















Kamerrean

Published by Karen Binnie at Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Karen Binnie

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



















Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Epilogue
About the author














Part.1 Jol

Prologue

The dark water lapped at the bend in the river creating an almost still pool to one side as the steady current passed by, gentle ripples broke the surface where the great snow topped mountains shimmered in their reflection.  The cool evening air whipped around the river bank leaving shadows of cloud just above the ground snaking its way amongst the reeds and glowing in the light of the full moon.  In the shadows of the rocks a flicker of movement, frantic yet quiet it stopped suddenly and two deep red eyes locked onto the water as the ripples in the pool began to shake violently with the vibrations from beneath the surface.  The eyes did not flinch as an image of beauty rose from the water, slowly she appeared raising her hands to slick back her long black silken hair from her face, then standing waist height she half turned in the direction of her admirer.  The eyes watched transfixed at the vision, momentarily distracted from their task, the woman had a perfectly proportioned body seen clearly through the white toga that clung to her dusky wet skin.  Her cheeks were pronounced high on her angular face, the eyes dark yet hugely rounded like an image of the moon in negative.
Venur broke the water’s surface and breathed in the cool evening air, the moon had not yet reached the point in the sky when Eldeen would come to her.  With every visit she longed to see her beloved with good tidings but tonight was no different to all the others, she did not bring good news of the lost ones, her search almost exhausted having swam many oceans and rivers on earth.  She loved to transform her inner soul to its truest form, able to swim for thousands of miles at a time but the search was taking its toll, her muscles ached from the exertion.
Washing her face in the fresh mountain water she became aware she was not alone, her senses detected another being as she quickly sank back down into the water, her eyes searching the reeds for the source of her fear, her tail fin swished back and forth in anticipation.  The water lapped at her neck, the gills re-opening as she sank lower, searching, her eyes locking onto the glow beyond the rocks, more rounded than ever in disbelief at what she saw.
The boy had been distracted at the vision before him, now it stared back at him in horror, the realisation he had been finally caught.  Pulling his clenched fist from the chest cavity of the dead body beneath him, it glowed a bright white in the night like a beacon that could be seen for miles, his skin translucent around the bones of his hand.  His face contorted in pain as the power seeped into his body, his hand gradually returning to normal, “Kill her” came the voice inside his head.
Since the tragic accident that took his best friends life that summer, the boy had been commanded by the voice in his head.  Crouched and distraught over Gregorn's lifeless body, the man had entered his head, an unseen force had taken his hand and balled it into a fist, there was nothing the boy could do, the bodiless voice took control as it thrust his fist into his best friend’s body stealing the power from within.  The boy was scared, frightened by his actions and the threats from the man’s voice inside his mind, he dared not tell a soul and lived in constant fear of the voice.  Since that fateful day the boy had become withdrawn, a pale imitation of his former self, the outgoing and vivacious child, lost to his family.
Tonight for one brief second he was roused from his zombie state by the arrival of Venur, horror filled both their eyes.  The boy fought his emotions as the voice pulled him back, back into the darkness his life had become, “Kill her now” it commanded him.  Both sets of eyes were transfixed on the other, as he blinked, his own echoed the fear of his accuser and he knew that his beautiful witness must die and yet to kill her would mean the end to his current way of life and end to the voice that commanded him.
Running faster than his legs could carry him, his heart pounded in his chest with the effort, ready to burst forth with the power coursing through his veins.  The act of killing had repulsed him but the fear of being caught stealing the last magical powers of the dying had spurred him on.  Feeling sick as he ran into the night his stomach lurched in protest as he fought to control his emotions, at last he reached the clearing, east of the mountain range.  He knew that the elders had travelled somehow from this clearing in the trees, he had watched them stand upon the great slab of rock at the edge of the heather clad clearing, the rock that looked like a huge table for giants where he had watched them disappear only to return again later, knowing that one day this would be his escape.  Regaining his breath he looked down at the bloodied bracelet in his hand, his stomach convulsed again and he swallowed in reaction.  Letting his breathing slow to normal he studied it, he did not know why he had even took it but the sparkling white gems fascinated him, the way that glow faded as the last breath had left her body.  Perhaps they held within a hidden power, he had seen another similar to this which the great Eldeen wore upon his wrist, Eldeen their chief who he knew would be hunting for him very soon.  The boy stuffed the bracelet into his robes and took a deep breath, hoping against all hope that what he was about to do would rid him of his pain and the voice forever as he stepped up onto the rock.

The air was dark, pitch black, filled with the most god awful stench, a mixture of death and chemicals, a clinical feeling that would be gut wrenching if only Jez could move.
He had no idea where or who he was, his sight unable to comprehend his surroundings, his remaining senses working overtime, there was the faint sound of talking and movement close by,  was that footsteps in the distance?  Yet the eerie silence engulfed him and his heart began to race with fear.
Startled by a gentle hand which brushed against his, he tried to grab hold, his immobility sank deep into his soul, he could not move at all, not just his hand but his whole body.
"Still no change" came the voice of an angel.
Unaware that he had been out cold for two days, Jez tried to speak but the words did not come, he was trapped in his own body, desperate to escape.
As he tried to think his mind blurred into a collage of broken images, vague memories of a party, laughing, drinking, splashes from the pool outside.  Jez forced his mind to remember, his peripheral vision clouded by shadow, the faces obscured as he moved between the dancers, looking for something he recognised, a face, a voice, anything to force a recollection of where he had been, where his mind now wandered amongst the thumping beat of the music, or was that his heart?  He felt strangely out of place that he didn’t belong here, as if trapped in the memories of another, the shadows moved back and forth, to the beat, shadows of a party that would change his life forever…..



Chapter 1

My excitement couldn’t hide the sadness within, I’m on edge, my emotions all mixed up.  It’s my 17th birthday tomorrow, the day after Sam Mitchell’s party, a birthday full of memories, some good, mostly bad I wish it would just go away, zip forward a week so I can try and get on with my life, at least this party might let me forget for just a few hours.
It had taken a lot of persuading but finally dad had caved in and agreed to let me go, but there were conditions, there were always bloody conditions.  My life had been controlled by conditions ever since the death of my mother and brother in that car accident, a shiver flowed through my body as the goose bumps spread across my arms, the flash of an ice cold memory.  That was when my friends knew me by my birth name, Julianne.  Since moving to New Zealand I’d stuck with Jol, the pet name given to me by my beloved grandmother who I hadn’t seen in over a year, god how I missed her.  I missed home too, I was born in Salisbury England, had never moved house ever until 8 months ago, I missed my old friends, well some of them! 
The pain behind my eyes intensified as I fought back the tears, the first two months here had been the hardest, dad was awkward, didn’t know what to say to comfort me and when he tried it came out all wrong.  Why are guys like that?  Hopeless when it comes to emotions, the best thing he did was let me chat to my old friends on facebook whenever I liked but some of their comments were hurtful.  Yasmin stuck by me though, the only one in the end after the incident at Ben’s party, the others joked that I was a freak but what did they know, maybe I was, I never really understood what had happened that night.  Now I was scared to go to parties, scared of what might happen and I’m not just talking about the usual predicaments teenagers find themselves in, this fear ran a lot deeper than that.
This was going to be a great party, Kate said it was always the place to be, no-one in their right mind would miss it.  But that’s the problem see, I don’t even know if I’m in my right mind, my life has been so messed up over the past year, I began to question my own sanity whilst putting on an act of behaving normal.  Maybe it was time to have some fun, relax a bit, shrug off the tension of my impending birthday.
I log off the internet, closing the laptop on my previous life and look in despair at the clothes strewn all over the bed, well hell! I didn’t know what to wear, fashion sure was different over here.
The party was at Sam Mitchell’s place up on the hill, I’d never been there before, all I knew about the Mitchell family was that they were rich.  Sam's parents were going to be out of town ‘dad doesn’t know about that of course, he’d have forty fits and not let me go’ they were away on some business/pleasure trip in LA.
Being the new girl had been hard, ok I feel I have settled in at last but I don’t want to look like some dork from England.  The doorbell rang at last, Kate was late, she was always late, she’d become my best friend almost immediately, helping me cope on my first day at College.  I was grateful of course, someone to hold my hand, it had felt like my first day at primary school all over again, not knowing anyone.  I think I was a novelty to be honest, the English girl, new to the country who had not long lost her mum, none of them would ever know I felt the loss of my brother more, except Kate of course, the only one who I confided in.  If I had been just a fascination to her, it hadn’t stopped and we have been inseparable ever since.
The doorbell rang for longer this time, I had been lost in my thoughts again! I ran to answer it before dad came in from the garden and got there first or before Kate began banging on the door which was more likely to happen.

Mr Serason stood in the garden pleased with his efforts, digging another section to the vegetable patch.  He listened to the girl’s incessant chatter and frequent giggles coming from inside the house, he couldn’t hear what they were saying maybe just as well, he didn’t want to know what went on in the mind of a teenage girl.  At least Julianne seemed settled now and appeared a lot happier these days.  He worried about the party and if it was the right thing to let her go but she was going to be 17 tomorrow and he realised that he had to give her a little more freedom, she was not his little girl anymore.  
He settled into the rocking chair out on the deck, lighting his cigarette, a habit he had once kicked but the old cravings had reared their ugly head following the accident.  He thought about his life now, the house was adequate for their needs, a single storey weather board house which had been extended to offer a fourth bedroom at the back of the lounge with its own on-suite, perfect for him and far enough away so that they both had their own space.  Julianne had the largest bedroom of three at the front of the house, plenty of room for friends to stay once the spare rooms had been cleared of the remaining packing boxes, with the main bathroom to call her own.
Life was a struggle but his book shop was ticking over, enough to keep him from being idle, not that money was an issue, his wife had made sure of that in her will but it had been hard coping with a teenage daughter after the death of Vyvien and his son Christopher.
It had been Chris’s fault the night of the crash, he was 18 and a mummy’s boy, Vyv could not see what the drugs had done to him and convinced he had become clean she had given him chance after chance, but the last chance had been the biggest mistake of all, one that had cost them their lives.  The coroner’s report confirmed his worst fears, that Chris was a pot smoking waste of space.
He had despised his own son from birth, his conception a drunken fumble in the dark which resulted in the mistake that changed his life.  His morale upbringing meant no question of him not marrying Vyvien and married life had begun to improve once he had finally learned to love his son and new wife, now he despised him all over again for ruining their precious lives.
Vyvien had been a top lawyer in Salisbury, England where they had led a charmed life, parties galore and mixing with high society from the counties, not really his scene but he had kept up the pretence, quietly and politely obliging his wife as she revelled in the limelight.  Born a Kiwi, her heart belonged in the land of the long white cloud or so he thought but reality dictated that her talents commanded the best salary overseas, a compromise his lovely wife had been only too eager to accept.
Only now he was realising that he had been hard on Julianne since their loss, scared of losing her too he had dragged her halfway across the world to live in her mother’s country. They had no surviving relatives here or back in England but somehow he had thought he would feel closer to Vyvien as if her spirit would somehow guide him in bringing up their daughter.  They had not been close for many years, not since the birth of their second child in fact but this was his new start for him and his daughter, a new start, a new life, a quieter life.
He thought about his daughter and how she had coped better from the day all their belongings had finally arrived from England, a month later than promised.  It had been hectic and he remembered Julianne emerging from the garden later that day, holding a mangy flea bitten, filthy excuse for a cat.  He smiled to himself as he recalled how her face had lit up as she begged him, ‘Daddy, please can we keep it?’  How could he refuse her pleading face, she had not called him daddy in a very long time and the tiny bundle in her hands, it did have the cutest wee face.  Julianne had insisted the cat be called Alice an odd name for a cat, even after a good clean up and a visit to the vet revealed that their new tabby with the incredibly bright green eyes was actually a boy.

Kate lay on her stomach on top of my bed, her chin resting in her hands and kicking her legs in the air behind to the music, “I told you not to worry, I know Sam’s like the most popular girl in school but being like her third cousin twice removed or something like that, she had to invite me, I’m whanau you know!”
Her comment made me smile inside, I had struggled with the Maori words, I soon discovered the schools here teach some of the native traditions and the language is taught at a young age, not all of it mind as many of the whites or ‘pakeha’ as the Maori call them could never remember it all. Sometimes even the basics are a distant memory but not to everyone, it can be a bit strange at times the relationship between the settlers and the Maori.
“…….any how I insisted on bringing a friend, my excuse for not bothering any of hers, well that’s what she thinks anyhow, you know I’ve got my eye on Gregor Jones?”
There I go again distracted by my thoughts, a common distraction which had annoyed my teachers since the age of five, Kate’s question brought me back to the present.   “But why me? you have other friends…”
“Jol you can be so annoying sometimes, you know you’re like my best friend now, especially since you let me have loads of your stuff you don’t want, how many boxes you got left to open now?”
I looked around my room at the boxes, some of them half empty, unpacking from the move had been such a chore, helping dad with the general household stuff had been bad enough but the more personal stuff, well each box had just brought back more painful memories.  Six months had passed and I still had boxes to unpack.  
It felt good to offload onto Kate, she didn’t have much and passing it on eased the pain, I smiled to myself, she was the one true friend I had made since coming here, Kate was always up front and honest about everything.  Kate is a Maori, the way some of the white New Zealanders talk about Maori you would think they were uneducated and backward but strangely all the different nationalities that had settled here seemed to co-exist happily enough.  Kate is just an ordinary girl like me ‘well maybe not like me’ she is just way more confident and has darker skin, something which never bothered me, it’s what’s inside that counts.  I lack the confidence which Kate brings to our friendship, in fact she is brave to the point of stupidity sometimes but that’s what’s appealing, I suppose my sensibility ‘if you can call it that!’ countered it all out.
“Well! you in one of your daydreams again, what you grinning at?” asked Kate.
“I’ve got just the thing to help you with Gregor” I grabbed the wooden box on my bedside table and handed Kate a bottle top sized shiny black pebble from inside.
“What’s this?” Kate asked, staring at the stone, confused.
“It was my brothers so you better look after it, Gran gave it to him years ago, said he was never to let it out of his sight, that it was his lucky stone.”
Kate looked at it in her hand, it was big enough to fit in her pocket but she looked unsure like there was something not right about it.
I watched her face as she rolled the stone between her fingers, I knew what she was thinking, “don’t worry, he didn’t have it on him at the time of the accident, he had already given it to me by then, must have decided carrying a lucky stone around at his age was not cool or something.”
“Oh!”
“Look don’t worry, I’ve given up beating myself over taking his luck that night, from what dad says Chris was an accident waiting to happen anyway, I don’t think the stone would have made a lot of difference.”
“But don’t you want it? surely there must be someone you fancy at College by now eh! I refuse to believe you’re not interested in anyone!  you’re not a lesbian are you?” she added as an afterthought sitting up on the bed, ready to move quickly in case I pounce on her.
“Kate! you are so absurd, you know I’m looking for the right one since I told you what happened at that party last year and believe me I’m quite sure the right one will be a boy.”
Kate eyes me suspiciously, “yeah right! not 100% sure though, you wait much longer and it could be a man you’re looking for girl, unless you turn into one of them cougar types!” we both fell back on the bed laughing.
“No you need it more than me tonight, Gran told me to keep it in her box as a memory of Chris, you can borrow it that’s all, I want it back, I may need it myself one day.”
Kate swung her legs off the edge of the bed and sat upright, “Sweet, well let me know if you change your mind, if I know Sam well enough she’ll have invited guys from the other College, you might just see someone you like!” 
I watched her as I lay propped up on my left elbow, she smiled and reluctantly put the stone in her pocket.  I broke the awkward moment of silence that followed and rose from the bed, “Here look what I found, plucked up the courage to tackle another box yesterday after my final English exam, thank god that’s all over, hey how did you do in yours?”
Kate groaned, “don’t ask, I told you I was no good, you promise to still help me next year? wait a minute, what did you find in the box?”
“My brother’s X-Box, you want it?”
“Choice! have to smuggle it passed mum's boyfriend though, you know what he’s like, probably think I’ve stolen it or something and sell it off for the dollars.  We best get a move on, you know we should have dyed your hair, it looks funny in the sunlight.”
“Thanks!” 
I knew dying my hair was a bad mistake, had tried it once before back in the UK, you see my shoulder length mousy brown/grey looking hair just didn’t like it, the greyish bits almost shimmer translucent in the sunlight and just won’t hold a colour, at least the mousy brown kind of blended in with the grey, in a weird way.
I hold my hair up against the light from the window to show Kate, “I told you before it doesn’t work on these bits” I shrug my shoulders adding, “doesn’t matter I’ve kind of got used to my hair now, it’s not that bad! I‘ll just stay away from the windows.”
“Stay there a minute.” 
Kate stared at the piece of hair fanning across my fingers against the light of the window.  
“That’s so weird, you know if you cut your hair real short and spiky, you’d look like you had a halo!” Kate began to laugh, “my mate, Jol the angel, yeah right! not tonight girlfriend we‘re gonna have some fun.”
“Shush! dad will hear you” I scowl, “come on lets figure out what we’re wearing.”
 
“Please don't tell me you are going out like that!”
“Oh come on dad, this is tame, I’ve seen worse at the mall.”
“I’m not talking about you! Kate you sure your mother doesn’t mind you wearing a skirt that short?”  John Serason wrinkled his nose at Kate in disapproval.
“Dad leave her alone, you are so old fashioned, that’s actually my skirt and mum bought it for me!” that cut below the belt but dad had no right.  
Kate smiled at me and raised her eyebrows in the unspoken way which said “parents!”  Kate looked great in the denim skirt I had not worn since…. well she looked great anyway, her top almost identical to mine but in red, Kate had this natural beauty, at five foot tall she was not too fat and not too thin, her unblemished skin and face were just perfect, she looked great in anything.  I had opted for the safety of jeans and a strappy flowing top in jade with sequins detailed around the chest.
John took the cutting remark well, his daughter did look beautiful, just like her mother and he wanted to cry.  He couldn't wait to see her face tomorrow when he gave her his present, a voucher for the opticians for some contact lenses, far better than the glasses she wore now, old and outdated they didn't do her justice, his little girl was becoming a woman and looking like some old maid from a British soap just didn't seem fair.
Both girls stood before him in the hallway dancing from foot to foot, waiting expectantly for his next remark.
“You girls need to visit the ladies before we leave?” he said with a smirk.  
My dad was like a fatter version of Indiana Jones in teaching mode but had a wicked sense of humour when he remembered where to find it, he also came across as over protective like most dads when it came to their little girls.
“DAAAD, can we go now?”
“Ok, Ok, just promise me that you'll keep your mobile switched on and don't.....”
“Dad please, we're going to be late, we've had this talk a million times already and it’s called a cell phone over here.”
He mumbled something about bloody yanks as he stubbed out his cigarette against the fence and fumbled for the car keys in his pocket.

Sam Mitchell’s home was palatial, her parents were some big shots in import/export, had loads of money and it showed, hard to believe that Kate could be in any way related.
John Serason drove up the left side of the enormous sweeping driveway and stopped short of the pillared entrance, the gargoyles on their plinths grinning in the sinister way that gargoyles do, who would want that at their door? he wondered.  
I smiled at Kate and whispered in her ear, “told you should have worn jeans!”
“Now remember girls, synchronise watches, I will be here 11.30, anymore than 5 minutes late and I'm coming in to find you.”
“Dad! midnight, you promised!!!!”
“I didn’t promise, you just assumed.”
“But Daaaaaad!” I shot him the best puppy dog look I could manage, he could just be melting.
“Ok, alright then but i’ll be here dead on midnight and you’re out here when I drive up or there’ll be trouble.”
I reached over and kissed him on the cheek, “thanks, oh and can you look for Alice when you get back, he's normally in by now for his dinner but I haven't seen him all day.”
“Yes, alright, but don't worry he's probably having a night on the tiles for once.”
“Thanks dad.” 
I slammed the door behind me and froze, he hated it when I did that, I turned and mouthed ‘sorry’ through the window, then swivelled quickly on my heel skipping after Kate who was already at the entrance waiting impatiently.
“Your dad is soooo...”
“What controlling? yeah I know but at least he finally gave in and let me out for 4 hours, come on let’s get inside and see who's there.”
I didn't accessorise, didn't go in for all that bling but always wore my mother’s gold signet ring and for the first time an old leather wrist band I had found in Gran’s wooden box.  It didn't look like the kind of thing a grandma would wear but it looked pretty cool.  It was a thick white leather band with gold studs around the edge and blue stones around the centre, the band laced up on the underside through eyelets by a thick rope of leather and it was surprisingly still in good condition, the stones looked like sapphires but I didn’t know for sure.
When our belongings had finally arrived from England I found the old box amongst mum’s stuff that dad just couldn't bring himself to get rid of.  I took it into the garden out of dad’s way and found a note inside to Gran from someone called 'Tad' well that’s what it looked like! a lot of the writing had become smudged with age.  There was also the leather band with no markings to say where it had been made and of course Chris’s lucky stone.  That was when the cutest wee face appeared from inside the bushes with a faint meow, the day I found Alice.

Jez had another image blur into focus, the dreaming or visions had been driving him crazy but keeping him alive, memories merging together to form his past, building up a life he had forgotten and keeping away from the archway to eternal darkness.  He had seen the archway at first, unaware of its significance but with each image, it moved further away.
The image revealed itself and yes he did remember this, that bloody girl, what’s-her-name, who had been stalking him at a party, he tried to shake the image from his mind but she was not for shaking, this was harder than avoiding her when he had been there for real.  Oh for god’s sake, he thought, I don’t even like her, I'm just not interested.  Sam that was her name, the girl whose party it was, he had to get away from her yet again and he tried to remember the last time he had to avoid her.
He opened the large oak door before him and found himself surrounded by the most amazing games room.  There was a pool table and snooker table, jukebox and an old space invaders game and a basketball hoop high on the wall in the corner.  There was a darts board and a huge cinema screen for watching the rugby.  Wow! this was amazing, he had never before been impressed by the trappings of wealth but one day he thought, to have all this would be sweet as.
He’d had enough of this party, he only ever came for something to do and get away from the farm, but he was bored, this was not the kind of person he was.  Jez didn't know really what kind of person he was, he liked to help people and walk away, he didn't like to get involved, if truth be known he was still soul searching for the kind of man he wanted to be, he had dabbled on the wrong side of the law and been lucky enough to not get caught when he realised it was not the life for him.
For now he was a wanderer going with the flow of life but not really getting anywhere.  Jez had woken from his slumber, but of course could not open his eyes.



Chapter 2

Kate led the way into Sam’s kitchen past the heaving bodies swaying and jumping to the ghostly wail of the synthesised beat, the thump, thump, thump of the Ministry of Sound, the floor vibrating as if raised from its foundations.
“Have you been here before? this house is huge.”
Kate shouted back, “only once when I was about six, I remember a big family argument and mum had a black eye but that‘s all I can remember, got a good memory of the layout though can find my way around pretty much, what you want to drink?”  
She opened the huge silver double-door American style fridge, packed with bottles.
“I told you before, no alcohol for me.”
“You’re crazy girl, here you'd better just drink water, there ain’t no soft drinks here, I think the glasses are, yep right here, at least you know the water from the tap is safe, well maybe not if they’ve mixed it with bore water!”
“I’m sure I’ll be fine,” I took the glass from Kate’s hand and began running the cold tap.
“I‘m not sure I get it but by the end of the night you‘ll be a changed woman, I‘m counting on it” Kate laughed adding, “I'm off to find the punch, I hear its pretty good, I‘ll be back in a sec, I’ll check out the talent on the way” she had a wicked glint in her eye as she disappeared through the doorway.
I sipped the cool water, I had been offered numerous types of alcohol in the past and strange smelling cigarettes and party pills in the UK but cider had been my downfall, since that fateful night a year ago I had vowed not to touch a drop, maybe coming to this party was not such a good idea after all.  I continued to sip the water when the door suddenly burst open and a bunch of kids I recognised from College piled in, pushing each other in the rush to get to the fridge. One of the boys unsteady on his feet stopped and swerved to face me almost falling over, “Was sup babe? ruun oout o beer, gonna join us?”
I didn’t know what to say, I tried to think of a way out of the invitation when his pal slapped him on the back, “come on Tai, back oout te the pooole.”
They left, punching their way through the door in the same rowdy way they had arrived with several cases of beer from the fridge. Tai managed a wink at me before he disappeared with the throng.  My heart lurched, not at the attention but fear of what the wink could mean, where the hell was Kate?
Peeking through the kitchen door I caught sight of Kate guzzling punch like there’s no tomorrow with Gregor Jones’s arm draped around her, I managed to catch her eye and shot her a warning look, ‘Be careful’, Kate gave me the thumbs up, she had fancied Gregor for months.  
I glanced around the room at the party, wanted to join in the fun but I’m actually quite shy so my fear stopped me. I took my hand from the door to let it close, then grabbed it just in time to see a tall boy wander through from the hall, he was moving away from me in the direction of the garden but for a split second before he turned and the door was about to close, I caught a glimpse of his face.  Geez he was hot, I’ve not seen him before! must be from the other College. He was not incredibly handsome, almost feminine features but there was something eye catching about him, something which had others caught in his trap as he moved through the throng.  
I stared after him at his shoulder length wavy hair, kind of a strawberry blonde, not my usual type but his movements were strong, almost elegant.  He wore cut off denim shorts, an orange check shirt open to reveal the black vest hugging his lean yet well toned body, I let the door close on the vision, I mean what chance did I have?  This quiet English girl hiding out in the kitchen had no chance, not with the way he had caught everyone else’s attention, getting close to another boy was not an option right now anyway, not until I overcame the power of my emotions.
‘Great now I'm stuck on my own and hiding in the kitchen with a glass of water for company.’
The party was in full swing, the thump of the music shuddering through the house and the noise of partygoers having a great time.  The place seemed to be full of kids, everywhere I look there are bodies, dancing, kissing, fumbling, stumbling, they hadn’t been there for long and already everyone else looked pretty munted.  I should find somewhere else to hide, perhaps the kitchen wasn’t the best place to be after what just happened with Tai.  He was in my biology class, seemed a nice enough boy but he was drunk and might just come back for a second go if he is still able to walk.  
This night had supposed to keep my mind off things, Kate didn’t understand when I tried to explain that a party was probably not the best idea but Kate wouldn’t listen and she was hard to say no to.
My fears began to close in around me like a shadow of doom, ok so maybe I’m exaggerating but that’s how I feel right now as the blanket of fear closes in around me, suffocating my senses.  This same night only a year ago flooding my brain, bringing with it the pain as I turned to face the wall, fighting the tears welling behind my eyes, gripping the edge of the sink, my fingers bent taut like on a white knuckle ride.  The memory so fresh it burned beneath my skull, I was desperate to escape as it replayed the events that changed my life.
I was back in Salisbury, heading off to a party with my then best friend Yasmin who just lived down the street, it was the Friday night before my 16th birthday, mum had finally agreed to let me stay at Yasmin’s house when I should have gone to the airport to wave her off on yet another business trip, Chris had been the one that had persuaded mum to let me stay behind.  Yasmin’s mum thought we were across town staying at Jades, when really we had been sneaking out to gatecrash a party at Ben Cowser's.  The word had gone around by text, the place to be was Bens house, his parents out of town.
It was exciting, an adrenaline rush meeting up with our friends at the bus stop on the Kings road and heading off to our first party without parents.  It didn’t take long to hook up with some older kids from school and get hold of some booze.  I took a liking for the cider which quickly made me feel warm and fuzzy, things only took a turn for the worst when some older kids wanted others to join in the Ouija board séance, Yasmin was keen but the very thought scared me.
I took off outside the back door for some fresh air, a bad move, it had made me feel worse, struggling to focus I remember a hand grabbed my elbow and swung me around to face its owner.  He was gorgeous, his eyes bore into mine and I just melted like an ice cream on a hot day, his strong arms held me steady and asked if I was ok as he leaned forward, his eyes boring into mine, then his lips were all over my mouth and the ice cream was now just a watery mess.  
The excitement of that kiss shuddered through my body as I began to respond flattered by the attention, I had never been kissed like that before and it was everything I had imagined.  If only that had been all he was after but his hand began to wander probing under my skirt, I was excited and frightened all at the same time and that’s when it happened.
I found out later he was Dave Jinson from sixth form.
I felt the anger burning my eyes as I stared at the tiled wall in front of me, the cream and red pattern merging into one when the door banged behind me jolting me back to reality, I froze, scared that Tai had come back for me.
“Hey Jol, wassup?” it was Kate, she came up behind me and put her hand on my shoulder, I couldn’t help but flinch at the sudden contact, “what’s wrong you look like crap? I wanted to let you know I’ve hooked up with Gregor.”
I attempt to smile, “Yes I saw, I’m fine you go and have fun.”
“But you sure, you don’t look good.”
Wiping the grimace from my face, I turn to look Kate in the eye, “Dodgy tum, I’ll find somewhere to sit quiet and meet you out front at 12.”  Suddenly concerned for Kate, I touch her on the arm “you do know what you’re doing? please be careful Kate, I want to help you through college next year not end up as your babysitter!”
Kate laughed, “You’re so serious, I’m just having a bit of fun and I mean Gregor, the lucky stone must be working after all eh! Oh come on this could be my only chance!” She pecked me on the cheek, “see ya later, better go before he changes his mind.” 
Kate skipped through the door with the biggest grin I had ever seen on her face as the door swung on its hinges.  An even shorter pale faced blonde haired girl appeared in the doorway, she cocked her head as she looked at me and asked, “You drunk?”
“No!” I reply indignantly.
“Oh good, I’m looking for a couple more for the séance.”
“What!”
“A séance, s’alright I’ll find someone else, not forcing you like.”
The thought struck me then, was this time to face my fears? This night was not going to end up like a year ago, I had stayed off the grog, this night seemed so like the last, maybe it’s not just a coincidence, by joining in the séance then history would not be repeating itself. 
“No, no, count me in.”
“Sweet as, follow me” the girl beckoned as she went back down the hall.  At least I will be away from the bloody kitchen and these haunting memories, keep an open mind I thought, let’s do this.

John Serason came back in from the garden, boy did he feel stupid, tapping a fork against a tin of cat food and calling for Alice.  Where had that stupid cat got too?  Every night exactly on 6.30 he would arrive home for his dinner and settle in for the night on Julianne’s bed, tonight he seemed to have just disappeared, she was going to be really upset if he didn’t come back.  That bloody cat had saved their father daughter relationship, he couldn't bear it if something had happened, he relied on that cat too much.  
He looked at his watch 10 past 10 already, well no police, fire engines or ambulances had gone screeching up the hill so far, that had to be a good thing, just under 2 hours to go, could he bear the agony of the wait, he hoped she was having a good time, but not too good!

To all but her closest friends, Sam Mitchell was a total bitch, too much money and she looked great, long legs, blonde hair, blue eyes, and every boys dream.  She had been with nearly every boy too, if all the rumours were to be believed, she had it all, except loving parents.  Sam took advantage and threw parties whenever her parents were away, her brother always came to supervise. Hah! that was a laugh, he only cared about himself and having a good time, but if he was there, his friends were there and that usually meant older boys always a plus but not on this night.
Sam was besotted, she had tried all the tricks in the book to try and get his attention but it hadn't worked.  Why was Jez ignoring her? she never normally had any trouble catching a boy’s eye.  But Jez wasn't a boy he was 18 and gorgeous in her eyes, there was something about him, a mystery that needed to be solved.  He had been a bad boy at college and all the girls love a bad boy, he always wore that beaten black leather jacket and she had seen him on his motorbike.  He had jet black wavy hair and the most piercing blue eyes yet he was mysterious, there was something intriguing about him something you just couldn't put your finger on.  Every time she locked eyes with him, someone would distract her and then he'd be gone, now that was weird and increasingly frustrating.

There was a group of eight kids, all seniors I guessed who sat cross legged on the floor waiting for the blonde who had introduced herself as Tracey to return with extra’s.
“This is the only sober one I could find” she announced as we entered what looked like a formal dining room. A contemporary design of cream and beige with a large oval shaped table with ornately carved legs and handsomely styled chairs to match, it looked like polished walnut to me.
The oldest looking boy stood up and shook my hand, “Welcome I’m Stanton, glad you could join us?”
He was so polite, his soft chestnut curls dancing above his kind eyes as the others wait for a response to his question, his hands seem so large and envelope mine in a warm and comforting way putting me instantly at ease in this bizarre situation.
I stumble over my words, “Uh, I, I’m Julianne.” 
I’m only known as Jol to my closest friends best to keep it formal with strangers.
The group nodded in response and Stanton agreed that only one more participant was just perfect, five boys and five girls, all even.  He guides me to the table and sits me down next to his chair, I can feel my cheeks begin to colour.
I try to focus on the table but each time I try to steal a peek in his direction, he’s just looking at me, I can’t decide if he is fascinated with me or he’s just weird.  My cheeks are burning hot now, as he starts to explain what will happen next, his words blur into one as I try to focus on the contents on the table.
There’s a strange smell, what is that? I wonder as I wrinkle my nose, it keeps wafting by, sort of flowery.  The walnut wood is so polished I can see the reflection on the underside of the cards.  In a circle each card has a single letter of the alphabet written on the upper side, the underside has a pattern very similar to the standard pattern of a normal set of playing cards.  I realise it’s not a complete circle, just two lines facing each other which flow with the curve of the oval table, the alphabet is out of order.  In the centre are four extra cards with the words No, Yes, Hello and Goodbye, between these cards sit a plain short rounded glass which must have come from the kitchen, the large ornately carved glass fronted cabinet which sits against the far wall and mirrors the design of the table and chairs, only holds expensive looking crystal.
The heavy cream drapes have been pulled against the windows, I can just make out fine beige lines which flow from top to bottom.  At my feet my flat shoes are lost in a sea of red, engulfed in the deep piled rich carpet the same colour of the pelmets.  At that very moment my mind wanders to the image of a sea of blood, I blink to dismiss it. The houses I have seen in this country all seem much simpler and more, well, beachy.  Perhaps I am naïve to think that such opulence would never be found here, it’s like something out of the Homes and Country magazine my mum used to subscribe to but never read.
I feel a comforting hand take mine, rousing me from my thoughts, I look at Stanton the heat in my cheeks unbearable.
“Are you ready?” he asks.
We all nod in agreement, I don’t know why I did, suddenly daunted at what was about to happen I feel stupid for not listening to what he had been saying, I’ll just have to go with the flow and hope I don’t mess things up.
Stanton already holds my left hand as the others all link their hands around the table, Tracey who has positioned herself on the other side of me takes hold of my right hand in hers.  I swallow hard, gulping back the fear welling up inside, as I see the others shut their eyes, I’m sure my hands are shaking as I shut mine too.  The silence is deafening, the anticipation an electric current pulsing through the hands of us all.

“Ah! yes, about time too.”
The electric current had sent a message to Clarintor a demonic female who fed on the fear of others.  A séance was like a grand feast where only one of the victims would shine above the rest to be taken for her amusement.  Many would attempt to contact the souls of the dead, much to the amusement of the underworld but then every now and then when conducted in the correct manner, at the correct time with the use of the ancient method of Ouija, then Clarintor would begin to salivate.  A victim would be brought forth, hers for the taking, to toil and play with until the boredom set in.
At 5’6 her penchant for satin dresses fitted her perfectly proportioned womanly curves and belied the evil that lay within.  It had been a long time since the last attempt, far too long as she had to keep the last one alive much longer for her amusement.  The boy she had grown accustomed to and decided against her better judgement to keep him on, but the hunger, the thrill of the chase was so much more prevalent than in previous times.
The electric pulse that sent the message had an extra element, one that had not materialised before and Clarintor knew this time would be extra special.  She would have to act fast and locate the source of her hunger and for that she would need assistance from the boy and her long suffering partner Kroil.
Kroil had been amusing himself amongst the dregs of society in the seedy part of town in New York when he got the call.  He looked at his victim, unaware that she was being followed from behind in the dark alley, it never failed to amaze him how stupid modern humans had become, so often walking on their own in the dead of night, did they not realise what dangers lay in wait for them in the shadows?  This one was lucky this time, Kroil was annoyed at the interference of his mistress’s call, Clarintor knew not to bother him when he was on these trips, it had better be good.
He took one last look at his intended victim, sighed and dematerialised, a vapour of dust left in his wake.
As he approached Clarintor’s chamber, he brushed the dirt from his silk designer 3 piece suit, dematerialising made such a mess with the dust, he used magic to keep the shine on his shoes, he just hated looking out of place.  He raked his fingers through his closely cropped greying hair before entering, she was talking to another, she did not usually call upon others at the same time, it was the brat.  He never understood why she had not disposed of him like the others, then the hunger vibes met his and he realised her urgency, the feel was different this time and it excited him.

The silence is finally broken with the deep voice of Stanton at the head of the table, as he mutters some strange language in poetic form, I become aware of his accent, why had I not noticed it before?  He was talking Latin or something weird like that but it was obvious he was an American.  I wondered which part of America he had come from and what he was doing here in New Zealand, but then it probably wasn’t really that strange as this place seems to be full of immigrants from around the world, so why so surprised?  I realised he’d changed back to English, the others began to chant the same words and I hoped no-one noticed that I didn’t join in:
"Oh divine greatness, protect us from evil,
We only seek the truth and not to offend.
Dark spirits be aware the Supreme protector,
For he shall keep us on the right path."

Strange as they seem, the words spoken feel oddly protective and I no longer fear the Ouija board.
Stanton speaks clear and deliberate, “Are there any spirits here with us now and willing to speak?”
Slowly the glass begins to move, no-one had put their finger on it yet, there is a gasp around the circle as the glass stops at the word,
YES.
I stare at the glass in horror, reflected in the table top there is a faint glow, almost like an orb seen on one of those ghost hunter programmes, it appears to hover inside the glass, I wonder if anyone else can see this phenomenon.  A quick glance around the table saw all the faces focus on the glass, still holding hands no-one attempts to touch it, I thought that was what we were meant to do, or maybe I’ve just seen too many movies.
The excitement prickles up my spine as Stanton asks “With whom do you wish to speak?”
The glass moves again, faster this time in an anticlockwise motion, still no-one dares to touch it as the orb glows brightly within, the glass spells out the word, 
S T O P.
Stanton raises an eyebrow as if it doesn’t make any sense, just as he is about to speak the glass moves again, so fast this time it’s difficult to keep up as it spells,
L E A V E  H E R  A L O N E.
We all look at each other perplexed by this statement, the glass stops as if waiting for something.  Stanton takes a deep breath and asks “Who do you wish us to leave alone?”
The anticipation is etched on all our faces, my heart is racing but nothing happens.  Stanton looks at each and every one of us as we each steal a quick glance at each other then he re-focuses on the glass for fear of losing contact, the excitement hangs in the air like a thick fog, he tries something else, “Who are you?”
The heavy table begins to shudder violently and the glass tips over. 
“Don't break the circle” he tells us, “hold on tight while I just try one more time”, he re-centres the glass and asks again “who are you?”
Once again slowly the glass begins to move, this time in a clockwise motion as it spells out,
J O L.
A gasp escapes from my throat as my head spins so fast chasing the beat of my heart, it shudders against my chest so furiously like it’s trying to burst free.  The girl opposite thrusts her head up suddenly and glares at me, I don’t understand as her eyes seem to roll backwards into her head, she begins to shake. 
Scared, I try to pull my hands free from the others but they won’t let go, I look at Stanton, he smiles back as if trying to comfort my fear, I can’t speak my mouth is dry, the words won’t come, why won’t they set me free?
The girl opposite stops shaking and begins to speak as if possessed, “The time has come you are needed now, leave this place Jannas Ore Luisenn.”
I’m trapped as they all look at me, my cheeks burning white hot, I feel sick, ‘please let me go, oh no, not now, I need to pee, hold it in, hold it in!’
“Who are you?” Stanton demands as we all watch the glass spell out, 
A L I C E.
My eyes flicker, ‘Alice?’ The voices grow distant as I fall into the void, my mind shuts off banishing my fears.

The hairs at the back of his neck began to stand up and prickle his skin, this was not good, over the years Jez had come to recognise this as a sign of danger, like a warning signal, he had never figured out why this happened but he had been grateful of this gift on many occasions, he decided it was time to leave this party, get away from that strange girl that was stalking him, perhaps she was the danger, he headed towards the door on the other side when he stopped in his tracks, he could hear something strange on the other side.
In his mind Jez could see a door before him open to reveal a circle of bodies around an Ouija board, not again, he thought.  Jez had witnessed an Ouija board session before and the pain that erupted from it, his heart lurched in his chest at the thought of it.  Pete had been, no was his best friend no matter what had happened that night he was still his best friend.  Pete had vanished, not just disappeared but completely vanished in front of their eyes, there was a purple haze and he was gone, vaporized.  They all witnessed it but only Jez retained the memory, how could he tell anyone the truth, they would all think he was mad, that was a couple of years before now, his best friend had been removed from the milk cartons to be replaced by the many other missing persons since then.
They had both lost parents and at school they had kind of connected, almost inseparable apart from Pete’s obsession with snakes which although he never admitted it they unnerved him.  Jez never hung around for too long when Pete had a snake in his hands.
Stirred from his thoughts by the girl with the strange eyes as she muttered the words, “The time has come, you are needed now, Jannes Ore Luisenn”
They stared towards one young girl who looked scared and embarrassed.  “Who are you?" a male voice demanded, Jez could not see properly but guessed that the glass had begun to move, when the young girl collapsed.
Jez did not really know what he was doing or why he was doing it, but incensed at the thought it could happen again, an inner force seemed to take hold of him as he rushed through the door toward the young girl’s body.  He picked up the glass and flung it with such force it smashed against the wall, he muttered the words “Shentalmen” and scooped up the girl’s young body into his arms as the memory faded.



Chapter 3

Kate lifted her head from the toilet bowl, man did she feel bad.  The time was 11.30 pm and she had to catch up with Jol before her dad arrived.  Lurching toward the bowl, she hueyed again, her head was thumping and she just wanted to die.  Why had she drank too much too quickly? her mother had always warned her about that.  Gregor hadn't been too impressed by her efforts, they were just about to lock lips for real when she had started to gag, the whole event had been a disaster.  He had recoiled in disgust and stomped off mumbling what a stupid little girl she was.  Kate just managed to reach the toilet bowl, her guts hurt bad and so did her pride, she could never look at him or go near him again for the embarrassment.
Life was crap but she knew it had been all her own stupid bloody fault especially when she had taken a drag on that cigarette, attempting to act cool even though it had tasted weird.  She steadied herself against the sink trying to find some normality to her wobbly legs, she had to find Jol and fast.  The music was thumping, her head was thumping to the beat, she stepped forward and the room began to spin.

At 11.30 pm John Serason grabbed his coat from the stand in the hall and pulled the door shut behind him.  He made his way toward the car cursing under his breath at the beer bottles strewn around the garden yet again, the one curse of living too close to the domain favoured by the young and not yet the legal drinking age, especially on a Thursday, Friday and Saturday night.  It was the start of the holidays now the exams had finished and that was worse, large groups would gather in the park opposite with nothing better to do, one wondered where they got all the money from and not just beer bottles either!
As he stooped to collect the bottle near the back of the car, something caught his eye in the light of a passing car, he bent further to see, “Alice is that you?”
No, no cat as he groaned pushing his body up from his knees, the part of old age that bothered him the most, not being as agile as he was in his youth.
“Hello John, have you lost something?” called Margaret the old lady from next door.
“Oh, hello there you’re up late?” he replied, “you haven’t seen that blasted cat of ours have you?”
“Bill’s watching the boxing, can’t abide it myself, just putting out the rubbish I’ll keep an eye out for him if you like.”
“Thanks.”
“What would you like for Sunday roast? I got some beef at a good rate in the butchers yesterday, do you fancy that?”
“You’re too good to us you know, you and Bill, yes beef will be fine and I’ll bring dessert, none of that nut roast for Julianne though, she’s off to the cinema tomorrow for her birthday with Kate.”
Pulling up outside the Mitchell residence he checked his watch, only 11.45 pm, damn, he had hoped to kill a bit of time stopping to buy petrol and cigarettes, he knew he had left too early 'ok Julianne you've 15 minutes' he told himself as he looked at his watch.  He thought of Vyvien, the watch had been the very last thing she had given him on their anniversary before her death and he treasured it although he hadn't really liked it, too ostentatious for his liking.  He wondered how she managed to afford such an expensive and unique item, Oh don’t worry, I’ve just closed on the best deal ever, was all she would say.
The gift had nagged at his conscience, time had brought with it silence, they hardly spoke a civil word and he wondered the true meaning behind the gift, now he would never know.  
He felt incredibly weary and his eyelids grew heavy, it had been a long day and he was very tired.  He felt his head nodding and he awoke in a panic from the slumber that had engulfed him, looking at his watch it was still only 11.46 pm, he thought he had been asleep for ages as his eyelids began to droop once more.

Inside, the room was still spinning for Kate as she tried to stand bracing herself against the wall, the door burst open making her jump in fright and lose balance again.  A man entered the bathroom, closing the door quickly and holding it shut with his back, his eyes were closed.  Kate stood with the opposite wall holding her up and tried to focus, what was he doing? did she dare speak, didn’t he realise she was there?
Stanton slowly opened his eyes as his hand fell against the key, he quickly turned it, locking them both in, he looked back at the frightened eyes of Kate, “It’s alright” he began “I’m not going to hurt you.”
He reached forward and caught Kate just in time before the wall released its hold on her, “here you best sit down on the floor for a bit, you ok?”
All Kate could do was nod at her saviour, her bum felt numb, the denim skirt barely able to assist against the cold bathroom tiles, words failed her so she looked at him waiting for some kind of explanation not much else to do as her body seemed to have failed her as well.  She watched as the man returned to the door, as if listening for something, then he sat against it, holding his knees against his chest and looking deep into her eyes, he looked tired and drawn, the lines either side of his eyes etched deep with worry, she wondered how old he was and what he was doing at the party.
“My name is Stanton and I, well I don’t know where to begin, if you bear with me I’ll explain but something strange has happened here tonight and it looks like we’re the only ones still awake.”
The fog of words slowly cleared through the haze in her brain, “You’re American?” is all she could manage.
“Yes” he replied.
“Where from?” she managed to slur coherently.
Stanton sighed, “Vermont.” The girl just nodded, it was clear she had not understood his meaning.
Leaning his head back against the door he listened carefully, no sound, no music, no movement, he was beginning to wish he hadn’t started this investigation, curiosity in the occult had always got the better of him.  Too late now, now he was locked in the bathroom with a drunken girl, someone else for him to worry about, how was he going to explain to her what was going on when he really didn’t know himself.
“What’s that?” she asked, wrinkling her nose at the sweet smell, her voice now becoming a lot clearer.
Stanton looked to where she was pointing, a purplish mist had begun to seep under the door and with it came whispers from the hall outside, and it didn’t sound good.  “Quick, throw me the towel.”
Kate reached up to the sink beside her and thrust the towel in his direction, with as much force as her muscles could take, panic pushed the adrenaline through her veins as she stumbled over the words, “Is the house on fire? oh my god! we’re gonna die.”
Stanton held his hand out towards her and gently moved his palm up and down in a motion to calm the girl, “It’s not a fire” he mouthed quietly, then he put his finger to his lips to silence her, turning his ear back to the door.

Clarintor stood in the grand hallway of the house like a statue looking down the hall where Kroil advanced towards her, anger welled up inside, refusing to admit defeat although hope was fading with the unique pulse that had called to her, bringing her here on an ancient promise.
She already knew the news would be bad, the pulse was growing weaker.  In a second Kroil had reached her, “Something is not right mistress, I sent the boy to keep watch from the garden, he attempted to signal but something blocked his attempt and he is no-where to be found, I knew he would weaken, a liability.”
Clarintor raised her sharp bony hand quickly, Kroil flinched as he anticipated pain, she took his face in her hands and brushed her thin lips gently against his as she whispered, “All is not lost, the pulse is weak but still here, we will check the garden, the boy must have seen something.”
As they left, their movements so swift and graceful as if floating on the mist which surrounded them, Clarintor paused down the hall, her hand reached for the handle of the door she was drawn to when Kroil shouted, “Quickly, there’s something down by the lake.”

A pair of frightened eyes shone in the forest through the evening light, it was a strange light that glowed iridescently from the many orange hues that it possessed.  The eyes caught that glow and glinted in the evening sun, pale sage green eyes that watched silently the scene before them.  
In the forest clearing, the tall pines cast deep shadows across the purple carpet of dense heather.  On the far side a shadowy figure, tall and commanding stood high upon a great slab of dense rock, imposing against the sky as a fine mist began to rise and linger above the heather and on the breeze a soft angelic voice echoed across the landscape.  Almost like music the words enchanting as she moved in unison with her body.  The pale eyes un-flinched from the scene, the boy confused as to what had happened to him, unable to take his eyes from the figure, a blue light flashed through the mist, lighting up the dusk and temporarily blinding him.  As the light radiated out across the clearing the figure he had followed approached the woman, with a cloak of earthen colours it moved towards the other and bowed in recognition.  
The man spoke, “Tell Eldeen the task is complete, I shall let him explain what I have done.”
“What is wrong Al’ice? you are troubled, you are trembling.”
“Tell him the task met with an unforeseen complication, my strength has been weakened but I will return by daybreak, please be here cousin, I may need assistance.”

The only sound, their hurried breathing as Stanton held Kate close in the dark of the bathroom, he had pulled her into a tight embrace in the hope this would calm her as he turned off the light.
They both watched as the doorknob of the locked door began to glow, the faint sweet smell of death on the other side.  Her young body trembled beside him, he only hoped she could manage to be quiet, although he had started all of this, the reality, he did not want to know what was on the other side of that door.
Kate hugged the man tightly as fear gripped her body at the sight of the glowing doorknob, she did not understand what was happening but this was not the time to ask questions, somehow she knew she could die, the only comfort, she was not alone.  Burying her head in his chest she drank in the smell of his musky odour a mixture of aftershave and manly sweat as her mind raced, holding the image of his face behind her eyes.  His gorgeous hazel gaze beneath chestnut curls, the square set of his jaw, the perfect nose and perfect teeth, truly an American, this could be her very last memory.
Stanton held the young girl close and knew he had to save them both but he had left the answers in his haste to chase after Julianne, the answers or what he had hoped were the answers lay in the book he had studied, the book which now lay on the table back in the dining room.  If what was on the other side of that door found the book it would know he was on to it and he didn’t even want to think of the consequences of that.  He would have to calm the girl down before he explained the situation but was unsure about the best way to go about it, hopefully she could help, if only they could manage to get out of this bathroom alive.
He had just turned 20 and shared a dorm at Wellington University with Sam Mitchell’s brother Tim, when Tim had mentioned going home for yet another party weekend, Stanton had asked if he could go.  Tim got on his nerves most of the time, he was very immature for his age and liked to brag about his parents wealth, he had a legion of female hangers on but Stanton was pretty sure it wasn't Tim’s personality they were in love with.  Stanton had an ulterior motive for coming here this weekend, he had been here only once before when they had first become roommates, from his first visit he had been astounded by the vast library at the east side of the two storey house, books were his life and he drank in the knowledge as he read, Tim hardly noticed when Stanton disappeared for he was far too busy entertaining his harem, usually beside the pool.  He did think his roommate was a little odd though preferring books to women and had never invited him back except this time when Stanton had appeared more keen than ever, something to do with an amazing discovery from one of his dads old books.
The story had engulfed Stanton and had seemed almost real that he had begun researching the facts in every spare moment once he had returned to Uni, fascinated with the macabre and mysterious.  Now it seemed as if what he had been investigating had begun to enfold before his very eyes.
The rest of the house had fallen eerily silent, he flicked the light back on and observed the young girl before him, “Are you alright?” she nodded silently as her deep brown eyes bore into his.
Holding her at arm’s length he began to explain, “This may seem a little odd just now but we need to find my book, not just any book, this will hold the answers to what has happened here tonight.”
Kate stared at him lost in the confusion of it all when the reality set in, she had to find Jol, before her dad turned up, what time is it? Glancing at her watch it was 11.46, Crap! Jol’s dad would be here very soon, all feelings of sickness had already drained away, Kate was feeling a lot close to normal as the panic set in, “Listen we had better hurry up, I’ve got to find my friend, her dad’s coming to collect us at midnight and if we’re not…….” she had started to breathe in short fast bursts.
Stanton stood before her, his hands resting on her shoulders, it was clear she had not grasped the severity of the situation and now she was hyperventilating.
“Slow, deep, breaths, that’s it.  Look, you come with me to get my book and I’ll help you look for your friend, after what just happened we should stick together don’t you think?” he cocked his head towards her, “I don’t even know your name?”
“Kate and thanks Stan.”
“Stanton!” he replied looking at her with those gorgeous eyes of his, what colour were they?  She realised he wasn’t as old as she first thought, just a lack of fashion sense.
Kate grabbed for the doorknob in her haste, “Come on then, there isn’t much time.”
Stanton held her wrist tightly, “From scared stiff one minute to sheer bravado the next!” he shook his head at her in disbelief, “have you forgotten already what just happened?”
Kate let him pull her hand back as she stared at the alien doorknob as he spoke.  Letting go of her wrist, he lightly touched the knob with the end of his jacket, nothing happened, then he tried his finger tip, still nothing happened.  He put his whole hand around it and began to turn slowly, Kate waited, wondering if a rush of smoke would engulf them.
Stanton turned to her, put his hand to his lips once more and mouthed silently “follow me” holding out his hand. Kate gladly took it and followed him out into the darkened hall, there were no lights just the light of the full moon through the windows, she allowed him to lead her forward expectantly, her heart racing with fear and excitement all at once.
Down the hall they crept and Kate wondered why it was so quiet, had everyone else been hiding too?  Stanton stopped at a door and taking in a deep breath he opened it.
Kate put her hand to her mouth to stifle the gasp, before them a huge table with eight kids slumped around it, he let go of her hand and stepped forward putting his fingers against the nearest boy’s wrist to feel for a pulse.  Gently he placed the boys arm back on the table and turning to Kate he whispered, “Still alive.”
“What happened?” Kate whispered back.
He was now crawling around on the floor under the table, his head appeared between two lifeless bodies.
“Not sure” he replied, “it's like they’re…..” startled in his tracks as he bumped the chair beside him dislodging the girl’s arm which swung down, her hand slapping him in the face.  Kate saw the funny side and tried not to laugh as he quickly scrambled to his feet, pushing his curls back on his head, “like I said, it’s like they’re all asleep, like in a coma or something.”
“What were you looking for?” asked Kate as she studied the red mark he was rubbing on his cheek, caused by the abrupt slap.
“My book, it’s not here.”
“Well where did you leave it?” Kate was growing impatient.
“Right here” came his disgruntled reply.
Kate thought for a moment, “Oh!……….well let’s find my friend, we can look for your book at the same time.”
Stanton looked down at Kate, she had a beautiful dark blemish free face, pretty brown eyes and stood at least a foot shorter than him, “So I help you find your friend and then what, you both leave me to sort out this mess?”
“Oh!……………..well, you could always come with us, they will wake up right?”
“I’m counting on it chick, I don’t think your friends dad is going to like me tagging along somehow though.  Look let’s just find your friend and I’ll think of something, what she look like?”
“Oh crap! well she’s kind of just a bit taller than me, mousy shoulder length hair, um.., jeans, uh.. black rimmed glasses, oh and a top like mine but in a kind of jade green.”
Stanton stared at her, his face devoid of all colour.
“What’s wrong?” asked Kate, “you look ill.”
“Is your friend’s name Julianne?”

Jez could feel his heart beating, stronger than ever before, the blood pulsing through his veins, yet he still could not move his body.
His mind was racing, racing with his body across a vast lawn, he wasn't sure where he was going but his instincts drove him forward towards a strange building, he realised it was the summerhouse at the Mitchells place.  He had been there before with some girl, his shoulder felt heavy and the girl slumped across it never moved or uttered a word.
This girl was different and he knew that this was a different situation, his mind raced searching for answers that didn’t come, this was such a vague memory and he began to wonder what the hell he had done.  Fear of what he was about to witness stopped him, he laid the girl gently on the bench inside the summerhouse as he caught his breath, staring down at her limp body he saw a young girl, couldn't be any more than 16, she was petit with shoulder length hair, there were red marks either side of her nose.
He scanned the ground outside, she must have been wearing glasses but he couldn't see them anywhere.  As he turned back, her eyes were open, she didn't scream or move but just stared at him.



Chapter 4

It had almost been like sitting exams all over again, you know that fear that grips you before entering the exam room?  The moment Alice had spoken through the Ouija board the same fear had taken over my body, I can’t believe he is dead.  My heart is heavy with sadness for my cuddly ball of comfort, as my mind buzzes with the consequences of what’s happening.
Trying to get my bearings, my body jolts against rock as I realise the rock is some guy who is running with me slung over his shoulder, holding my legs tight against his body.  What the hell! I can see the blurred outline of the house moving further away from us with each jolt.  My glasses, I’ve lost my glasses, but that’s the least of my worries, who is this guy and what the hell’s going on!
The night is still, apart from his laboured breathing, of all the predicaments to get myself in, this doesn't feel good, where is he taking me and why?  I feel weak, too weak to fight him especially from this angle and he must be strong if he can pick me up and run off like that.  As soon as he puts me down I’ll, what? run? fight? 
Finally he slows up and gently lays me down on a hard cold bench, I get ready to punch him in the face if he comes closer, I look at his blurred image before me,  strange, I ready my fist but I don’t feel so scared now as he kneels beside me, my heart is racing to an unsteady beat.  I can almost feel the same vibes from the stranger as I just make out the outline of his face, I can see his eyes, such a piercing blue, piercing through the fog towards me.
A yellowish light glows hazily from behind him, my vision disabled I hear a screeching sound and a thud before the guy slumps forward, his face punching me in the stomach.  I wish I could see what was happening as the he turns to face his attacker, there’s more noise and what sounds like punches.
I can still feel the force of his heavy head when his face returns through the fog, he strokes the hair from my face, “don't be scared, I am here to protect you.”
I try to lift my arm, his eyes dart to my wrist as he notices Grans band, his hand reaches forward to touch it, I want to tell him No when I notice he wears a similar band, how can that be?  He holds my hand tenderly and touches my band with the tips of his fingers, as our bands connect there is a blinding flash.

Tonight was the time of the gathering, held at the centre of the village, the large area covered with animal hide pulled taut and supported by thick wooden poles which hoisted the cover above the ground protecting the area beneath from the elements.  There were a few houses of stone dotted around and a river which carried on down through the valley shielded by the jagged mountains that rose on either side.
The gathering happened twice each year when the people would descend from their homes in the mountains and meet with their chief, there was a time when they would meet every month but the disease had slowly put a stop to this.  Tonight only those fit enough to eat had feasted on venison whilst the women assisted the weak with their mixture of runny gruel.
Finally the chief arose and spoke to his people, he was very old and stood awkwardly as he leant on his staff, the amber head of which began to emanate an orange glow across their faces.
They sat and watched in awe as Eldeen spoke to his people, “people of the land, Jannes Ore Luisenn, our miracle is upon us, very soon we shall see if the prophecy is true.  When she arrives please do not crowd her, I am aware that time is of the essence but it will take time to explain the severity of our plight.  I call upon you all to be patient with her.”
Eldeen knelt before an old man, his body laid out beneath a thick blanket, his bony torso contorted with pain, “especially you Fyest my old friend, I will do all I can to prepare her, I do not want to lose you, no-one else can play Kirds like you can, a formidable opponent.”  
The crippled old man smiled at his friend as Eldeen tapped him on the shoulder and rose to address the people again, trying hard to conceal the fact that he knew his old friend would not live to see another day.
“Go now and prepare yourselves for our visitor, I will call another meeting when the time is right.”
The people began to disperse, each one stopping to kiss the hand of their chief before disappearing into the night, back to the warmth of their homes.
Eldeen helped his friend into the closest dwelling and sat with him a while.
“It is a full moon tomorrow Eldeen, will you sit with me at the water’s edge when it is time?”
“Anything for my closest friend” he nodded in reply.
Eldeen walked slowly up the stone steps towards his own cottage, he knew what waited beyond the entrance, this confrontation had to be dealt with but it would make it no less painful, he hated to upset his granddaughter in this way.  To his amazement she was not there, pacing the room waiting for his return, surely she had not forgiven him over their earlier argument so quickly.
He warmed his tired old hands by the fire and sat there staring into the flames mumbling in a strange language, the flash of light from the doorway broke his thoughts and he turned to smile as his granddaughter entered the room.  She stood before him, a striking figure of a woman, with long blonde curls with a streak of black on the left side, at six foot tall with angular features like her grandmother and huge brown eyes, her body is well toned - perfectly proportioned with strong muscles, she could fight any man and win, at least the fight he expected now would only be verbal.
“You have thought about what I said?”
“I have done nothing else grandfather.”
“You do not wish to chastise me further for my actions?”
“What is the point, what’s done is done.”
“You surprise me child, it is not like you to give in so easily.”
“WHO SAYS I HAVE GIVEN IN?”
“Now that’s more like it, give me some fight girl.”
“Grandfather do not push me, my anger runs deep.”
“You should get it out of your system before Jol arrives, you do not wish to frighten her.”
“She has never been frightened of me! Perhaps I will direct my anger at my cousin, he was all too quick to do your bidding, after all you are just a weak and frail old man.”
“Your words cut me, Cooper I’m not as frail as you think!”
“I know, I know but you should not push me grandfather, I find this situation difficult.”
“Yes child I am aware of that, I have only brought forward this situation, you would have had to deal with it in a year anyway.”
“Brought forward to save your own friend when the rest of our people have been left to suffer?”
“You believe me to be selfish in my act, Fyest has many talents I do not wish to lose, but alas, you are wrong, he is close to death, I am not selfish, merely protecting the future…”
“Right now, I am more concerned with what Al’ice had to say…….”
“You should take it easy on your cousin, you know he would not refuse me, he will need your help by the sounds of it, not your anger.”
“True, he did not look well, I wish he had time to explain further, do you think Jol has been hurt?”
“I do not sense it child, but you must prepare to help when they arrive…”
“There could be danger? Do you think someone, something else has become aware of the power she harnesses?”
“Cooper, I may have incredible powers but I know no more than you do, you should go now and prepare.”
Eldeen sat back in his chair, his eyes closed, he had lived for a very long time, only now he was tired, more tired than he had ever been.
Although still angered at her family, Cooper recognised the weariness in her grandfather’s face and placed a rug around his shoulders, “you should rest, I am leaving now, next time you see me I shall have our precious Jol with me.”  
She pecked him on the cheek and turned to leave, at the door she turned back and said “I forgive you for now, but as for Al’ice, he’ll keep!”

Kate realised she had been staring at him with her mouth wide open, Stanton stared back not saying a word, at last Kate managed to speak, “What did you mean, is your friend Julianne? how do you know who I’m talking about? did you meet her earlier? where did you see her last?”
Stanton was dumbstruck, he didn’t know where to begin when there was an anguished cry from the garden, like a strangled cat, the air around them became icy cold, he turned to the door and shut it quickly, Kate was by his side in a flash holding on to him tight, “Stanton what was that and why can I smell cherries?”
He whispered, “I don’t suppose you know of another way to the library without us having to go back down the hall?”
She frowned at him, “this is no time to go looking for your bloody book! what’s out there?”
“Shush!” moving closer to her ear he whispered, “Kate, we have got to get out and fast, forget the book, the library might be our only chance.”
Kate was confused, the library their only chance? the place was full of bloody books, what was he up to?  She looked down and watched as the purplish mist like before hung below the gap under the door, her eyelids felt heavy.
Stanton pulled her towards the kitchen through the door on the opposite wall, Kate’s mind snapped alive and she knew what to do, racing ahead of him, pulling at his hand she led him quickly through the door to the back of the kitchen and the huge laundry room out back.  Stanton didn’t speak, just followed obediently as Kate seemed to know where she was going, through the glass back door they could see clearly into the night, the moon seemed to glow more brightly than ever.  Kate slowly turned the key in the lock and they ventured out into the night, creeping along the side of the house she saw more of the sleeping bodies through the windows, piled all around the rooms, she hadn’t realised earlier just how many kids had been at this party, her focus had only been on Gregor, ugh! she shuddered at the thought of what had happened, she would never be able to look him in the face again.
They were just about to round the back of the house when Stanton stopped her, they pulled back behind the wall, in front of them the lawn was awash with the mist, fanning out in all directions.
“We could just run away?” Kate suggested to the back of his head.
“And what good would that do, you want to save your friend don’t you?”
“What do you mean save, what’s happened to her?”
Kroil stood facing the back entrance to the house waiting for a response from Clarintor, it was not good, the electric pulse was so faint now and not the same, it was still new and different but not the same as before.
He glanced to his right, had that been a noise? he listened intently, no, nothing, perhaps just an animal, he did still have his mistresses scream echoing through his ears, he would investigate once she had decided his fate.  She was angry but perhaps he could save some dignity, locate the source of this new current in the air.  Oh yes it was elusive, yet never before had a situation arose such as this, she was pacing up and down the hall before him, she stopped at a door, hesitated then thrust it open, sniffing at the air, muttering something incomprehensible. 
The sweet smell of cherry death filled the air as she turned back towards him, teetering in the doorway, “Kroil, I do not have to tell you how angry I am……………….this infernal country eluded me once before, do you remember?”
Kroil nodded in agreement, yes he remembered.
“I vowed then never to return……………tonight was different…………….such power at my fingertips……………………never the like seen before………………….I cannot understand how it can just disappear like that…………………we need to find that power before one of our brothers become aware of it………………….imagine what we could do!”
Kroil waited silently, he knew better than interrupt when she was like this.
“Pity about the boy…………………….I had got used to having him around……………………..YOU will stay, this new pulse is not unlike one I’ve felt before and if I’m not mistaken could be useful if we can harness it………….I shall return and study my scrolls, for an angels power has many hexes to protect it from the likes of us……………….it is no coincidence, I am sure that both powers should materialise at once………………………find this one and it will lead us to the other…………………..I will return within the hour, you had better have good news for me then!”
Stanton slowly took his hand away from Kate’s mouth where he had placed it to silence her, they both sat against the corner of the house, the sky so black, where were the stars?  It couldn’t be that cloudy, the moon had been really clear and so bright earlier.
She felt Stanton’s whole body stiffen beside her, she was desperate to ask him questions, he seemed to know what was going on but for now it made sense to be still and as quiet as possible.  Her breathing seemed so harsh and ragged she struggled to control it, placing her hand in the pocket of her skirt, Jol’s skirt, she wrapped her fingers around the stone Jol had given her, clenched in her fist she thought, ‘some bloody crap stone this is, bring me luck, huh!’
She began to worry deeply for her friend, where was she and what had happened to her?  Jol hadn’t wanted to go to the party but Kate had forced her, said she’d have fun, this was turning into the worst bloody party she had ever been to and Jol's dad would be here soon, what time was it?  Kate looked on her wrist, her watch had gone, it must have fallen off, Crap! Crap! Crap! and her cell phone was in her bag, she must have left that back in the bathroom, Crap!
Kate looked back at Stanton, the worry lines were back on his face and he was gripping her hand so tight it almost hurt, he was crouched like her, their backs against the wall but there was something odd about him, he had his eyes closed as if concentrating on something, she needed to know the time, perhaps he had a watch on?  She looked down at his hand holding hers and lifted the sleeve of his jacket she could not see anything, the other arm she couldn’t see from this position, Kate nudged him on the arm, nothing, she poked him in the chest, nothing.  Growing impatient she kicked at his foot, he was wearing brown loafers under those tight blue jeans definitely no fashion sense but no reaction either, she didn’t want to try it again the scuff of her shoe had made such a noise which seemed to echo across the night.
Her arms and legs were starting to get cold and she wished she had listened to Jol when she had told her to wear jeans, Kate nudged him on the arm again, again nothing, she studied his face, what is he doing? what is he thinking?  Taking a deep sigh, there was only one thing for it, she leaned in close and kissed him on the lips,  Stanton opened his eyes and smiled at her with a boyish grin which belied his age.
“Come on Kate, this is our chance, how do we get to the library from here?”
Stanton had waited until Kroil and his mistress had left the back of the house, Kroil wandered back in the direction of the lake and he now knew from listening in on the conversation that the female demon was a force to be reckoned with and would return within the hour, there was little time to waste.
Kate had been stunned at his re-action but took him by the hand as they ran across the back of the house, their bodies hunched over and past the gated pool, towards the opposite side of the house where a large wooden conservatory led back into the house and a separate hallway which led to the library.
Kate had never been in the library before, she had never been interested but she knew where it was, she had a great memory, she may only have been five the last time she was in this house but had great fun playing hide and seek with all the cousins until the argument and mum dragging her off by the arm, she had been told to keep out of the library though that’s how she knew exactly how to get to it.
They entered a room so vast that her whole house could have fitted inside, every wall from top to bottom covered in books with a large fireplace opposite the door surrounded by three plush white sofas facing a large thick polished wooden table. Wow! It was like looking at a movie set, this would have been a great place for hide and seek, probably would have wrecked the white sofas though with their muddy shoes from the garden.
She watched Stanton as he began scanning the books on the far wall, totally engrossed in the walls of knowledge, he was pretty good looking though for a geek, maybe it was the accent that did it, Stanton turned and caught her smiling at him.
“I thought you said forget the book?” she asked.
“I may have lied to you a little, but I’m now looking for another book, the one I had, well let’s just say I was heading on the wrong path………..”
“Do you have the time?” Kate asked suddenly remembering her earlier frustrations.
“Yep, it’s 11. 50”
“Is that all? I thought it was well later than that, look Jol’s dad will be here any minute and……………..”
“What did you say?”
“Jol’s dad will……”
“Who’s Jol?”
“Julianne, my friend.”
Stanton sank down onto one of the sofa’s, his head in his hands, Kate watched his chestnut curls bouncing around through his fingers, he looked tired and dejected as he sat back and looked at her.
Kate didn’t know what to say next, she hesitated and his eyes followed her as she sat down beside him.  At last she found the words, “just tell me what you know, we have less than ten minutes before I have to face Mr Serason.”

The painful memories, the only pain Jez could feel.  He had no idea, the extent of his injuries, his body numb from the medication. He wanted to escape the memories but they came like waves, flooding his senses.
He hardly ever spoke to his grandfather just to say yes, no and thanks. The old man worked him hard on the farm even from the tender age of 5, but he kept him fed to a degree with a roof over his head and a warm clean bed.
Jez's life had been tainted with death and hatred and he rebelled against the system. He hated school, hated rules and hated authority. He was his own free spirit but spent most of his youth in trouble and grandfather didn't even care, as long as the chores around the farm were done.
His grandfather had flung a small cloth bag at him the night his mum had left him forever, the night she swam with dolphins. A glimmer of human decency ever to grace the old man’s conscience. ‘She wanted you to have that, I've burnt everything else so don’t go mithering me and get to sleep boy we've the cows to milk in the morn.’
The bag had contained a small old leather bound book weather worn and beaten but the pages were intact except for the edges.  Each page contained a short verse of words that had made no sense, as if written in a different language. Jez treasured this and over the years had studied the words carefully. He never discovered what language they belonged to. The bag also contained a black leather wrist band with green stones in the centre and raised silver studs around the edge, pretty cool!
A shadow washed over his eyelids, a shadow of the girls face, the girl with the wrist band similar to his.



Chapter 5

Cooper raised the staff high above her head and began her daily ritual, each morning she would practise the ancient art of Kalchai, a form of fighting with sticks, except you only used the one stick made of genus wood, this would be taller than its user, each end pointed ready for the kill in an attack.
Of course their people had always been friendly, there were never wars between them and one wondered where the ancient art of Kalchai had originated.  Cooper remembered the wise man who had told her the ancient art must be mastered in case of attack, at that time back on their homeland this had seemed incomprehensible but maybe this was the attack the wise man had foreseen.  It was always good to prepare, the trouble was there were only two such staffs of this kind left, genus wood no-longer existed and the reluctant Eldeen was far too old and fragile for Cooper to spar with now.
She had put on a more fitting garment for battle, a tight yet thick brown leather bodice with a flared attached skirt allowing for more movement than the toga garments her people were more accustomed to, the only warmth from her heavy cloak on this very cold morning.
She did not practice beside the river as usual, the controlled movements with grace, but stabbed at the air with great force upon the rock of the clearing, if Al’ice brought trouble then she would be ready, Jol had to be protected at any cost.
The early morning air was very still as if devoid of oxygen, the faint sweet smell of the incense pored upon the funeral pyre gently wafted into the clearing.  Eldeen’s oldest friend Fyest had given up the fight as predicted and as such had been cremated, he did not have the dignity of passing between the two moons as were customary in their homeland, no he was to part this world in an incongruous manner.  She had not the time to pay her respects this morning but her grandfather would understand the task at hand was far more important to the future of her people.
The first rays of sunlight broke the surface on the horizon at the same time a great crack of thunder reverberated across the clearing, the rays were subdued as the skies began to darken.
Cooper crouched, ready in attack position, staring out to the clearing in front of her, the ground shook tiny vibrations enough to unsettle any ones nerves, but she stood steadfast, waiting.  Before her the air wobbled as if something had broken through the surface of water and with the next thunderous shudder three bodies stumbled through the hole in time.  
Placing her staff to her side, Cooper stood and studied the dishevelled mess before her, it was clear these figures were the only ones to arrive, the wobble in time had corrected itself, the dawn resumed its awakening.
In the growing sunlight she could clearly see Al’ice supporting Jol on one shoulder whilst another man gripped her waist supporting her on the opposite side as if she were too heavy for either of them to carry.
She stepped from the rock towards them, concerned for Jol, glancing quickly from the stranger to Al’ice she asked “what is wrong, is she hurt?”
Al’ice shook his head as she stepped forward to take the weight, “I believe she has just fainted with exhaustion” he replied.
Cooper looked at Al’ice’s broken and bloodied nose then at the strangers black eye, “I’ll take her from here” she nodded to the stranger who was reluctant to release his grip.
“Is this the complication Al’ice to which you referred?”
Jez held his arm tight around the girl’s waist, wincing with the pain in his chest.
“Yes and no, there was another” replied Al’ice.
“Friend or foe?” Cooper directed at Jez.
He glared at them both still holding on tightly to the girl’s waist, “I could ask you the same question” he managed in reply, his lip had begun to bleed, his jaw tight.
Cooper stood now directly in front of him centimetres from his face, studying his one good eye, looking down at the awkward way he was holding Jol she replied, “friends then, for now.  It is clear we all have Jol’s best interests at heart but let me carry her, you have broken a rib if I am not mistaken.”
Jez glowered at Al’ice who despite his broken face managed to smirk in one-up-man ship.  She was right of course, he had broken a rib before, falling from his bike on the old dirt track back on the farm, the pain was identical and he wondered how she could tell.  Jez stared right back into her inviting eyes looking for any hint of deception, he had always prided himself on being a good judge of character, she seemed genuine enough but he didn’t trust the other one, the source of his pain.
“We can fix the rib back at the village, we should take Jol there, this is no place for her to be hanging around in her condition, she should be laid down, more comfortable don’t you think?”
“Cousin just take her to Eldeen, whilst I finish him off!”
Jez tensed at the words, not releasing his grip, Al’ice was already recovered, bouncing on the balls of his feet, ready for the fight.
Cooper raised her hand in command, “you will do no such thing, Eldeen will want to meet our new friend?”
Reluctantly Jez relinquished his hold on the girl to the woman who stood before him like an amazonian warrior, he had never met such a woman before, she scooped the girl up into her arms with little effort.
Ignoring the pain in his chest, Jez swung towards Al’ice, his fists raised poised for the fight, “come on then you girl” he taunted.
Cooper stepped between them “Enough!” she bellowed at them both, “you can perhaps finish this silly feud only once you have spoken with Eldeen!”

Stanton paced up and down in front of the fireplace as he retold the evenings events to Kate, he stopped when she re-acted to the words ‘Alice and Jol’ from the séance.
Kate explained how Julianne let only her closest friends call her Jol, it was a pet name her grandmother had called her but that she hadn’t seen her grandmother since before the accident that had claimed her mum and brothers life and that her father had brought her to live here on the Kapiti Coast where her mum was originally from, he thought it would help, a new start and all that.
“Then who is Alice?” asked Stanton.
“Well this is going to sound really weird…”
“Anymore weird than what’s already occurred here this evening?” he replied.
“True, well Alice is her cat.”
“What?”
“Told you it was weird! Come to think of it he went missing earlier and she was really worried about him, he never goes missing, you sure it was A.L.I.C.E?”
“That’s what was spelled out.”
“Far out, but you haven‘t told me why you did the séance in the first place, was it just for a bit of fun?”
Stanton sat back down beside her, taking her hand in his “you’ve got to believe me Kate I didn’t want this to happen.”
Kate rubbed his hand in consolation, “it’s ok, and it’s not your fault.”
“Oh but it is, I knew something would happen, I wanted something to happen, stupid, stupid fool that I am….”
Kate stood abruptly and backed away from him, “What are you talking about? You’re beginning to frighten me again…”
“No Kate I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it like that, please, please let me explain.”
Kate sat on the sofa facing him, her knees together, with her hands gripping them, her knuckles white, she glared at him in disbelief as he began his story, for that’s what it was a story, how could any of it be true?
“I should begin at University, I was sent there at an early age, far more advanced than others my age, but I found University difficult, at sixteen I was a lot younger than my peers who resented me, treated me different.  Excluded from their social activities but that was OK, I love to read books and immersed myself in the power of learning, a double edged sword if you like, it only helped to accelerate my grades which alienated me even further.  Then I put in for a foreign exchange, came to Wellington last year, you’re so laid back in this country.  My learning took a back seat for a while whilst I settled into a new life here, but I began to read about the occult and demons.  The subject fascinated me especially when cross referenced with the internet I fell upon something yet to be studied, to be investigated, going back through time there are stories, tales, legends even, of people vanishing during séance’s.  Not just any séance’s either, these are special, rarely conducted as not many know of the correct way to conduct the Ouija board.  Many kids have a go at it, but that’s all it is a half hearted attempt at something they do not understand. I studied the phenomenon and discovered that a demonic soul was behind these disappearances, I believed I had located the correct demon and after further investigation, I believed I had found a way to stop it.”
Kate shook her head, it was numbingly hard to understand, “This all sounds very Buffy, even Charmed, bloody hell Stanton, you’re nuts!”
“But Kate am I? think about what’s happened tonight, the purplish mist, all of the party now asleep, the music stopped and what about the strange voices at the back of the house, did you not wonder what the hell was happening?”
“Yeah ok, I did, I do! but what strange voices at the back of the house, I didn’t hear anything but your breathing when you were in that trance of yours.”
“Ah! the kiss, I haven’t thanked you for that, for bringing me back to normality.”
Kate blushed at the memory, she had felt bold earlier, now she was just confused, “Ok, so if you’re not nuts, why did it go wrong? why didn’t you stop this demon thing or whatever it is, eh?”
“Elements, too many elements all coming together at once, it seems your friend Jol had been selected as the target, I had placed patchouli oil under the table and all the chairs earlier today, this was supposed to have suppressed the demon, I have a containment vessel in which to catch it but I never had the chance.  Someone leapt into the room and stole her away, obviously not the demon I expected, as the oil had no effect.”
“So who was it?” Kate was starting to get interested again at this bit, maybe now she would get some answers.
“I have no idea…………..I believe though, he was someone trying to protect her, to save her from the demon.”
“Like a knight in shining armour?”
Stanton frowned at her, “you watch too much television!”
“You’re the one watching too much TV, containment vessel eh? that’s Ghostbusters, I reckon you’re confused and how do you know I don’t read books?” she replied indignantly.
“An educated guess.”
“So you think I’m uneducated is that it, just because I’m Maori?”
“Are you?” he replied, “I hadn’t noticed, sorry if my comments upset you, I didn’t mean to offend.” 
He walked over to her sofa and sat beside her again, “you ok?”
Kate rested her head against his shoulder “I’m sorry too, this is so intense, I just get tetchy when something’s hard to understand and I feel so’oo tired.” 
Kate’s eyelids were heavy, she closed them, ‘just for a moment’ she thought.
Kate woke up with a start, she had fallen asleep, weary from the alcohol, and hiding from demons, she sat upright at that thought, her neck sore from the way she had been laying awkwardly on the sofa.  Stanton sat down beside her and offered her a mug, “here drink this.”
“What is it?” she replied.
“Coffee, you did ask for it!”
“I did? where did you get it?”
“From the kitchen, where else!”
“What about the dem……..”
“I was careful.”
“Is everyone still sleeping?”
“Yep, like babies.”
Kate brought the mug to her lips, “Is there...?”
“Yep 2 sugars, I know.”
How did he know? bloody smart arse, as if reading her thoughts he added, “I asked you when you were sleeping, you talk in your sleep you know!”
She let the coffee slowly awaken her senses, it did taste good, she wondered what she had said in her sleep, hoping it was nothing about Gregor and what had happened earlier that evening, before she had met Stanton.  Kate shuddered at that thought, then remembered about time.
“Stanton, what time is it?” she asked him frantically.
He looked at his wrist “11. 59”
“What am I going to tell Jol’s dad, he’ll be here any minute, not unless he’s out there already, he’ll wonder why the music’s stopped, oh crap!”  
She put the coffee mug down on the table and rose to her feet.
“Where are you going?”
“To see if he’s there already.”
Stanton grabbed her wrist, “I don’t want you going into the rest of the house, it’s not safe.”
Kate looked at the coffee mugs, “well you did!”
“I told you I was careful, I’m not letting anything happen to you as well, don’t you think it’s just more than a co-incidence you didn’t get caught out by the sleeping sickness when all the others seemed to, your Jol’s friend, there’s got to be something in that.”
“I’m just lucky, what about you eh!”
“Yeah I reckon!” he replied, the two of them had both been lucky but then he thought he knew what he was doing.
Kate thought about what he said and put her hand in her pocket, yes the stone was still there, yes lucky she wondered.
“Look you know what car he drives right? see the high window above the bookcases, you look like an athlete, perhaps you could climb up and have a look, we might just be even more lucky and find him asleep at the wheel like the rest of the house, we’re quite safe here in the library.”
“Are you mad?” she replied “don’t demons read books? Is that why we’re safe?”
Stanton began to laugh, Kate was amazed that he could, he seemed so normal and quite good looking when he laughed, it was nice, “What you laughing at?”
“Kate honey, I climb up there with my weight I’ll probably break the shelves or something, just trust me, I’ll stay at the bottom to catch you if you fall if you like? Go up now and put your mind at rest, whilst I think what we’re going to say to this father of hers, I’ll explain about the non reading demons later.”
“Don’t they have some kind of ladder to reach the high shelves?” Kate asked looking around the room.
“You would think so, but oddly there does not appear to be one, here help me drag the table over to give you a head start.”

Cooper gently laid Jol onto a bed in the back room of Eldeen’s cottage and pulled the rug of fur up to her shoulders, both Jez and Al’ice were watching from the doorway, the closest they had stood together with no malice since their arrival, Al’ice a few good inches taller than Jez, both stood, concern etched on their faces.
“She’s alright boys, I think she will sleep for a while longer yet, she’ll be fine.”  Cooper nodded in their direction, Al’ice slowly turned into the other room and could be heard talking to the old man, Eldeen.
The room was dark with no windows, the only light source a thick candle recessed into the wall opposite the bed, the thick stone walls keeping the cold air at bay.
Jez wondered where they were, the area was surrounded with mountains, brown and ominous, looking down onto a valley where a handful of stone dwellings could be seen dotted along the riverbank.  He had been wary of his new surroundings, taking everything in so that he easily could find the path back to the clearing and their escape, he would stay for now and learn what they wanted with the girl, when the chance arose, they would make their escape and he would make sure she got home safely.  Why he felt so compelled to look after the girl, he did not know.  Pain dug at his chest again and he tried to not show it, they both would have to be fit if they were to make their escape and the return journey.  He was unsure of how they had even got there in the midst of his fight with Al’ice but he would find out the secret.
Cooper stood before him, “Are you going to let her rest in peace or stand there like an over protective father all day!”
Jez looked up at her with his one good eye, there was something curious about this woman with the deep brown eyes, fear abandoned his body as she studied his face, her own features strikingly tall and beautiful, he trusted her and this unnerved him because that was something else he couldn’t explain.
“Come into the other room and meet my grandfather, he is keen to know all about you, here let me wipe the blood from your wounds.”
Jez snatched the cloth from her hand almost afraid of her touch, “I can do it” he snarled.
The next room was the only other in the cottage which had one window on the left with wooden shutters opening to the outside, the door also had been left open to allow the cold morning air to greet the warmth of a fire sending smoke through the stone chimney on the outside wall beside the door.  On the far side a curtain pulled to the side revealed another bed.  The room was edged with what looked like wooden boxes topped with sacking stuffed with straw which served as low stools.  There was no table but a cupboard to the other side of the fire with a jug and crude carved vessels of various sizes, the fire held a large cooking pot suspended above the flame.
Jez opted to sit nearest to the girl’s open door.

Jez had woken from his slumber, but of course could not open his eyes.  There was that voice again, that had been calling to him in his dreams, 'Jerimiah, Jerimiah' and the sound of the waves crashing upon the rocks had woken him.  Disturbed by the sound, Jez could not understand what was happening to him, he had concluded yesterday that he must be in some kind of hospital but now he wasn't so sure.
As his mind wandered in and out of consciousness, he remembered being about 5 years old and standing by the rocky shore, tears streaming down his face, the knot in his heart tightening, what was wrong?  ‘Jerimiah, come now’ came the gruff man’s voice ‘it’s over, we have work to do on the farm.’  The harsh voice stabbed at his heart like a knife.
Jez had never known who his father was and mum had said very little about him, now she was gone.  The man beside him forced the lid back onto the clay pot and grabbed Jez's arm fiercely, so real was this memory he could feel the pain as if it had just happened.
Jez looked back toward the sea as he was dragged away, imagining his mother swimming with the dolphins which she had loved, her own fins growing where her legs had once been.  He remembered the man, his old git of a grandfather, was all he had left now.  He hated him, ‘that bastard she left me with’ was how he referred to Jez.



Chapter 6

I’m lying on a soft blanket, it feels warm and cosy, so, so soft, my thoughts of Alice and his soft fur brings tears to my eyes.  Distracting myself from the pain I concentrate on my surroundings, the bed smells of pine, like sleeping on a forest floor of soft pine needles, the room smells earthy too, with my eyes closed I can easily imagine being outdoors, lost in the countryside walking beside my father and brother on one of our famous walks.  I don’t remember much about mum when I was little, Dad was our main caregiver, when the weather was fine we would head off into the country where he would teach us about the plants and trees, it was only later he admitted he had no idea where we were going but somehow always managed to find his way back to the car.
I don’t want to join the others just now, lost in the comfort of my memories.  I can only remember a blinding flash followed by the conversation when I arrived here, wherever here is.  I’m dreaming of course, I must be if I have two men fighting over me, perhaps that’s my deepest darkest wish, to be wanted.  Dad always told me that dreams were a confused snippet of what you had witnessed during the day, weird, I don’t know where any of this could have come from, I can’t remember what happened today.  ‘You should pinch yourself.’  But was this a nightmare? To wake from nightmares I pinch myself awake, I ready my right thumb and forefinger and placed them next to my thigh.  I can’t do it, there are bits of this dream I long to remember, the strong arms that hoisted me aloft and carried me here to this soft bed, the dulcet tones of the man named Alice, how strange he should be called that.
I sit bolt upright, my eyes wide as they drink in my surroundings, so it’s true, I feel ashamed, I had not been dreaming at all, I had deceived them all with my eyes held shut, my consciousness told me the reason was to hide the embarrassment that my eyesight is so bad I cannot see without my glasses. Damn it! What happened to my glasses? I try to remember, a hand on mine, I saw a leather band fashioned the same as mine yet different, the flash that brought me here.
I listen in wonder at the voices through the wall, trying to figure out where I ams and what’s happened.  I don’t feel threatened in any way, quite calm really as I listen to the soft melodic voice of the man named Alice broken with the deep tones of anger from the stranger, he doesn’t say much but I can detect a tinge of pain in his voice, I wonder how bad his injuries are.
As I listen, flashbacks come to me of what had happened, the séance, had this man with the anger in his voice saved my dignity, was he the one with the piercing blue eyes, I remember now, but who is he?  The anger in his voice, it’s not really anger I can tell, he seems confused and hurt, in so much pain but he’s trying to hide it and who are the others? The woman, whose strong arms had carried me, her voice seems powerful, the warmth and tenderness strangely familiar, I wonder if I have met her before.  I lie back on the bed, much more comfortable and concentrate on what the voices are saying.
“So you are a friend of ours it seems but we are at a disadvantage, I am afraid I had not foreseen your arrival or we would have been better prepared to greet you.”
Eldeen shot a look of disdain at his nephew.
“My name is Eldeen, my family are a little more gracious usually with visitors, for that I am sorry, your name friend?”
Jez sat and looked at the old man who stood before him, he normally would have stood in respect for someone of this age but he was in great pain he was keen to hide, the old man spoke well but did not show emotion, Jez could not read him, it was clear from his manner he was in charge of the situation, this did nothing though to lighten Jez’s mood.
Eldeen soaked in the wariness of his visitor, age had taught him to be patient, unlike young Al’ice who paced back and forth by the door, the anger evident from his expression.
“For goodness sake Al’ice will you sit down or leave us” snapped Cooper who stood beside the fire.
Al’ice hesitated, glared in Jez’s direction then continued pacing, his eyes never leaving their unwelcome visitor.
Jez heard the sigh from the woman’s lips and smiled to himself, ‘Al’ice, such a girl’s name!’ he thought.
Wincing at the cut on his lip as he spoke, “my name is Jez, what do you want with the girl?”
“Ah! so you cut to the chase already, for me to explain, you must explain also, this seems fair does it not?” replied Eldeen.
Jez glared back at Al’ice, his staring was beginning to bug him, if he could manage to stand he would love to punch him again, he directed his next reply at the smug son of a bitch!
“I saved the girl, not you, you’re no friend of mine, ALICE.”
The pacing stopped and in the blink of an eye, Eldeen was in front of his nephew, his hand on his chest, speaking in a strange language which seemed oddly familiar to Jez.   Al’ice replied with fire in his eyes, it appeared he was arguing with the old man, the woman then stepped forward and intervened, the unspoken look from her was enough to send Al’ice back out the door and away from them.
Eldeen reached down and steadied himself upon the stool nearest him, he suddenly looked less imposing and frailer as he nodded in gratitude at the woman.
She poured a liquid from the cooking pot into one of the wooden mugs and handed it to Eldeen, then returned to pour another which she offered to Jez.
He looked down into the warm liquid, the strange smell reaching his nostrils, he looked at her questionably.
“Do you think I would poison you with the same drink I have given my grandfather, you will like it, it is not dissimilar to what you would call mead, perhaps?”
Jez took the mug and sipped the drink which tasted surprisingly good, he had heard of mead but wasn’t sure what it was, from medieval times or something like that, maybe he should have paid more attention in History.
The woman sat opposite him, he marvelled at her muscular yet athletic legs that seemed to go on forever and wondered how old she really was, at least 10 years older than him he guessed.
“My name is Cooper, my grandfather here has agreed to let me talk to you and explain, this is not our way, we have always known all the answers in the past, except one…………”
She paused as if distracted by her thoughts, “that is no concern of yours, but you must understand, we have no knowledge of you and how you came to be here, I believe you when you say you were saving Jol but I want to know why?”
“Is that her name, Jol?” he replied dabbing at the blood from his mouth with the cloth.
“Yes, you do not know her?”
Eldeen leaned closer to listen, curiosity etched on his face, this distracted Jez and unnerved him, but he continued, “No, how do you know her, Cooper?”
Cooper glanced at Eldeen who shook his head in one fierce nod, “she is family.”
Confused is one word for it, how can these strangers be my family? I sat up so fast the blanket fell from my shoulders, I shudder at the sudden cold and quietly push myself to the edge of the bed to listen, pulling the rug back around for warmth.
Jez heard the slight movement behind him, he had always had fantastic hearing, that’s how he had never been caught back in his wilder days, he sensed now that Jol was listening to the conversation.
“I don’t believe you, the old man wants you to hide something from me, what do you want with her?”
Cooper looked back to Eldeen her eyes pleading with him, his steady gaze did not falter, whatever it was he would not let her tell.
“She is like family to us, she carries a gene like ours.” Cooper glanced frequently at Eldeen as she explained, it was clear with each word, she was checking she had not gone too far.
“Al’ice was protecting her, keeping her from harm, like a brother with his sister or a sweetheart protecting his intended, do you understand?”
I stifle a gasp, this Al’ice, could it be the same? No! That’s not possible, surely?  I loved my cat, cuddled him and slept with him on my bed, revealed to him all my innermost thoughts and secrets, no it’s insane, it’s just crazy, how could the man with the gorgeous voice be my cat? Oh shit! My nerves get the better of me and I start to nibble at the dry skin around my fingernails.
Jez had heard the gasp from the room behind, so this Jol didn’t know about any of this, interesting.  He didn’t know the girl, but already sensed her shock at this revelation and he had to admit, the sweetheart idea didn’t sit well with him either.
“So they are an item? Does she know about this?”
“No, I didn’t mean, you’re getting it all out of context.”
“Then why did he attack me?”
“When the séance began, Al’ice had to act fast, there was an evil, an evil that had detected her presence and then you took her, he was acting on impulse.”
“He was jealous you mean that I got to her first, protecting his sweetheart, remember?”
Eldeen banged his staff on the hearth, making them all jump, “Enough, I am tired, you will leave me to rest, it has already been a very long day, I bade farewell to a very good friend of mine this morning young Jez and I am perhaps not well enough for this conversation.  You will leave me to grieve and compose myself for the rest of the story you will tell later.”
Jez looked at him in surprise, he had not been expecting this, but he sensed the old man was telling the truth.
Listening to the silence behind him, he wondered why Jol did not come out of the room, she was clearly awake, perhaps the shock had been too much, he wanted to check if she was ok but felt the boring eyes of Cooper upon him.
“Please leave me now young ones, the girl will be fine, perhaps you would be so kind young Jez to allow my granddaughter to see to your rib, I cannot stand to see you in such pain any longer.”
Cooper motioned for Jez to leave and moved forward to help Eldeen to the bed behind the curtain.  Jez held his arm across his chest as he rose from the chair and emerged into the morning sun to assess the lie of the land, the air was still bitter cold though and he wondered as he stood outside how Eldeen had sensed the pain he had been trying so hard to conceal.

It had been much like the gym at college, Kate loved gymnastics and loved climbing the high wall bars, although once or twice she managed to dislodge a book from its housing much to Stanton’s annoyance.
“It’s ok” he would shout retrieving it from its undignified landing, “the spines a little shaken but it’s going to be fine.”
As if she cared about some dusty old book, “Sweet! What about me then?” Kate replied smiling, as she teased him.
“No you’re fine, I can see plenty from here, and you’re definitely looking fine to me.”
Kate felt her cheeks flash hot and she didn’t look back as it dawned on her what she was wearing, he would be copping an eyeful.
Nearing the top, it wasn't that easy and with each step the window seemed to get further away, how high was this bookcase?  Running on adrenalin, she looked up to her destination, forging on.  She paused, her knuckles tense with fear gripping on to the shelves as the first crash of thunder broke over head, followed by an almost instant flash of lightening.
“You ok hon?” shouted Stanton, concern in his voice.
“Oh! So a flash of my legs and I’m your hon now am I?” she replied.
“What?”
Maybe it was just as well he couldn’t hear her above the thunder, this wasn't the kind of adventure she had in mind whilst chatting with Jol over their future.  Kate wanted to travel the world and meet all those different people out there but her part time job at the coffee shop didn’t pay much and it was taking forever to save up the air fare.  Jol had promised to go with her if she promised to stick in at college next year to gain the grades to get into nursing, her second dream once the OE was over.
Kate had finally reached the top and the relative safety of the small window ledge, she sat back on her legs, there, no ogling up her skirt now!
Experts would tell you to keep away from windows during a storm but Kate never listened, she loved storms and could always be found leaning up against the biggest window to watch.  This was no different except the windows were tiny, Stanton shouted something about getting down, she ignored him.
It took a while for her eyes to focus on the scene before her, she could see the sweeping driveway, the trees either side were swaying violently and heavy rain began to lash against the windows.  The two gargoyle statues at the entrance remained on their plinths whilst some rubble had been scattered across the drive, she couldn’t make out where it had come from, in amongst all the debris she could just make out a car with its head lights still on.  She perched in the corner and peered through the rain soaked glass towards the lights of the town below, there seemed to be no sign of destruction down there.  All around looked pretty calm except for around this house, debris was flying around in circles outside as if dustbins had been lifted and emptied of their contents, bits of tree as well, it was as if they were inside some kind of tornado.
Kate shouted to Stanton what she could see, but he couldn’t hear over the deafening roar of the thunder.  He was shouting back, he seemed fractious but the words were lost on Kate as she looked back to the car parked out front.  She could just make out a body inside slumped over the steering wheel, a strange thing then happened, the swirling dust cloud outside seemed to part revealing a calm still night above them, the awful noise of the storm had dissipated and they were left with the whispering howl of the wind as it caressed the side of the building.
Looking back to Stanton they both agreed in unison, “the eye of the storm.”
Kate could see the outside clearly now, the sky had a kind of bluey/orange hue which cast the strangest shadows across the driveway and up against the house.
Looking towards the car she realised, it was Mr Serason, there was the telltale dent in the front bumper, with Kate’s encouragement Jol had taken her dads car keys whilst he was having one of his migraines, she had wanted desperately to have a go at driving.  In her excitement she hit the gas when she turned the key and the car lurched forward straight into the front door step.  That was the end of driving for her.  Kate had repositioned the car as before and they never said a word, neither did Mr Serason, he either hadn't noticed the bump or thought that he had done it himself.
She looked towards the trees in the drive, she felt as if someone was watching but she couldn’t see properly, turning back to the dent in the bumper, lost in her thoughts, awoken to reality at the sight of her friend’s father, he had suddenly sat bolt upright grabbing at his chest as he appeared to scream in pain.  He slumped forward and fell against the horn, the sound muffled with Kate’s screaming from inside the window.
“What is it?” shouted Stanton, there was no response.
Kate sat and stared in disbelief at the apparent dead body of her best friend’s dad, it looked like he had suffered a heart attack, his face still, she could just see the white of one eye staring, tears began to stream down her face, the sadness of it all, finally taking over.
“Kate, honey, what’s wrong?”

Down by the lake Kroil ceased his search for the boy, supposed to be searching for the light pulse that he and Clarintor had detected, his mind had been distracted by the boy’s disappearance, the storm in his mind echoed around the house.  He had his own motives, Clarintor unaware of the bond between him and the boy as he had fought so hard to disguise it.
Before his death many centuries ago, he was about to become a father, his wife did not cope with the pregnancy well and at six months, the spasms of birth had begun, the fight too much for them both he had buried them the next day, his wife and still born son.   Grief had sent him on the rocky road to ruin, slowly the decline in his character took a hold on him until his eventual demise.
Such had been his crimes, he did not get to join his family in death, there could be no heaven for the likes of him.  Lost in the darkness between life and hell, he came across many others like him, wandering in anguish at their fate.
Magore had taken his soul, groomed him into the demonic slave he become, he would do his masters bidding, there were no choices now, this was his eternity.  The underworld was a constant fight to the death for power as the demons jostled for position and acceptance from the Grand Master, second in command to the High Lord.
Clarintor inherited his talents when she disposed of Magore, a powerful and crazy demon, he wondered what she must have been like in life, a callous and evil female, he had been surprised when she took a liking to the boy though, he was  jealous of her divided affection.
The boy had become an asset, slave to them both and over time, Kroil elevated in status, partner to his mistress he had progressed to visiting the living, devouring their bodies and soul for enjoyment. 
Aware that any emotion was a show of weakness, he hid his fondness for the boy who had re-awakened memories of his past, he wondered how good a father he would have been.  They became close and had worked on a project together.  One the boy had been all to interested in, transfiguration of the body.  They had achieved their goal and were biding their time to use this new found power to dispose of Clarintor.
Where had the boy gone? He could not just disappear like that.  He walked with the dead now, unless another demon had taken him?  No, that was not possible, he had known of no other ready or willing to cross the path of Clarintor.
There was the faint trace of an energy lingering within the summerhouse at the lakeside.  Had the boy somehow managed to follow the others?  Kroil could not understand where they had gone, the likes of his kind could wander the world, track their enemies with ease, only an angels touch would give protection, this was very unlikely as the heavenly beings rarely wandered in the same circles as his own kind without good reason.
Forty five minutes were left before Clarintor’s return, he already knew that tracking the pulse was impossible, the beat so faint it seemed to dart in all directions from within the house, no, he would have to leave the search for the boy.
Moving gracefully towards the house, he hoped the boy was safe and would find a way to return, he now had little time to search the whole house, no point in tracking the pulse as it moved too quickly, he would have to search every soul within until the source of the pulse was detected.

It must have been all too much, the shock that Alice was really a man because I had fallen asleep, now awake I had no idea of the time but could detect daylight from the room beyond, as I rubbed the sleep from my eyes I saw my bag still slung across my shoulders.  I opened the small leather pouch and looked for my compact, great! my face just a blur as I hold up the tiny mirror, I must look like shit.  I lick my fingers and attempt to rub away what looks like mascara marks from beneath my eyes, so much for water and smudge proof, I should write a letter of complaint to the company, the blackness proof of its failure to comply.
The only other objects the bag contained, my cell phone and old emergency phone that dad insisted I carry.  I squint at the screen on the new model as I hold it centimetres from my face, no messages no missed calls, no connection, my eyesight had deteriorated so bad over the past year it was frustrating.  Now I remember reaching into my bag and switching it off just before the séance, how considerate of me, well you can just imagine it, ‘is there anybody there?’ and then my cell phone goes off.  I allow myself a small chuckle of regret, now how funny would that have been! Maybe it would have been a blessing in disguise saving me from my current predicament but then who would have rang, not dad, he promised not to interfere and not Kate, she was at the party with me.  Oh shit! Kate, I have to find out what time it is so I can get back before Dad turns up.  I’m lost with no communication, reality dawns that I will have to get up and face the others, all of whom I don’t know.
Sitting on the edge of my bed I pluck up the courage to walk to the open door, a blurred image appeared, I can sense the person watching me as I listen to the voices from the next room.
“How much longer will she sleep?”
It is the lyrical voice of the man called Alice, my heart does a little dance as I blush at the memory of what I had heard before.
“Stop pacing Al’ice” came a woman’s voice from the blurred image in the doorway, “when Jol is ready?” talking towards me now, “I will allow you to speak with her.”
How long could I put off this meeting, the woman quite clearly knows I am awake and listening to the conversation, the butterflies in my stomach were doing cartwheels, better to get this over and done with, I had to learn what was going on from these people.
I look towards the blurred shape in the doorway and nod my head, “I am ready.”
There sounded like a scuffle beyond the door then as quick as a flash he was there walking towards me, was this Al’ice? I could not tell and then he spoke.
“Hello sleepy head, it’s about time, I was worried about you.”
The lyrical voice confirmed my fears, my cheeks were hot, I’m nervous but I have to reply, “I.I.I‘m sorry, I cannot see you, I seem to have lost my glasses, who are you?”
“Jol, it’s me Alice.” He approaches the bed, his blurred image getting larger, “may I sit?”
I edge backwards to allow the man room, careful to put some distance between us as my heart dances in my chest from fear and anticipation, a quick glance at the blurred shapes in the doorway, tell me the others are watching.
‘Be calm’ I tell myself, I have no reason to be scared, I should not fear these people, but that didn’t stop the fear inside as I asked the question.
“Alice, my cat?”
“Yes, I am your, was your cat, please do not be frightened of me Jol, I was sent to protect you, want to protect you…” he held out his hand and touched mine gently.
His fingers are warm against mine, intrigued I turn his hand over and trace the lines of his long fingers placing my palm into his, this was indeed the hand of a man.  I pull my hand back, what am I doing? I’m suddenly aware of the intimacy, I can’t do intimacy, the consequences are too great.
“I still can’t see you properly, are you truly a, a man?”
“Please allow me, I can help you to see for yourself.”
He lifts his arms and I can see the blurred shape of his hands approaching my face, I flinch just before he touches me. 
“Jol I will not hurt you, trust me.”
He touches each palm to either side of my face, cupping my cheeks, he begins to massage the side of my eyes with his fingers, it does feel good.  I relax and close my eyes in response to his voice, the voice is low almost a whisper, such strange words in a language I do not understand.  His beautiful voice is singing to me in a foreign tongue, it sends shivers across my body as the goose bumps erupt on my skin.

Jez had joined Cooper in the doorway, he had wanted to enter the room to make sure this Al’ice would not harm the girl but Cooper had barred his entry, as he watched the scene before him, his emotions pricked at the sides of his heart, his mind telling him not to care, she was not his worry anymore, he turned and took a seat by the fire.
He lifted his t-shirt and inspected the bandages wound tight around his chest, Cooper had placed a thick gloopy mixture across the broken area before binding him tightly.  Although reluctant at first, her touch had been gentle and he unwittingly enjoyed the attention.  The mixture had a strange smell which he could still detect but his ribs had amazingly felt less sore as the day wore on and he found breathing so much easier.  Just two days she had said he would need to wear the bandages, he would never had believed he could heal so quick if it hadn’t been for the release of pain he already felt, only some form of magic could perform a miracle like this.  Magic such as that which Al’ice was now performing on Jol, he had no doubt that he was healing her eyesight, Jez did not have the stomach to watch him perform this miracle.
It seemed like a couple of hours had passed during which Cooper had tended his wounds and then Al’ice had returned, no mention of what had happened before, neither had spoken to each other, the unspoken glare between them enough to show both how they felt.
Jez felt even angrier at the apparent normality of Al’ice’s nose, only a short time before, the evidence of his hefty punch which had dislodged it into a bloody mess and now it appeared normal, no one could tell it had even been broken.
Cooper sensing his disbelief explained, “ you did quite a good job on my cousin, no more than he deserved, but we are lucky that we can heal so fast, I sense your disappointment but not to worry a couple of days and you will be better, although the bruise on that eye will take longer I fear.”
“Open your eyes Jol and tell me what you see.”
I feel the most warming sensation behind my eyes like when you lie in the warmth of a sunny day with your eyes closed.  The warmth cooled as Al’ice took his hands from my face.
I start to open my eyes slowly and am taken aback at the clarity of my surroundings, the young man sat before me has a mane of shaggy hair, golden orange in colour and tied loosely at the back, his eyes are bold emerald green and seem to sparkle with excitement as he looks at me, “Can you see me now?”
I’m frozen by the handsome figure in front of me, I feel my cheeks grow hot as I open my mouth to speak but words fail me.  His skin looks so soft except for the tiny growth of hair across his chin, his face is thin and he looks tired.  His frame wiry, he appears to be quite tall even when sitting down but wow what a face, I’m dazzled by those kind glittering eyes as my brain races to catch up with my speech.
“Um yes, quite well actually” I finally manage, “Alice is that really you?”
He gently nods his head and smiles the kind of smile that could melt any girl’s heart. 
I open my mouth in surprise and “Oh!” is all I can manage.
He takes my hand, still looking into my eyes with those emeralds of his, I can feel the warm flow from his skin into my body, I feel relaxed almost like taking the first sip of warm cocoa on a cold night, he is magical, like a god I decide.
“Come and meet the rest of the family.”
Jez had been listening from the other room, he was curious to meet this girl but anxious that he felt like an outsider now, he didn’t want to witness the happy family re-union or whatever it was, he felt jealous at the thought and rose from his seat choosing to leave the stone cottage.
As he reached the door to leave the curtain pulled back and Eldeen stood looking a lot refreshed and even healthier if that was possible.
“Jez, where are you going?”
He had already turned his back on the old man and left, he had to get his head around what was going on and the way he was feeling.  To the left of the cottage a large rocky outcrop in the mountain looked inviting enough and he set off for the arduous climb to try and get his head around what was happening.

Jez was growing impatient, he desperately wanted to say something but his lips could not move, his brain the only part of his body that functioned.
He couldn't remember anything about why he was like this, just flashes of his past occupied his mind.  The nurse checked him again, “vital signs good, still no change” he could hear her pen scratch across the paper as she wrote up his notes, "ok JD I’ll see you later"  Jez could hear her voice, she sounded old and kind like  what he imagined a grandmother would be like.  Her voice a distant echo as he fell back into the darkness.
Jez felt the heavy hands pumping at his chest before he heard the commotion, the long dull continuous beep and footsteps running around frantically.
A jolt passed through his body, the pain unbearable followed by a calming mist, a purple haze that engulfed him and a voice that he recognised.
The pain deep in his chest poked at his muscles, each movement excruciating.
Up ahead he could see the archway close once more and a figure which beckoned to him, he moved closer and the figure evaporated into a thousand bats pouring from the opening towards him.  Falling backwards onto a thick carpet, amongst a sweet smell that met his nostrils.
The long dull continuous beep returned to its steady rhythm.



Chapter 7

Stanton had climbed on the table to help Kate from her hasty descent, he now held her in his arms as she sobbed into his chest, the tears soaking through the cotton of his shirt.  A little unsure of the best way to handle a situation like this, he held her close, one arm around her back, the other hand cradling her head as he waited for the sobs to subside.
He looked at the books strewn across the table and floor, sent flying as she had almost fallen into his arms and sighed silently to himself at the destruction.
Stroking the back of her hair he wondered what the hell had happened.  He whispered, “It’s alright honey, it’s alright, I’m here.”
Kate was comforted by his voice, the twang of his accent as he called her honey, so wonderful it made her sob even more, the whole emotion of the evenings events had broken to the fore, the floodgates had opened and she fought hard to close them again as each sob welled up inside, lining up to burst forth from her mouth.
He had no idea what she had seen through the window but was only too glad to have her back in the relative safety of his arms as the storm raged once again outside.
Kate was managing to quell the sobs and compose herself, she pulled back from his wet chest and looked up into his eyes, “Sorry” she blurted.
Stanton looked at her puffy eyes and wiped the final tears from them, concern etched on his face, “Tell me what happened?”
Kate swallowed the last sob forcing it back through the pain in her chest and began to speak.
The crack of lightening overhead drowned her voice and a loud crash sent glass showering them from above, Stanton had instinctively shielded Kate’s body against the bookcase as a large Pine thrust at the window above them.  The force of entry breaking the window, its frame and the wall above, the tree shot forward like a javelin, stopped only in its tracks through the thickness of its branches that finally wedged it in the gaping aperture above.
The bookcase had become detached from the wall and teetered before coming to a rest, Stanton sighed with relief, sure that it was going to topple upon them as he watched the great trunk of tree wavering overhead then come crashing down upending the edge of the table.
They both slid from the table and landed with a great crash, just missing the back of the sofa.  Stanton’s body took the full force of the fall landing on his back as Kate landed on top of him, stunned she shook her head and quickly stood away from Stanton.
His eyes were closed, he had been knocked out cold, Kate knelt beside him and rolled his body over pushing it into the recovery position, thinking this the best thing to do, she had been unaware of the shards of glass that lay beneath his arm, the weight of his body pushing them through his jacket and into his flesh.
It had taken a lot of strength to move him, for a book reader he had incredible muscles, she sat back and gathered her breath into a steady rhythm, while she watched his torso rise and fall under the weight of his own laboured breathing, how long would he remain unconscious?
Kate shivered from the cold night air which now spilled from above, how could such a lovely warm summers evening turn out like this?  Edging closer to his body, she noticed shards of glass all around and began to pick them up carefully, placing them in a pile out of the way.  Sure most of it was clear she spooned into the back of Stanton’s body her hand draped across his chest checking the rise and fall of each breath, giving yet taking more warmth from his body.  What would be the best thing to do? She could fetch her bag from the toilet, get to her cell phone and ring for an ambulance but Stanton had warned her not to leave this room, what should she do, what should she do?
He let out a groan beside her, she hastily rose watching his face, “I feel like I’ve been hit by a ten ton truck” his voice wavered as he asked, “Kiss me Kate.”
She stared at him in disbelief, his eyes still closed, what the hell! perhaps he was delirious?
“Honey…” he asked searchingly.
Kate was a gone burger and leant in to kiss him tenderly on the lips, at first there was nothing, no response, then his lips parted and kissed her far more passionately then she had ever known, gasping for air she pulled back and looked at him.
His eyes were open and he smiled at her, “thanks honey, I knew that would do the trick.”
She stared at him in disbelief, licking her lips, tasting him against them, her eyes fell from his gaze a little embarrassed all the bravado from earlier in the night gone, what had he done to her?
As she helped him sit up against the back of the sofa careful to avoid his gaze, her hands stuck in the gooey mess of the back of his arm as something stabbed at her finger.
“Ouch!” they both said in unison.
Kate pulled back her hand and sucked on her bleeding finger,“can you turn?” she asked.
Stanton managed to move his body around a little and she could see a large cluster of glass protruding from his jacket sleeve, “You’ve glass in your arm, hold still I’ll try and get it out.”
Kate picked gently at each piece having to wiggle it slightly to prise it from the cloth, once all traces were gone she helped him out of his jacket.  Blood oozed down his arm from the lacerations, inspecting them closely she said, “ there’s one here that could probably do with stitching, the rest are just superficial, if I had a bandage I could wrap it tightly until we get it seen to properly, how do you feel?”
“Ok, safe in your hands nurse Kate” he smiled, Stanton realised he had maybe taken it too far earlier, Kate was finding it hard to look him in the eye but then what the hell!
“Here, I’ve got an idea” he raised his left arm and reached for the cuff of his torn sleeve, with one sharp tug, the seam gave way and he pulled the whole sleeve away from his arm,   “there see what you can do with that!” as he handed it to Kate.
She could now tell from his exposed arm how well he must work out and gently tore at the fabric making a couple of thinner strips to tightly wrap around his huge bicep.
“There that’s the best I can do” she shivered as another gust of wind whistled 
through the pine needles and into the room.
Stanton lifted his jacket and put it around her shoulders, “I think you’ll need this more than me.”
“Stanton, what do we do now?”
“We’ve got to go and face this father I guess ………..”
Kate hung her head and realised she had not had time to explain before, “He is outside in the car, but we’re too late, he has suffered a, a …………..”
Kate stumbled over the words, Stanton put his hand to her chin and lifted her face to his gaze, “what did you see?” he asked concerned.
Kate explained about the car and how Mr Serason had clutched at his chest, slumping forward against the steering wheel, one eye staring out into the darkness, it was difficult for her to explain, how could this evening get any worse?
Stanton looked lost in thought for a moment before rising unsteadily to his feet, Kate jumped up to help him.  He began searching through the fallen books around the upended table until at last he found what he had been looking for.
The old volume was a deep burgundy leather bound book, battered around the edges with faded gold writing on the side, Kate could not make out the words, they were either too faded or written in Latin or something, “what is that?” she asked.
Stanton led her to the nearest sofa, where they flicked off any traces of glass before sitting, one arm of the sofa was now covered in pine needles and stained green from the intrusion.  Kate knew white sofa’s were a bad idea.
“I happened to notice this before when, well just before that tree entered.  The writing here on the edge is in the same language of the voices before.”
“I didn’t hear the voices remember?”
“It’s an ancient dialect, much like Latin.  I have found this in many demonic books, it took a while to decipher, but I am almost there.  There were two voices outside and they called each other by name, Clarintor the dominant female and Kroil her servant.”
“Who are they?” asked Kate.
“The female demon Clarintor is the one I believed who stole the souls of those I mentioned earlier, from the séance’s.  The fact she was here has confirmed my suspicions, if things had gone to plan then I may have been able to contain her then hopefully finish her off with the ancient halesh ritual.”
“But things didn’t go to plan, a man took Jol away, can you work out how to find her?”
“Maybe Kate, maybe, I am hoping there will be some answers in this book. Clarintor left but will return soon, she has left Kroil to search for a trace of…………well I’m not sure yet but it is clear from what was said, they have no idea of Jol’s whereabouts either so that is a good thing.  This may be boring for you, please be patient, I need to search the book.”
Stanton had returned to serious mode, which was a good thing if it helped explain the night’s events.  Kate studied his face as he read, the lines creeping back around his eyes as he frowned and fanned forward a few pages to another section of the book, he rubbed at his brow as he digested the foreign words, glancing once up at Kate and seeing the concern on her face he took her hand in his as he continued to read.
He stopped, his finger resting against the text beside the picture of what looked like an angel.
“Kate, can you look in the bookcase behind us, see if you can find another book like this, this is only volume one, there must be at least one other.”
Kate stood from the sofa and pulled her arms into his jacket wrapping it across the front of her body, she looked up at the opening thrusting the cold night air into the room, white flurries came through the aperture gently floating to the ground, the deafening roar of thunder and lightning flashes had been replaced with a cool wintry air.
“Stanton.”
“Ummmmm.”
“Stanton, it’s snowing…. It never snows.”
He looked up from the pages and watched as more flurries of snow blew through the opening landing onto Kate’s hair, brilliant white against the black before melting.
“We better find that book Kate and fast, I’ll help.”

As I walk into the other room, I’m awestruck at the humble surroundings of the stone cottage, the same earthy smell of my room echoed in this one.  The door to the outside is wedged open and I see the glow of the sun slowly ebb to be replaced with a greyish tinge to the sky, the air blows through the opening, I can feel a chill in the air.
The woman named Cooper throws another log onto the roaring fire, the warmth keeping the cold air at bay as I wonder why they keep the door open on such a cold day but then I suppose it must be the only natural light to enter the room apart from the small window to the left of the fire.
Al’ice leads me to a stool and sits beside me still holding my hand as if to comfort me, my stomach flips at his attention, I can’t believe he’s my cat!  He comes across all protective, it’s quite sweet but a little unnerving, I shall have to push all thoughts of the furry bundle I once knew to the back of my mind.  Once worried that Al’ice was lost, now here he is larger than life and holding my hand, the warmth radiating from his body comforting as I try not to stare, my cat is quite remarkable.
The trip to the vets plays on my conscience, how could he bare the indignity, I feel embarrassed and ashamed at what I’d done to him, but then I didn’t know.
Eldeen is lovely, such a dear old man, I’ve never really known any old men before, my father’s own father had died before I was born, cancer of the bowel, dad hardly spoke of his father and it was easy to tell that mum had nothing but contempt for the man.  Now my mother’s father is a totally different story, no-one knows anything about him except Gran of course but she always changed the subject when asked, all I could tell is that Gran must have loved him very much, you could tell that much by the look in her eyes.  Mum always thought she had been born out of wedlock and that’s why Gran never spoke about him.
I have to listen for once as Eldeen explains about the evil which seeks my soul and how Al’ice and Jez had rescued me, I’m not sure how Jez fits into the story and can tell the others are not so sure as well after listening to the stories earlier that day.
Cooper is staring at me warily from her place by the fire and I have to admit I find myself reciprocating her look, I am unsure of how to take the great warrior woman, she looks fantastic and I pale in comparison.
Eldeen continues to talk and I feel detached as if I’m listening to a tale of someone else, he reminds me of my dad, I don’t know why.  Oh my god, dad, he will be frantic with worry, Eldeen pauses and I seize my chance to interrupt.
“I am worried about my dad, he would have turned up at the party to collect me at midnight and by now he’ll be frantic with worry and my friend Kate, they’re both probably at the Police Station giving them my details…..”
Eldeen raises his hand to silence me, “do not worry so, little one, it is not yet midnight at your party, perhaps we can think of something?”
“But can’t I go back now, there’s still time…………….”
“NO. It is not safe for you now.”
He became scary there, shouting at me with the forcefulness of his statement, I turn to Al’ice for comfort.
“Perhaps?” added Al’ice “yes, hmmmm,” he begins pacing the room and I watch, waiting. 
“I will return and put a sleeping drug into your fathers coffee, he always has one about 11.30, if I add enough to keep him out until the next day we could then leave him a note, pretend he picked you up from the party as planned and the next day who should turn up but your grandmother, keen to show you around, you leave a note that she has taken you on a road trip for a week, that should give you time to get to know us all here and time for the evil one to give up the hunt, what do you think Cooper?”
‘I think it sounds crazy.’
“He will expect Jol to contact him, he will want to speak to this grandmother, will he not?”
‘Oh good, at least she’s talking some sense.’
“Ok, not a problem, we’ll leave a message on the answer machine that Jol’s phone is not working and you’ll ring soon, Jol you can record a message on your cell phone? Perhaps Cooper can pretend to be your grandmother, I will transport the message onto the answer machine.”
It’s a stupid idea and dad won’t believe it but if I can’t go back, if I’m in some kind of danger then dad should know.  But where am I, what are we supposed to tell him, an evil thing or something is hunting me and I’m hiding out, where?  I suppose it will have to work, Gran always had a habit of acting weird and doing the unexpected but we haven’t heard from her in so long.  I suppose we can at least try but I don’t want to give up my phone, not even to Al’ice it’s my only link to my life.
Al’ice is watching me as I think it over.  I can feel the pressure on me to agree, what am I thinking! I can hear dads voice in my head now, ‘Take this old phone, it has $50 loaded on it.’
I remember protesting, ‘Dad what’s this, I already have a cell phone, what do I want that old thing for? and his response?
‘I seem to recall you have a habit of losing and breaking phones, this is your emergency phone for when that happens.’
Dad had become so overprotective since the accident, I can’t go anywhere or do anything without checking with him first.  It’s like a curse and it drives me crazy, when we arrived in New Zealand he had brought me a great phone, then presented me with the ancient Nokia, I stuffed it into my school bag and promised to take it everywhere with me just to shut him up.  Then it happened, I dropped my phone at College one day and it shattered against the concrete path, I had been planning to watch the basketball tournament after college with Kate and had forgotten to tell dad and where was my bloody emergency phone? stuffed in my draw back home.  He had been worse after that, after I had proven him right and it was unbearable, so the old thing goes with me everywhere now, I will give Al’ice the Nokia.
“Jol, what do you think?” he asks, pressing for an answer.
I’m nibbling at my fingers as I think, if it means I’m safe and dad actually believes then he might not worry too much, he always trusted Gran.
“I don’t know, it sounds crazy, I don’t think dad will believe that will he? hang on, what about Kate?”
Al’ice sat down beside me, “Jol, when the evil one comes, a thick mist precedes their entrance, this mist puts everyone to sleep for a while, it will be morning before Kate awakes, when she goes to your house to see you, your father will explain about your trip, all will be well, see?”
“I suppose, if it’s the best we can do.”
Eldeen nods in agreement, “it is settled, Al’ice you must go now, before you do I wish to speak with you alone, Cooper, you help Jol with the message, then I think it will be beneficial if you were to show her around the village before it gets dark.”
Cooper put down the mug she had been twirling around in her fingers and grabbed a cloak from the back wall of the room.
“Here, you will need this, it has grown colder.” She gently lowers the cloak onto my shoulders and I notice the wariness in her eyes, I don’t think she likes me that much.
“It’s alright child, come I do not bite, fetch your phone and we will record the message outside, then I will fill in the gaps of this story for you.”
Cooper is quite right, there were gaps in the story and many questions I’m eager to ask.

Jez sat at the edge of the great grey slab, his legs dangled as he watched the clouding grey nothingness engulf the sky adding more menace to the already bleak landscape.  He could see from here the great expanse of mountains which engulfed each side of the valley, the brown hues devoid of colour.  His thoughts returned to that morning and his arrival with the others, it had seemed like a lifetime ago when the flash had brought them to the great heather clad opening surrounded by trees, the thick dense carpet of purple pink colour and the heady smell of the flowers.
Jez had never seen such a sky, not changing in shade but coming closer to the ground.  
Looking out to the cottage he watched the woman Cooper emerge followed by a cloaked figure, they walked away in the opposite direction, too far for him to hear what was being said, but from the stature he realised it must be Jol.
He watched as Cooper spoke as they walked, the hooded figure nodding, he would like to know just what tall tales she was filling her head with, but why did he care so much?  He sat there racking his brains for an explanation, he did not believe it was just coincidence they were both here, he felt protective of the girl and a little jealous of that Al’ice but then why should he feel that way?
He had recognised the strange language in which the others had spoken, but could not remember where he recognised it from.  He would need to learn more about these people, if not only to find out how to return home.
At least he did not have to worry about missing milking the cows, only yesterday a truck had come to take them all to market.  His own grandfather had squandered the money from the farm and was slowly selling off all the assets to pay for his retirement, there had been no thought of Jez, what he wanted or needed, no reason to feed him even with no jobs left to do.
‘I am thinking of selling of the land’ he had said, ‘I don’t expect you to hang around.’
Nice sentiments from a grandfather who had always needed him to practically run the farm for him, free labour for the price of a meal and a roof over his head, they had despised each other but even now Jez did not know what to do, the plan so far was to head off on the open road on his bike, the only flaw being that he hadn’t paid the road licence for it yet.  He needed to get it fit for the journey first, now it looked like time was running out, Grandfather would not miss him that’s for sure.
No he would stay a while here, see how things would pan out, besides Jol had not even thanked him yet for saving her, he hadn’t given her the chance but he was damned he was going to let that bloody Al’ice take all the glory.
Aroused from his thoughts by a sound to his left, Jez leapt to his feet in a motion so swift he surprised himself, behind him stood the antagonist of his thoughts as he tried desperately to hide the pain erupting in his chest from the quick movement.
“Where the hell did you spring from?” he demanded.
Al’ice stood firm, his arms folded and smirked at Jez, “There is a lot you don’t know about me.”
“Come for the re-match then?” anger welling up inside, Jez raised his fists ready for the fight only too aware he still stood at the precipice.
Al’ice stood tall and proud holding Eldeen’s staff, Jez started to edge forward when he dismissed him with that bloody smirk of his.
“I would love to finish you Jez, but I do not have the time, against my better judgment Eldeen wishes me to inform you that a storm is coming and unless you wish to freeze to death then you should return to the cottage.”
He turned and in the blink of an eye had vanished round the side of the mountain much to Jez’s annoyance.
Jez turned back to look at the ominous clouds which sure enough had engulfed the top of the mountains, the air whipped around his body as the first flurries of snow touched his skin.  It was icy cold and much as he disliked being told what to do, Jez decided to quickly make his descent towards the warmth of the others.

The sharp grey rocks had been harder to climb than expected.  Jez wondered what he was doing on these rocks and why he had come here.
The sun left the sky to be replaced by a dull grey and a biting cold wind which he could feel stabbing at his exposed skin, the stabbing so sharp and raw, could this really be in his dream.
A sharp biting wind whipped at Jez, stinging his exposed skin, the only pain on his numb body, could death be so painful?
He had been slipping into nothingness only to be confronted with this!  He tried to move, test his lifeless body, so numb, it did not respond.
Now he could hear the howling of the wind as he slipped on the icy rocks beneath him.  The sensation of falling but he could not brace himself for the fall, the freezing blanket of snow enveloped his body as he landed jarring the once healing rib in his chest.
He could barely lift his face from the snow, the icy particles clumping to his eyes, he could manage to part them enough to see the treacherous path ahead.  Nothing but a blanket of snow engulfed the ground around him, hanging in the air like a dense curtain barring his way.  Jez wiped at his eyes and forced himself up, he had to keep moving, in the distance a pale blur of what he hoped was the cottage.
If he could just move his legs, the heaps of snow around him fought to hold him steady, I will not die here, I WILL NOT DIE HERE, this thought forged him onward towards the blur.
He tried to focus, he knew not to take his eyes off the shape getting closer, one false move and he would be lost forever.  Stamping his feet as he moved, attempting to force the blood through his veins, to regain any sense of feeling.
The shape came closer to him, with each step it blurred into focus, the cottage, a cottage, any cottage, it didn’t matter, he could see smoke from the chimney and where there was smoke there was fire.  The door was getting closer, his arms too cold and heavy to lift, if he could just reach the handle.  The darkness started to creep across his eyes as the handle moved further away from him, the small aperture of light closing in on him once more.



Chapter 8

High in the secret meadow hidden by the forest of pines which surrounded it, a pair of eyes peered out from under the huge slab of rock near the edge.  These pale green eyes belonged to a snake like creature but not like any snake seen before, his body coiled tightly containing the heat which kept him alive.  These eyes had born witness to the transformation from one world to the next, caught within the bright light emanating from the one called Al’ice, he had somehow travelled across time.
The eyes had watched the commotion as Al’ice returned with the others and the odd procession which descended into the valley, listening to the arguments as they left the clearing, he had been lucky, his coiled body wound tight like a spring ready for his defensive attack, he had been hidden from view in the dense carpet of heather.
The heather his only shelter from capture had almost betrayed him, the scented flowers pollinated his nostrils, which tickled with the air as he breathed, had anyone ever seen a snake sneeze before? This surely would have been a first.
To quell the feeling he dropped his breathing to a slow and shallow tone, his body began to shut down, inches from hibernation, his eyes the only movement on the scene before him.
The humans were beginning to leave when he stepped up his heart beat, he began to uncoil and propel his unseen body towards the ridge.
The great valley below held many obstacles, too much for this new born, best to sit it out in the clearing until someone returned and his journey back would be complete.
Kroil would be proud of him for following and locating their existence, he needed to return though, this the only second time Pete had managed the transfiguration into the creature that he loved.  The first time left him exhilarated from the experience but when it had only lasted an hour, he had been hungry for more.  Kroil suggested he try again whilst watching at the lakeside, there was no apprehension this time and he transformed quickly.
In secret they had plotted to over throw their mistress, both tied by a bond only she could break by their death or hers.  Kroil already walked the line of death, if she turned on him he would be gone forever, not even a distant memory on the sands of time.  He had been like the father Pete never had, he had mentored him in the ways of their world and together they had discovered the spell which would transform him into the creatures he loved.
‘A handy trick to have up your sleeve, young-un, once you can transform at will, Clarintor will be able to command your soul no more, you could leave but where would you go? Better to stand by my side, like father and son, once we have conquered and stolen her power as she did with my mentor, Magore.’
Pete had detected the bitterness in Kroil's voice towards their mistress, a bitterness he once held deeply when she had first taken him, tortured him into submission as her slave.
Two years were a long time fighting for survival in the underworld, Pete had to learn fast and soon forgot the world of his birth, now just distant shadows in his mind.
Clarintor unaware of their alliance and plan thought Kroil hated him, this the only thought which kept him alive, if you could call what he had become, alive.  One time she had decided to dispose of him and he could see her grinning as she reached into his chest to purge his soul, take it for her own gratification, her fiery wisps of hair alight like the fiery depths of hell, he imagined having never quite made it that far.
Kroil had interrupted her, ‘ah, about time too, I always hated the brat!’ and that was that, as if to aggravate, she dropped him, barely alive he lay upon the hard granite floor, discarded like an oily rag from a mechanics hand.
Clarintor knew he would survive and become the half dead creature of her bidding, Kroil harboured his true feelings, appalled by her actions.  Pete would have been better off dead, concern for the boy is what fostered their friendship and thanks to his new father, Pete felt more alive in his snake form.
His thoughts helped to pass the time until hunger set in, the trouble with being half dead is that you still need to feed your body, keep your heart beating, for Pete knew that once his heart stopped there was no turning back, he would be lost forever.
To his delight he had discovered a family of field mice picking their way through the heather, one strike and he had three in his grasp, the bones crunching as his throat drank in the feast, constricting to kill his prey.  Pete had struck quickly, hunger forcing him to devour the furry morsels, only once the wriggling had stopped and their lifeless bodies slipped gently further into his body did he gag at the thought of what he had done.  He felt more alive in this form but the routine of being a snake would take some getting used to.
He basked in the warm morning sun heating the rocks beneath his body, when the clouds had come without warning, taking the rays from his body and replacing it with cold icy droplets.  Pete watched as the first flurries gently wafted on the wind, the ice stabbing at his scaly skin as it landed.  He returned to the safety of the large slab and coiled his five feet of scales into a crevice, the rock protecting him from the weather, this was not good, the small snack would not be enough to sustain him through hibernation or even worse, Pete had no idea how much longer he could retain this shape.  Closing his eyes to his fate he waited for death, for surely it would come whichever form his body would take.
There was a thud on the rock which shuddered through his tiny brain bringing him back to life, something heavy had jumped onto the rock above, Pete strained to hear the strange words spoken in the lyrical voice he had heard before, un-ravelling his head he looked upward at the great shaft which came crashing down towards him, he darted to the left as the stabbing pain struck at what would have been his shoulder in human form.  
With a great flash of blue light that radiated out across the clearing, the air was still once more but for the flurries of snow now hugging the ground and the empty rock.

The snow was much heavier now and in a blessing had blocked up the hole in the wall above the bookshelves. 
If Stanton had realised the true power of the patchouli oil, they could have stayed within the safety of the dining room, strange how the mist had penetrated and sent the others into a deep slumber but now it had gone.
A growling rumble echoed across the room, the sound of Kate’s stomach reflected back towards them.
“I’m sorry” she said a little embarrassed, this was not like her at all, why did Stanton make her blush so much? “I must be hungry.”
He lifted his glasses, rubbing at the bridge of his nose, he checked the time on his watch, his body was stiff from the night’s antics and the congealed blood on his makeshift bandage pulled at his wound as he stretched.
“It’s 12.15, I suppose I could do with something, we have about 30 minutes before Clarintor returns, if we stick together and can avoid Kroil, then what do you think Kate, do want to risk your life for a possible last supper?”
“Well if you put it like that! What choice do I have eh? Let’s do it.”
Stanton stood in front of her and opened the door slowly, it gave out the most awful groan, creaking as if it had not been opened just half an hour earlier, and they both looked at each other in horror, dumbstruck at the sound which echoed along the hallway.
“What do we do?” she whispered to him.
“Oh, what the hell, come on” he replied grabbing her hand and making a run for it, they had only gone a few steps when he realised she was shaking, he stopped, turned and asked, “You ok?”
Kate nodded and pointed to the door on the right, Stanton grabbed the handle and pushed open the door gently onto the scene they had witnessed earlier but from a different angle, the others were still slumped against the table apparently oblivious to their fate, whatever that turned out to be.  Darting to the other side they stopped, their hearts beating a loud drum as they listened through the wooden door, all was quiet on the other side.
Kate and Stanton plundered the kitchen, well if you could call it a kitchen, moving in comparative silence.  The polished steel surfaces, gleaming from underuse held very little in the way of food.  There was a huge double-door stainless steel look fridge/freezer stacked with bottles of booze and a handful of ready-made meals for one in the freezer buried under the mounds of ice.  Kate found a tin of instant hot chocolate in the cupboard and decided to take a full kettle back with them and some mugs.  Stanton discovered a lonely packet of ginger biscuits in one cupboard and emptied the fruit bowl of its contents, 2 apples, 3 bananas and a pear.  There was a large block of cheese stuck at the back of the fridge so he grabbed that too, placing the contents on the bench, he began opening all the drawers.
Kate whispered “what are you looking for?”
“Ah, this!” he replied and pulled out a large knife from the drawer, “looks new, never used.”
Kate shuddered at the thought, “do you really think we're going to need it?”
He shrugged at this point Stanton was willing to try anything, “It’s for cutting the cheese,” he said unconvincingly.
“A little big isn’t it?”
“Well it wouldn't hurt to take it, just in case of course, let’s hope we don’t get to christen it on anything other than cheese!” came his reply.
As Kate scoured the remaining cupboards she added, “Surely the Mitchells don’t just eat those ready-made meals all the time, do you suppose they ever cook?”
“Probably not, look we've got enough let’s get back and barricade ourselves in before we're detected.”
Kate touched him on his good arm, “Stanton, I'm scared.”
He gave a smile and nodded, “I know, just trust me, together we can do this.”
Back in the library they tucked into their feast as if it were their last.  Kate had successfully made an attempt at the hot chocolate which they both savoured. 
“Where abouts you say you were from Stanton?” asked Kate stuffing another biscuit into her mouth.
“Vermont, the Green Mountain state” he replied.
“Oh, where’s that?”
“Just above New York on the map and below Montreal, Canada.”
“So if Vermont is a state, what town are you from?”
“Montpelier, the smallest state capital in the US, College Hill is where my folks stay.  Famous for the sugar maples, the foliage in the fall is spectacular, I would love you to see it.”
“Awesome, if we ever get out of this alive, maybe I’ll hold you to that.  Stanton, why are you and I not asleep like the others?”
“I’ve been thinking about that, I tried to run from it, I knew it was coming of course, but I can’t understand how we managed to prevent it from entering the bathroom.  There’s something about you Kate and I can’t figure it out but I’m sure you have the key to unlock the answer to that one.”
“But I didn’t know anything about this until you explained it all, I’m no different to anyone else here at this party.”
“You sure about that? Think Kate, what could be different about you, different from everyone else here tonight?”
Kate shrugged her shoulders and thought for a moment as she sipped the last of the chocolate.
“I’m Jol’s friend?”
“No, it’s got to be something more than that.”
Kate was now deep in thought, her mind racing, “Stanton, surely if I protected you earlier, whatever it is about me? then I can do it again, these demons can’t touch us, think about it, how did we get to the kitchen and back so easily, if they’re demons surely they would of detected us, I mean demons can do anything right?”
Stanton was nodding his head and flicking through one of the earlier books for anything he may have missed, “An angel’s power, that’s what Clarintor believes we are dealing with, she was attracted to Jol’s soul, protected by an angel? but how and why?  If she is sending these signals then somehow it has rubbed off on you, but different, that’s what they said.”
Kate watched him adoringly as he questioned his own thoughts, he was such a mind of information, a brainiac.  She smiled to herself, she was falling for this man, Gregor Jones paled in insignificance beside him.  Stanton was practical, resourceful, kind and cheeky! Oh yes he was cheeky, asking for that kiss when she thought she was losing him, definitely cheeky and she liked it.  Would he feel the same, would anything come of their strange friendship, perhaps he was like this with everyone? That thought hung there in her mind like a nuisance, nagging at her.
“Kate?”
She was momentarily lost in her thoughts.
“Kate, honey?”
That brought her round, she just melted when he called her that,“What?” she replied sheepishly.
“You were thinking deeply, what is it, have you thought of something?”
Kate swallowed, “Ugh no, I mean…….” she couldn’t tell him what she had been really thinking, she felt her cheeks redden again as she searched frantically for a response.
Touching the stone in her pocket, she found her reply, “Um, there’s this” and she pulled the stone from her pocket, “It belongs to Jol.”
“Kate that’s it, oh you clever girl, tell me what it is, oh I could kiss you.”
Please do, please do she wished as he leaned in towards her, but Stanton took the stone from her hand and held it up to the light, he had held firm not wanting to push her again like before.
“Righto…….well…….” she began.

Kroil paused at the door to the dining room, his stomach convulsed, how could this be?  Being dead had its advantages, no longer troubled by the weak afflictions of the flesh, he was puzzled by the strange feeling that was washing over his body.  He closed the door and the feeling subsided, what the hell was that? he attempted to open the door again, wider this time but the strange feeling hit him like a thunderbolt as he struggled against the force inside, pulling with all his strength to close the door.
He had never come across such a force.  Oh no! He lied, there had been the priest’s daughter, and he had not known that at the time until the hold gripped his body, frozen in time, she had explained that her oddly shaped pendant actually held holy water, a gift from her father to ward off demons.  That had been a close call that day, this was a different feeling though, just like the pulse he was tracking was different, he was beginning to despise this place, his mapped out plans were coming apart at the seams as the night wore on.
He had checked out the bodies in the party room and any others he had found on the way, he could detect heartbeats upstairs but not to the other side of the house, so upstairs he would go, the bodies in this room would have to wait for the return of Clarintor, she could deal with whatever lay within.
In the bushes beside the lake, Pete landed in a jellied mass of skin, his eyes locked in horror at the mess of his once body.  
One by one his bones began to click into place, each crack shooting pain through his body as it began to take shape.  The pain excruciating, he wanted to scream through the night as his eyes watched the figure of the man crouched just ahead of him, he stuffed his emerging fist into his mouth to stifle the noise.
He could not stall the transformation and stared ahead in horror as the man looked about him, sure to hear as his body creaked back into its human form.  Relief washed over him as the man raced off into the night, Pete watched his naked legs as the knees snapped into position and he knelt feeling each part come back to life.
The last time it had not been like this, so swift and painless was his re-emergence as a boy, perhaps the time travel had messed with his DNA.
His spine snapped the floppy neck taut and he assessed the damage, lifting his fingers to his shoulder, hot sticky blood dripped from his wound, something was not right, his right shoulder flopped in its socket.  Moving his fingers across the skin, he could feel the knarled pieces of his collar bone crunching as it stabbed at his muscles.
This was not good but then it could have been so much worse, he had no idea at the time exactly which part of his human form would be damaged when the staff came crashing down on him.
Pete crouched in the bushes, his body filthy from the mud of the clearing, he had to find his clothes, left behind the summerhouse in the shadows and only hoped they were still there.  He would then search for Kroil but could not let Clarintor know what had happened to him, she would be mad enough with losing the trail of her chosen one.
He sniffed at the air, his mistress’s odour still defiled his senses, he slipped effortlessly into the water hugging the reeds with his good hand allowing the tepid water to cleanse his body from that awful stench of the meadow and the earthen heather he had to endure.  His shoulder would not allow him to swim so he waded slowly towards the summerhouse, feeling more refreshed as he moved, careful to keep from view and not betray his position.
He could see his clothes now, still stuffed in the tight bundle.  He edged closer and pulled at the bushes to hoist him aloft, the leaves crushed under his fist and slipped gently through his skin as he lost his grip.  Pete fell backwards with a great splash across the surface, the water engulfing his senses as he submerged.  His right shoulder smarted with pain as he swam awkwardly to the side only coming up for air at the water’s edge.  Gasping for oxygen he stood still and waited to be discovered.  Several minutes passed and he realised how lucky he had been, he waded along the lakeside until he found a less steep bank to climb, somewhere with a good foothold.
Exhaustion took hold of his body, a sensation alien to him since his life had been sucked from him, the ragged remnants that remained kept him barely alive, his body favouring the eternal side.  He had felt life slipping away further at that first experiment which transformed him, realising it was only a matter of time before his humanity was lost forever.  He had no regrets, there had been no going back since that day Clarintor had purged his soul, Pete lay back on the grass, his wet body glistening in the light of the moon, he would rest here, just a while, hidden from view by the dense bushes, his modesty intact.

Jez had managed to open his right eye just a fraction, the left was too swollen, it still hurt to breathe, he felt as if he had been punched recently.  He watched as the nurse entered the room and made her way towards his bed.  As she approached he realised that she must be very old indeed, deep lines were etched across her face but she moved like she was much younger.  Her grey hair had been forced up into a bun beneath her head gear with a few wisps of black to one side, had he seen her before somewhere?
She approached the bed with smiling eyes, “Hello Jerimiah, how are you? On this fine day, not too shocked at how old I really am are you young man?"
She could tell that he could see her, but how? Nobody else seemed to recognise any change in his condition but this was the one with the angel’s voice and he knew that there was something special about her.
She held his hand and squeezed it and to his amazement he squeezed it back, some movement at last!
She bent forward to whisper in his ear and he could smell that sweet aroma engulf his nostrils once more.
“Jerimiah, do not rush, you need to gather your strength, do not let any of the others see that you have awoken.  I nearly lost you last night and I do not want that to happen again.  I shall keep an eye on you, but you must promise me to be still for now.”



Chapter 9

Al’ice stumbled to the ground and instinctively rolled into the bushes as he arrived back at the lakeside.  The journey had not been as smooth as it should, something had jarred the Kalchi staff which Eldeen had given him for protection, he had been lucky to arrive back at the same spot, anything could send you off course.
He inspected the great shaft of wood, it did not appear broken in any way but traces of blood were on the tip, perhaps from a previous encounter as the blood appeared old and dry, but with what?  Still he did not have time to waste, the purple mist now hugging the grounds masked his entrance and keeping to the shadows he sprinted off into the night, down the hill and towards Jol’s house, his second home.
He came to an abrupt halt as he rounded the side of the house, Mr. Serason was stood on the deck, peering down into the garden and banging what looked like a fork against a tin of cat food and calling for him.
Al’ice smiled to himself, at the comical sight before him, how on earth these people believed that cats actually liked that stuff!  Oh yes he had eaten the vile mush placed down before him, then ran off into the bushes to be sick, all cats would be bulimic if it weren’t for their interesting diet of mice and birds which kept them alive.
In fact he did wonder why domestic cats bothered with humans at all, the only comforts he had found were the soft covers of Jol’s bed and listening to her secrets, her wants and desires in life, Al’ice had loved those times when she cuddled up to him, rubbing his chest.
At last Jol’s father had given up and entered the kitchen to fill the kettle, flicking the switch he wandered into the bathroom.  Al’ice seized his chance and slipped through the small opening left in the ranch slider doors.  The coffee and milk were already poised ready in the mug on the kitchen bench, he heard the toilet flush in the bathroom, he would have to be quick.
Taking a small vile of liquid from the leather pouch hung around his neck he carefully removed the stopper and added two drops into the mug which he picked up and swirled around to conceal the mixture, hearing Mr. Serason washing his hands he decided to risk it and add a couple more.
The door was closing down the hall, the footsteps getting closer, Al’ice quickly returned the vile and dropped the staff behind the couch, he had no time to reach the ranch slider now.  Transforming into his cat form with a view to darting through the cat flap in the back door, he leapt at the clear plastic, the pouch around his neck caught on the edge, pausing him in mid flight as the noose tightened against his throat.  Half in and half out the swinging entrance he lifted his back legs and kicked at the pouch releasing its hold as he landed in an undignified heap onto the deck outside.
He dashed to the side of the house catching his breath beside the green wheelie bin, he allowed his body to return to normal grasping at the noose to loosen it before he strangled to death.  He would sit and wait in the shadows of the alley beside the house for the sleeping drug to take effect, hopefully any second now and he could return to plant the short letter and the phone message.
Al’ice had a problem, he must have lost the letter and the phone during his hasty retreat.  In his haste to escape he had forgotten they were tucked inside his belt, whenever he changed his clothes became his new skin and vice versa on his return, any accessories were always a problem, choking on his neck pouch a prime example.
He stole a glance from the shadows and saw Jol’s father stirring his coffee on the kitchen bench.  The kitchen of small open plan design sat to the side of a large seating area, where the huge television was located.  Mr. Serason stood in the kitchen but Al’ice could see his belt on the floor beside the bench where he had stood earlier, the staff against the great window at least was concealed by the couch.
Al’ice watched the scene before him, cool as cucumber and waited, the mug lifted to her father’s lips and then he paused replacing the mug on the side.  Al’ice wondered if he could detect the drug, had it given off a strange odour which he had been unaware of.  No, all was fine, Mr. Serason had decided to grab a dish cloth and finish washing the dishes in the sink.  He was not like normal people who would prefer to shove everything into the dishwasher, he preferred the old fashioned way. Al’ice could hear his voice in his head as he recalled the conversation one day Mr. Serason had with Jol about the unnecessary waste of electricity, he quite liked the old man, he would make a great father-in-law.
At last he put the last plate in the drainer to dry, wiping his hands in a towel he lifted the mug to his lips once more, his hands cupped the vessel as he lowered it again thoughtfully.  What was he doing?  Al’ice watched as he placed the mug into the microwave, the coffee must have gone cold.  As he punched the buttons, Al’ice felt the first flutter of panic in his chest, what if the microwaves did something to the drug?  Mr. Serason walked away from the machine heating his drink, distracted by something on the huge screen, he sat in the chair and began to watch intently.
Al’ice could see the screen from his position, it was a news item, people screaming and running towards the camera, blood, destruction, an explosion, he too became engrossed in the images only too aware what a dangerous place this modern world had become.
Beep, Beep, beep, beep………………. the microwave called to its owner, Beep, Beep, beep, beep.  Mr. Serason shot up from his chair he had forgotten about his drink, how long had he put it on for? He opened the door and grabbed for the handle, the intense pain of the heated clay burned into his flesh, he screamed out and dropped the mug against the microwave plate.
Al’ice watched in horror as the mug bounced half spilling its contents, jumping forward and freefalling to the floor, it bounced again as it hit the tiles, then landed with an almighty crash into a mess of liquid and pottery shards.
He moved closer to the edge of the bushes and watched, cross legged, the fingers of each hand touching to a point, his forefingers resting on his lips, he was meditating, willing Jol’s father to make himself another coffee.  Patiently he waited, as the angry fool began clearing up the mess, ‘have another, have another’ he willed, there was just enough drug left to try a second time.
Mr. Serason looked at his watch and placing the dustpan and brush on the side, grabbed for his car keys and left through the front door.
Where is he going? It’s too early! thought Al’ice, was this a wasted journey? he had to do something, what would he tell Jol on his return.  Al’ice waited to hear the car pull away from the drive and re-entered the house to retrieve his things, his mind racing with different scenarios that would fit, he had a plan, not a very good one but if it worked he would return to fix the messages.
Al’ice sprinted up the hill, keeping to the shadows once again, coming to a stop between the great pines facing the front of the house, he waited in the shadows.  In his hand an opened packet of cigarettes he had found in the kitchen.  Carefully he stood one of the death sticks on end and allowed several drops of the sleeping drug to dampen the tobacco inside.
He stood silently amongst the trees waiting for the car to arrive, Al’ice was fast but Mr Serason should have been here by now unless he had stopped somewhere on the way.  The plan was to casually wander up to the car on his arrival and offer him a cigarette, he knew from experience Mr Serason could never turn done a free cigarette.  It was the only plan he had but it was sure to work, he only hoped the drug would have the same effect once inhaled.  If he could just get him to take the drug, getting his body back down the road and into the house could be a problem, perhaps he could drive the mechanical vehicle, he could use his enchai, how hard could it be?
Come on, where are you? he thought as time was running out, the wind began to pick up and the clouds tighten.  A roll of thunder echoed above followed by the crack of lightening which made Al’ice question his actions, this was not a good place to be standing.
Only now had he realised the enormity of the two storey house before him and how there were no lights, no sound from inside.  Al’ice thought of the evil mist he had detected and wondered if all inside were still trapped under the spell, a movement to his right caught his eye and he stepped further into the shadows for fear of being seen.  The howling wind was deafening around him as he watched a young girls face at the long thin window high above the blank wall and level with the second storey of the house, he wondered what kind of room could be inside.  With the swirling debris it was difficult to see who the face belonged to as it watched the devastation outside.  Al’ice did not hear the car pull up in front of the house as he stepped away from the tree beside him, swaying back and forth and groaning at its tormentor.
He started back towards the house, keeping to the edge of the trees and fighting the wind and rain that battered against his body, he had lost the cigarette packet in his fight for survival against the ferocious weather.  The wind whipped at his hair, slapping his face he fought to tie it back into control, it was then he saw the car at the entrance, flanked by the broken statues now littering the asphalt.  He watched as Mr Serason sat bolt upright, clutching his chest, he slumped against the wheel, his eyes open, fixed in death as they stared directly at him.
For once the bold Al’ice was in shock, all sense had left him as he staggered away from the scene, stunned into silence, returning back down along the long drive.

The three comparative strangers sat in silence as they ate, Cooper stood beside the fire, she never seemed to sit, Eldeen in contrast sat in the usual seat beside the curtain to his bed chamber, I reckon that for someone so old it was probably best, leaving him not far to go when it was time to retire.  I sat close to the fire, it was not that cold inside following my walk earlier when the weather had closed in so rapidly, not moving from my spot as I savoured the thick broth Cooper had given me, it tasted like a vegetable soup, at least that’s what I hoped it was, too hungry to argue my vegetarian case just now.
Cooper had promised to make me more sensible shoes as the small pumps I had on gave little in the way of protection from the cold, I had thought they were perfect for the party on a warm summers evening, lucky I hadn‘t worn my sandals.  If I had known all of this was going to happen I would have dressed more appropriately, at least I’ve got my jeans, a small comfort against this inclement weather.
Even cold winters in England had never been as bad as this, damn! I had forgotten to ask earlier exactly where we are as Cooper had shown me around the village, I met so many people, all so pleased to see me and congratulating Cooper on how lovely I was, bizarre!  It had been a very strange afternoon, come to think of it I didn’t really learn that much about why I was here.  The people were sick, not all of them, but for many years a disease had caught hold and condemned the carrier to a slow death.  It was indiscriminate over who it selected, though avoided the young and was not contagious, it just came and took a few souls at a time as if in no hurry to exterminate.  Cooper promised me I was in no danger from it, for something so prevalent in their lives, it didn’t even appear to have a name.  Apparently I’m immune to the disease, how do they know? perhaps that’s why I’m here, to help find a cure.
Eldeen broke my thoughts as he lifted his head from the bowl towards the door, “he approaches, I said he would return did I not?”
Cooper leapt to the door and thrust it open, the force of the wind assisting as a great swirl of snow invaded their space, the heat from the room, melting it as it landed, leaving a growing pool of icy water slowly seeping into the earthen floor.
Is this Al’ice? My heart skips in anticipation at his return, as a dark figure slumps forward and collapse’s at Cooper’s feet, my hand instinctively goes to my mouth to silence the frightened noise which threatens to erupt and invade the room.
Cooper pulls at his arms dragging him closer to the fire and slams the door shut with her foot, barring the cold outside, he is still and frozen, the snow clamped to his clothes. 
Eldeen looked unconcerned at the figure as he glances at me, I struggle to contain the strange gurgling sound as I nearly choke on my mouthful of broth, I kick the seat out from under me and stand back out of the way.
“Are you alright child?” he asks.
I feel my head nodding as I watch Cooper, transfixed as she prises Jez’s jacket from his body, my thoughts had only been concerned with my dad and Al’ice’s return, I had completely forgotten about the absent Jez.
Pulling at the last sleeve, Eldeen rose from his chair, “Wait” he commanded.
Cooper shook the snow from his leather jacket into the fire, which fizzed as it met the flames and turned to look at what had alarmed her grandfather so.
Eldeen knelt beside the stiff body and held up Jez’s right wrist, he stared in disbelief at what surrounded it.  It was like a moment frozen in time, Cooper stood holding the jacket also staring at Jez’s wrist, Eldeen held it aloft in wonder and I saw what caught their eye but I’m more concerned about Jez, he’s not moving.
Finding my voice at last I break the silence, “Is he dead?”
Awoken from their reverie, Eldeen lowers Jez’s arm and holds his face in his hands, he begins to murmur in a strange tongue, the words lyrical, a hint of Al’ice in his voice, as I watch in awe the words visibly leave the old man’s lips, a swirling mist of green fog which darts across to Jez’s mouth, it finds an opening and vanishes through his lips and inside his body.  Seconds seem to tick by as Eldeen releases his grip on Jez, Cooper is behind him holding his head aloft, when he suddenly splutters and coughs back to life.
It’s hard to take in what I’ve just witnessed, this was no CPR, this was magic.  I’m staring at Jez in wonder at the miracle, he’s wearing a red t-shirt with a man’s head on it beneath the jacket, I can see his dark nipples through the cotton, erect with the cold, his skin grey, awash with goose bumps.
Jez becomes aware of his undignified return to life and makes a grab for his jacket as Cooper gently places a warm fur about his shoulders,
“Leave it” she tells him, “Let it dry.”
Jez looks dazed and slips into unconsciousness as Cooper begins to undress his reluctant body.
I’ve never seen a naked man before, not even my brother, Yes I’ve done sex ed at school back in England but I’m curious and a little embarrassed, my cheeks flush at my thoughts as I feel sorry for Jez unaware of the audience before him.  I look away, as much as I want to see it’s unfair on Jez, Cooper seems undeterred as she tears at his sodden clothes, I look at Eldeen who is watching his granddaughters every move.
“Um Eldeen sir” I ask, distracting his gaze from the fire.
“Yes child?”
“Could you tell me the significance of the bands we wear?” I hold up my own wrist to show him my Grans leather band.
Eldeen smiles at me, the lines on his face becoming deep crevices.
“The first time you have addressed me child and you ask quite a leading question, why that question in particular?”
I’m distracting myself and yes I’m curious, I stare into his eyes seeking an answer, he seems kind enough but there is a hollowness also, something inside which causes him great pain, so I ask him another question.
“You are a great politician, speaker for your people?”
Eldeen eyes me suspiciously, “perhaps, why do you ask?”
“All politicians answer a question with a question and you never get the answer you are looking for don’t you agree?” I reply folding my arms.
I’m not usually so forthright, why doesn’t he just answer the damn questions! I hear splashing water to my left, I’m tempted to look, check Jez is alright but then I might see.
Cooper had rolled a huge barrel in front of the fire and after a short struggle had managed to lift Jez inside then she had begun to fill it with warmed water from the fire.  I’m guessing this is what’s happened from all the shuffling then water sounds to my side, I’m curious, I hope Jez is ok.  My eyes shift left for a quick peek, he’s sat in a barrel off water, I can see his knees bent and his bandaged chest, and feel my cheeks flush again, I turn to focus on Eldeen.
He’s watching my reaction, I swear that’s a smile on his face, it’s not funny.
“You have never seen a man in the flesh before?” he asks.
“Of Course Not!” 
I glare at Cooper as I realise she has echoed my own words.
“Hah! No question in your reply child, I have won have I not?”
What! I’m confused, how did Cooper know what I had or hadn’t seen? How can I ask her without looking in Jez’s direction and what the hell is the old man talking about? 
“I wasn’t aware it was a competition!” I reply.
“You have the fire of your grandmother child.”
“Do you know my grandmother, where she is?” I’m beginning to feel dizzy.
Cooper continues to wash the warm water over Jez’s body, he had been almost hypothermic, she smiles to herself as she listens to the conversation behind her.
Eldeen nods his head for a while and then finally answers my first question, 
“I have seen the band you wear before child, it belongs to our people, a symbol of leadership.”
I find my seat to steady myself, “So then, you have seen my grandmother, this belongs to her, where did she get it?”
“And to answer the second part of your question, the band on Jez’s wrist belongs also to our people, it is also a symbol of leadership, I was ……..” his voice becomes much slower now, more laboured as if the words will fail him, “such a long time……….thought he were lost…………..gone forever……..my, my……………..it belongs to………………my brother.”
I realise what he is saying, the importance of his statement, “so all that distrust and Jez is like me?”
Eldeen groans in reply.
“Jol please hold Jez’s head for a while to stop him slipping under, I must help grandfather, he is not well.”
I’m watching the old man as he slumps on his stool, his face is racked with pain, “does he have the fever, you spoke of?”
“No child, he is just a weary old man who has lived for too many years, too much excitement for one day that is all.”
I glance towards Cooper, reluctant to get close to Jez, curious and scared of what I might see inside that barrel.
Cooper holds her hand above the water and begins to mumble the strange words I had heard before as the water begins to fizz and bubble.
“What are you doing?”
“Enchai, magic if you wish, there child, plenty of bubbles, you will not see anything you do not wish to, we will dry him off once I help grandfather.”
I have to help, Eldeen does look ill, I fix my eyes on Jez’s face and move closer to the barrel, I just don’t know if I can trust myself not to look inside.
“Hold his chin that should be enough.”
Cooper stands and leaves me alone with the naked Jez as she helps Eldeen to his feet and to bed.
I hold my hand firmly under Jez’s chin, his darkened skin retrieving its tone as the warmth ebbs through his body, he had been so white, so cold when he had returned, I had been so sure he was going die.  His chin feels rough with the slight stubble which grows there, I keep my eyes on his face, there are no blemishes, no signs of wear.  His face appears square with a rigid jaw which is cutting into my palm.  I swap hands and look at his soft black curly hair, now tight circles from the water.  His eyelashes are like thick caterpillars caressing his lids, why do boys have such beautiful eyes when girls are cursed with dressing theirs with lots of makeup to achieve the same effect?
I’m so close to his face now concentrating on his features, determined not to stray, without warning he opens his eyes.
“Oh!” he looks just as shocked as me as I jump back letting go of his chin so quickly the stubble grazes my palm.
Jez had been lulled by the warmth of the water, until the gentle sweet breath on his face awakened his senses.  He was not alone.  He opened his eyes and for one brief moment saw a pale set of grey blue eyes returning his gaze.
As I jumped back I saw him blink as he sat upright in the water, shaking his wet hair, the droplets reach my arm, my face is positively on fire as he looks at me then around the room. 
Jez recognises the cottage room and looks down at the crude bath he is sitting in, alarmed at his situation he grabs each side of the barrel to thrust himself from the water, I put my hands to my face as he makes a grab for his jacket beside the fire.
Peeking through my fingers, Cooper appears from nowhere, pushing down hard on his shoulders, propelling him back down into the water as it washes over the sides with force.
“Your jacket is not yet dry, do you wish to embarrass Jol and yourself here with your nakedness!”
Cooper looks in my direction away from Jez’s angry body as she holds aloft a blanket for him to step into, she is smiling at me, did she see me peeking? I could warm the whole cottage with the heat coming from my cheeks just now.
I hear him step from the barrel and I watch as Cooper rolls it away from the fire, Jez just stands there, the blanket wrapped tightly round his body unable to speak, the shock evident from his scowl.
“You may dry yourself here, we will wait in the next room until you are decent, you can wear this for now until your clothes are dry.”
She throws a thick cloth at him which looks like one of those toga type garments they all seemed to wear.
“Do not worry about grandfather I have given him a sedative to help him sleep and don’t even think about running out on us again, I have already saved your life once, I may not be so quick to try again!”

The warmth had started in his toes, relieved to have feeling again, his boots and socks removed, Jez wiggled each one in turn just to be sure.  His ankles were stiff as he rotated each one in turn but yes he could move at last.  The warm feeling gently rose across his legs as if someone were pouring warm water across his skin, above his knees and towards his groin he didn’t care if he were naked, for now the warmth emanating through his body was fantastic.  Onwards it forged along his chest and across his arms, Jez did not want to open his eyes for fear the warmth would leave him, the cold of the snow had been unbearable and now he felt human again.
The warmth lulled his mind into a sense of security and he smiled to himself, he remembered the hospital and the bed to which he had become accustomed, the embarrassment of a bed bath did not concern him, he was comfortably warm and that’s all that mattered to him now.



Chapter 10

Clarintor returned to her lair in haste, in her great chamber she had many treasures, the most precious an ornately carved golden frame which housed a full length mirror, a little something she had picked up during the renaissance.  She could not resist admiring herself each time she passed her reflection, what a body she now had since the tumour that sucked the life from her had been eradicated.
Raking her thin bony fingers through her hair, she marvelled at the sight before her, she had an exceptional figure, perfect in every proportion. The green sleeveless satin dress hugged her body tightly, flaring slightly at the knees to allow for the movement of her long legs encased in the tight high leather black boots she wore.  The green offset her black eyes and fiery red hair to perfection, she removed the cloak which encapsulated her frame, this had been a worthy prize from the first demon she had conquered, such was the fabric it were invisible to the naked eye, an attractive asset.  She was careful to drape her cloak around the mannequin she owned, this one of her previous séance conquests, the females form had been like her own much to her disgust but had made an attractive hanger for her cloak.
She moved gracefully but too quick for the human eye as her rage consumed her in the hunt for answers, buzzing across the chamber like a wasp caught in a jar she eventually stopped at her desk and opened a large tomb, the dusty words leaping from the pages to escape, as the sides fell with a crash.  A short burst of magic kept the words in check as her incantation fanned the pages until they fell open once more at the revelation she was after.  Lure the angels gift to the séance table where the precious one had been taken, then the angel would come, alerted by the signal, oh yes the angel would come straight into her trap, with the power of an angel within her grasp, she would be elevated up the ranks.
Once digested, she turned her back on the book and snapped her fingers, it closed in an instant sending more dust around the room.  She paused once again to admire her reflection gently lifting the cloak and placing it around her shoulders, she cocked her head to the left, deep in thought and moved gracefully to a large wooden dresser at the back of the room.
She moved as if floating on air, no footsteps could be heard from the colossal heels of her boots.  At the dresser she lifted her hand to a silver tube, six inches tall with no markings, she placed this inside her cloak and smiled her soul catcher smile, then began to laugh, the heinous sound reverberated across the rounded wall of her chamber.

Kate had lost the argument with Stanton, he had proved a formidable opponent, now she sat in silence as he poured his eyes over another book.
The minutes were ticking by and she didn’t want her last moments to be like this, he had made her feel shallow and callous for choosing life over certain death.  Stanton had listened to the story of the black stone, smooth as a pebble and how Jol’s grandmother had given it to Christopher as a lucky charm and how he in turn had given it to Jol on the night of his death.  There hadn’t been really much of a story to tell but Stanton had come alive at this news reading from some Latin type script he had translated for her, how an angel had the power to afford protection over a mortal and how this had to be Jol, ‘why her?’ Kate had asked.
He didn’t know why but there were tales of an angel’s gift to another, a mortal who would carry this gift as a kind of link for the protected one, a gift that could be used in times of extreme peril to send a signal to the angel for help.  Stanton believed this lucky stone of Chris’s had been such a gift and because of the angel’s protective force over Jol, a force so powerful, it had attracted the demon but had inevitably protected Jol.  In her disappointment, the demon had detected some other force, a consolation prize as it were and realised that the consolation, the stone, was the gift that could lead her to the ultimate prize, Jol and the angel.  It had just taken Stanton a little while to put all the pieces together and figure this out.
Kate had the idea that they leave the stone behind and make their escape whilst it distracted the demons, he was incensed by the suggestion, “are you mad?” he had asked, “this is the one link to discovering what has happened to your friend Jol.”
“What if she is already dead?” Kate replied, “then we’ll just be risking our own lives for nothing.”
He had returned to his book and Kate sat there brooding, the thought that Jol might be dead alarmed her, even more so how she had said the words without thought or emotion.  This was some party, a night to remember, the clock was ticking and she decided to swallow her hasty pride, “Stanton, I’m sorry.”
“It’s ok hon, I know you didn’t mean it really, this takes some digesting that’s for sure.”
“Do you have a plan?” she asked wearily.
“Yep, sure do.”
“What’s the time?”
“Time we were out of here,” he handed her back the lucky stone and snapped the book shut.
Kate looked at the cold object in her hand and rolled it over, surely it was just an ordinary stone, she put it up to her ear.
“What are you doing?” he asked.
“Listening for the signal.”
Stanton rolled his eyes at her, “it cannot be detected by the human ear silly!”
“Oh!” Kate felt a bit stupid but he could have told her that bit before she made an ass of herself.
“Come on” he nodded his head taking the stone from her hand and placing it in the pocket of his jacket that she wore as he rose from the sofa and headed for the door.
“Where we going?”
“Back to the dining room, I’ve been thinking, have you noticed how the demons mist just hung in the air beneath the door? Something was preventing it from entering that room where it had already been before, that something was the stone.”
“But why there, they will be looking for us in this house.”
“The scene of the crime, the place where Jol was taken, we need help and if I’m right and pronounce these words from the book correctly then the signal will stop darting around the house and send a message straight to this angel of Jol’s.”
“That she is in extreme peril?”
“You got it.”
“Will the angel not look for Jol though?”
“I’m hoping it will come here first to discover what happened.”
“But what if it doesn’t?”
Stanton looked her straight in the eyes, “Kate trust me.”
He held the book in one hand and Kate’s hand in his other as he pulled gently on the door, hoping it would not be so noisy this time, as it opened just a little, he paused.
“What is it?” Kate whispered.
A flash engulfed the hallway like one of those old fashioned camera flashes exploding and a rush of wind stopped outside the door as they held their breath undetected.
They looked at each other uncertain what to do next, closing the door would reveal their existence to the entity before them, they watched silently holding the fear inside.
The sudden rush of wind had revealed a hooded figure before them, Kate could smell dank stagnant water, the figure was holding its body at a strange angle as they realised it was carrying something, it was a body.
Across the hall Kroil kicked at the door with his foot, edging forward he was unaware of the audience watching from behind.  Before him a chaise lounge littered with bodies which he tossed aside like rag dolls to the floor, Kate shuddered at the indiscriminate act as she recognised the faces of some of her peers.
Kroil gently laid Pete’s naked body on the soft cushions and helped him into his clothes, he had heard the splash which alerted him to the boy’s whereabouts.  It was clear to the onlookers the boy was hurt as the figure who Stanton now recognised as the demon named Kroil from earlier held the boys shoulder and mumbled something incoherent.  The shoulder began to glow and he cried out in pain as the bones knitted back into shape.
They were talking now and it was clear that they knew each other, knew each other well, the talking, just whispers, they could not make out what was being said.
Stanton rubbed at his face as he wondered what would be the best course of action, this was the only exit from the library apart from the high windows, did they have enough time to wait here? It didn’t look as if the others in the opposite room were going to move as they were deep in discussion, if only Kroil had shut the door behind him.
Kate watched him expectantly, she knew he would be hatching another plan and she waited.  Stanton looked at his watch as Kate drank in his every move during the silence of their predicament.  He motioned for her to come away from the door and towards the protruding pine which had invaded the room earlier.
They stood either side of the tree and whispered through the needles, “Its 12. 40” he said tapping at the face of his watch, “if the female demon is true to her word then we only have a few minutes to get to the dining room.”
“I don’t think the other two are going to move from that room” interrupted Kate.
“Precisely, then our only chance is up here, through the window, if we can get to the other side and drop down by the laundry, then we’re home and dry, what do you think?”
“Might work, if we hurry, but the roof will be slippy with all that snow.”
Stanton handed Kate the book, “here put this in the inside pocket of my jacket, we’ll need it when we get to the dining room, right you first and try and be as quiet as possible.”
Kate nodded, it would be easier getting to the window climbing this tree wedged perfectly at an angle to the floor, she had climbed a lot of trees in her childhood.  Climbing onto the trunk, on all fours she edged upward being careful not to let the pine needles stab her exposed skin, the scratches as she passed were bad enough.  Kate was aware that once again her ass was exposed by this stupid skirt as she picked her way through the branches, yet another undignified climb.  Stanton didn’t seem to mind, he was too pre-occupied by his own assent, his crude bandage had become caught in the tree and some of the pine needles stabbed at his wound, picking at the congealed blood, allowing it to drip once more across his bicep.
Kate continued to the window ledge, aware that he had paused behind her, the air was colder as she approached the tear in the wall below the broken window, pulling the sleeve of his jacket around her fist, she began to stab at the wall of snow, releasing a clump down towards Stanton’s Head.  He was hit by the huge snowball right on the crown of his head, the hard ice had formed a formidable weapon.
Stanton lost his grip with the force and fell towards the back of the tree, gravity playing with his legs that were hugging the trunk for grip.
Kate looked behind her when she heard the thump and saw the last of his leg disappear round the back of the tree, she waited then whispered, “You ok?” nothing, “Stanton!!!”
“Shush!” came his reply, phew he was alright, well talking at least.
Stanton hung there like a monkey trying to regain his balance, hanging off the underside of a prickly tree was nothing like gymnastics.  He scrambled for a good hold and hoisted himself back round glancing upward wary of more missiles.
Kate was perched on the window ledge now with an anxious look on her face, he raised his arm to give her the thumbs up when she gasped.  Unwilling to talk he frowned as if to say, what is it? Kate pointed to his arm, the force of the fall had attacked his wound further and now the blood was flowing freely.  He had to ignore the pain and forge on, the clock was ticking.  As he approached the opening Kate disappeared through the now gaping hole to allow him room as he pulled himself up and out onto the roof where she was waiting.
“You, ok? let me see your arm.”
“I’d be fine if someone hadn’t started flinging ice balls at my head!”
Kate lowered her eyelids in shame and mouthed, I’m sorry.
“Hey, hazards of the game we’re playing, you can look at my arm when we get there.”
The air was still, yet so cold, Kate had never felt so cold before in her life, the snow was like plunging your hand into a bucket of ice.
Stanton stepped over her body, their faces almost touching, as she leant against the apex roof, “I’ll lead” he commanded, “you’re bound to slip in those silly shoes.”
They edged along the roof as quickly as they could in the icy conditions, twice Kate had slipped into the guttering, luckily it was held fast and she weighed very little.  Above the entrance hall was a huge sky light which rose in a conical shape before them, such extravagance was causing them problems, coming between them and the other side, they would slowly have to edge their way along the gutter that ran behind it with the roof for stabilisation.  At the edge of the glass Stanton pulled back, holding them against the roof, the huge aperture of glass suddenly lit up in a kaleidoscope of colour.
The rainbow effect looked pretty, enhanced by the glare of the snow, something pretty awful, it didn’t take a genius to know from the look on Stanton’s face, the female demon had returned.
Clarintor stood in the doorway opposite the library and listened to the account of what happened, Pete left out the part where he transformed, this was still to be his and Kroil’s secret.
Kroil’s failed attempt to locate the second pulse would infuriate their mistress, they had decided to reveal what Pete had witnessed as temptation from the truth.
Her arms folded impatiently as she tapped her long painted nails against her forearm, this twist to the evenings events had helped to repel her anger towards Kroil and his inefficiency.
Kroil watched as she smiled, apparently aware of whom the boy spoke, when he had revealed the words spoken by the woman in the clearing, ‘you can perhaps finish this silly feud only once you have spoken with Eldeen!’
“So we have two bites of the Cherry” she concluded, “we must lure the holder of the angels gift to the scene of the séance, once there the pulse will send a signal to the great Tadge, Oh yes I know this fallen angels name, how fitting he should be the one to betray his kind, follow me.”
She led as they entered the great hall on the way to the dining room, Kroil decided not to reveal the force which lay within, Clarintor could find this out for herself, she would only punish him for not dealing with it before her return. 
She stopped in the centre of the atrium and looked skyward up into the stained glass window above them.  Clarintor cocked her head to the side and listened, Kroil and Pete followed her gaze to the dark skies above devoid of stars but lit by the enormity of the full moon.  She said nothing but moved her eyes as if following something, Kroil pulled Pete to the side of the room only to aware of the power building inside of her.
“Head west Kroil, they are on the roof, we will herd them like pathetic sheep.” 
Raising her hands, her voice began to sing, the sweetest soprano voice you have ever heard.
Once the light had paled to shadow, Stanton and Kate peered forward into the void, the coast was clear.  He gently stood onto the angled ridge surrounding the base of the glass designed to repel water down into the guttering.  Once he had a good footing he turned to Kate and helped her up, not letting go of her hand, they were almost to the other side when the atrium lit up once more. 
Stanton was unaware at first they had been detected, for deep in the shadows, Clarintor had been watching their every movement.
From below, the sweetest voice, a musical triumph, as it reached its crescendo, Stanton pulled Kate closer to him, “we’ve got to move, she knows we’re here.”
They scrambled to the other side of the glass only to see two hands hoisting a body onto the roof in the direction they were headed.
‘Oh crap’ thought Kate, “quick lets head backwards.”
Stanton held her hand firmly in his, preventing her movement, he looked into her frightened face, “we’re trapped.” he said.
“No” she shouted back, “we head towards the back of the house then.”
Stanton nodded in agreement, “if we slide down to that flat roof on the other side then we may be able to find a way down and it’s not so high.”
They turned their back on the glass, stabbing their feet hard against the snow, compacting it to ice, they managed to finally reach the apex without too many slips as the stain glass behind them exploded into the night sky.  It shattered in all directions, showering them from above, they quickly slid the rest of the way on their buttocks to the flat roof.  Looking around for a safe descent they realised that this roof was still quite high, they peered over the edge, their reflection returned anxiously from the still waters of the swimming pool.
Sitting back they looked at one another, “so we risk breaking something if we miss the pool then?” he asked.
“I’m aiming for the centre of the pool, what about you” said Kate.
Stanton looked at her in horror, “what’s wrong with you?” she asked.
“I can’t swim.” he replied.
She stared at him in disbelief, after all they had been through and now this, “but you’re American, I thought American’s could do anything!”
The glass behind had finished clattering against the tiles and Clarintor leapt effortlessly onto the apex of the roof behind them.
“I'm a good swimmer, I’ll help you, come on lets jump” Kate positioned herself ready for the leap as Clarintor edged closer, the smell of cherries from before came at them from both sides, threatening to take their senses.
“Hang on, what about the book? after all we’ve been through we can’t get it wet!”
Thinking quickly he pulled the jacket from her shoulders, rolled it into a ball and launched it into the bushes beside the pool.
Kroil had joined Clarintor on the roof now and they were gaining on them fast, “Crap!, it’s now or never”, grabbing hold of Stanton’s arm she pushed as the two of them leapt into the unknown, hoping against hope that this was the deep end.
Thrust unceremoniously forward into the air Kate lost her hold on Stanton, his arms and legs flailing around as he fell, his hand cracked Kate across the face.  The whack surprised her but not as much as the shock as they hit the cool water of the pool.
Their bodies descended fast into the deep, Kate an excellent swimmer reached forward to grab a hold of Stanton but he was already sinking fast.  Diving down towards him she pulled at his clothes, trying to get a good grip under his arms but he proved too heavy.  She resurfaced gasping for air, filling her lungs she quickly scrambled back into the deep, frantically searching for him, where had he gone? he was not at the bottom, she could see that clearly from the poolside lights.  Pushing herself forward through the water, she could see a mass of weeds blocking the way ahead, ‘What the hell?’ Stanton’s body trapped within the swaying bluey blackness.  He was motionless except for the push of water which turned his body to face her, his eyes open wide, his mouth fell open releasing tiny bubbles to the surface, followed by one last large one.  Kate lunged forward to grab him, but her lungs were collapsing against her ribs, desperate for breath she had to re-surface again, weak with her efforts she clung to the side of the pool, relieving the pain in her lungs, the vision of Stanton’s face etched in her mind.
Time was not on her side, movement from the roof alerted her to the danger as she hoisted herself over the edge struggling to regain her feet, she scrambled towards the gate.  It was locked, she tugged on it in a frenzy, desperate to escape she attempted to climb, landing with a heavy thump on the other side, into the mud and bushes.  Hauling herself up to run she caught sight of Stanton’s Jacket and made a grab for it, running off in the direction of the trees.
Once under their canopy she paused for breath, glancing back to see the shadowy figure upon the roof laughing, a deep throated bellow of a laugh which cut through the night, Kate turned on her heels and kept running.
Clarintor looked down into the pool at the limp figure floating upon its surface, for that moment she was elated in triumph, her cold laugh reaching into the deep recesses of the land.

The warmth had engulfed him, so tired he began sifting through the images in his mind, he found himself looking down upon a past memory and watching himself talking to some mates and telling them he would see them later.
Jez began to feel light headed as if floating above the scene before him, when brought back down to earth with a sharp tug on his jacket sleeve, he heard the old woman’s gravelly voice, “Jerimiah?” wrenching his arm free, he turned sharply toward the voice, an old woman dressed like a gypsy stood before him, she was hideously old with wispy grey hair pushed from her face, a black strand stood out at her ear and she just looked at him, squinting her eyes as she grabbed for his wristband.  Her hand made contact, Jez reached to stop her, in slow motion the band loosened and she nearly had it when he snatched it from her bony hand, the studs scratched against her pale skin and drew blood, unable to speak he watched as one of the stones fell to the ground and bounced forward disappearing down into the drain.  The old woman looked deep into his eyes as she sucked at the wound in her hand, deep into his soul. Anger welled inside but he could not move as if transfixed by the old woman’s spell.



Chapter 11

Jez sat cross legged in front of the fire and drinking the strange liquor they called Kailch whilst Cooper busied herself removing the barrel of water from the room, the night had closed in and I had no idea of how late it was but the Kailch was making my eyes heavy.
Jez was scowling to himself and apart from the clearing up noises made by Cooper you could cut the atmosphere with a knife, no-one seems eager to speak first, the air made more intense as Cooper finishes and joins him beside the fire. She can’t take her eyes off the band which he had replaced on his wrist, glad to find it amongst his clothes.  The green gems glistened in the firelight, casting a pattern across the wall, he took another swig of the drink and turned his head catching Cooper’s gaze, he seemed captured by her striking beauty.
The silence was broken when the curtain pulled aside, Eldeen now refreshed and returned to his earlier vibrancy.
Jez nods in his direction “I thought you gave him a sedative to help him sleep?”
Cooper smiles, “I lied” she replied.
Eldeen clutched a small bottle in his hand which he places on the shelf above the fire, “Do not speak as if I were not present, I may be old but I can hear quite well.”
He taps Jez in a consoling way on the shoulder as if to let him know he did not chastise him, then he returned to his favoured stool. 
“It appears Jez we have been too judgemental, unless the cascelet you wear has been stolen?”
“The what?”
Cooper replied for her grandfather, “the band upon your wrist, it is known as the cascelet, there are only four in existence, a symbol of leadership to our people, until now we only knew the whereabouts of two of them, now three.  If we could just locate the fourth...................”
Cooper glanced towards Eldeen, pain etched on his face at the mention of the lost cascelet.
“Look Jez, I have one too,” I hold up my wrist to show him.
This was the first time Jez heard the girl speak, she was English, a pomme. 
“Let me see it?” he asks. 
I rose from my seat and knelt beside him at the fire holding my wrist out for him to see.  He took my hand in his, his hands seem so huge in mine as he turns my hand over to look at the cascelet around my wrist.
He looks thoughtful as he takes in the white leather and how it looks almost new not battered like the black of his, he turns my wrist the other way and I can tell he is counting the eyelets which lace the band together.  As he does, I do the same with his, we both have the same number, laced in the same way.
I watch as he looks at my wrist, confusion in his eyes, he has brooding eyes of the most incredible blue.  He catches me staring at him as he lets go of my hand and returns his gaze to the fire saying nothing.
Cooper interrupts, “we have already discovered that Jol inherited hers from her grandmother, we are keen to learn where you inherited yours?”
I’m just as confused as Jez looks, I stare at the earthen floor, I had not told them I had inherited it, I could have stole it from Gran for all they knew, in fact in a way I had, I had taken it to wear that evening without permission, decided to wear it on a whim, how could I ask Gran anyway?  We had not heard from her in over a year, in fact the more I think about it, the more I worry that dad would not believe the note, he would not believe that Gran had turned up out of the blue and taken me whilst he were sleeping.
My stomach flip flops with worry as I begin to nibble at the dry skin around my finger nails, I always do this when I worry, once I had even made my thumb bleed.  Ok, so Gran is a bit strange sometimes but she surely would not to do something like that, it doesn’t add up, if only Al’ice would hurry and return to let me know everything was alright.
Jez’s deep voice roused me from my worries, “It was my father’s” he said proudly, I notice the raised eyebrow glance between Eldeen and Cooper.
“You are proud of your father, young man, who was he?” asked Eldeen.
Jez would not look away from the dying flames of the fire and hesitated in his response, “I do not know, only that my mother loved him very much.”
He choked back the lump in his throat, I peek from under my fringe at him, it was clear this was a hard subject for Jez, I can detect a sense of loss, a loss I was only to familiar with.
He cleared his throat and turned to look at Cooper, “I must thank you for saving my life, this has been…………………………….I am quite tired, can we finish this tomorrow?”
As he speaks I realise I had not yet thanked Jez for saving me from the evil, whatever it was, but I don’t know how to say it, he does look tired, perhaps I can thank him tomorrow.
“Where is that girl Alice?” he added.
Eldeen smiled at him, “it appears, that girl as you put it, may well be your brother Jez, he is on an errand for young Jol here and is not expected back until morning, perhaps it is time to put aside your differences?”
We both stare at him, the old man was a fool, how could this be possible?  The sense inside was strong as we both glance at each other for a second, then look away, do we both have the same thoughts, do we both know what the other is thinking?
Cooper reached behind the curtain and dragged a lumpy mattress from beneath Eldeen’s bed and placed it beside the dying embers of the fire, motioning to Jez that this would be his, she has incredible strength.
“I think it is time we all rested” she added, “Grandfather may I speak with you outside a moment?”
She opened the door and the full moon shone brightly against the fallen snow, lighting up the surroundings, their feet crunched in the snow as they both left allowing the door to creak behind them.
I want to ask Jez more questions but don’t know where to begin, I decide to leave him in peace, now is not the right time perhaps.  I enter the doorway to my room, at least I think it is the room intended for my stay, as I start to close the door on Jez, the one candle placed in a recess on the wall lights all by itself, I jump and gasp all at once, how did it do that?
“What is it?” asks Jez, concern in his voice.
“It’s nothing” I reply, my heart beating so fast, I look back at him and hesitate before adding, “Goodnight then”, as I close the door, the candle burns brighter as if someone had turned up the dimmer switch and whisper to myself, “amazing!”
I stay there with my back against the door, I can almost hear Jez’s heartbeat on the other side, my imagination must have the better of me. 
Jez stood, a mirror image on the other side of the door listening, simultaneously we both reach for the latch on either side, then drop our hands and turn to our respective beds.
Jez was a mystery, one I needed to explore, if we are related somehow?  I never had any cousins, have no other family apart from dad and Gran, until now. I try to shake the image of his naked body from my mind, those tight muscles, no stop it Jol, he is kind of family, I tell myself.  I look around the room to distract my thoughts and see my bag on the bed and remember my other phone, I switch it on and check for messages.  There was one flashing from an unknown number, did I dare open it? should I check with the others? It could be a trick?  My heart began racing again, I long for calm in my life but it looks like fate has decided otherwise.  But hang on, there’s no signal, no bars, how can there be a message? It must be a trick.
No noises come from the room beyond, I don’t want to wake the others, it’s only a message, what harm could it do to open it?  I press the open message button, the screen flashes with the words, Jol, Lost, Help, Kate.  Oh shit! what did that mean?  I’m staring at the words, Kates in trouble, what can I do? Thinking, thinking, I close the phone, what can I do? I’m pacing now and nibbling my thumb, Jez would understand, he’s from my world, but he must be sleeping by now.  I stop at the door and listen for any sound from the other room, nothing, I lean back against the door, ‘oh Jez what should I do?’
‘Text her’ came a voice from inside my head, I jump back from the door and stare at it, was that him? I lean forward, touching the wood with my palms and listen, there’s nothing, no sound.
There is no signal anyway but could I try, the message had arrived somehow, I could hope for a miracle and take the chance while the phone still worked, ‘I‘m ok, on hols wth Gran, dn‘t go 2 my hous.’
I begin pacing again, would that be enough? the evil demon might look for me there and take Kate by mistake, what if it sensed Kate was my friend and looked for her to get to me, no she must get away, I’m torn for ideas, where is it safe for Kate to go? I’ve got it, frantically tapping the keys I hit the send button, ‘find moana.’  The egg timer stares back at me as the phone tries to send the message, still no bars, this is stupid!  At last it clears the screen.
It had not been Kate’s number, what if had not been Kate? But I had to try, just in case, I saved the number, if it was Kate I needed to get in touch.  I thought about what I had just done then decided to send another message to back up the original story, I’m no good at lying but dad wouldn’t be able to tell from a text message.  So I hit the send button again, ‘I’m ok dad, will ring when we reach our destination, Gran says hi, love you.’  The message was wordy but dad was no good with text speak, I turned the phone off to conserve the battery and stuffed it back into my bag.
Tomorrow I will find out exactly where we are and what day it is, I need to keep a check on how long I’m here, they said time moves slower back home but I need to know.  I lie back on the bed and stare at the ceiling, tonight I feel lost and alone.

Kate was still running.  Clarintor’s evil laugh resonated through her eardrums, menacing her as she ran.  Her wet clothes were chafing against her skin but she fought the pain, the adrenalin keeping her going, her bare feet slipping against the snow. Just ahead, a clearing where the great lake rested and where the snow had not reached, finally her legs buckled and she fell in a heap beneath a large pine, her breathing harsh, her lungs stinging with exhaustion as she lay there crumpled on the ground, her face thrust forward in the mud as the breaths slowly found a rhythm.
Too scared to move at first her ears listened out into the night for any sounds from behind, there was just the gentle breeze which rustled against the tree's canopy.  Finally regaining some strength she pushed her face up from the dirt and her body back onto her knees, she sat against the trunk of the tree her legs tucked, with her cold bare feet underneath her for warmth.  The great lake just ahead illuminated her face from the moons reflection, barely a ripple broke its surface and she wondered how the snow had not reached this far, why had it been focussed around the house?
In her hands her fist closed tightly around Stanton’s jacket, as the realisation of what had just happened consumed her, she began to shiver, goose bumps erupted over her body, she pulled on his jacket and sniffed at the musty odour of the cloth, her face buried in Stanton’s smell.  The tears began to wash over her, overwhelmed in grief and fear she began to sob uncontrollably, streaks marked her face from the tears, she was full of emotion her heart racing.  The image of his floating body etched on her retinas forever, the laugh echoing in her mind as she rocked gently clinging to his jacket for warmth.
The emptiness in the pit of her stomach threatened to take her, take her into the darkness never to return.
A twig snapped behind, she opened her eyes in fright peering tentatively around the side of the tree, scared of what she might see, the startled rabbit looked just as scared as she was, pausing in fright from her image before hopping off into the bushes.  The shock had woken her from her despair.  She stared long and hard at the empty spot where the rabbit had been as her heart slowly regained its normal beat, willing her to survive.
Kate rubbed her palms together to rid them of the dirt, strangely they did not feel sore after she had slammed down so hard against the ground, crawling towards the lake, something hard pressed against her body, rolling on to her side she reached into the jacket pocket and pulled out the book, with it came shards of glass from the broken skylight.
This book held the key to calling the angel, the book they had risked their lives for, she brushed off the broken bits of glass and looked at the strange old leather that bound the book, there was no time to look at it now and she replaced it in the pocket.  There was something else in there though and she reached down deep amongst the shards of glass to find an old and battered cell phone.  Her face lit up at the find and hoping Stanton hadn’t locked it with a password she turned it on, the battery was very low so she thought it best to send just a quick text, but what would she say, thinking, ok that’s it, she quickly typed in four words Jol, Lost, Help, Kate, she punched in Jol’s number and pressed send, then turning the phone off to conserve the battery she placed it back in the jacket.
Sitting at the edge of the lake she washed her hands in the cool water, forcing the water up against her face in a vain attempt to wash it, she could not see her reflection to check on her efforts, perhaps because the moon was now lost behind cloud.  More determined now, she picked herself up and decided that the best plan would be to get as far away as possible.

The sound of sobbing became increasingly louder as I open my eyes several hours later, sure that this was no longer a dream.  I stare at the wall at the foot of the bed and the direction of the sobbing, the wall has gone, no longer visible, how could this be? am I dreaming?  I sit up and pinch myself for real this time as I watch the wind outside swirl violently without penetrating my invisible wall.  I swing my legs out and stand reaching for the candle forgetting that wax melts and step towards the void.
A creamy white light shines from the candle as I approach the wall, I raise my hand expecting to hit something solid.  I can see through the invisible wall and locate the source of the sobbing, outside on the river bank sits a lonely figure with messed up hair wearing a sports jacket.  I want to reach out to comfort the lost soul, a shimmer runs across the void as I touch it, I can feel the cold stone of the wall but as I push further, through the nothingness, I can see my hand emerge on the other side, the biting wind jolts me awake.  I pull my hand back and reach for the cloak Cooper had given me earlier, pulling it tight across my shoulders I push my body gently through my invisible wall.   
The wind catches my breath as I emerge on the outside, the ground cold and wet as the snow penetrates my shoes, still the figure sobs with its back to me.  I hold the candle higher, amazed that the wind doesn’t blow it out, my magic candle, the stuff of dreams but this was no dream.  I follow the light towards the sobbing woman and reach forward to touch the soaking shoulder of the jacket, she turns towards me, the sobbing stops as I let out a silent scream at the image before me, faceless, with wet and wild hair.
Cooper had been standing outside the building, a solitary tear rolled down her cheek.  Glancing to her left she saw Jol walking in the darkness towards the river, then collapse to the ground.  Cooper ran swiftly towards her as she witnessed her thrashing around desperately trying to remove her cascelet, she fell on top of her to hold her down.
“No Jol you must never remove the cascelet, what has happened to you?”
Her eyes rolled back in their sockets and her body limp, Cooper glanced around into the night, wondering what had happened and caught a glimpse of a green light reflected in the river.  Lifting Jol’s tiny frame, Cooper carried her back to the sanctity of the cottage.  Both Eldeen and Jez did not stir as she entered and Cooper gently placed her on the bed, carefully removing the wet shoes, all appeared normal.
Cooper did not witness the same wall as Jol and wondered how on earth she had managed to get past her to the outside, she sat at the foot of the bed, determined to watch over her.

Eldeen had been unable to witness the event for he had slipped away into the night, it was forbidden to disturb him from behind the curtain, thus allowing his escape.  The old man could turn the wall beside his bed into an invisible exit, he had been unaware this night that his secret wall had been mirrored on the other side of the cottage.
Detached from reality he managed once more to create his inner soul, above his head a shadow unfolded and stretched its tattered wings, once a magnificent golden bird it now looked more sagged and worn with age but still able to fly.  Many, many years before he had soared across the heavens, grand in his stature, but with age this transformation had taken its toll.  Eldeen had vowed never again to unfold his wings until it was time to soar for eternity but tonight had forced the necessity. 
Rising up into the night sky his journey would be a long and arduous one, taking him high above the Scottish mountains, across the highlands and his final destination, the islands far north known as the Orkneys.
Here lived the Ferimiah, a dangerous duo, Eldeen had crossed their path once before.  Their magic surpassed his own and tonight he sought their wisdom and the tonic which would help Jol in her unknown quest to save his people.
Back in the cottage he left behind, his human form remained a shell which housed just an ounce of the man, but enough to deceive others if they ever dared to cross his barrier.
To Eldeen's surprise the Ferimiah were waiting for him as he descended to the earth, he did not like to be found in his transformed state, at his age it left him feeling vulnerable.
“Welcome Eldeen, we have been expecting you” they spoke in unison and turned entering the cave beyond, allowing Eldeen the dignity to return to his human form unhindered by their stares.
Of course he should have known they were expecting him, the taller of the conjoined twins was a master at reading the opaque crystal globe he possessed.
He entered their humble surroundings, a large stone had been carved into a table at the centre with a wooden bench on either side, the only furnishings that could be seen within the cave.  He took a seat without being asked, you did not trifle with pleasantries with the Ferimiah, however they unusually offered him a drink, “you are weary from the flight we see, age does not bode well with you.” added the shorter one.
“Thank you, is it poisoned?” he asked.
The tall one interrupted, “why poison when you come to request our help, you are aware we will require a favour in return?”
Eldeen drank the cool water from the cup, quenching his thirst, “straight to the point as usual, you have read the crystal? then no explanations are needed.”
Taunting, the tall one replied, “you wish to accelerate time, you fear Al’ice will not be able to control his emotions, control his desires……….”
“Leave my family out of this.”
“Come now Eldeen, this involves your family, you cannot hide the truth from me.”
“Just tell me what you want.”
“I suspect you will not like our proposition.”
Eldeen drained the cup and thrust it upon the stone, “Come on then, one of you, out with it!”
Eldeen found the taller of the two more infuriating, the hump on his back his deformed conjoined sister was far more approachable.
She sensed his dislike of her brother, it mirrored her own disdain for her sibling, unable to free herself, she had grown accustomed over the years to the life of peacekeeper. “Eldeen let us all be calm, there is no need for this angst, brother pour our guest another drink, his journey has been a long and arduous one.”
Pouring another cup, the brother continued, “You will send the girl to the Elaich once the transformation is complete.”
“What insane a request, No, I will not allow it.”
“You must listen Eldeen” added the sister, “she will not be harmed, my brother has foreseen this.”
“Then why send her? to what purpose will this achieve, no-one has ever survived such a meeting.”
“I do not have to explain, I ask this of you in return for the elixir you seek.”
Eldeen rose from his seat and stepped towards the entrance, the sea crashed against the rocks below as a storm gathered on the horizon.
“I should not have come, we can wait the year, I will not send her to her death.”
“Your people die and you would wait! will she still be pure in a year, what kind of leader are you?”
The clouds were rolling as the darkness ahead tightened across the sky, Eldeen watched as his mind clouded with indecision “it is a difficult situation, with an outcome in your favour I fear, this disease could well be of your making!”
“Such accusations, I warned you once before Eldeen”
“Shut up brother, I will handle this.  Eldeen you must gift your amulet to the girl.”
“It is not time.” he answered softly.
“Please listen, the amulet if worn by the chosen one will control the power of the Elaich, she will not be harmed, she must bring the amulet to us once the meeting has taken place, we only wish to capture the power of the Elaich for ourselves.”
“Enough sister, it is of no consequence the power we seek.”
“And what can the almighty power of the Ferimiah need with the enchanted powers of the Elaich, I wonder? how do you expect her to travel such distances to visit you here?” shaking his head he added “No, it is impossible.”
The taller twin could contain his frustration no longer, “this is our only offer, here take this” he held out a small bottle encased in a framework of silver netting and full of liquid, “give her this and her blood will be mature enough to heal your people.”
“How long?”
“Time cannot be measured, you will know when.”
“You originally said two weeks, do you go back on your promise?”
“Ah yes but your impatience was clear, I have perfected the mixture.”
Eldeen eyed the small bottle suspiciously, “How do I know this will not harm her?”
“Do not trifle with me old man, why harm the one who can bring us the powers of Elaich, she will do this, we shall arrive at our summer residence by the end of the week.”
The smaller twin added, “Eldeen, the weather is closing in you must leave now, except our offer, it is the only way.”
The swell below the entrance sprayed the wavering Eldeen with the salty sea, he was torn between right and wrong, life and death.

Jez had felt the warmth for a while now, his heart a steady beat, he tried to move his body like before.  The prickles of sensation from the sheets which bound him to the bed he could feel so distinctly, but movement eluded him once more.
He listened to his surroundings, there were others with him, perhaps nurses, doctors going about their rounds, each sound echoed loudly in his mind, so loud his head began to ache.
He tried to focus on his memories to block out the awful din of his surroundings, the machines, the scraping, the footsteps, the loud whispers and anything to take his mind from the smell penetrating his nostrils.
Rambling images haunted by the old gipsy woman. Who was she and how did she know his name, his real name. Trying desperately to place the incident, Jez was confused.  All other memories had seemed strangely familiar apart from this one. His brain a crumbling wreck of his life, he fought hard to push the old grey and craggy face from his eyes.



Chapter 12

Clarintor sent the others off into the night, her disappointment when they retrieved the body from the pool all too clear.  The mortals flesh flopped onto the poolside expelling water across the path.  Kroil turned the body over to expose the chest, the face frozen in its drowned state, the eyes already bulging with the weight of the water, the skin puckered from the shock.
Clarintor knelt by the pathetic shell, placing her hand above but not touching the chest, she began to chant, the incoherent words belonged to the underworld, the darkness of hell.  Her fingers splayed and rose as the chest followed its command, rising just a few feet above the ground, Kroil and Pete watched, waiting for the soul to emerge, brought forth from the body by its tormentor.
Clarintor stood clapping her hands together as the body snapped back to the ground, she wiped her fingers against themselves as if soiled by the experience.  It was clear she was angry, never before had they seen this happen and wondered what to expect, the ghostly soul did not appear and enter their mistress, what did this mean?
She turned and glared in frustration at her followers, the soul already wandered with the un-dead, yet nothing had time to take it, a soul did not leave of its own accord unless deeply troubled or beckoned either from the heavens or the depths of hell, the former maybe but the latter she did not believe.  Left for too long and it would be lost forever, wandering amongst the fringes of life, if they could locate it before it was too late then she would have the answers.
She ordered Kroil and Pete to take the car parked out front for their search.  This would seem more normal to any onlookers at this time of night, travelling as they normally did would only draw too much attention, what with the great flashes of light and appearing from no-where.  She did not want the events of this evening to be detected by mere mortals, it would only add more complications to an already frustrating time.
Unfulfilled and ravenous for revenge, Oh she knew alright how to get to the girl, but it would mean a return to times past, a time she had long forgotten, a time she did not wish Kroil to discover, for knowledge was power and the less he knew of her past the better.  Could she trust the boy? send him back to wait for her, she would have to prepare and distract Kroil, she had already detected the whispers of his discontent, he was yet too weak to attempt an attack but it would only be a matter of time.

Kate crouched beside her neighbour’s hedge, wondering what to do as she watched the lights darting feverishly around inside her house.  It was the early hours of the morning and she had just wanted to go home.  Now she watched as the lights darted back and forth, more than one person was in there, she could run to the police station but was it worth it? There would be questions about the state she was in and where she had been, No the Police would never understand, if there were burglars inside her house, they would find nothing worth taking anyway.
Her mum had left on a two week holiday with the new boyfriend, she couldn’t remember his name and Kate was supposed to be staying with Jol and her dad.  What was she going to do? perhaps she should head over to Jol’s place.  She crawled from under the hedge and began sneaking down the side of her neighbours back garden, she climbed the fence at the end being careful not to make a sound and wake Bandit the bull terrier that lived in the next garden.  If she could just get passed Bandit then she would appear in the next street along and only six doors away from Jol’s house.
Kate was lucky, she could hear Bandit snoring in his kennel and apart from a couple of scary moments when he had growled in his sleep, she had made it.  Keeping to the tree lined shadows she ducked inside the front gate just as Jol’s front door began to open, throwing herself into the lilac bush at the side of the drive she watched as two hooded figures left the house, shutting the front door behind them.  Surely Jol’s place wasn’t being burgled as well, this was too much of a coincidence. Kate fought to control her breathing as they approached her hiding place, not speaking as one of them paused right in front of the bush, smelling the lilac in the air that she had dislodged.  She could see them more clearly now, they were the man and boy from Sam’s house, the man wore a suit and tie which looked like very expensive silk under his hooded cloak, the boy appeared more normal as if he belonged around here, the Emo shoes and tight jeans hanging off his ass, he wore a zipped up hoodie like so many others, the most commonest of fashion items, already banned from the local shopping mall if you dared to pull up the hood.
They made no sound as they walked, the silence eerily appalling, they moved swiftly and approached the car parked along the street.  The boy paused, his pain from earlier clearly gone as he looked back for a moment, Kate stifled her gasp as she saw his face, in the light of the moon, his black eyes filled the sockets, they were menacing in this light she had been unable to see him properly before, he produced a flashlight from his pocket and pointed it in Kate’s direction.  She froze in fear, sure that the loud beating of her heart would give her away, the flashlight darted back and forth then was thrown into the back of the car, the car she knew so well, the same car she had seen Mr Serason collapse in earlier.  As both figures entered the vehicle, the doors made no sound, the engine roared into life as they sped back in the direction of Sam’s house.
Kate sat in the bushes, watching the tail lights of the car drive off into the night when Stanton’s jacket pocket began to vibrate, scrambling furiously to reach the phone, she flipped it open, there was a message from Jol. 
Her heart thumping furiously in anticipation, staring at the words in front of her, ‘I‘m ok, on hols with Gran, dn‘t go 2 my hous.’
What the bloody hell was that supposed to mean? too late now, I’m here and if that was a warning against the demons creeping around the place then she had just evaded capture anyway and her Gran, where did she come from? Jol had only been going on about how she wondered if she would ever hear from her Gran again, so something was wrong, no mention of the man who had absconded with her into the night, no something was definitely wrong.
Kate thrust the phone back into her pocket and emerging from the bushes she checked that the coast was clear as she tried the front door.  It was locked, she crept round to the back of the house, that door was locked too.  The curtains on the ranch slider had been left open and she could see the devastation inside, everything tipped up and emptied out. As she wondered what the hell they were looking for she spied Alice’s food bowl still in- tact and full of food, that’s odd she thought I wonder where he’s got to, maybe ran off in fright at the intrusion, then she remembered what Stanton had said about the séance and wondered if he was somehow with Jol.
Looking down at her bare and dirty feet confused as to why they did not feel cold, there were clothes still hung on the line, walking up she felt if they were dry and began to look for anything of Jol’s she could wear.  Helping herself to a pair of shorts and t-shirt she quickly changed out of her wet clothes, then she spied Jol’s battered old trainers she used for the garden, they were left at the back door and would have to do, her reflection in the window cut a sorry sight but at least she was dry for now.  Sitting on the back step she felt the inside of Stanton’s jacket to see how wet it had gotten, her hand found a concealed zipped pocket.  Opening it she found a brown leather wallet, and opened it feeling like a petty thief, surely Stanton wherever you are now will forgive me, she thought.  It contained his New Zealand drivers licence, he looked serious in the photo, the tears pricked at her eyes again as she thought of his body floating in the pool.  There was a bank card and a visa card, not much use without a pin number, a couple of receipts, one for a book called 'Truths of the first world war' and the other had just amounts on it.  She found 3 twenty dollar notes and a few coins and although it was stealing, Stanton would have no use for them now. Sitting there she wondered what to do, those figures, those creatures could return, she should get away but to where?  She figured they must be after her if the night so far was anything to go by.
Kate remembered her mum had left her battered old Toyota Corolla at home favouring instead to travel in the new fella’s Holden, well you would wouldn’t you!  Kate could take that, it was an automatic like so many of the cars here, she had driven it before, but where would she go, with sixty dollars for petrol, how far could she get?
Kate had told Jol once about this crazy old woman she had met on holiday at Lake Taupo when she was 5, she had got lost in the woods and the old lady had taken her to safety, her name was Moana.  She had met her again only two years back when mum had dragged her back to that same bloody holiday camp.  If the old lady was still alive she would know what to do, Kate had sensed there was something strange about Moana, almost as if the night’s tale would not come as a surprise.  If she wasn’t there? well she would hang out in her hut for a while until she came up with a better plan, that’s if she could remember exactly where it was.  She returned the wallet to the jacket, decided on her plan.  I shall go to Taupo and look for the old woman, if she’s still alive.  She ran back in the direction she had came only this time Bandit was awake and pacing the garden, something had him rattled.  She paused at the fence wondering whether to risk it when he turned in her direction, the dog stared right at her and began sniffing the air, then returned to his kennel.  That’s odd, he had seen her alright, Kate decided to risk it, after all he was not always a menacing fighter, on a couple of occasions he had let her stop to say hello, you just never knew with Bandit, he could turn at any time.  She crept as far behind his kennel as she could manage and scrambled over the gate expecting the snarling beast to chase her at any moment, her heart was beating so fast, how much excitement could one girl take!
After listening carefully for any intruders, Kate lifted the small laundry window out the back and standing on tip toes, managed to reach the key in the door, she had done this many times before and had become quite skilled at the art of breaking and entering into her own home, mum had never given her a key because of this.  Kate thought about stopping and getting supplies, but all her clothes were already locked in Jol’s house, something told her to hurry, she didn’t want to be caught.  She reached for the blue dish where the keys were kept and found mums car key, she only hoped she could get it to start ok without alerting the neighbours.
The car was left unlocked, it always was, it wasn’t worth stealing anyway, there seemed to be more rust than car, it had failed the last warrant of fitness but that never stopped mum from driving it to the shops and back.  Mum had a habit of leaving the tank empty and sure enough the red light came on as soon as she turned the key.  The engine coughed into life and Kate hit the gas and headed for the only station that would be open at this hour, the one on state highway one, she just hoped the car could make it.
The attendant was no-where to be seen so Kate began to fill it up, watching the numbers tick by as the gas pumped.  Maybe he had gone to the bathroom, he’d be back soon, 20, 25, 30, 38.77, the pump clicked in defiance as the tank filled, it was only a 1.1 litre engine, didn’t take much to fill her up.  Kate headed over to the counter to pay and rang the bell, the lights were on but no-one was home.  She rang the bell again, surely someone was here, they would be able to see her on the CCTV.  Kate stood impatiently and grabbed forty dollars from the wallet and shoved the notes through the slot to the counter.
This was no time for hanging around, she returned to the car and it hiccupped as she turned the key, probably not used to being this full, so she pumped the gas as she turned the key for the second time, the engine coughed and coughed then roared into life, Kate saw the attendant as she headed towards the road and waved, he just stood and stared after her as the little car headed North.
Kate woke with a start, she had fallen asleep whilst driving, this had given her a fright, and she pulled over onto one of the many side stops for weary travellers.
Turning off the engine she noticed how cold it was, I have got to stay awake she thought, raising her hand to her hair, that was still soaking wet, I’ll have pneumonia at this rate.  Looking out of the window into the night she tried to get her bearings, the full moon had moved in the sky, to her right an expanse of nothingness, to her left a large shape protruded from the ground on the horizon, lit by the moon she recognized the shape as Mt Ruapehu, beyond that the famous Mt Ngaruahoe from the Lord of the Rings movie, aptly named Mt Doom.  She was on the desert road.  A barren lonely place to be on your own, she had travelled this route before, the favoured route to Lake Taupo, over the next ridge would be the descent to the great crater lake.
This the land of the gods that commanded her country, the great volcano’s were alive, threatening the fringes of life yet everyone came here to marvel in their beauty.  Holding her head back against the head rest of the car she closed her eyes, the scene before her still etched on her lids, no time to sleep I must move on she thought.  Turning the key the car coughed and died, she should not have turned off the engine. 
Oh Crap! what do I do now? she was so close yet too far to begin walking, she turned the key again in the vain hope it would work, this time the car coughed twice before dying, well that was a good sign, two coughs this time.  She waited a few seconds and tried it again, one, two, three coughs and the car roared back into life, she was back on the road, on her journey of hope.
As predicted over the next ridge the descent began and with each turn a different view of the crater lake, the last time she had been here the water had been so warm as the surrounding hills expelled their steam.  There had been an ominous feeling then, a sense that the hills were waiting, sending warning signals, but the steam was not unusual in these parts, just a hint of what lay beneath.  Two days later Mt Ruapehu erupted, shooting plumes of ash so high they could be seen by passing planes, the le-hares, the slides of ashen grey either side of the mountain defiling the snow,  the evidence of the nights activities.
Kate approached Turangi at the southern end of the lake, the red light began to glow, the tank was running on empty, just enough to get to the gas station she hoped as the car bunny hopped to a halt just short of the turning.  Switching the key to off, Kate checked the wallet for the 20 dollars she had left, it was not there, she looked in the coin compartment, one dollar 30 cents, where was the note?  Perhaps she had dropped it back at the gas station in Kapiti, she had been in a hurry.  Kate stuffed the wallet back in Stanton’s jacket, she would have to walk the rest of the way, she considered hitching but the dangers far outweighed the advantages and she knew that was a bad idea.  She pushed back the seat and pulled the lever to lower the back, she would sleep for now, get something to eat in the morning with the change then head off on her journey, at least Jol’s trainers were more suited to long walks than the silly pumps she had lost back at Sam’s house.

Jez woke up with a start and looked around, he was in the barn at home, working on his old bike, he wiped the oil from his hands, it was red like blood and he could hear the voice in his head, “Try it, TRY IT!”
He had been working on this bike for a couple of years, why would it suddenly work now? “Try it, TRY IT!”
He turned the key and kicked it over, the engine purred into life and the barn spun around him as his arm began to hurt as if he had been stabbed.
Looking for the source of his pain he saw a male nurse above him, injecting his arm, the needle had stabbed but whatever was in the injection sent pain coursing through his veins.
Jez tried to reach across to stop him but his body was numb and he found his eyes were closing over, he was slipping away back into the dark the barn had left behind, back into the dark abyss of nothingness.
His angel did not come to save him this time, perhaps this was the end.



Chapter 13

Jez awoke from his deep slumber to the smell of cooking and raised his body onto one elbow, slowly focusing his eyes on the interior of the cottage.  His lumpy mattress left knots in his shoulders, a feeling not uncommon to the nights spent asleep in the barn back home.  Home was too strong a word, he had dreamt of his motorcycle, hidden behind the crude false wall he had created in the barn and hoped it would still be there on his return, the way his grandfather was selling everything up he even wondered if there would be a farm left.
Jez rose and peered through the window of the cottage, the snow still hugged the ground but at least the sun was a welcoming sight, he wondered how long it would take the snow to melt.  These people were becoming interesting now that he appeared connected somehow, he was keen to investigate the outside, perhaps the people of the village could explain more to him, anything to get out of this cottage.  The four walls were already closing in on him, too long in a musty room like this was enough to stifle any young man’s spirit, he felt like a caged animal.  
As he rose, towards the door, Eldeen pulled back the curtain to his sanctuary, “Ah Jez, I must speak with you, please alone” he motioned for Jez to sit beside him, “your father Jez, I believe was my brother, we lost contact many years ago, I must know of his fate.”
Jez was surprised and realised what the old man was getting at, he was keen to get outside this oppressive room, he was not ready to confront the stories his mother had told him, he dropped his head to the floor as he contemplated how to say he was not ready without hurting the old man’s feelings.
Eldeen, keen on the truth, lifted his cold bony finger under Jez’s chin, “I understand if this is painful, but I must know, his loss has eaten away at me for a very long time, if it helps I can extract the truth from your memories…”
Jez pulled his head back from Eldeen’s finger in defiance, “It is alright Jez, please do not be frightened, I promise to only read the truth of my brother, all other memories and thoughts I will ignore, it will be painless, please let me.”
Eldeen held his long bony hands out pleading to Jez who eyed him suspiciously, “Please, I promise.”
It was difficult to refuse his pleading eyes and warily Jez nodded in agreement.  Eldeen placed both palms either side of Jez’s temple, much in the same way as Al’ice had when he cured Jol’s eyesight, “Now, please close your eyes.”
Jez saw the images of his own mind flash before him, his mothers words were soft and full of love and sorrow, the images his own conjured from her tales, for he had never met his father.
Eldeen lowered his hands from his face, it had lasted just seconds, “thank you, your mother was an angel to your father, his final days were at least happy in the knowledge he had become a father again with hope for the future, for you must understand, he had no idea at that time if Al’ice were alive or dead, thank you Jez.”
The reading had been surprisingly painless and quick, Jez struggled to find the right words, “So, he is my half brother, right?” he managed.
Eldeen nodded in agreement, “His name is Al’ice Jez, these were not the words you wished to hear?”
Jez returned to the window longing for the sun to burn brighter and the welcome heat it would bring, the cold and embarrassment of last night still etched in his memory.
“I do not believe, running off again would be wise young man, after yesterday you are not ready to face the cold.”
Jez turned to the fire and eyed the bubbling pot, the lid jumping allowing the steam to escape, “we will need more logs to stoke the fire, where are they kept?” he was avoiding the issue of Al’ice, trying not to accept the truth.
The door behind him opened and Cooper stood in the recess watching Jez’s movements as she addressed Eldeen, “Good morning Grandfather, Jez? I think perhaps grandfather, we will need to chop more logs for the fire, what do you think Jez? are you up to the task?”
His hairs prickled on his neck, he did not sense danger, this was a different sensation, his stomach grumbled as he replied, “sweet, where do I go?”
“Don’t be so hasty, you are hungry are you not? have something to eat first and…..”
Jez interrupted, “I‘ll be fine, am used to an hour’s hard labour on the farm before breakfast and I feel great” he lied.
“Let me give you a jerkin of water for your thirst and I’ll show you where we keep the wood.”
Cooper handed him an odd shaped leather pouch, plugged at one end with a clump of wood and filled with water, as she opened the door to the crisp morning air, the sun streamed into the room, like a fluorescent light had just been turned on.  She stood like an angel in the doorway, the sunlight illuminating her whole body, Jez was stunned by her beauty in the light.
“Well come on then, follow me” she called as she disappeared from sight.
A wall extended from the back of the cottage and returned, creating an alcove out back, it was crudely topped with planks of wood, strange Jez had not noticed this before he thought.  Beneath the canopy a pile of wood and a great axe ready for the toil, just like back home.
“Thanks I’ll be fine from here” he nodded to Cooper his face burning as she paused and watched him lift the axe.
Back in the cottage they had much to discuss against the dull thuds of the axe, finally Eldeen ate his breakfast in silence, deep in thought.  Cooper had cooked up a pot of what looked like porridge, the last log of the fire keeping it warm.  She did not eat but had resumed Jez’s stance staring out of the window, “so Jez is my cousin also, I wonder what Al’ice will make of the news on his return, he should be back soon should he not?”
“Yes, it seems Elsaac did not fare as well, at least he found comfort in Jez’s mother before his death, she appears to have been a remarkable yet troubled woman.”
“Jez will exhaust himself if he carries on like this, such stamina!”  Cooper surprised herself at her comments as the sounds at the back of the cottage ceased, they could hear his boots crunching in the snow as he trudged alongside the cottage, banging the door open.
“Thanks for getting the door, cousin” he said sarcastically as he dropped the pile of cut wood beside the fire.  Cooper held a bowl of the porridge out to him in apology.
“What is it?” he grunted.
“It is not unlike what you would call porridge I believe.”
“Nah, no thanks, don’t eat that muck” and he turned on his heel.
The door banged violently shut as he slammed it on his way out, “he doesn’t want to be here, does he grandfather?”
Eldeen nodded in agreement, “he is a troubled soul, like his mother.”
“Do you think his mother could tell us more about Elsaac, more than the stories in Jez’s head?” she asked.
“No, I am afraid that will not be possible, his mother died when he was five, he has been raised by his grandfather, not unlike you except he was a rather vulgar human as I gather.”
“Oh! did he tell you that?”
Amusement twinkled across the old man’s eyes, “no unfortunately he has yet to learn that we are terrible liars, reading his mind was most enlightening to the point when I realised I had gone much too far.”
“Grandfather, you are awful, what did you see?”
“Not so awful that I will tell tales Cooper.  No, if you want to know more about your new cousin then you must find out for yourself.”
“Point taken, and what do you think of Jol’s little visit to the pool last night, any thoughts?”
“We do not know what power she possesses, and as you are aware, our powers do not materialise until the day of our eighteenth birthday but then we do not carry the blood of an angel do we?”
“But until she is eighteen we do not even know if she will possess the power to cure our people.”
Eldeen agreed with his granddaughter, “exactly! we shall have to keep an eye on her and keep her pure until that time comes.”
“No-one would touch her knowing the power she may possess, we will keep her close to our people.”
He nodded silently, listening to the dull thud of the axe knowing only too well it was his own kind that gave him the most cause for concern.
Yesterday had been one hell of a day and I had slept for ages, in fact it was the best sleep I had in ages, the thick blanket was much better than my duvet back home but the thought made me feel guilty.  I had soon discovered the blanket was real fur, I hate the thought of animals being hurt and wondered what creature it had belonged to.  I absent mindedly run my fingers through the dense hair enjoying the sensation it gives, as my stomach rumbles and I realise just how hungry I feel, when was the last time I had eaten?  I couldn’t remember, I can’t even remember how long I had been here, time was slipping away, if only my watch hadn’t needed a new battery then I would have worn it the night of the party, the party almost a distant memory.  I need to get a grip on reality and find out what day it is, my phone would tell me home time, have I missed my birthday? It had been yesterday or had that been the day before?  The more I try and get a grip, the more confused I become.
At the foot of the bed were a pair of what looked like fleece lined leather boots, they were worn and discoloured, I eye them suspiciously and pick them up.  My stomach rumbles again as I instinctively reach for my bag containing a small bar of chocolate, my emergency bar, never sure what constituted as an emergency but surely now would fit the bill?
A waft of cooking creeps under the ill fitting door as if to answer my question, so I put the chocolate into the pocket of my jeans, just in case, and make a grab for the boots as I head into the next room to investigate.
I’m stood in the doorway and see Cooper with her back to me, staring out the window, Eldeen is sat on his usual stool sucking on a long bony tube producing smoke from the end.
“Ahem! are these for me?” I ask holding the boots up in front of me.
Cooper turns and smiles at me adoringly, yes adoringly! yesterday she had seemed so distant.
“Yes, if you do not mind, they are my old boots but they should serve you quite well, more suited to the weather here, try them on.”
I sit down on the nearest stool and look around at all the stools wondering why there are so many in such a small room.  My bare feet meet the soft warm wool inside the boots, the feeling against my skin as wonderful as my bedcover, more dead animals.  The boots are tight against my legs and come half way up below the knee, I have to turn up my jeans to allow them to fit.
“They do feel good, is Al’ice back yet?”
“No child, there may have been complications with the snow, it can upset the travel sometimes, do not worry so, he will be fine.” replied Eldeen.
I missed Al’ice, although he looked different now, he was still a comfort to me and I did miss his new look, as cute as he was as my cat, I think he looks better in his human form.  I blush at this thought, he is so captivating, but I don’t really know him, but those eyes, ‘stop it girl,’ my emotions had caused trouble once before and I don’t want to hurt him.
I am desperate to know if the plan had worked, I hold a picture of his face in my mind, close my eyes and smile, I can’t help but be spellbound, even as a cat he has the most beautiful eyes.
Cooper distracted my thoughts as she hands me a bowl of porridge and a warm drink, “here you must be hungry, I have made this especially for you.”
“Oh thank you, I um, I have used the bucket” I reply sheepishly.
“No worries, I will see to that, eat up, nothing to be embarrassed about.”
I was embarrassed, again!, this primitive existence did not afford the luxuries of a flushing toilet and hot shower and I could really do with a shower, detecting my own body odour was not pleasant, I actually envied Jez the chance to have a long warm bath, even if it had been to save his life.
Looking around the room I ask, “where is Jez?”
“Listen” came Eldeen’s reply.
I can hear a dull thud, thud, thud from behind the wall of the cottage, “what is that?” 
“The chopping of wood” is all he would say, then added, “for one who sleeps so long you look tired, a drop of this in your tea should pep you up child, it is a tonic I use for such occasions.”
Eldeen produces a small silver looking bottle from his tunic and lets a drop fall into my herbal infusion, the drink which Cooper has given me.  I have not tried the clear liquid yet and watch as the small droplet disperses, clouding the drink. 
The old man taps me gently on the shoulder encouraging me to try it, “you must be thirsty child, go on, I promise it will not put hairs on your chest.”
Well that’s a comforting thought! I sniff at it, it smells innocent enough not unlike the earl grey mum used to drink but I hate that.  Lifting the cup to my lips, I  take a sip, it is surprisingly good, I quickly down the rest, invigorating like the feeling you get after a shower with one of those fruity body scrubs yet warm and comforting, almost as good as a chocolate rush.  Of course I have no way of knowing if that is just the drink or the droplet which has made it that way.
“So this is tea? what flavour?”
“Just tea,” is my answer.
I approach the fire and the steaming pot.
“Thirsty for more?” he asks.
“I will take some to Jez, it is cold outside, this will warm him up.”
I grab my cloak from the bedroom and pour some of the tea into one of the wooden mugs, taking care not to spill the precious liquid as I open the door to the elements.
The brightness of the sun takes me by surprise as the warmth belies the coldness of outside.  I follow the sounds from behind the cottage and find a recessed area which must join onto the back of my room, Jez has his back to me, his jacket lay across a pile of larger logs as he swings the axe high, it crashes onto the wood, splitting it in two.
“Ahem!  Jez.” He carries on oblivious to my presence, wielding the heavy axe onto another chunk of wood, the muscles ripple across his back against his tight t-shirt as sweat drips from his forehead.
“Jez” I shout, raising my voice an octave. The axe swings, missing its target, he stops and leans on the end of the handle to catch his breath, glancing across at me with moody eyes.
Jez stares at Julianne standing before him, leaning against the edge of the wall. Her face radiant in the suns glow, the cloak huddled around her shoulders and then he catches sight of her legs and feet and begins to laugh.  His face crinkling, losing the moody eyes.  “Where did you get those ugg boots?” he asks through the laughter.
Jez had always been so pent up and angry before and well, this was nicer, the first time I have seen him smile, he seems more human for once. Then I realise he’s laughing at me. I look down at the pathetic fashion statement I’ve created with the folded over jeans and realised just how ridiculous I look, I can’t help but laugh with him.
“I know, I know, at least my feet are warm and dry, may I?”
I point to the pile of logs and begin to sit.  Jez quickly swipes his precious jacket from the crude seat and hangs it from his shoulder.
“You’re rather partial to that jacket aren’t you?” 
“What!”
Oh! touchy subject. “Here I’ve brought you some tea, thought you could do with warming up.”
He eyes the liquid warily and sniffs the aroma, “tea?” he asks.
“Try it, it’s really good, will warm you up, go on, I’ve had some.” I add encouragingly.
Jez felt the heat of the liquid through the cup warming his hands, he glanced at me before lifting it to his mouth and taking a huge swig.
His huge adams apple glugs at the tea. He looks exhausted, with the sweat pouring from his temple, his hair wet from back breaking work, beads running down the side of his face.  He suddenly gags and spits the remainder to the ground.
“I thought you said it was good?” he says, wiping at his mouth with the back of his hand, he lets the axe fall against the side of the wall.
“I like it! You should rest you don’t look well, Jez are you alright?”
He wavers from his standing position and slumps down upon the huge chunk of wood used as a base for chopping, running his fingers through his hair the beads of sweat splay across the snowy ground in front of him.
He looks terrible. “I should get Cooper” I say as I begin to rise.
“NO, SIT, I’m fine, I, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to shout.”
He sits with his hands resting on his knees and staring as the droplets of sweat sink into the deep snow leaving a pattern of dots to reveal their presence.
I’m only too aware of the fragile state he was in the night before and feel angry at the others for making him chop wood.  “Have you eaten?” I ask.
Jez shook his head, “I’m not the porridge type.”
So we sit there, in silence for a while, both staring at the sweat spots in the snow. Then I remember and pull the chocolate from my jeans, “here, take this.”
“Sweet, what’s this?” he asks as he takes it from my hand.
“It’s my emergency bar, looks like you need it more than me.”
From his seated position, his face now hidden in the shadows, it was hard to read his expression as he unwraps the chocolate. He must be ravenous. He breaks off a chunk and offers it to me first.
“No you’re ok I’ve eaten, I am the porridge type.”
Jez nods and savours the taste as he breaks off more of the chocolate, he had not realised just how hungry he was and nods his appreciation.
“Who’s that on your t-shirt?” I ask, breaking the silence, “I’ve seen the image before, he’s somebody famous?”
Jez flicks the sawdust from his chest, “It’s Che Guevara.”
“Oh! who’s he?”
Jez found talking to girls a little awkward, it wasn’t really something he had done very often, “Guerrilla fighter, fought alongside Fidel Castro against the corrupt Cuban dictatorship of.......um.......General Baptista? yeah that’s his name.”
It shocks me that he knows an historical fact, he doesn’t look the type but then perhaps the story was well known.
I didn’t know how to reply, so broach the subject of how we got here, thanking him for saving me from the demon, whatever it was. I never believed in things like that before, now that we’re here, in this strange place, I don’t know what to believe.
“Why did you do it Jez, how did you know what was happening?”
He begins, fumbling over the story of his friend Pete’s disappearance and how he had to join the library to try and find out what had happened.
Jez looked at Julianne as she stared at him spellbound as he tells the shortened version, what was it with girls? always wanting to talk, “So what brought you to New Zealand and that party?” he asks trying to throw the attention away from himself.
I explain how I didn’t want to go but Kate had pushed me into it and how Kate had become my best friend since the move. I find myself telling him how I had been lonely and missed England, dad had forced me to come following mums death. The tears threaten then, as I tell him I miss my brother.
Jez found his mind wandering as Julianne babbled on, he heard a sound from the front of the cottage and listened to what was happening through the cottage wall, nodding occasionally as if he were listening.  He could hear quite clearly the heated discussion between the old man and Al’ice, yes Al’ice was back, great! Another confrontation he wanted to avoid.  He listened to their every word and then Cooper joined in calming the situation, he was taken aback at what he heard and forced a smile in Jol’s direction, it was hard to believe they shared the same fate now, how they had lost both their parents.
“So Jez, is that your full name or is it short for something?” I ask.
The sun was now high in the sky, we had been there for a while.
“Don’t laugh” he replied, “it’s short for Jerimiah” he raises his eyebrows at the name.
“Oh! is that religious or something?”
He was about to reply when I hear voices out the front of the cottage.
“That’s Al’ice!” I jump up from my seat unable to contain my excitement.
“Wait!” Jez makes a grab for my arm, “he is arguing with the old man, perhaps you should wait.”
His sudden grip was harsh, I didn’t like his tone, “you’re hurting me!”
Jez releases his grip, “sorry.”
So I stand beside the wall trying to eavesdrop on what is being said, desperate to see him and know what was going on, but the words were unclear, it did sound very heated though.  I saw his body first, storm round from the front of the building, his face taut with frustration, in his hand a bag, a bag I recognise.
Not able to step back quick enough, I’m caught listening but Al’ice raises his head and his face lights up, the tension draining away. “I’ve got something for you” he smiles that deep warm smile of his and holds up the bag, my backpack for college, why did I need that?
Catching the confusion on my face he adds, “I’ll explain later, come on” he reaches for my hand and takes it leading me away from the cottage.
My heart is racing, “Hey slow down, where are we going?”
“You’ll see” he turns and winks, my knees almost buckle beneath me.
Jez pulled his jacket back on as he watched them leave from the back of the cottage, a stab of anxiety in his chest when he saw Al’ice, how could that be his brother, half brother he corrected himself, his hair tickled at his neck again like before.
Cooper had stood silently by the wall, watching his expression, wondering what thoughts were running through his head.  Jez was surprised by her appearance, how long had she been there?
She approached him carefully, “I have brought you these Jez, as you have not eaten, I have baked these for you.”
“What are they?” he asked quickly concealing the chocolate wrapper in his jeans pocket.
“We call them, crancakes, like a biscuit.”
Jez took one and bit into it, at last she had made something edible, kind of a bland but sweet oat biscuit, these would do, he nodded his appreciation as he stuffed another into his mouth.
“Enough wood chopping for now, I think” she added noticing the huge pile already for the fire, “I’ll help you move these later, how do you fancy some fishing?”
“Sweet, where are the rods?” he mumbled, through his mouth full.
Cooper gave a hearty laugh and slapped him on the back, he nearly choked on his biscuit, “we do not use rods, come I shall show you.”

Through the darkness another mind had entered his, invading his space, he could just make out the thoughts, a soft voice talking to him, no to herself, but somehow he could understand.  Their thoughts became one and they both agreed both minds were searching for the other, I need your help, what should I do?
'Jol' he remembered her name.
Jez's eyes were open and the light burned into his right eye the left still sore and tender, it was the strip light on the ceiling.  He looked away and tried to focus, a deep pain in his chest, in a bed opposite there was another patient, a man who looked familiar but he couldn't remember who it was.  The man was hooked up to some machine with lots of wires and the same steady beep that Jez had heard for days.
Someone passed the foot of his bed and he tried to speak but the words did not come and then they were there beside him but he couldn’t turn his head to see.
“I can see" he wanted to shout but his mouth did not comply.
“Vital signs good, still no change" the figure moved to the foot of his bed and placed his notes back on the hook, frustration engulfed him, why can't they see my eyes open?



Chapter 14

Clarintor watched as Kroil and Pete hoisted the body from the pool into the trunk, on top of the body of the car’s driver.
“Drive north, into the mountains, a deep ravine should do, plenty of foliage, bodies can be lost for years before discovery.  Make sure you plant the bodies in the front as discussed, it must look like an accident.”
They both nodded at their mistress and went to enter the car.
“Wait, Peter you will stay, I want to know more of the place she has been taken, you will stay with me.”
Pete glanced across at Kroil in the driver’s seat, worried now about what Clarintor wanted, she could trick him into revealing the truth.  Kroil nodded at him, echoing the fears on his face, “Be strong, you can be strong” is all he said before speeding off into the night.
Clarintor watched them, curious at their exchange she turned her back on the boy and re-entered the house heading out back towards the lake, knowing he would follow like an obedient puppy.
Pete wished he could move like the others, he struggled to keep up as she glided towards the lake, he was scared of her and tried to compose himself as he ran from the back door.
Clarintor sat on the bench of the summerhouse waiting for him, tapping her fingers impatiently against the seat, an unnerving sight indeed as she rarely sat in his presence.
“We shall have to do something about you, Peter.”
He eyed her warily as he came to a halt, he never knew if one-day she would finish him off, was she about to do that now?
“You are far too slow, come here boy.”
So this was is it, she was finally ready to finish what she had started before Kroil’s interference, perhaps he were better off dead but he had only just discovered the thrill of his snake like form, that would be lost forever.  Clarintor held her left hand against his body and began to speak, the words were not harsh like before but more lyrical.  Pete stood there a willing victim for he knew to run would be futile, she was a powerful demon and he even wondered if Kroil had matured enough to confront her.
Kroil wanted him to bite her once his venom had been perfected, enough to subdue her then the rest would be up to Kroil and if he failed?  Pete shuddered at his thoughts, could she read his mind, he may have unwittingly betrayed their plan already.
He looked into her eyes, they had rolled back on themselves as she spoke, the blackness a haunting void, luring him in.  Letting go of her powerful grip, he dropped to the floor like a stone.
“Ah! yes I should have released more slowly, I am sure you will forgive me, rise up Peter and try out your new power.”
Pete stood slowly, there was no pain this time and he was not completely dead, he rose steady to his feet, no pain anywhere in his body, what had she done to him?
“Well move boy, she how quickly you can run to the house and back” she commanded.
She watched him run, glide effortlessly and swiftly towards the house, the movement smooth and fast but he could be quicker, he would need practice at this new found skill.
Pete was exhilarated at his new found power, “thank you” he said bowing his head to his mistress on his return.
For a second she was almost human, she patted her hand on his shoulder and in a moment of weakness added, “Well done, try it again.”
On his fourth return, she stopped him, “enough now, you must return to the other side and observe, I will join you later.”
“I do not know how to?” he bowed, adding “will Kroil be joining us?”
She scowled at him and thrust her hand forward, her temper propelling his body out across the lake just inches from the surface, he stopped and hovered in mid air, his face frozen in terror and in a flash he was gone.

Kate wandered in the direction of the town, she had been here before and tried to remember where the supermarket was, she saw the large i of the tourist information centre, she could get a map for her journey that might help in determining a short cut.
On entering the shop she felt uneasy as the assistant looked up at her and stared, ok I may look like crap she thought but there’s no need to look at me like that!  She walked over to the stand of free guides and looked for one with a map.  The best one seemed to be a guide on fishing sites in the area which she took, glad to get back outside as the air became cooler and drops of rain started to fall.
Across from the information centre she could see the supermarket and ran towards the entrance as the rain began to fall heavily, her hair soaking once again.  She took the dollar and thirty cents from Stanton’s wallet and decided to look for something to buy that would keep her going.  As she meandered through the aisles, there were other shoppers, mothers with children crying, a pushchair in her way, a group of olds chatting about the good old days, a grossly fat woman eyeing up the cakes, her equally fat husband already stuffing samples from the cold counter in his mouth, all oblivious to her existence.
The rain drummed on the metal roof as she scanned the shelves, a few of the other customers eyed her suspiciously, or was it the floor they were looking at?  Kate turned to see a trail of water along the aisle she had just been in, perhaps the store had a leak.  Rounding the corner she found baskets of bread piled high and took one of the budget loaves, she had just enough to pay for it.  More stares from other shoppers were beginning to unnerve her, an old man in front of her at the till seemed to take forever, his arthritic fingers struggling against the folds of his wallet.
Staring up at her from the shelving were the sweets they always placed at the tills to entice the children and annoy the parents, some chocolate right now would have been good but she did not have enough money.  Finally she got to the assistant and placed her measly loaf on the counter beside the money, there was something wrong, the assistant just stared at the counter in a kind of trance, Kate took the bread and left.  These people were weird, everyone staring, perhaps the townsfolk were unhinged, she began to wonder if she had jumped from the frying pan into the fire.
The rain still pummelled against the roof as Kate stood next to a line of trolleys wondering what to do next, she was clearly drawing far too much attention to herself as she clocked the two security guards whispering to each other as they watched her every move and she hadn’t even done anything wrong.
Kate ran across the car park towards a street of houses opposite looking for shelter, halfway down the street she spied an empty looking house with a carport at the side and ducked down the driveway.  She was pretty wet again and sat upon a pile of logs against the side of the house under the carport waiting for the rain to subside.  The drips turned into a torrent as they spilled over the edge of the plastic roof, this summer downpour had to end soon.
Feeling the bulge in Stanton’s jacket she decided it was time to have a look at the old book, after all there was nothing else to do as she sat there.  Not much bigger than the palm of her hand, the battered old leather binding had seen better days, she flicked through the pages, what she did try to read didn’t make a lot of sense, Latin or something like that, she smiled at the painful memory of Stanton reading the text.  On the centre page she stopped flicking and stared at the pages in disbelief, the black and white picture before her had four leather bands hand drawn on the yellowing paper but there was no mistaking the familiar pattern of Jol’s leather wrist band, she had seen it the night before when her best friend had put it on for the party, written on the page underneath it were the words, Jannes Ore Luissenn.
Startled by a movement to her left she caught sight of people walking down the street, a lot of people, there was something strange about them, the rain had now slowed to a drizzle, she returned the book to the jacket pocket and grabbing her loaf she decided to go and see where they were headed.  As she approached the head of the driveway, each person turned their heads to look at her then faced forward again as they walked on.  That was weird she thought, looking down the road they had disappeared, looking back in the direction they had come from there were more heading in her direction, this time she would watch where they were going.
As they approached, in turn they all nodded at her as the others had done when her attention was drawn to a barking dog.  Down to her right he came wagging his tail, he sat down beside her, “Hello cutie, you look just like my old dog Jasper but when he was a lot younger.”
She bent down to pat his head and he licked the side of her face, tickling just like it always used to.  Realising the flow of zombie figures had stopped she turned to look down the street and they had disappeared again, it was strange, she wondered what was going on. The rain now stopped, she turned to look down at the dog by her side, “better go home before you're missed my friend, time I was off.”
Kate had been travelling the road for about an hour or so on foot, she had passed Tokaanu with the lake to her right, when the river came into view up ahead, she remembered the bridge from her childhood holidays, this was a good sign, at least she was headed in the right direction.  She had considered thumbing for a lift but common sense prevailed, she knew that could be dangerous.  She reached the bridge and descended underneath to sit by the river for a while, it dawned on her that she should have been planning what they saw at the movies by now with Jol for her birthday treat, they still hadn’t decided what they would see so she wasn’t really missing out on anything.
Where was her best friend? she checked Stanton’s cell phone, there were no more messages, ‘happy birthday Jol’ she sent the text hoping it would reach her friend in time, she knew she should eat, trouble was she didn’t feel that hungry.
Sitting on the grassy riverbank she heard panting from behind and turned to be met with a large pink sloppy tongue washing her face.
“Hey Jasper stop it, where did you come from?”
There was no sign of anyone else in the area, he must have followed her from the town.  Her Jasper look alike lapped at the water’s edge then turned to head off downstream when he stopped and looked back at her, walked a bit more then stopped again, sensing that he wanted her to follow, she picked herself up and went after him.
Reaching the mouth of the river he disappeared through some bushes.
“Hey wait a minute” she called, “I can’t get through.”
Looking for a way, there was a small gap to the side which she managed to crawl through, to find Jasper inside a small wooden boat wagging his tail, “you clever boy” she said as she ruffled his ears, “what a good idea!”
Looking out across the lake she could see a familiar looking beach further along and realised that rowing there would take half the time as walking.  If borrowing the boat, it would be best to leave at dusk, less likely to be seen, so she settled down for an afternoons snooze with her faithful dog at her side, she just felt so tired lately.
Several hours later Kate struggled to open her eyes, Jasper was pressing his cold nose against her cheek willing her to wake up.  It was dark now, far too dark, maybe she had missed her chance but maybe she could manage in the light of the moon.
The moon was beginning to wane but still gave plenty of light to the clear night sky, from the lakes edge the stars seemed so close and magical in their reflection on the water.
“What do you think boy?” asking her faithful companion as she sat upright on the grassy bank, “shall we do it?”
Jasper barked in agreement. Strangely it did not echo.
Picking herself up, the boat moved with incredible ease as she gently pushed it into the water.
Kate was finding the boat difficult to manoeuvre and was sure she had passed the point of her original heading, the currents too strong.  It didn't help when the cloud had drifted over obscuring the moon several times, she began to feel that she would be drifting until morning.  Jasper began to bark, alerting her to the shore, now lit up once again by the moon, there was a small patch of sand, she had to go for it.  As the boat hit the bank Jasper jumped onto the shore watching helplessly as Kate struggled to pull the boat in.  Luckily for Kate the trees canopy reached as far as the water’s edge, she did not have far to drag the boat out of sight.  Exhausted she collapsed onto her backside with the final tug on the rope.
Looking into her companions deep brown eyes she whispered, “I'm too tired to go on mate, let’s just rest here a while.”
She fell back against the grassy bank, her mind spinning, closing her eyes she felt the thud of Jaspers body against her back as he snuggled in to sleep, it was good to have the company although his body offered no warmth at all.  So much had happened since arriving at the party, her aching limbs sent a numbness creeping through them, Stanton’s jacket still held his musky smell.  Kate longed to turn back the clock, to be able to warn him not to start this charade, all of this had been his fault, he had started it all yet her heart ached for the man she had known only briefly, she tried to erase the image from her brain of his floating body in the pool.
Her mind a sea of images, the dream began with a swirling mist that at first covered the crater lake until it rose up into the clear night sky, forming the shape of a great blue whale which jumped and flipped over swishing its tail before diving into a sea of mist.  The smoke crept to the edges of the lake which sparkled now like the stars, a galaxy of lights living under the surface, the lights grew stronger, so sharp and intense it was blinding until at last they formed the shape of a crystal which ascended to the heavens, spinning as it rose.  Kate was walking across the water trying to reach the crystal, mesmerised by its splendour.
The whispers stopped her in her tracks, 'He will find you, he has found you, your soul will be his, you cannot hide from him.'
She woke with a start, Jasper frantically licking her face to wake her, she looked closely at him, “can we hide Jasper?” she asked as she threw her arms around his neck for comfort.

His thoughts blended with his memories and the present as he tried to remember Jol, her face eluded him, lost in the shadows.  He could hear her voice, he had surprisingly never held a proper conversation with a girl before but remembered their talk.  Her voice soothing him at first, then another interfered with his thoughts.
This voice was older, it sounded like his bedside angel but he couldn't be sure.
“Hello JD, it’s only me, I've finished my shift now, just thought I would pop by for a little chat.  Its 2 am, not that I suppose that helps you much.  I’ve been keeping a close eye on you when I can.  I wish I knew your name son, I'm calling you JD cause that’s the initials on the inside of your jacket.  I've been wondering what the J could stand for and I've settled on Jerimiah, hope that’s ok with you?  Anyway now we are alone I can tell you this is the start of your third day here at the hospital, you are in intensive care, in a coma.  No one knows who you are but don’t fret I'll not tell them what I think.  You are a very handsome young man, but don’t go getting your hopes up, I'm old enough to be your great granny, no doubt you have a young lass somewhere who'll track you down.  I'm just going to sit here and do some knitting, be warned if you lie there long enough you'll end up with one of my famous jumpers, and you don’t want that.  Now funny thing is I've only got black wool left and I've a feeling that could be your colour, going by what you were wearing when you came in.  You know Jerimiah you remind me of someone I used to know once a long time ago.”



Chapter 15

I really should do more sport I think as I'm panting my way up to the opening through the great pines up ahead.  I stop to catch my breath, the climb had been quite hard on the slippery snow and I was glad of the boots Cooper had given me.  Al’ice strides effortlessly as we climb along the ridge until a break between the mountains, which has revealed a dense copse of trees beside. He stands in front of me as I appear in the sunlight.  We are standing on a slab of rock jutting out from the mountain, the ideal platform to witness the valley below, I’ve never seen such a kaleidoscope of colours that shimmer in the sunlight.
“Wow! How can this be, why do you not live here in this beautiful valley? why is there no snow?”
“Alas it is just an illusion Jol, created by Eldeen for our people.  It is a reminder of our lands, from where we have come.  We can only enter for the coming of age ceremony and to hunt.  There are many troubled clans of humans which surround us, they fight each other for their lands, we chose the most uninhabitable spot that would sustain us.  We have no desire to upset the natives, the less they know of our existence the better, the illusion sustains the deer that we hunt, we are careful not to hunt from the surrounding mountains, it would only anger our neighbours.  I dream of returning to our land one day but uncle believes this is all we have left now, this is the land I recall as a child before we came here, you like it?”
We sit down upon the rock, warmed by the sun, I didn’t much like the sound of hunting deer but I’m not stupid enough to expect everyone to live on berries and tofu.  I undo the cord at my neck and allow the cloak to fall behind me, this is worlds apart from where we had just been.  Drinking in the vision before me, the valley walls are covered in trees, trees I do not recognise, not green as one would expect but purples, pinks even burgundy.
Pointing I ask, “Is that a road?”
Al’ice follows the direction of my finger, “No, it is a river.”
He watches my expression intently as I drink in the fantastical sight, wishing the look on my face could be captured forever, he did not wish to break this spell with his news.
I marvel at the golden glow of the river in the sunlight, as it winds across the valley floor, the shimmers of yellow are dazzling, and the grass the greenest I have ever seen.
I turn and watch Al’ice as he removes his cloak, revealing the modern clothes he wore beneath as he shook out his tied hair, I can’t help but stare at him as my heart stuttered, I can’t believe what I’m seeing.
“What is it?” he asks.
“It’s you” he was the boy who had me spellbound, “you were at the party, I saw you.”
“Ah yes, my time with you has opened my eyes to your world Jol, although I am still getting used to those sounds you call music” he smiles although his eyes do not sparkle as before.
“Do you like Kamerrean?” he asks, diverting his eyes from my gaze.
“It’s perfect.” 
A slight wind sweeps by throwing my hair across my face, Al’ice lifts his fingers and gently tucks the loose strands behind my ear, my heart leaping at his touch.
He turns back to the vision as a serious look washes over him, “I have news of your father.”
I watch his expression, he seems troubled, my stomach flips as I wait for him to continue.
Al’ice had not been held up by the snow on his return, he had gone to the house he once shared with Jol and her father and sat there in the dark, brooding over his dilemma.  Ashamed to admit his failure to execute the plan, he had sat in silence as the pain she would suffer engulfed his body, so connected did he now feel to his precious Jol he wanted to shield her from the truth, to protect her.  He had sat for hours until morning came, it was a grey misty morning matching his mood, he had not wanted to leave knowing what he must do.  She had no parents now, both gone within a year of each other and both on the eve of her birthday, he knew nothing now would console her but he would try, he would be there for her.
The intense scream was so loud it sent a wobble across the wall of the illusion, my sobbing heart beating against his chest as he holds me close, the news of my dad’s heart attack was never going to be easy.  He rocks me gently in his arms, brushing his long fingers across my hair as the tears flow, soaking his shirt, I hold him tight, holding in the pain, my arms locked around his waist, as we sit in silence but for my sobs.  Al’ice would sit by my side for as long as it would take.
When my sobs eventually stop I do not move, afraid to think about what had happened, I want to stay lost in this moment.  Al’ice respects my silence and gently lies back on the rock still holding me tight in a sorrows embrace.
The previous evening had been long and he was tired, he watched Jol’s head rise and fall on his chest with each laboured breath, he closed his eyes and thought about the news Eldeen had given him, the news of his half brother.  His chest tightened at the thought and he tried to relax, he did not want to alarm Jol further.
Al’ice’s father had been one of the brotherhood, the leaders of their people, whose wife had died in a horrible accident back on Kamerrean, he never spoke of the tragedy, so racked with grief for his soul partner and with no children of his own, he had adopted Al’ice at the age of two.  Al’ice had no recollection of his real parents, they too were killed in the same accident, crushed by falling rocks so he was told.
He had been very close to Elsaac until that fateful day he disappeared on their journey to Earth, he was only ten.  The feeling of loss washed over him, he knew what Jol was going through, he was roused from his thoughts by Eldeen calling to him, the voice telepathically in his mind.
“Al’ice, Al’ice, are you there?”
“Yes uncle” Al’ice’s reply sad and remorseful.
“How is she coping with the news?”
“What do you expect, her heart is too heavy with the pain, this may take awhile.”
“I understand, she needs you but we have little time to prepare her…”
Al’ice cut in, “what do you mean? we have a whole year before she is ready.”
“Our kind cannot wait that long, more have the curse as we speak, I have a plan that will accelerate Jol’s potential.”
“If she is harmed in any way uncle……”
“Al’ice, do not let your emotions cloud your thoughts, careful, you may wake her, do you not realise I can sense your feelings for her?”
“I am aware the salvation of our kind is paramount, I would never jeopardise that uncle.”
“She will not be harmed I can assure you but within the week she will come of age, I cannot say anymore than that.”
Al’ice’s heart flipped, he would not have to wait, it did not seem right though whatever his feelings for her, “uncle, she must be allowed to grieve.”
“When she wakes Al’ice, I give my permission for you to enter Kamerrean, take her to the sacred river, it will cleanse her of the grief, we must not delay, then you must return for the preparations, I have another task…”
Al’ice cut in again, “do not tell me, I can guess, does this task have to fall to me, Cooper is more than capable……”
“You are brothers, only you can explain what kind of father Elsaac was.”
“Why should I?”
Al’ice was angry again.
I mumble as I re-positioned myself against him, he lays a comforting arm across my body.
Eldeen had grown weary and struggled with his last sentence, “I will say this only one last time, you are destined to replace me Al’ice as the leader of our kind, our people respect my choice, do not disappoint me in my final hour.”
Eldeen coughed as he left Al’ice to ponder on what had been said, he had indeed been grooming him to take over, it was quite clear his uncle was growing weaker and would not be able to command for much longer.  He was proud to be chosen as leader above Cooper but then Eldeen knew that Cooper would not stay around for much longer, her heart belonged elsewhere.
The dream washed over my grief and smothered it, taking over my thoughts, a body emerging from the water, slowly yet purposely, I witness the vision as if the body were my own.  Looking towards a human mass slumped beside the water’s edge, just at the mouth of a cave where the darkness crowds the vision, I approach slowly checking the man’s pulse for signs of life.  I am staring at the man he is barely alive but still breathing, his white shirt torn from his arm, he did look familiar, I reach down towards his face and the vision clouds, confusing my thoughts.
When I finally raise my head, it is to rouse myself from the shock induced sleep the crying had led me to, my neck now stiff from the way I had been lying.  I feel strange, not from the hurtful news or the wet puffy face I now have but I can sense something else, the dream had seemed so real and the water had left me with a clean feeling over my body.  I look down at my hard pillow, my tongue trying desperately to moisten the furry feeling in my mouth.
Al’ice opens his eyes, “are you ok?” he asks, “need a drink?”
The sun was still high in the sky and warm against my skin but surely I have been asleep for hours, my worn and tired eyes nod in reply as he reaches for my school bag and hands me a leather pouch filled with liquid.
“A gift from Eldeen” he says as he removes the wooden stopper and hands me the pouch.
I allow the liquid to refresh my mouth as I savour the taste, it is the tea but it tastes even better than before, I let the good feelings counteract the bad as I drink and rub the sleep from my eyes, trying to ignore the aching feeling in the pit of my stomach.
Al’ice watches closely, “do you have any questions?” he asks.
I think carefully before I reply, “where are we Al’ice?”
“I believe you know this land as Scotland.”
I nod my head, I had been to Scotland before and the land did look vaguely familiar, “what year is it?”
“You ask such strange questions, do you not have any about your father?”
I pull my knees to my chest, picking at the dry skin around my thumb, I am trying to avoid the issue of dad, if I can just ignore it then, then maybe it will not be true, “how long have we been here?”
“Time does not exist, when visiting the valley, I have no idea.”
“What do you mean time does not exist?”
I stand too quickly, disorientated by his statement and stumble, my head woozy.  Al’ice watches as I stagger towards the trees knowing too well I will not find my way on my own.  I stop at the entrance and lean against a tall pine, trying to get my bearings, I peer into the darkness of the canopy.
“Al’ice, the sky is so dark, I can see the stars up ahead, I don’t understand.”
He is behind me now, taking my arm and leading me back.
“As I said, time does not exist here in the valley, in the corner of our world, Kamerrean.  The sun always shines, the birds always sing and the darkness will never fall on our land again, thanks to Eldeen.”
We sit back upon the rock in the heat of the sun. 
“But what day is it?” I ask, “time seems to pass so quickly here.”
Al’ice thought for a moment, then sprang to his knees, all excited, his eyes sparkling once more, I revel in his enthusiasm as he reaches for my bag.
“I almost forgot” he said “if it is night beyond, then hopefully I have made it in time, in your world it should still be your birthday, happy birthday Jol.”
He hands me the bag to open. 
“Eldeen gave you the drink, he said as you liked it so much he made an extra special recipe.  Cooper asked me to collect you some things from the house, things she said you would need.”
Things I would need, I open the flap and loosen the drawstring, on top a clean pair of jeans from the laundry, and my new turquoise t-shirt with a spaghetti pattern on the front, I’ve not had chance to wear it yet, I find my roll-on and toothbrush and paste.
“Oh Al’ice I could kiss you.”
He grins enthusiastically, “Go on, there’s more.”
He was as excited as Jol and enjoyed her lightened mood while it lasted.
I recognise the shop branding of the small plastic bag and blush, concealed inside the folded tissue paper the new bra and knickers I had brought on a whim when out shopping for the t-shirt with Kate, too embarrassed to try it on, the bra had turned out to be a size too big.  I love going shopping with Kate, hunting for bargains, chatting and laughing, I remember the lunch we had, arguing over what film to watch at the cinema for my birthday treat, I prefer action movies whilst Kate is a chick flick girl.  At least Kate is still alive, I hope, as I fold the tissue quickly trying to hide my embarrassment.
Al’ice watches as my face reddens, “I did not think it appropriate to go through your clothes and caught sight of the bag on my way from your room, I just thought you might like it.”
It was clear he was trying to ease the moment, I remember showing them to Kate the day I had brought them and remember Al’ice asleep curled up in a ball on my bed, I have no way of knowing now if the sleep had just been a pretence.
He placed his hand over mine, “Try not to forget, I know quite a lot about you Jol, I did not intentionally invade your privacy, I just find you……..fascinating and I did leave the room every time you changed, your dignity is intact!”
“Well that’s alright then, I suppose,” I raise my eyes to meet his stare, this time he looks away embarrassed.
“OOOH you’ve brought my Grans box.”
“Did I do alright?” he asks.
“Yes, this is perfect, thank you Al’ice.”
“But there’s one more thing, this was my idea, check the side pocket.”
I eye him suspiciously, not more underwear I hope as I undo the zip, inside a large bar of chocolate, a little soft from the warmth of the sun.
“I know how much you love chocolate.”
This was the bar from the fridge but that didn’t matter, I threw my arms around his neck and kissed his cheek, for one awkward moment I feet his body tense, he does not speak.
“I’m sorry,” I pull back, wondering what I have done wrong, “shall we return to the others?”
A shudder went through his body as my lips brushed his cheek and caught him off guard, it took a few seconds for him to compose himself.
“You wish to return in the dark? no I have other plans, Eldeen has given me permission to allow you to enter the valley, we cannot avoid what has happened Jol.”
At first I thought he referred to my impromptu kiss and then it hits me, like a ten ton truck, my dad.
Al’ice stood and commanded “come, let me show you our haven, Kamerrean.”
He takes me by the hand and steps towards the outer edge of the rock as I wonder what he expects me to do, he steps forward through the wall of the illusion and onto stone steps which appear miraculously, still holding his hand I follow him down into the surreal valley.
The descent was incredibly easy, the stone steps were like walking on air and the grass, velvety to the touch, with each step my feet sank into the deep pile.  I look around in wonder, on each side of the river large strips of the deep pile grass are flanked by the most incredible trees, I’ve never seen trees so tall and such a wondrous colour almost different shades of burgundy which flow across the bark as if in a gentle breeze.  The rocks along the edge of the river are like polished ebony, yet the pebbles under the water are a brilliant white.  I sit on the grassy bank mesmerised by the shimmering light, the water looks so clear up close, I can see every form of life sustained within.  There are little fish darting back and forth like neon lights and crab like creatures which pick their way across the bottom and there is something else, I can see movement amongst the pebbles but cannot see what it is.
“Fancy a swim?” asks Al’ice.
I look back at the creatures under the water, not so sure it is a good idea.
“Come there is a deeper pool up ahead, we can swim there.”
Al’ice has already removed his shirt and vest revealing his slender yet toned body, wow! To my relief he keeps his shorts on and dives into the pool, not a splash as his body spikes gracefully through the water.  The sun is so hot the water does look inviting but I’m not so sure, I mean the water looks transparent, what am I supposed to wear? I can’t swim in my jeans, my top is long enough and I do have clothes to change into but….
Al’ice must have sensed my hesitancy and called, “It is ok, look.”
He stands chest height and spins quickly like a dancer on ice, I can hardly believe my eyes as the water turns into the golden colour I had seen from above, I cannot see any of his body beneath the water.
“No Looking” I order as I take off the boots and put them beside my backpack.  After carefully removing my jeans, I lower myself gently into the inviting water still wearing my underwear and party top.
“Ok, you can look now.”
The water as warm as a Jacuzzi is strange to the touch, not like water at all more like the texture of milk, I begin to swim towards Al’ice, careful not to swallow any of the precious liquid just in case.  I am not a strong swimmer and the breast stroke is really all I can manage but as I move a feeling of calm engulfs me, as if everything will be fine.  I duck my head under the water to wet my hair and begin to giggle, Al’ice swims up behind me and puts his arms around my waist, resting his chin on my shoulder he smiles that dazzling smile and I giggle some more, swimming away from his grasp, I feel so happy yet I don’t know why.
Al’ice began swimming around me in circles revelling in my laughter, his Olympic strokes powerful, then he dives under, I can’t see him through the milky surface but feel the rush of water as he passes me by and emerges behind as I swirl around trying to locate him.  He slaps his hands upon the surface splashing my face and begins swimming in circles again as I try to recover.  I’ll show him!  But as I attempt to catch up with him to retaliate he suddenly stops and stares back towards the river bank and at the tree line, he stands, droplets of water running from his chest.  I follow his gaze to a group of deer feeding on the grass at the edge of the wood, they must all be females because none of them have antlers.  In succession each one lifts their head as if alerted to danger, they fix their stares on me. As Al’ice emerges from the river, do they all dart off quickly, back into the wood.
I swim towards him at the edge of the pool and lean on the grassy bank to haul myself up, forgetting my inhibitions from earlier.  Al’ice just stands, staring into the trees.
“What’s wrong?” I ask, worried by his reaction, “aren’t they beautiful, did we frighten them?”
It took a while for Al’ice to turn and face me, he looks puzzled, “the deer never come into the open like that when we are here,” he shook his head, “I shall tell Eldeen of this, it is most strange.”
“Perhaps they didn’t realise we were here” I add, wondering what all the fuss was about.
“Hmmmph!” came his reply.
We sit in silence for a while drying off in the sun, to shy to speak, I’m not sure what to say, or even know if Al’ice wants to talk, he seems different now.
Eventually he speaks first, “how was the swim?”
His voice rouses me from my lazy daydream, the warmth of the sun on my skin is fantastic, I turn on my side and look at him.
“It was……….remarkable, Al’ice?”
“Hhhmmmm.”
“How did I know to call you Alice that day I found you?”
“I think you will find that I found you!” he raises an eyebrow, “telekinesis but it failed my name is Al’ice.”
I think about the voice in my head from the night before, I thought it had been Jez, maybe it had been Al’ice, I could not help but smile at him.
“I almost got it right, have you tried this telekinesis thing since?”
He looks at me, I can see disappointment in his eyes, “No.”
Then it was Jez who had entered my mind, or was it just another dream? I wonder why Al’ice hadn’t tried again but it’s clear from his reaction it was best not to mention it again.
“Al’ice, how do you change into a cat, can you do it at anytime, can you show me and change now?” I ask changing the subject.
Al’ice nods as if in agreement but avoiding the issue he adds, “You look great! perhaps you want to change before we leave?”
My cheeks flush hot, only now remembering my bare legs as his gaze wanders across my body.  It would be great to have clean clothes but I can’t tell him my new underwear in the bag is the wrong size, which I had bought by mistake and meant to return.  I do feel a little uncomfortable though as if the water has shrunk my clothes, the cloth is cutting into my skin.  I grab my bag and head off in the direction of the trees.
“Where are you going?” Al’ice calls.
“You don’t think I’m changing in front of you do you?”
“Don’t go in the trees” he commands.
“Why not, you still worrying about the deer? come on I’ll be fine I’ll stay near the edge.”
“Be quick then and call out if……. well if you need to.”
I am already at the tree line when I begin to feel a little nervous from his comment, as I disappear from sight.  I look around, the trees are that dense I can’t see too far but all is quiet and I feel great after that swim, what exactly is his problem?
I begin to remove my top and see how my bra has already begun to mark my skin from the tightness, I look down at my breasts, I swear they’ve grown larger.    Perhaps this place is playing tricks on me, I take out the new underwear and try it on, perfect fit, weird! maybe I had been wrong about the size.
I freshen up and begin packing my old clothes back into the bag when I hear a sound from behind, I rise gently and turn my body towards the sound.  From the trees emerges a magnificent stag, he stops just a few feet in front of me, he stares right at me, his nostrils flaring as if sniffing the air.  I’m in shock at the great beast before me and gently back my body up against a tree, the calm I first feel in his presence is quickly taken over by the enormity of his great antlers, each with four points, what if he decides to skewer me against the tree.
“AL’ICE” I shout, too frightened to move.
The stag looks out in the direction of the river, then returns his gaze, he bows his head, turns and disappears into the trees.
Al’ice is already by my side at the tree, “What is it?” he looks around for any sign of danger.
“I, oh it was just a noise that startled me” I add, worried that he would go off and hunt the stag down.

Click clack, click clack, click clack………….
His mind was in fury, stop it, stop that bloody noise!
Click clack, click clack, click clack……………
‘Nooooooooooo’
Jez opened his eyes, the pain had returned, noises, no more silence, it had all been a dream, but what was that bloody noise?
His hearing was exceptional, he remembered, he could hear more than the average human.
Jez had managed to open his right eye just a fraction, the left was too swollen, it still hurt to breathe, he felt as if he had been punched recently.  He watched the old nurse sat beside his bed, was she his angel?  She must be very old indeed, deep lines were etched across her face but she moved like she was much younger.  Her grey hair had been forced up into a bun beneath her head gear with a few wisps of black to one side, had he seen her before somewhere?
“Hello Jerimiah, how are you? On this fine day, not too shocked at how old I really am are you young man? Well that will do for now, your jumpers almost finished Jerimiah.”
She could tell that he could see her, but how? Nobody else seemed to recognise any change in his condition but this was the one with the angel’s voice and he knew that there was something special about her.



Chapter 16

Cooper had convinced Jez to change temporarily into the toga style garment he had been forced into the night before, it had taken much persuading.
“You cannot fish in those heavy jeans and that jacket Jez, unless you wish the current to drown you.”
She laughed when he emerged from the cottage, standing there in the dress like garment, he had kept his t-shirt on underneath and of course his jockeys but he stood there awkwardly still wearing his boots and socks,
“Well what you laughing at, I put it on didn’t I!”
He approached the edge of the river and eyed Cooper suspiciously, “so you expect me to stand in the fast flowing and freezing river after almost dying last night?”
“Oh don’t be so dramatic” she replied, “the water is quite warm and refreshing, watch.”
He stood and watched as she looked upstream then followed the flow as if something had caught her eye, allowing her hands to drop below the water.  She was incredible, her face radiant from the suns glare on the water’s surface, he could not see through the current what she was following but as soon as it was level with her body, the movement was so fast he could hardly believe what he was seeing.  Coopers hands rose from the water, both clamped tightly around the trout which she flung in his direction, the fish landing at his feet.  He looked at it as it thrashed from side to side its mouth gaping open and shut, he picked up a stone and thumped in on the head putting it out of its misery, before he could look back at what she was doing another two landed with a slop sending a spray of water across his legs.
“What the, give me a minute will you” he moaned as another landed plop right next to him as he was still despatching the previous fish.
She stood tall in the water, the cool strong current did not seem to bother her in her stance.
“Well are you coming in or what?" she called.
He looked at her standing with her hands on hips invitingly, he knelt and felt the water, “its bloody cold” he replied.
He didn’t want to make a fool of himself knowing all too well that he would never be able to catch a fish by hand, “I’ll stay here and finish em.”
“Pity and you got all dressed up for nothing,” she replied as she began the raucous laughter once more.
Jez let her laugh, it was good to see, there was usually an unnerving vibe around here and the laughter broke the intensity.  Then almost as if in answer to his thoughts, he felt the hairs prickle on the back of his neck again, he looked around him, this time the sinister sensation had returned.
“Jez what it is?” asked Cooper sensing his anxiety.
He didn’t answer at first but rubbed at his neck, at the irritation, in these strange surroundings he was unable to locate the direction of the source.
A deep roar echoed across the valley partnered with a flash of light, Cooper had stepped onto the grassy bank beside him, water dripping from her body and looked in the direction of the sound, her eyes fixed.
“Thunder and lightning?” he asked hopefully, although he sensed this to be untrue.
“No, it is not!” she had her serious face back, the light mood now passed.
Eldeen emerged in the doorway a grave look upon his face, “you must investigate” he commanded, “we cannot have distractions now.”
Jez wondered what that meant, Cooper was already grabbing hold of her wooden staff from the side of the cottage.
“Is it the demon?” he asked.
“We cannot be sure, no demon has ever crossed our lands before, it may only be a break in the timeline.”
“I’m coming with you, wait I will change” he raced inside the cottage. 
By the time he returned she had already left, he looked in the direction of the east trying to remember the route of his arrival when Eldeen gripped his arm.  For someone so frail at times his grip was like that of a young man, Jez looked at his face questionably.
“You are not ready for such confrontations, first you must find your hidden soul and channel your aggression.”
“What the hell does that mean?”
“Jez, please, I wish you to stay here, we have these fish to prepare for supper do we not?”
That vibe was back, the intensity hung like a thick fog as Jez accepted his fate as babysitter to the old man, his uncle, ha!  They sat on rocks facing each other beside the river, Jez careful to select a position for detecting Coopers return as they cut the innards from the scaly fish.
“Have you tried brown trout before?” asked Eldeen as he watched his companion’s edgy demeanour.
“Uh, No.”
“Well you will like it, not as good as the rainbow mind, but tasty all the same.”
Ten fish now lay on the grass, their guts returned to the water, the flesh now ready for cooking, Eldeen picked one up and showed Jez how to wrap the body inside one of the huge leaves growing amongst the reeds.  Jez copied his actions, still looking towards the mountains in the east.
“I know that Jol’s father is dead,” he looked at the old man for a response and received none, “I hope Al’ice has broken the news gently, she has been through quite a lot.”
Eldeen nodded his head as Jez spoke, “so have you Jerimiah but you are right, Al’ice is not the parasite you think, she is not alone.”
Jez looked down at his boots unwilling to betray his thoughts.
“Perhaps you would care to fetch some of that chopped wood of yours, we shall cook the fish here beside the river, the smell will be unbearable in the cottage don’t you think?”
Jez agreed, in such a small room the smell would linger for days.  He made light work of collecting the wood and piled it around the smaller twigs used for lighting.
“Now for, as you might say, a parlour trick, watch!” Eldeen lifted his finger and a torch of fire expelled from the tip catching the twigs at once, Jez was pretty amazed, “thought you would like that, it is always impressive the first time, a necessity after that.”
“Hhmmmm, what’s cooking?” Cooper asked, as if she didn’t know.
Jez looked up stunned by her sudden appearance, where had she come from so fast? he had only just checked up ahead.
“Well?” he asked anxiously waiting for any kind of secret glance between her and Eldeen.
“If anything entered through the timeline then I could not detect it, no tracks, no scent, but we should keep alert just in case.”
“A demon would not leave any scent or tracks?” questioned Jez.
“Perhaps, but then evil leaves a distasteful stench in the air.”
“How do you know?”
Eldeen interrupted,“let us worry about that later, I am extremely hungry for once.”
“Would Jol eat fish?” asked Jez, “we should leave her some.”
“She will not be dining tonight, Al’ice has everything in hand.”
I bet he has thought Jez as he helped them inside with the cooked fish, he looked up at the ridgeline Al’ice had taken her to earlier, I bet he has.
The fish tasted really good, Cooper shook her head as she contemplated the man before her, his eye had already started to turn yellow, he was a quick healer. 
“You are very bold, you should bear the mark of a fighter.”
“How do you mean?”
Cooper pointed to the mark surrounding her arm, “very similar to this, I only have this mark because of my ancestry, traditionally the strongest of men bear the mark of the fighter, those selected to hunt and protect the village.”
Eldeen interrupted, “as you know, our people are not like the Celts that populate this land, this valley was chosen for its harsh weather and remoteness, we do not wish to anger the Celts.  They appear to have separate communities which attack each other and fight for supremacy over the land.  That is not our way, the Celts are unaware of our existence, until such a time we can integrate peacefully we are trapped, here in this valley.”
Jez listened as he admired the intricate pattern surrounding what looked like a shark, on Coopers arm. 
“What my grandfather is trying to explain, we cannot allow anyone to detect us, we already live by our own means which will not impeach on the natives of this land, we have no wish to fight due to the disease that plagues us.  Our whole lives could be destroyed, we have no escape until the plague is eradicated.”
“Jol is the key, once she is of age we will know if the healing gene has been released, we have waited a long time for this, unfortunately her mother did not carry this gene” added Eldeen, “but we digress from the issue, you should bear the mark, your ancestry commands it.”
“Well what will it look like, I don’t want some lame moko design and where are the tools, this is going to hurt isn’t it?”
Eldeen raised the sleeve of his garment and revealed an intricate design of interlacing patterns of reds and green, geometric lines of knot work and spirals incorporating what appeared like the image of a bird, and not just any bird, a great bird of prey with enormous wings.
Jez was spellbound by the image, “will mine be identical?” he asked.
“No” replied Eldeen “you must allow me to look into your soul, this will reveal the image and only this image can be traced onto your arm.  The pain you will feel will be unlike any other pain you have endured.”
Jez looked at Cooper for answers.
“I cannot explain what you will feel, for some it is an enjoyable experience, others do not speak of it, only you can control the pain Jez, control shapes it from your own knowledge, into a unique effect.”
Jez removed his leather jacket and took off his t-shirt exposing his muscular arms, “come on then, let’s do it before I change my mind.”
“Cooper fetch my staff” commanded Eldeen, “now Jez, we shall go out to the river where you must stand before me.”
She handed the old man a long stick made from a strange coloured wood, polished so that the knots stood out along the shaft.  He raised it level with Jez’s face and began to mumble, this reminded Jez of the incoherent song of the Red Indian from films he had seen.  The glass like globule at the head of the shaft began to emit an amber glow as Eldeen continued his ramblings.  Jez’s eyelids began to droop as he lost his mind into a swell of black, like fish darting back and forth blocking his way.  Jez felt angry, then sad as a solitary tear rolled from his eye, a familiar voice told him everything would be alright as a delicate finger brushed his cheek taking the tear and the hurt from him.  His heart glowed with love as the fish parted to reveal a woman in the distance, his mothers cornflower blue dress gently blowing against the wind lifting the dress slightly to reveal the top of her leather biker boots, his mind moved closer to her as she beckoned, her black hair whipping around in the breeze concealing her face.  As he got closer, she smiled and then jumped from the rock into the sea, a large fin breaking the surface.
Jez had leaned so far forward Cooper only just managed to catch him before he fell, lost to his unconsciousness, she splashed his face from the river to waken him.  As the fin cracked through the surface of the sea, Jez felt the cold spray on his face, opening his eyes he found himself laid back on the grass, Cooper’s incredible deep brown eyes bore into him as she scooped more water from the river over his face.
“Hey, stop that” he shouted.
Then it came, the incredible itch all around his arm, he reached across to scratch the irritation, when Eldeen brought the staff down hard across his hand.
“OW!” Jez looked at the amber head of the staff and remembered what had happened.
Eldeen was glaring at him, “you must not touch the mark, no matter the pain you feel.”
Jez pulled himself up to a sitting position and surveyed the damage.  The whole of his left bicep was encased in blood, an oozing sticky mess that itched like crazy,
“I can’t see it.”
“You will” nodded Cooper, “just give it a day then the image will reveal itself.  Time for some Kalchai training that will take your mind off the itch and I promise not to whack you on the arm.”

Pete landed unceremoniously amongst the trees that surrounded the clearing, his body slack from the landing, his nostrils twitched as they caught the scent of the aromatic heather, again.  He opened his eyes, the image blurred, blinking several times he did not feel right, he glanced about him wary of being detected and realised he had transformed into his snake like body.  His clothes were no-where to be seen, had Clarintor done this to him?  Or just the surprise of her forcefulness when she had sent him across the timeline?  He wrinkled his nose to prevent the sneeze that threatened him, he hated these damn flowers.  He peered out across the empty clearing knowing too well that his appearance would not go un-noticed, the last time he had travelled there had been a great flash.
His mistress had ordered him to watch and wait, it was too cold up here on the edge of the mountain, he descended slowly into the valley taking care to avoid the heather spread amongst the rocks.  The remnants of snow clumped sporadically hindered his approach and chilled his body, the smell of fish re-awakening a desire for food which soon faded.
As he weaved down the mountain he wondered if Clarintor had done this to him, if she had, then his secret was out and she had read his mind but he had perfected the blocking technique Kroil had taught him and was sure she would have killed him if she had known.  If he had transformed himself then his clothes could be back at the lake as before and he had no idea of how long he could sustain this form, he would need to locate clothes from the village below, being found naked was not on the agenda.
He paused beside a rock as the woman he had witnessed earlier sped past him on the way to the clearing, she must have detected his arrival, but she would not be looking for a snake.  Once she had passed he continued on towards the smell of fish, where there was food there were people and clothes and he could watch and wait, hidden in the shadows until his mistress came for him.

In a clearing between the cottage and the river, Jez had been sparring with Cooper for several hours, the itch on his arm waning.  Kalchai seemed to be very similar to a form of martial arts by his reckoning and he had been given Eldeen’s Kalchai staff known as the Kalchi to borrow, an honour only before bestowed upon Al’ice.
Jez was astounded by Cooper’s strength and agility, the aim to catch the other off guard and sweep them from their feet before stabbing them through the heart.  Of course this was just practice and they avoided the stabbing part but she was good and had outsmarted him more than once.  His shins, knees and arse were sore, not as painful as his damaged pride as he picked himself up from the ground once more.  He was growing tired but would never admit defeat, strike after strike reverberating along the weapons shaft into his muscles and sending twinges of pain across his bloodied arm.  Thrusting quickly he had at last caught her off guard and cracked her shoulder so fiercely she stumbled to the ground.  Jez extended his hand to help Cooper to her feet, she whipped up the Kalchi behind him and cracked across his back.
“Never drop your guard!” she demanded, already on her feet for the next fight.
He glared at her in anger, their eyes met and he was transfixed by her vigour and beauty.
Concerned by his gaze Cooper suddenly turned her back on him and leapt into the river, Jez shook his head, he would never understand women.  As he moved closer to the water’s edge he realised that she had not come up for air, where was she? Without a moment’s thought he dived in after her, the panic rising as he could not see anything but the weeds before him.  He forced his head above the watery jungle for air, spluttering as he blinked the murky water from his eyes to find Cooper sat on the river bank watching in amusement.  Something moved on her neck, he rubbed his eyes and looked again but there was nothing there.
“I'm flattered you came in after me,” she shouted, his foolish pride hurt as his face flushed, she had been mocking him for sure!
“Best get yourself dry, you really shouldn’t get that arm wet, let the air dry your arm, if you rub it now it will become infected.”
Lifting himself from the water he looked at his arm again, the sparring had taken his mind off the itch, the blood now glistened from the moisture of the river and seemed to bubble.  It was like a dense matted paint job, the red mass encasing his bicep and he wondered if he had done the right thing agreeing to it, as it was, the blood was so thick he could not imagine what lay beneath.
The clouds above had closed in, darkening the sky, another night trapped in the confines of the cottage awaited, wrapped in a blanket again!  Now he knew of the connection between them, he was keen to learn more about his father and where he was from, an evening with the others did not seem so bad after all.
As they returned to the cottage Cooper stopped him at the door, he looked over her shoulder to see Eldeen stood in the middle of the room, he gripped his staff, his knuckles white with the tension, Jez was alarmed to only see the whites of his eyes.
“Progress has been swifter than first imagined, return at first light for the test.”
Eldeen swaggered then slumped onto the stool behind him as Cooper rushed to his aid, something was going on and Jez didn’t like secrets.
“Why did you stop me at the door?” he demanded.
Cooper glared at him, annoyed at his interruption as she threw a blanket in his direction,  “you can use Jol’s room to get out of those wet clothes, ” she helped Eldeen to his bed behind the curtain.
Jez returned to the main room, the blanket wrapped tightly around his body and placed his wet clothes near the fire to dry. He had considered the toga like garment for just a second favouring the large blanket instead.  He took out his frustrations on the fire, poking at the embers before throwing another log on.
When she finally emerged, her finger to her lips, she whispered “please, no shouting, Grandfather is most fragile.”
“What was he doing?” he asked trying to keep himself calm.
“Talking to Al’ice” she replied, “it is a form of telekinesis.”
Jez thought about the strange exchanges in his head between him and Jol, perhaps it had not been a dream after all, “can I do that?” he asked.
“It is possible, we have much to learn of your abilities, I am curious though, you have explained how you can sense danger, if that were so I think you would be more skilled in Kalchai, you allow your emotions to cloud your judgement, you must stop thinking and let your instincts take over.”
“My instincts tell me you are hiding something, you do not trust me even though I am supposed to be family and what’s with Al’ice, what is wrong, is Jol ok?”
Cooper nodded as if in agreement and placed her hand on his shoulder, “all is well, you are very concerned for Jol I notice, she has a great gift bringing us all together.”
“You speak in riddles, if Eldeen is that fragile but all is well, then why did he risk talking to Al’ice, something must be wrong.”
“Al’ice contacted him.”
“Well yeah that sounds about right, only thinking of himself, does he not realise how old his uncle is?”
Cooper was good at hiding her thoughts and emotions, how did she keep so calm he wondered.
“You do not like Al’ice do you?” she asked.
Here we go avoiding the questions again, “I don’t know him!” replied Jez raising his voice.
“Sssshhh!  Grandfather needs to rest.”
Jez sat on the stool beside the fire, the heat was slowly cooking his arm, the blood now like a layer of thick wax set around the muscle, he wondered if he could start to pick it off.
“Please do not pick your arm, it must be left alone, I promise you all will be revealed by lunchtime tomorrow.”
“Sweet, are we talking about my arm or all the other secrets you have?” he replied.
“I cannot tell you everything Jez, it is not my place, Eldeen has requested Al’ice fill in many of the gaps, you are brothers, it is only right.”
“Well that’s something to look forward to!” he replied sarcastically, “when‘s he supposed to do that, I mean how long does it take to tell someone their dad is dead? My parents are gone, I could have done that, I know what it feels like!”
“Al’ice has experienced loss and pain such as you.”
“Yeah right!”
“I will tell you what has happened and why Al’ice contacted Eldeen if it will calm your anger, perhaps the more direct approach is needed and Kailch?”
Jez willingly took the Kailch she offered, drinking from the cattle horn which offered much more than the other mugs they had used.  As the warmth washed over him, he did feel calmer and more relaxed as Cooper explained about Kamerrean.
The illusion of their homeland created by magic by the great Eldeen, from here they would hunt without taking from the Celts, their only nourishment from the deer and the calarni fish as these were the only true creatures they could eat from within the illusion.  The trout from the river would not be missed by the Celts as they passed down the river, due to the sheer numbers. When death comes to the people they return to the land as the creatures of their inner soul, Kamerrean is full of the souls of their ancestors, transcended to eternal harmony.  The deer feed deep in the forests, an elusive breed it can take many days to hunt them, for the first time they emerged at the river where Al’ice had taken Jol to ease her pain. 
“As their natural predators, we take just enough at each hunt to sustain our people, the deer have never approached us, until now.  Jol’s presence has crossed the divide, it was clear to Al’ice they had come to witness, we do not understand, it is not written, this coming together of beasts.”
“We ate the fish from this river, who are these Celts anyway, do they not mind?”
For once Jez was getting answers, answers he did not comprehend.
“Did you not study history Jez?”
“I didn’t like College” he replied.
“The Celts are the ancient Gaelic speakers of this land, they dwell in clans, groups of peoples akin with each other, they fight for the right to hunt on each other’s lands, they have alliances which are then broken, they can be quite savage, perhaps not unlike the Maori of your homeland although their beliefs are quite different.  They are unaware of our presence here, high in the uninhabitable mountains, fish are a plenty and we leave enough to send further on downstream to sustain them.  The deer are different, to hunt them we would have to descend and face the possibility of detection, in our current state we would make an easy target for them, just another clan to defeat.  If Jol has the ability to cure us then, we will be strong enough to stand our ground and survive.”
Jez listened to the story, he may not have liked College much but it had been a release from working on the farm, he knew what the Celts were, so they were in Scotland, he never thought he would get the opportunity to travel so soon.
“I thought my father was a Maori because of the colour of my skin, I thought that was why my grandfather hated me.”
“Emotions Jez, you must learn to control them, instinct is survival, remember? I must sleep now, tomorrow will be a long day I fear, I shall use Jol’s bed tonight, in case Eldeen needs me, goodnight Jez.”
Jez nodded in acknowledgement and sat watching the flames dance around the log of the fire.  He surprised himself talking about his grandfather, he had always been good at hiding his feelings or so he thought.  Ever since that fateful party everything was now up in the air, what he thought he was, who he thought he was, sometimes knowledge made things worse, was it better to stick with what you know or think you know?  He lay down on his lumpy mattress and let Coopers words mingle inside his head.  Telepathy, hhmmm, he wondered if it were possible and let his thoughts reach out to Jol, waiting for an answer as his lids grew heavy.

Jez thought he could smell fish, were his senses playing tricks on him?
His memories drifted into a sea of a black swirling mist full of fishes all swimming towards him.  Too many fish invading his space where was the way out?  They darted this way and that, above him, below him, either side as he tried to push his way free.  Like a predator had appeared the fish dispersed in seconds and the swirling black engulfed his arm, caught in the vortex his arm began to itch as a mark appeared before his eyes, he watched as the lines intertwined and the itch on his arm flowed with the pattern.
He reached out to rub the pain away but only reached out with his mind as he could still not move his body.  A cool cloth was placed against the pain but there was no-one, just a voice. A familiar voice growing louder as the words came; “what a beautiful pattern, I've seen something like that before, in one of dads old books, is that a Celtic knot?”
The moment broken as he saw something slick and fast pass across the threshold of a door and he knew he was not alone, someone or something was watching and waiting, but for what? then came the laughter, a loud and hearty laugh, laughing at him.



Chapter 17

I drink the last of the tea from the flask, I can’t understand why Jez thought it so awful, it has the most wonderful taste.  I am alone, Al’ice has excused himself, toilet break I presume but he has been gone a while.  I allow myself the luxury of the soft and downy grass, so fresh and fragrant, a hint of something I remember, a smell from my past maybe?  It’s so comforting lying here with the warmth of the sun beating down on my skin, all thoughts of contracting skin cancer lost in the back of my mind.  If I had been back home in New Zealand, I would be slapping on factor 40 to protect my fair skin, so strong are the damaging rays there but for now all I want to do is sleep.
Slowly slipping into the world of dreams the distant bird song reminding me of a tune I know, camomile, that’s it! the most luxurious camomile lawn ever at our old house in Salisbury, no expense spared of course, mum had hired a gardener, now what’s that tune?   I curl my legs up and lay in a ball whilst waiting for Al’ice, my eyelids heavy with the intoxication of my surroundings.
Breathing deeply and feeling more content than I have in ages, images wash across my thoughts, dreams of the beautiful stag, his eyes staring right into me before he bows and is replaced by the golden river, flowing fresh and clear.  Something odd sidesteps across the river, a ripple in my head, is that Jez sat on the shiny black rock beside me, when did he arrive?  I’m dreaming, he’s not real, just sitting there and eating fish and drinking from what looks like an animal horn, oblivious to my existence.
I stare at my illusion, so real I raise my hand to touch him, just like pinching myself awake.  His arm is covered in a red cloth, what’s happened since I’ve been gone, is he hurt? I’m not so sure, he looks ok.  He raises his head and looks right at me, ‘Jez?’   I feel concern wash over me, is it his or mine? ‘I’m Ok’ I’m willing him to acknowledge me but as I think the words his image shimmers and fades.
Now that’s weird, I must talk to him about this when I return, No, he might think I’m being silly but then again he might just understand.  As I argue what to do in my head, I begin to wonder about my own sanity, ‘I understand’ I hear his voice clearly and smile as my sleep moves deeper into the darkness.
The tiredness that engulfed my body kept me in a deep sleep for quite a long time before I begin to dream again.  I can see a young woman sat upon a rock on a cliff face high above an expanse of water, she looks dazed and does not move.  A greyish mist spreads quickly across the water’s surface and surges upward towards the girl surrounding her from sight.  A painful scream penetrates through the mist, blood curdling I think they call it as the shivers run through my soul, taking my fear and tripling it.  The mist clears, the woman has gone, the water below ripples as if a large body has just passed through and down into the depths.
In my mind Al’ice is calling to me, ‘you shall pass the test’ as I wake, my face is drenched in sweat as I try to wipe the last images from my mind.
“Hey, bad dream?” asks Al’ice as he wraps his arms around me in comfort.
I feel the confusion written on my face, trying desperately to separate dreams from reality as I stare into his emerald eyes.
“What is it?” he asks.
“I, I don’t know, I can’t remember” I rack my brain for the source of my discomfort and find nothing at first, shock has an uncanny way of burying itself then slowly the first images reach the surface.
“I saw a stag.”
“Yes, go on” he encourages me, anything about the strange events in Kamerrean would help answer Eldeen’s questions.
“It bowed to me, in the woods, I don’t know where you were but then I saw Jez.”
“Well that explains the nightmare, he’s enough to scare anyone.”
I punch him playfully on the arm, “you are terrible, he’s your brother!”

Kroil had driven into the night, taking the back roads so as not to be detected, the use of headlights unnecessary as his demon eyes could see well enough in the dark.  As he drove he thought about his plan to overthrow Clarintor, in her library of ancient texts he had found reference to a now extinct poisonous plant once used by a fallen angel stripped of his heavenly powers.  The power of the plants nectar enough to destroy the angel’s attacker, the only trouble was the magical plant had existed hundreds of years before.  Of course if Clarintor had known he had violated her chamber, she would have destroyed him, he had always known the secret to his success lay within her inner sanctum.  It had taken years to win over her trust but he had plenty of time, time is not an issue for malevolent beings, he would revenge the death of his mentor.  His thoughts turned to Pete, what had become of him? Clarintor was not a fool it was only to be suspected that now she would be aware of their plans, he had been foolish to expect Pete to resist her will, pity, he had grown quite fond of the boy in a fatherly way.  His emotions had surprised him since his corporeal transformation into his present form.  Magore had warned him that life as the un-dead could only be tolerated once he had become fully demonised but had his mentor completed his transformation?  When Kroil’s human emotions surfaced unexpectedly it had been a tumultuous experience, one that Clarintor would have taken full advantage of if she had known.
Kroil drove over the ridge of the hill, not a dwelling for miles, not a soul to be seen, the road beneath him almost eroded away by the elements it was clear this road was long disused.  He pulled to a stop and surveyed the land, perfect, the dense foliage for miles would be adequate to conceal their crime.  This puzzled him, Clarintor had never before covered her tracks, so intent on locating the source of the pulse, a pulse that must have immense power for her to be so fixated on her goal.
He switched off the engine, amazed that the old car had managed to get this far and opened the door rising from his seat, the air was bitterly cold at this level not that he could feel it.  The surrounding hillside was shrouded in low cloud, the night air so still the noise of impact may be heard for miles, he would have to use his powers to cushion it.  He lifted the first body and placed it on the passenger side, careful to buckle it in, a new plan was formulating in his mind as he worked, frisking the body for anything which may help.  The second body was more cumbersome but no match for his demonic powers, he flung the dead weight behind the wheel then leaning across he released the hand brake.  Without any force he stood behind the car, his incantation enveloped the vehicle in what appeared like a bubble as the car lurched forward and over the edge into the deep ravine below.
The silent rush of wind hit him as the car disappeared into the trees, a few bushes had been displaced at the start of its descent but they soon jostled back into place.  A job well done he thought as he worked on ironing out the creases in his suit with his mind.
Now to concentrate on his next move in the hope that Clarintor was too involved in her own scheme to waste time on tracking him down, he was not quite ready for that confrontation!

Jez woke from his nightmare to the smell of cooking, beside him Cooper was already awake, stirring something in the pot over the fire, 
“Porridge with kailch berries?” she asked.
Jez peered over the rim and turned up his nose, “looks like chunder” he remarked.
“Is that good?” she replied.
Jez shook his head in disgust.
“I do not recall any aversion to the kailch we drank last night?”
“Yeah, but it wasn’t mixed with oats was it!” he replied.
“This is a good strong breakfast I have made especially for Jol, she is a vegetarian you know.”
“Is she back?” he asked looking around the room.
Cooper shook her head, “on her way, won’t be long.”
Jez looked at the mixture, the smell had been fine, it just looked disgusting, “Oh, right, got any meat?”
Back on the farm we always start the day with a full cooked breakfast, none of that crap, “is that kailch in the other pot?”
Cooper whacked the back of his hand with the wooden spoon, “No Jez, it is not, do you not think if we drank kailch all day we would get nothing done! It is for warming your soul on bitter cold nights.”
“Well, what is that?”
“Herbal tea.”
“Oh right, the tea” he raised an eyebrow and smiled.
“Here try it, it will not bite you, put hairs on your chest maybe?”
“No thanks, I’ve tried it and where I come from hairs on your chest is not a good look!”
“Take some of these then, that’s all I have and you can drink from the river, it is quite safe, how is your arm?”
“Itchy, where’s the old, um, Eldeen?” he replied as he stuffed several of the crancakes into his mouth at once.
“He is still sleeping, hungry?”
“Starving.”
Jez took more handfuls of the crancakes filling his jacket pockets as he walked out into the dewy morning air for a drink.  Ever since he had arrived, he felt hungry all the time, must be the high altitude he thought as he cupped his hand at the water’s edge for a drink.
Across the air came the sound of laughter, he turned to the mountainside and saw Al’ice descending with a woman by his side, where was Jol, what had he done with her?  Jez gulped down his biscuit and washed his face in the river, then squinted for a better look, damn mist was getting in his way, he moved around the back of the cottage and saw Jol on his arm, it was Jol he was certain but the image was all wrong.  She should be upset, but here she was laughing and she looked different, an air of confidence around her, she was wearing a different top, there was definitely something disturbing about the scene before him.  When she had spoken to him in his dream she had seemed ok.  Jez watched as they approached, they seemed so happy together, it was like a scene from a movie one he did not belong to, his reel had stopped turning, Jol’s had progressed into a woman overnight.
I catch a glimpse of Jez beside the cottage and breaking my hold on Al’ice rush forward towards him flinging my arms around him as if we were old friends who hadn’t seen each other in a long time.  
Jez took the full force of my embrace, holding my hair, caressing the longer locks, drinking in my fresh new look as I pull away from the embrace, unable to contain my excitement.
“Oh Jez, I have been to the most wondrous place, just wait til you see it.”
Jez is staring at me and notices how my pale complexion has been replaced with rosy cheeks and the biggest smile.
Al’ice cuts in eyeing Jez warily, “Jol, you can catch up later, first we must see Eldeen.”
“Oh yes, of course”
I run round to the entrance eager to see the others.
As Al’ice moves to follow, Jez places his hand on his chest stopping him, “You haven’t told her have you?” he asks accusingly.
Al’ice stands proud and smirks at his brothers defiance, “yes indeed I have, Jol has suffered and passed through the grieving process.”
“Already! It’s only been one night, what have you done to her?”
“I make her happy, can you not tell? We can finish this later, I must speak with my uncle on an urgent matter.”
Jez is incensed by his cockiness, “Oh yes, the deer, how interesting,” he says sarcastically, “what are you going to eat now they have befriended Jol?”
Al’ice glares at him, it was quite clear since his absence his brother had already been accepted by his family.
The others were gathered at the front of the cottage as they both rounded the corner.  I was already tucking into my porridge ravenous from the journey.
“Jez, I’ve just realised your arm, I didn’t hurt it when I hugged you did I?”
I notice the others look at each other in astonishment as I add, “What did you do?”
Cooper began to explain about the mark and its origins, as I listen, I ask, “Can I see your tattoo?”
Jez was still staring, Jol had changed and not only her clothes, she had left him yesterday a girl and had returned quite clearly a woman, he couldn’t take his eyes off her, but how did she know about his arm, unless Al’ice?
“Um yeah alright, but you can’t see much it’s all congealed with blood, It’s supposed to sort itself out by lunchtime,” Jez’s stomach rumbles at the mention of food.
He sits beside me on the rock and pulls himself from his jacket, lifting his t-shirt sleeve to show me, I look at the thick red cloth bound tight.
“It itches doesn’t it?” 
“How do you know that?” asks Al’ice.
“Christopher had a tattoo of an eagle on his shoulder, the blood congealed and then scabbed over, he was tormented with the itching.”
Cooper nods in agreement, as if she knows what I’m talking about.
Jez flinches when I touch his skin, alarmed by my boldness, the sensation tingling across his nerve endings, his hard blood begins to change consistency and run down his arm towards my fingers.  Both our faces transfixed on the flow, mesmerised by the experience, funny how I’m not repulsed as the blood washes through my fingers and over the back of my hand.  
The others watch in silence, they don’t seem fazed either but watch as if an expected miracle was being performed.
“Wow!” we both say in unison.
I gently move my bloody hand towards the bloodied cloth and remove it carefully, he watches silently. A pattern begins to emerge on his skin and with my finger I trace the outline of the tattoo, the flowing blood now follows my finger and I’m mesmerised as it seeps through Jez’s skin and back into his body, completing the healing process.
“What a beautiful pattern, I've seen something like that before, in one of dads old books, is that a celtic knot?”
Even Jez marvels at the intricate design of knot work woven around the image of a black beast, a large cat with huge fangs.
Breaking the spell, Al’ice steps forward suddenly, holding his hand out in greeting, taking Jez by surprise.
“Now I know we truly are brothers, welcome.”
Jez and I understand this change in Al’ice once he shows his mark, almost identical, apart from the colour.  To Jez’s relief the cat on Al’ice’s arm looks more like a sabre toothed tiger and the pattern is in gold and red where his own is pure black and white.
Eldeen is excited, a renewed youthfulness animates his body as he slaps them both on the back, “There is much to do, I must rally our people in their preparations, Al’ice you will assist me?”
He strides off in the direction of the village as if fifty years have been knocked off his age, a new and strong purposefulness to his stance.
Al’ice kneels in front of me and taking my hand, kisses the back of it, “Well, done” he says, giving me a cheeky wink before he sets off after his uncle.
I’m surprised, “What did I do?”
Cooper smiles at me then with admiration in her eyes, “you have surpassed all expectations, your grandfather will be so proud, would have been so proud if he had witnessed.  You have the healing gene gifted to you from him and tonight at the gathering we celebrate.  Your birthday has been a gift to us all, did Al’ice bring your grandmothers box?”
I stare at her, confused by her words, what is she saying?  My grandfather, how does she know about my grandmothers box?
The tension is building on my forehead as I point to my bag, “It’s in there.” 
I watch her take my precious grandmothers box from its hiding place, watch as she traces her hands along each edge, savouring the moment before opening the lid.  She has seen this box before, I am sure of it.
Carefully opening the lid, she looks up at me, confusion etched on her face,
“Where is your brother’s stone?”
The pain strikes across the top of my eyes like a rubber band being pulled tight from within as I stand too quickly, “I gave it to Kate for good luck.”
Now my face mirrors Coopers look of confusion as a swarm of questions flash before my eyes, they flicker and roll back on themselves, my corneas brilliant white.  I begin to waver, my disorientated body slumps to the ground, unaware of my arms and legs flailing around violently in a fit.
Jez is by my side within seconds, gently holding my arms down as I thrash on the ground, oblivious to my state, until at last the fit begins to subside.
Glaring at Cooper he demands, “What did you do to her?”
He carefully wipes the foam from my lips with his fingers and gently lifts my unconscious body into his arms, taking me to the cottage and the room at the back.  I am lowered onto the bed, Jez is careful to place me in the recovery position, before taking my hand and softly caressing my skin with his fingers.
Cooper stands in the doorway, silently watching.
“What did you do?” Jez asks patiently this time.
“I think perhaps, too much excitement and information has overwhelmed young Jol, too much, too soon.”
Cooper stands as if in a trance, once confident and brave, the fit had unnerved her, an occurrence rarely seen, “the gathering must be cancelled, and I will inform Eldeen.”
Catching her breath in a rare moment of weakness, Cooper flee’s the scene, Eldeen had to be stopped before the gathering gained momentum.  She fly’s across the river in the direction of the village, her powerful legs propelling her through the air in a swift and graceful motion.  A handful of the villagers on their way to collect river water stopped in awe at the warrior athlete as she speeds by on route to the meeting place.  Cooper stopped and swung round in 360 degrees, where had her grandfather gone? He should be here making plans.  Her anxious frustrations plain to see as more of the villagers stopped their daily routine and eyed her suspiciously.
To her right Al’ice stepped from a dwelling, she watched as he punched at the wall of the cottage in anger, something was clearly wrong.  Cooper realised her actions had caused alarm and smiled at the villagers watching her, to quell their fears, then strode calm and purposefully towards her cousin.  As she approached, Eldeen emerged from the cottage, his head bowed, he embraced Al’ice to comfort him.
“What is it?” she asked in a whisper so as not to startle them.
She could see from Al’ice’s face his anger, not a fierce anger but one of regret and sadness, he looked past her unable to focus with his tear stained eyes.
She looked from him to her grandfather, “we cannot go ahead with the gathering” she took a deep breath as she added, “Jol is not well enough.”  
She was sure this news would upset Al’ice and expected him to race back to check on her but instead he collapsed down on a nearby boulder, his shoulders hunched in defeat.
“Dallon has the fever, he is but a child, it has taken hold quickly.” added Eldeen.
Cooper knew instantly what this news meant, Dallon was only 16 years old and the son of Al’ice’s good friend Simeon who had succumbed to the disease last fall.  Al’ice had promised Simeon he would take care of Dallon and his mother Aijin, but they could have not predicted this, no child had ever been taken since ten year old Gredon all those centuries ago when they had first arrived.  He was the first to die from the awful plague they could not cure, his best friend Da’vide driven by the madness of witnessing his friends death had ran away on the same night Eldeens life partner also died, no-one ever found him.  Over time many others followed but the disease only attacked adults following Gredons death, so why now? And why Dallon?  Aijin’s gentle sobs could be heard from within the cottage as her only son choked on his last breath.
Cooper had an idea, “Grandfather is it too late? Can you not perform gendaris?”
“What good would it do, to prolong the agony, keep his body suspended between life and death? He has past the healing powers of young Jol now.”
“But the angels breath of life could save him.” she added encouragingly.
Al’ice butted in, “Jol cannot perform that miracle, you of all people should know that Cooper.”
“But Tadge can!” both men looked at her as if she had lost her mind.  “Jol’s friend Kate has the kilaris stone, you said yourself Al’ice that when you returned the demons were still hunting, it did not make sense at the time but if the kilaris stone has been activated then both Kate and Tadge are in danger.”
They looked at her puzzled by her frantic statement.
“Think about it, the stone would have alerted Tadge into believing Jol is in danger and he will seek out the kilaris stone, if you perform gendaris, we can send Dallon to look for Kate, once Tadge catches up with them both he can save Dallon can he not.”
“But why would he do that child, the stone is there for Jol’s protection, why would he save the boy?” Eldeen questioned her motives.
“Ok, I admit, once I realised the kilaris stone had been activated, my first thought was to protect Tadge but if we can send Dallon to warn him, what do we have to lose? I will send a message with Dallon, Tadge will understand.”
“Tadge may reach Kate before Dallon, then it will have been a wasted effort.”
“Yes, but he has many dangers and timelines to cross whilst seeking the signal, we have the advantage, we know where Kate is.”
Whilst they both deliberated, Al’ice had slipped back into the cottage, he re-appeared in the doorway,
“Aijin has given her permission, his blood is still warm, please uncle it makes sense to try.”

It was cold, really cold. How could Jez feel if he were dead? Jez had really had enough of this, how many nightmares can one take for gods sake.  He tried to move but his body felt numb with the cold, reality or illusion? He didn’t care anymore, Jez just wanted answers and an end to all this pain. Where was his angel? The old nurse who seemed to be the only one who understood, where was she?  The bed felt cold and alien beneath him, like hard steel.  Oh my god, they’ve put me on a slab, I must be in the mortuary.
Jez opened his eyes in a blind panic. The cold air stung at the whites of his eyes, was he in the freezer, alive! It took a while to focus on the dull clouds which hung ominously close to his body.  The large clap of thunder awakening his senses, the darkness swam around him as he lost his mind, unable to think of anything except the twitching of his muscles.



Chapter 18

I’m aware of the comforting strokes across my hand as my senses realign themselves, I try to open my eyes but it’s hard to focus on my surroundings. 
“Al’ice what happened?”
Jez lets go of my hand, after all that had just happened, after all he had done for me and I call him Al’ice.
Still unaware that it is Jez by my side, unaware of his concern and comforting gestures, I pull myself into a sitting position, reaching out to touch him, “Al’ice?”
The figure beside me raises his head and asks, “How do you feel?”
“Oh Jez it’s you, sorry I can’t seem to focus yet.”
“Do you realise what happened to you?”
I wipe at my eyes with my right hand in the vain hope it will help me to focus and reach for his shoulder with my left, “did I faint?”
Jez stands from his sitting position on the bed and makes his way towards the door, then turns to face me as if changing his mind,  “You had a fit Jol, too much too soon Cooper said, do you know what that means?”
I shake my head.  I do not know why Cooper has said that.
“Look at you, your dramatic transformation, you’ve changed Jol thanks to them, they’re pushing you into something you’re not ready for, do you think they really care about you eh! about us?  They care about their people, about saving them and they’re killing you in the process.”
“No, don’t be so stupid, how can you say that? They’re your people too!”
“I know what I see Jol, and your father, do you not even wish to attend the funeral?”
He turned on his heel taking his anger.  Jez left the room.
It took a while to regain my eyesight and clear the fog from my mind, he is wrong, Al’ice wouldn’t hurt me.  I process the images of the last few hours but cannot shake the feeling of contentment deep inside despite my apparent fit, what did it mean?  If Gran was here I would ask her if there is a history of fits in the family, there’s a grey area in my brain, with each question the grey erases my doubts and fears, as if there’s something or someone trying to stop me from knowing the truth.
I think about the connection between myself and Jez.  Is that why he’s so worried?  If we really are linked somehow then perhaps he is reacting to the many questions I have, to the fear I suppress deep inside.  I drop my legs over the side of the bed and listen to the silence, the others gone.  My dad is dead, I had no right feeling happy in Kamerrean with Al’ice, Jez is right, how can I have forgotten so easily about the funeral, ‘dad forgive me’.  Al’ice will help me sort the arrangements, protect me from the evil when I go back, I’m sure he will, I have to find him.
A voice enters my solace, ‘I’m sorry.’
‘Jez, is that you?’
‘Yes’
‘Where are you?’
‘Outside’
The sun was approaching midday already, Al’ice was right, time did not matter here, passes so quickly it’s difficult to keep track of it.  I see Jez sitting outside the cottage on the rock beside the river where he had been earlier.  He is throwing pebbles into the water in frustration.   I sit quietly beside him.  We both stare into the clear water, watching a small cluster of fish darting back and forth as if they have lost their way.  The silence between us is deafening over the gentle trickle of the river, the air calm but cool as the sun arrives, burning away any lingering mist.
Several minutes pass before I pluck up the courage to speak, “I do not believe they are killing me Jez, the fit could just be a coincidence, hereditary or something.”
“Your family, have a history of that?”
“I don’t know but it could be.  Al’ice would not hurt me, deep in your heart Jez you must know that.”
“Hhhmmmph!”
He turns and looks me straight in the eye, “I was right about your father though, you should attend the funeral……………..”
I raise my hand to silence him, “I know.”
“How much do we really know about these people Jol? family? ok I’ll take that but have they told you everything or do you feel like there’s something missing, the last piece of the puzzle, lost?”
I return my gaze to the confused fish but nod in agreement, “you are right Jez, we need to know exactly what’s going on, without that, I may not return.”
“From where?”
“Home, I have to attend to my family affairs, I mean what happens to the house now? Where will I live? I don’t even know what my dad's wishes are, he may not want to be buried in New Zealand or even buried at all.”
One solitary tear rolls from my eye as I try explaining how I feel, “why didn’t I think of all this before, I know they need me here, whatever it is inside me can heal, we have both seen that, but my father needs me too.”
Jez feels my pain and half wishes he had not been the one to re-surface it, I  sense his remorse, he wants to comfort me, his instinct to put his arms around me and hold me close, I half wish he would but Jez cannot bring himself to do it.  His inner turmoil quite evident I wonder if he is aware that I can tell, perhaps close emotional contact is something he just isn’t used to.
“We need answers Jol, there are a lot of unanswered questions, we’ll face them together, I will help you if you want me to?”

Inside the cottage hidden high in the Scottish mountains, Aijin finished cleansing her son’s body.  Dallon now lies under a single sheet on the floor at the centre of the room.  Al’ice places a comforting arm around her shoulders as the mother suppresses her sobs and looks towards Eldeen for a miracle.
Eldeen stood and began the gendaris ritual, he had performed this only once before on this land and had vowed never to attempt it again following its failure.  He stumbled over the words at first as he struggled to remember them clearly,
“Raislet, seplet, runaic, seplet.”
He cupped the amber globe upon his staff as it broke into several pieces.  Each piece he kissed before placing it upon the sheet which covered Dallon's body, one on the forehead, one at the neck, two at the chest, one on the stomach area, one on each thigh and on each ankle.  With the last piece in place, each begins to glow, a kaleidoscope of colours, red, then blue, then white, then orange and finally green invading the room.  The jadic green casting long shadows across the walls as the power begins to grow, Eldeen begins the second part of the ritual as the others watch in silence, Cooper guarding the door from intruders.
“Creadein, encasse, suspiende, MORPHAEL!!”
Eldeen collapses to his knees on the final word, his hands shaking violently, as beside the body rises an opaque wall which spreads from head to toe until the whole of Dallon’s body is encased in the coffin like structure.  Eldeen attempts to touch the top but his own body is weak from the ritual, he is frozen like a kneeling contorted statue, he stares through the eyes of Al’ice and silently asks,
‘You must draw out his soul, I cannot complete, Pathegine.’
Al’ice nods to his uncle and releasing his grip on Aijin he holds his hand over Dallon’s body, as the final word is spoken, he reaches into the chamber causing ripples upon the surface and gently pulls from the body the ghostly image of the boy.
Dallon stood beside his sleeping body looking down at the grave image, his mother gasps tears of joy as she reaches forward to embrace him, her arms passing through his effigy, Al’ice holds her steady as she grasped the realisation of her sons fate.
“Remember Aijin what I explained to you, Dallon now walks the path of the un-dead, he can only be saved if we can locate Tadge.”
Dallon stepped forward and pressed his ghostly lips to his mother’s forehead, careful not to lean too deeply, she shivers as the icicles brush against her skin.
“I feel no pain mother, please do not cry.”

Jez takes the lead and in a moment of weakness grabs hold of my hand, leading me towards the village, I cannot help but return this gesture with my own grasp, stiff and alien towards him as I try to concentrate on what I should do first once I return home. I am sure he wishes my fingers to reciprocate his tender touch but I am too distracted.
The village is more like a hamlet of stone dwellings dotted along the river, about ten can be seen, at the centre, a flat meeting place covered by animal hide with benches dotted around inside facing a round gap in the middle.  It is easy to imagine Eldeen standing proud at the centre whilst holding counsel with his people.
A handful of villagers are milling around, chopping wood, cooking, talking whilst enjoying the rare warmth from the sun, they pay no attention to the strangers in their midst.  A group of children are playing, dancing in a circle and singing a foreign song, when they see us approach they brake hands and surround us in a tight circle.  Their dirty faces smiling up at us both as they pull at our hands excitedly, whirring us round in circles as they sing, laughing.  These few precious moments with the innocent is hard to ignore, with their infectious laughter drawing us in, we dance round in circles as the children lead us, much to their own amusement.
The few mothers lost in the chore of washing, look up and smile at the happy scene watching us, the odd couple revel in the joy, the happiness a stolen moment.  At last the singing stops in a rising crescendo as the children fall to the ground, I look at their round smiling faces chuckling red and am reminded of my own childhood and a game based on death, ring a ring of roses.  Jez holds out his hand to the nearest boy and shakes it in appreciation then almost without thinking places his hand on my waist, holding me as I laugh with the children, gasping for breath.  The children eventually skip away in the knowledge they’ve had their fun with the strangers as we stop to rest on one of the benches in the sanctuary of the meeting place.
“We had better sit for a while, you look exhausted.”
I struggle to regain my breath as I tell him, “You’re good with children.”
“Just lucky I guess, never had the chance to play like that when I was a child.”
He is reluctant to reveal more about himself, I watch his face as he adds frowning, “have you noticed just how perfect these people are? Their great stature badly hidden underneath the primitive clothes, even the children are perfect, not like real humans at all.”

Two older men sat in conversation eyed the strangers warily as they sent furtive glances towards Aijin’s cottage where Cooper stood, smiling as she watched the charade, before slipping behind the door unseen, closing it gently behind her.  She stooped to help Eldeen to a stool, his face ghastly and grey from the exertion, his body still and unpliable.
“Cooper you must give Dallon the message now, we have little time.” remarked Al’ice.
She faced the boy and placed her hand in his, her mind created the message and wrapped it into a ball which travelled through her body, along her arm and to her hand, she held it steady, 
“When you find Kate, stay with her, do not leave her side and if you sense evil, protect yourselves as best you can.  You will know Tadge when he arrives, tell him immediately you have a message from Tilly and pass him this, do not hesitate, give him the message at once.”
Dallon nodded in understanding and smiled at his mother, a rare smile she may never see again.
“Come now” said Al’ice, “I will take you to the start of your journey, on the way I will allow you to probe my mind for knowledge of Kate.”
As the boy gave his mother one last ghostly hug before leaving, Cooper helped Eldeen to his feet, she grabbed his broken staff for him to lean on as he whispered into her ear.
She turned to Aijin, “Eldeen is most proud of your efforts and is sorry we must leave you, please stay beside your son’s body and do not allow any others to enter, be patient Aijin, we have five days, five days for the miracle to work, if it can. I will visit you daily.”
Cooper gripped Aijin’s hand tightly in encouragement, “we shall do our very best, and pray to the moon gods for success.”
Aijin shook her hand gratefully and wiped the tears from her face with the other, it was going to be a long five days.

Jez had asked me to wait and regain my strength after our impromptu dance whilst he ran around the remainder of the village looking for the others.  I lean back against one of the posts and take in the scene around me, a man walks past and nods, he has a welcoming grin and is dressed like the others in plain woven garments, Jez is right, they are a beautiful race.  I return his greeting, wondering what year it is in the real world, the world of the ancient celts living amongst the hills below.
A door to a cottage opens up ahead and I witness Al’ice emerge, my heart leaps at his visage, I want to run to his side but there is something beside him, something which has caught my eye, stopping me.  He is deep in conversation, not with himself but with, what is that?  A ghostly image walks beside him, a teenage boy shimmering in the sunlight, I can see the grass and the river through his body.  My mouth falls open, I have never seen a ghost before, never believed they existed but then again the last few days had produced many surprises.
Jez runs up beside me, “catching flies?” 
I clamp my mouth shut in embarrassment and point up ahead, “do you see that?”
He follows my gaze, “see what?”
“Al’ice”
“Where?”
“Walking away from the village, look, can you see who he‘s with?”
Jez strains his eyes, Al’ice was now almost a dot on the horizon, “is that him? looks like he’s by himself, why didn’t you go after him?”
Before I can answer, the door to the cottage opens once more and we watch in silence as Cooper appears almost carrying Eldeen slumped by her side whilst attempting to lean on his staff, they make their way slowly towards his cottage at the far end of the village.
“I wonder what happened?”
“Stop wondering, let’s find out” Jez replies.
Jez heard the crying long before we reached Aijin’s cottage, with his senses heightened, he knocks gently on the door.  There is a stuttered break in the sobs before a woman’s voice can be heard from within, cracked and weary she stumbles over her alien words, “Please…do…..not……enter.”
We look at each other, he shrugs, neither of us can understand what she’s saying, I place my hand on his arm and push him gently aside.
“It is only Jol, I am staying with Eldeen, is everything ok?”
There is a long pause before finally the woman speaks, this time in words we both understand, “Jol…….Eldeen.”
Jez whispers, “Let’s just go in.”
“No! you stay here, you don’t know what state she is in.”
I hold my hand against the door and begin to push it open when it slams back with the full force of the woman’s body behind it, “ELDEEN” she pleads.
Eldeen’s cottage door is firmly shut, as we both hover outside, glancing at each other in trepidation.
“You can come in” comes Coopers voice from inside, “and leave the door open, it is so stuffy in here.”
She is sat against the back wall, arms folded as if she has been waiting for us, Eldeen is no-where to be seen. 
“I would prefer to talk in here despite the stale air, grandfather may awaken and need my help, please sit.”
It is as if she already knows what we want, revealed in the dogged determination of her speech, both Jez and I can feel the anxiety flowing between us as we sit together in silence, as if waiting for a priest to begin a long drawn out sermon.
I take hold of his hand, less harshly than before, I feel his hard calloused skin rough against my own.
“Before I begin, I must know how you are feeling Jol?”
“I’m ok.”
“Please let me know if you feel unwell at all, I do not wish to burden you with sickness.”
“Just get on with it” Jez snaps, I squeeze his hand to ease the tension.
Cooper shoots him an angry look, then rises from her seat, standing proud beside the door drinking in the smell of fresh air.
“First, I am concerned for your health Jol, I am aware that you wish to return to farewell your father………”
Jez squeezes my hand back, as he feels the anxiety welling inside at the mention of my dad, I keep my eyes forward, fixed on Cooper.
“I suggest for now you allow me to return and assess the situation, we cannot be sure it is safe for you just now, in case the demon…………….”  
She lets the words trail off as if unable to admit what the demon will do.  
“I will not allow your father to pass without your blessing, are you in agreement?”
I just stare for a moment, still unaware that Al’ice had been economical with the truth, oblivious to the fact my dads body lay at the bottom of a deep ravine somewhere in the North Island, I consider her words, it did seem like a sensible plan and sure I can trust Cooper, I nod in agreement.
“Are you sure?”
Jez’s voice enters my mind, I look at him and wonder why he does not speak up in front of Cooper.
“It seems to be the best plan, if I am in danger?” I add silently.
He nods in agreement.
Our exchange has not been lost on Cooper, long wise to the abilities of her own kind but for now she keeps quiet and allows us the closeness we have discovered.
“Thirsty?” she asks.
Before we can answer Cooper pours three mugs of tea from the cold pot on the fire without thinking.
“When our people were forced to leave Kamerrean, we arrived in this new land and sought refuge high in the mountains, far from prying eyes.  We are different, we have powers, most advanced compared to the natives we share this beautiful country with.  Our powers lay dormant within us until the coming of age, in your times this would be known as 18.  On this birthday, the head of the family take their kin to our Kamerrean, where the passage is completed.  Eldeen is too weak for this task now and he has asked Al’ice to take you Jez on his return, if you are willing?”
This news surprises Jez, “What are you talking about?”
“Your powers Jez, you may have an earth mother but your father was a member of the brotherhood, one of the four leaders of our people, a great man, he will have passed on his powers at your conception.”
Her words cut across his heart, his father, he had never known him, all he had left was the book.  I wonder what he’s thinking, “what book?” I ask.
He glances at me warily, he has not even spoken to me and yet I have read his mind, this invasion is becoming just a little weird.
“I did not mean to pry, I am sorry Jez, I find this weird too.”
He smiles in reassurance, “yeah well, it takes a little getting used to, I’ll tell you about the book later.”
“I think you should go with Al’ice, you may learn more about your father.”
Cooper grows tired of our silent exchange and slams her mug against the mantle to remind us of her presence.
“Well, it does not matter you can decide later.”
“Cooper, where did Al’ice go and who was he with?” I ask.
“You saw Dallon?” she asks surprised.
“I saw Al’ice leave over the mountain, he was talking to a young man, I think, well at least he looked like a young man but there was something odd about his appearance, he was sort of, glowing.”
“I never saw anyone” says Jez.
I ignore him and wait for Cooper’s explanation.  Cooper has returned to the door, staring out, distracted by her thoughts, the sunlight catches her hair, which shimmers almost luminously except for the black streak like a dark stain which falls through her hair to one side.  Heaving a deep sigh she turns back to us, “Your grandmother is my twin sister, Jesveril, she………………………”
“Stop avoiding the question” barks Jez.
I squeeze his hand encouragingly, “wait Jez, I want to know what she has to say.”
“I am not avoiding the question if you can be patient! All will become clear.” Cooper takes another deep breath but remains calm, “Jesveril and I were very close in some ways but she did not settle well into our life here, she always wanted more.”
That sounds like my gran, always the adventurer, I’m amazed that gran is actually from this place, I wonder how old she actually is.
“When our people slowly began to fall foul of the sickness, Eldeen tried everything in his power to cure the disease, even seeking help from outside trying to source the reason behind it.  The first to die was a young boy named Gredon, then others followed but the disease, it advanced, only attacking the oldest as if knowing that their defences were weak whilst they still had their powers which the disease seemed to crave.  Eldeen believed a powerful force was behind the disease, he had his suspicions but could not prove its source.  In his search for a cure Eldeen discovered that an angel’s breath could restore life to those who tread on the line between life and death and myself and Jesveril were tasked with finding such a celestial being.  Our quest became much harder than first thought, we had no idea what or whom we were seeking whilst travelling the timelines, once we stumbled across the demonic side of the un-dead.  These dark ones almost tricked us into believing they were the being we sought and attacked us, I became seriously ill and with help, was able to return.  Jesveril in turn, was saved from her demonic fate by the very being we had been looking for, a chance meeting which changed the course of things to come.”
Cooper pauses for a moment, then pours herself more of the cold nasty tea.
“Tadge is his name, a beautiful creature, I have to admit I was jealous of the love they shared.  He never liked my name and would always call me Tilly, I do not know why.  He agreed to help us but by doing so he committed an unforgivable sin against his own kind and was exiled from heaven, to wander the earth, some say he can be redeemed after the passage of two ages but fate has a strange way of dictating the future.  Jesveril fell pregnant with his child, this sin stripped him of his celestial powers and he was no longer able to protect our people.  Frightened their precious child would be discovered by the dark ones, they left, wandering the earth together but time was not kind to them, once his fate had become common knowledge they had to separate in a desperate attempt to protect the child.  Vyvien was born healthy and Jesveril bore the burden of bringing a child up alone on a distant shore.  On your mothers sixteenth birthday Tadge appeared on their doorstep, it was to be a passionate re-union, he vowed never to leave it so long next time before his return.  My sister had hoped that Vyvien would carry the healing gene of our father but this was not to be, we all had hope when Christopher was born but No, the dilution with human flesh had pushed our dream further from reality.  Then Julianne Serason was born………………” her voice trailed off.
“Who is that?” asks Jez.
He only knows me as Jol, I elbow him in the ribs, “It’s me, it’s my real name.”
“At first we believed the fate of our people was to die slowly, one by one, here in this land, then Jesveril sent word that she had witnessed great things from her granddaughter, from then on you became Jannes ore Luissenn - the chosen one.”
Jez looks confused, “I thought your name was Jol?”
Cooper continues, “Tadge was overjoyed with the news but careful to stay away, he did not want to alert the dark ones or his own kind as to where they could find you.  Even before the coming of age you have shown great power within, I believe you know to what I refer?”
Jez was curious now, “What can you do?”
I wish he would shut up, having this double conversation was maddening, I don’t need him knowing my past on top of everything else, so I push his questioning aside and reply to Coopers question instead, “Yes”, “and that’s all I’m saying!”
Jez was hurt from the rebuff, I could tell, suddenly I can read his thoughts, bizarrely, but erect a barrier so he cannot read mine.
“It is unfortunate that you were just 17 when you arrived, it seems you may be ready though, the visit to Kamerrean has advanced your abilities.  But I digress from your original question, the boy with Al’ice now walks the path of the un-dead, the disease has returned to attack the young, without his powers he is unable to walk with his ancestors in Kamerrean, he is condemned to wander in what you would call purgatory.”
“I never saw anyone with Al’ice.”
“Ah but Jez, you have not yet completed the passage to adulthood, Kamerrean is a wondrous place and once experienced our kind are able to converse with and see those who have passed.”
“Hmmmmph!”
“So where has Al’ice taken him?” I ask.
“There has been a complication, Dallon’s death has upset Al’ice, they are very close. Tadge has the ability to save just one more soul within him and he vowed he would not waste that chance of life on anyone but his very own flesh and blood, Jannes ore Luissen.  I have sent a message with Dallon, he has just five days to locate him.”
“How will he find this Tadge when it took so long for you and your sister to locate him?” asks Jez.
“Well Jez, that is the complication, Christopher’s lucky stone is only as such because it harbours Jol’s protection, there is a message within which once activated transmit’s a signal to Tadge warning him that his granddaughter has been or will be harmed.  It appears the transmission has been activated, he will already be on his way, only he will not be expecting a mere mortal who he has no knowledge of to be carrying that message, this could have dire consequences.”
Oh shit! I remember Kate’s message, “I have put Kate in danger.”
“The demons may be after her, locate Kate and they will locate Tadge, it could be the end for both of them.  Al’ice has taken Dallon on the path to finding to Kate, where he will deliver my message to Tadge when he arrives.”
“But what will happen to Dallon?” Jez and I both ask.
Cooper kneels down before me as if I were a queen, “Only you can decide his fate Jol, only you have the power to break Tadge’s promise and allow him to bring Dallon back to life, this is most important to Al’ice and he believes you will make the right decision, but of course it is your choice in the end.”
“I have to decide whether he lives or dies, of course I will say yes.”
It was getting hard to keep the barrier in place, hopefully Jez will have forgotten why I raised it in the first place.  The minute I release the barrier, he’s there, “Think about what you’re saying, if anything happens to you then this Tadge can save you, if he wastes that on this boy……….”
“Jez don’t be so stupid, I can’t let the boy die, the decision would haunt me forever.”
My head is beginning to thump with the pressure.
“Are you ok, are you ill, you must tell me Jol?” presses Cooper.
“My head hurts, it will pass.”
“Too much information at once, this is a lot to take in, you must go and lie down” she commands.
“No wait, how will they find Kate, she is not at home.”
“Where is she?”
“I received a text, she was lost and needed help, I was worried about the demon, I told her to find Moana.”
“Who’s Moana?” asks Jez.
Cooper gave me a satisfied nod, “I know who she is, a wise choice young Jol, I am proud of you, I must go and find Al’ice, give him this news and of course I will see about your father too.  Jez you are in charge now, keep an eye on Jol for me and Eldeen, if he should waken please give him a drop of this in his tea.”
Cooper took a small vial of liquid from her clothes and passed it to Jez, then put on her great cloak and grabbed hold of her Kalchi staff.
“Wait, give this to Dallon for Kate, she will know to trust him if he has this.”
I struggle to remove my mums signet ring from my finger it has become quite tight, so I try dipping my pinkie into the mug of cold tea to help loosen it.  The band of gold inscribed with mums initials slips effortlessly from my finger aided by the tea, I hand it to Cooper.
As she turns to leave she adds, “you now know all of the truth, I am sorry for the way things have befallen, I would have liked to have met under happier circumstances.”  She then steps out into the sunlight and is gone.
Jez and I both wonder at her words, did we really know the truth, no mention of where Gran was now, we are both sure there are more questions without answers.
I flop my head against his shoulder, “can we go outside Jez, I need some fresh air?”

Gentle sobs were waking Jez from his deep cold slumber. Hurt and pain filled the anguished sobs that tore at his heart.  He wondered who it could be as he roused in the half light of the room.  Listening intently to the sounds around him his senses picked up on shallow breathing in the room, the kind that rises and falls as you rest, a scratchy noise could be heard, up and down and across paper?  It will be the nurse catching up on her notes, she gives a weary sigh.  The room was almost silent except for the steady hum of the machines that prolonged life, the sobbing now ceased.
His eye was less sore tonight, carefully he peeked at his surroundings, the images fuzzy, the strip light above him flickered on its dull setting.  Jez’s vision was limited to the range in the movement of his eyes, yet tonight he felt pain as if his neck were sore, the feeling was slowly coming back but dare he risk the nerve to move his head, no too risky he was not yet ready to reveal his conscious state, the memories in his dreams were not complete, he needed to know who he was before he confronted these strangers.
A feeling of un-easiness pricked at the hairs on the back of his neck awakening the nerves, had he been discovered?  He closed his eyes and listened, nothing, he focussed on the slow drip, drip of the line pulsating into his arm, the life line that sustained him.
He was sure he was being watched, but why the silence? He could feel the burn of their stare, why did they not say anything?  The confusion mingled with the steady drip, drip and lulled him into a restless slumber, a flash of  slitted eyes crossed his vision for a second as the sobbing returned, not so obvious at first but it was there lingering in the back of his mind.



Chapter 19

Kroil licked his lips as he finished the huge cheeseburger at the roadside diner and wiped the sauce from his mouth with a napkin.  He had no need for mortal food but still enjoyed the taste of many new experiences that come along with each decade, the burger one of his particular favourites.
The diner had been his refuge following his descent from the hill, a rough looking slatted building where the wood was beginning to rot, stood out on the side of the road, its peeling red paint picked out by the flickering neon sign.  Kroil had hired a car that morning but needed somewhere to stop to gather his thoughts surrounding his plan, somewhere unassuming, the diner was perfect.
He had been amazed at Clarintors lack of clarity around the kilaris legend, she had confused fact with fiction with her desire for power.  The talisman she craved had eluded them, lucky for his foresight to check the pockets of the dead.  In his hand he rolled between his fingers the humble stone, polished black and flat like a pebble he had almost dismissed it until he felt the gentle throb from within, the subtle vibrations.  The detached soul held the real kilaris but in a bizarre twist of fate whilst that soul roamed the earth it was to be betrayed by the ghostly image of the kilaris left behind.  Kroil knew as he approached the soul the pulse would reconnect with the kilaris stone and become whole once more sending its message to the almighty Tadge.  Clarintor was on a wild goose chase, he had the means to confront Tadge but would this fallen angel agree to his plan.
He glanced past the unwashed dirt of the window into the misty calm of the mountains, the rising sun shining through as a new day was established.  Inside was no better than outside, torn and dirty, echoes of a brighter time from the sixties, Kroil flung a few dollars onto the chipped formica table and nodded to the old waitress in the pale pink frilly apron as he left, the old woman and her clothes had seen better days.
He had not wanted to draw attention to himself but the four by four sleek black Lexus with the golden leather seats and blacked out windows had called out to him from the hire lot, well what the hell he thought, if Clarintor took time out from her obsession then she would easily find him anyway.  He headed west in the direction of Taupo, the quickest route back from where he had come, with any luck the kilaris stone would pick up on its trail as he went.
He had not been driving long when he had reached Turangi to the south of Taupo and decided to stop for a packet of cigarettes, another one of life’s pleasures he was able to still enjoy.  He pulled to a stop outside a petrol station to feed his craving, heading back to the car he leaned into the cab and lit the cigarette with his finger and flicked on the radio to listen, whilst he stood outside puffing smoke rings into the cool air.  As the inane song reached its end the DJ started the usual babble, announcements of next week’s gala day and how Fred Boyce’s prize winning cockerel would again be entering the competition to regain its crown.  Kroil snorted at the crap on the radio, it was driving him nuts, local stories that would bore anyone with an ounce of fun in them, he reached across to switch it off when the next story caught his attention.
‘And to finish, strange reports of a leak at New World, water appeared from no-where yesterday, puddles along the aisles and bread rising from the shelves seemingly untouched by human hands, what could be this phenomenon?  Manager Chris Deans has been heard suggesting a priest be called to exorcise the store, as yet he has been unavailable for comment.’
Kroil’s face turned into a sneer as he turned off the station before the next wail of noise started from the speakers, stubbing out his cigarette on the wing mirror, he did a u-turn in the road and headed in the direction of the town centre.

High in the hills above Lake Taupo sat the crazy old blind woman, in her makeshift hut, muttering to herself, cross legged in front of the fire she sang a lament of sorts, her head swaying, the flames of the fire seemed to follow the movement rising high and low to the tone of her voice.  She stopped suddenly and beckoned to the corner of the room. 
“Well if you’re going to stop by for a visit, you could at least come closer so that I can see you.”
“You are Moana?”
“Yes I am and you young man, are not as young as you appear! I have not heard your ancient language for many years, how is Cooper?”
Dallon stepped from the shadows and sat beside her at the fireside, she reached up to his face and gently stroked his cheek as she read his mind.
“Well this is most interesting, what a tangled web we weave, you are searching for the one that seeks my counsel, perhaps you can guide her to me, I sense she is close but she has lost her way, pass me my runes boy and we shall see.”
Dallon lifted the strange stones in front of him, each no bigger than a small coin but with odd looking symbols he had not seen before, he dropped the stones into her waiting palms.  Moana began to shake them violently and began muttering incoherently, in an instant she stopped and thrust them forward into the fire.  One by one the symbols lit up in a bright white light etched in the stone, she shook her mop of hair and lifted her eyes to the ceiling.
“She is quite near, wait, I see another who walks beside her, a spirit guide, we must act quickly before it is too late.”
As dawn broke Kate opened her eyes to greet the morning, further up the hill Jasper began to sniff at the shadows.
“What is it boy?” 
Jasper began barking at the shadows.
“Sshh!” said Kate worried that he would give away their hiding place, she did not realise that only those in spirit could hear him.
“Who is it, who's there?” she called into the darkness.
A ghostly figure stepped from the shadows, a boy not much younger than her, dressed in an old cloak, his feet bare and muddy, he gestured to her to be quiet.  As he approached Jasper began running around him in circles sniffing at his legs, when he was happy he stopped and began to wag his tail.  The boy sat on the bank beside Kate, the grass could still be seen through his transparent body, he reached inside his cloak and held something out to her in the palm of his hand.  Kate wondered how the object managed to stay put without falling through as she picked it up and smiled.  She had recognised instantly Jol’s signet ring, the one that had belonged to her mother, she had admired it on the day they first met.
“Is she ok?” she asked the strange boy.
Dallon nodded to her, he understood her words but could not reciprocate, with time he would master this affliction, he pointed to her pocket and nodded again.  Startled by the small vibration, Kate reached into her pocket, the phone had lit up with a message ‘find moana’ but how? The battery had died ages ago.
Dallon rose to his feet and motioned to the pair to follow him, Jasper bounding along beside him.  As they climbed higher, the hillside became thick with trees and Kate could not help but notice that the boy’s image was becoming stronger.  Smoke filled the air and up ahead a light glowed from what looked like an old shed, the boy took her by the hand and gestured at the door, he was no longer transparent but his touch icy cold.
The door creaked open and revealed the familiar image of Moana, sat on the floor beside the fire.
“Kate my girl it has been a very long time, come in from the cold and shut the door behind you.”
Kate was shocked to see the old woman again, the hut had fell into disrepair and she would never have recognised it if it were not for the strange boy beside her.  Moana appeared to have lost her sight, beside her a small wooden cage which she opened and lifted out a once magnificent Tui, it now looked a little tattered with age, gently caressing its feathers she whispered something to the bird.  Kate ducked as the bird swooped past her head, suddenly taking flight towards the door, Dallon opened it just enough for the bird to escape.
Kate remembered the first time she had met the Tui bird, Moana explained how she had trapped him, imitating his call by sucking her breath over a folded leaf to make the chirping sound that attracted him.  Kate had thought it cruel to trap such a magnificent bird but Moana explained how she had trimmed his brush like tongue to aid him with the ability of human speech, they had become firm friends and he was free to come and go as he pleased, the cage served as only his resting place.
“Er, was that meant to happen?” asked Kate.
“Yes, yes, he'll be back, now let me look at you child.”
“But your eyes!”
“I cannot see the living my dear, now tell me what on earth has happened to you?”
Kate was confused.  She sat beside her and began her story, when finished Moana asked,
“What’s in that bag child?”
“Um it’s a loaf of bread.”
“What a wonderful gift thank you.”
Kate passed the bag to Moana, she hadn’t even touched the bread, the hunger she expected never came, Moana looked in more need of it than her.
The old woman picked up a pile of stones with strange symbols on and began to shake them in her clasped hands, then as she started to mutter in a strange tongue, she thrust them into the fire.  Each symbol threw off a great white light which found every corner of the room sending the spiders to retreat to their hiding places within the walls.  Kate held up her hands to protect her eyes, Moana and Dallon did not, both stared into the fire, Moana began to shake her head.
“What I have to tell you girl will be difficult, but the truth is always hard.”
Kate lowered her hands from her eyes, relieved to see the light had ebbed to a gentle glimmer and leaned forward to listen, Dallon sat opposite, watching her.
“You have a sad and heavy heart for the male known as Stanton and what happened, he is alive and for now he is safe, this news startles you I see.  How can this be? I understand you saw the body floating in the pool after you tried to save him, but did you not stop to look at that body? Of course not! You were running for your life, running from evil.  Kate that body was yours.  The effort you made to save your friend took your last breath.”
Moana looked at the girl in front of her.  She could see the disbelief on her face as she reached up and touched it.
“But I am alive, I do not understand.”
“You have a very strong spirit, unique, that of the gwenfyndar, very few have this precious gift.  You wonder why people stare at you.  Your image is fading, you have been lucky to last so long without detection, sometimes you have appeared like a ghost and then whole again, that is how they stare.  Your loyal companion has travelled from the spirit world to guide you.  Those that were once very close often stay to watch over you once they have passed.  Are you alright?”
Kate stared into the flames, as she stroked her companion, this really was her Jasper after all, she had wanted that to be true from the moment they met.
“What happened to Stanton?” her heart skipped at the mention of his name on her lips, “I was so sure he had drowned, I saw……” she shuddered at the image in her mind.
“I do not know everything my child, I only know that he is alive and protected.”
Moana opened the loaf and took out a slice, she began to suck on the bread.
“Pah! This is white - not my favourite - too many additives.  Kate you are pale, are you alright?”
Distracted from her thoughts, Kate replied, 
“What! Oh yes, it all kind of makes sense now, but I am confused, how can I wear the clothes of the living if I am de, de…..”
Dallon touched her on the arm and squeezed it, she felt that alright, he smiled at her and nodded, did he not speak?
Moana swallowed the mouthful of bread and continued.
“Because you are no ordinary girl Kate, you carry the spirit of the white deer within you, you are in-spirit yet you cling to the life you had, you are the living dead exactly like young Dallon here who was sent to protect you.”
Kate looked at the boy, how could he protect her?
“Can I be saved?”
“I can help you pass over to the other side if that is your wish.”
“What choice do I have?”
Dallon nodded at Moana, encouraging her to tell Kate the truth.
“She is third in line boy, to tell her would be cruel.”
“What does he want me to know?”
“Ah! I suppose it will do no harm, secrets are far worse and have no value.  It is a cruel twist of fate that binds us all Kate, I fear young Dallon here is quite taken with you, he wishes to sacrifice himself to save you, he says you are a friend of the chosen one and it is only right that he do this.”
“I don’t understand?”
“Jol is under the protection of others, far from this land, they have sent Dallon to help protect you from Tadge and the demon that seeks your soul.”
“Who is Tadge?”
“The one fallen from grace, he seeks the stone, it was activated the moment Jol was in danger but I am not sure how this happened the stone can only be activated by the one to whom first carried it.”
“That would be Chris, Jol’s brother but he passed a year ago and she gave it to me, to borrow.”
“Ah! That is the explanation.” the old woman nodded her head.
“I don’t understand, what does this Tadge want from me?”
“He does not know you have been given the stone, he will think you have stolen it, that you mean harm to the chosen one, he will attack you.”
“Then I must get rid of it, throw it away.”
“And what of your promise to your friend to give it back?”
Kate thought of her promise to Jol, what a mess, she hadn’t even wanted the stone in the first place.  Dallon held out his hand, was he asking for the stone? She took it from her pocket and gave it to him.
“Dallon has a message for Tadge, he will not attack you if Dallon is allowed to deliver the message first.”
“Well, let Dallon keep the stone, he can leave me here and face this Tadge himself.”
“It does not work like that Kate, you cannot give the stone away, Jol gave it to you, perhaps not realising at the time she was passing the baton on to you, so to speak and besides who will help you hide from the demons if you send him away?”
Dallon passed the stone back to Kate, his eyes a little sad from her comments, he nodded at Moana to continue.
“But why hide, apparently I’m dead already!”
“This is the twist Kate, Tadge has a power, the power to give life to just one mortal, he has promised this gift to Jol if she were ever to die.”
“Then why tell me about it if I can’t have it.”
“Because Dallon holds a message for Tadge to return to the others, his guardian wants Tadge to give Dallon the gift of life, only Jol can grant his wish.”
Kate looked at the boy in front of her, his eyes shrouded by soot from the fire,
“Why would she do that?”
“Because, she is in love with his guardian.”
“Oh!” Kate was amazed, she remembered Jol’s bedroom and their conversation before the party, she had never shown any interest in anyone until now, how could she have fallen in love so quickly?
“Then she will grant his wish, I’m sure.”
Dallon smiled again and through the soot his eyes sparkled, he held Kate’s hand and nodded once more at Moana.
“Did I mention he was smitten? What a dilemma for poor Jol, who should she grant life to, young Dallon or her best friend? She does not yet know of your own fate Kate, she believes you are still alive.”
“Then what should we do?”
Kate looked at the boy, he was younger than her and one of them would wind up completely dead anyway, she let him continue to hold her hand, what else could she do?  At least he knew how she would be feeling, they both shared the same fate yet he was willing to sacrifice himself for her.  The thought was disturbing yet comforting in a way, there could be hope, she felt sorry for the boy.
“See the runes child, they tell me many things, the book you hold in your jacket should be returned to Stanton but the demon, he comes, he has picked up on your signal.”
“Then we have to run, hide, where should we go Moana?”
The old woman rubbed at her knees, then traced her hand across her face, raising her bony forefinger towards the boy.
“Dallon you must walk the timelines, the lost souls will help to confuse the signal, take Kate and search for Tadge as you travel.  I will send word when it is safe to return the book to Stanton, do not lose it, he is destined to complete the story.”
Kate did not know what she was talking about but there was no time to ask, there was a noise at the door, a scraping, Dallon opened it slightly to be confronted with the flapping wings of Tui, the bird flew into the room small feathers shooting everywhere as he flapped his wings in a panic, eventually coming to rest on Moana’s shoulder, he looked like he was pecking at her ear.
“The demon is close children, we do not have much time.  You are still very pale Kate, Dallon if you please, pour yourself and the young lady here a drink from the pot on the stove, it is my special brew, only for my spirit friends.”
Dallon poured the insipid looking mixture into the broken mugs and handed one to Kate who looked frozen in fear, he downed his drink and nodded with his smile at Kate to try it.  She let the clear liquid touch her lips, there was no taste, as she swallowed it was like a fizzle of electricity which flowed through her body, it felt good, almost like she were alive again.  Swallowing the last of the liquid she lowered the mug, “what is that!”
“A little something to help you on your way, it will help, you must leave now girl.”
“What will you do?”
“Do not worry about me, I know what I must do, now go.”  
Moana had stood and was now shooing at them like unwelcome pests. 
“Be gone and quickly, he comes.”

Kroil was a wizard with modern technology, after arriving at the supermarket he had no need to enter, when he pulled into the parking lot the kilaris stone erupted, the pulse within growing stronger as it danced across the dash.
He laughed at the easiness of his quest and how Clarintor had unknowingly sent him in the right direction, it took only seconds for him to synchronise the kilaris stone with the satellite navigation system.  He now sat comfortable in the leather seat taking time to enjoy his surroundings as the automated voice told him in which direction to head.
Pulling into a lay-by at the top of a hill shrouded by trees, he had reached his final destination, the pulse now a strong and steady beat within the stone.  Kroil cut the engine and reached across the dash for the stone surprisingly warm to the touch now that the beat had grown, oh yes she was quite near, the stone would guide him.
He slammed the door shut behind him and took out another cigarette, tapping it against the side of the box as he thought about the next part of his plan, whether to watch her closely until the great Tadge arrived or to take her hostage but the trouble with that idea was where would he take her?  First to locate the soul then he would decide on the best action.  He placed the cigarette between his lips and lighting it took a slow long drag, inhaling the drug, the path through the trees turned away from the road and led him down the remote hillside, the canopy overhead darkening his route.  Kroil took his time, he did not make a sound, demons had no need for walking such as mortals, he glided effortlessly along the path when he stopped, through the trees he could see an old shack, wood smoke billowing from the roof, what a strange place for a young girl to head, no matter his goal was in sight.
Pushing the door open to the small darkened room, the old woman sat hunched in the centre of the floor with her back to him, he looked into the shadows and saw nothing.
“It is customary to knock before entering,”
Moana spoke in a quiet yet determined voice.
“Where is the girl?” demanded Kroil.
“It has been a long time since I was a girl, can you not tell?”
“Don’t trifle with me hag, you know what I mean.”
“Do you have a gift for me?”
“What?”
“Guidance must be paid in kind, where is my gift?”
Tui flew from above the fire, towards his head, his wings flapping around in wild excitement, Kroil’s temper erupted, the ground beneath them shook as one swipe from his hand slammed Tui against the wall with such force, the last shriek from his tiny body echoed around the walls as his feathered frame fell down, broken and still.
Moana said nothing as Kroil moved around the room, the stones pulse drumming in his hand, he stopped in front of the woman and kicked at her body.  She raised her head slowly to face him, her eyes sunken and her face shrivelled and ashen, a loud crack penetrated the gloom as she parted her lips and began to laugh, a sinister yet triumphant cackle as her form collapsed into a pile of black soot.  He had been tricked, tricked into wasting time here, he stepped back outside, the pulse still drumming in his hand when he saw it at the side of the shack, a shimmer against the backdrop of trees.  He waved his hand and flicked the butt of his cigarette towards the shack, flames rose rapidly licking at the sides.  
So she had entered the timelines, you can run but you can’t hide girl, I shall find you he thought as he stepped forward into the void.

The rush of wind took Jez by surprise, where was his helmet?  The cars were backing up in front of him, stopping haphazardly on the highway, it was impossible to weave in and out. These dreams were so real, Jez wanted to pinch himself back to reality but the only movement came with the flashbacks in his mind.  It started to rain big droplets, hard and deliberate, the cold eating into his face.  Why didn’t he have his helmet on he wondered. He was just as surprised that the engine was purring gently underneath him, then he remembered the old gypsies voice. He was running late, the urgency to get ahead invading his thoughts but what was he late for? A tunnel of time opened up before him, the secret escape from the congested traffic, he opened up the throttle and headed into the clouded shadows.



Chapter 20

Clarintor had prepared herself over the centuries for the possibility of what she was about to face, her demonic birth.  The memories were vague, at first the sense of great loss then joy at her freedom, released from the existence which had held her back for so many years.  Life before that day had been erased from her memory, but that day, the beginning, brought forth from the actions of the fallen angel had almost destroyed her but he had failed, the result her creation.
She had surprising power which allowed her to progress with ease through the underworld, quickly establishing her current standing.  With her quick succession came knowledge, a legend amongst the un-dead of the fallen angel named Tadge who had crossed the line, one of gods greatest he committed an unforgivable sin, Tadge had broken the rules and fallen in love, disobeyed the golden sanctity and fathered a child, his punishment to be banished from heaven.  Events surrounding this legend echoed in her memories, Tadge had been the one who attacked that day oblivious to her fate.  His face, his voice and scent, she remembered, the same scent she had detected within the pulse she craved.
It had to be the child, his child, the power of that child would be immense, with that power she would stand out and be recognised, her goal a seat beside the Grand Master with whom only the most powerful were granted an audience.  She was not alone in her desires, many of her kind sought the same power, Clarintor had the knowledge and vowed one day to thank Tadge before destroying him forever.
Back in her chamber, the time was growing ever closer and she could taste victory.  Clarintor took an old brass key from around her neck and approached a locked door obscured by a large velvet curtain at the rear of the room, behind the door a small ledge carved into the rock and a square object covered by an old dust cloth.  She removed the cloth filling the air with a thick acrid smoke, beneath which lay an old plain wooden cabinet, she raised the latch on the cabinet door and creaked it open.  Inside an amber globe, the bottom encased in volcanic rock, never before had she the power to re-awaken the globe until now.  Clarintor lifted the heavy object from its tomb and took it to the pedestal of her chamber, as the object rested in its new position, she held her hands above the globe and began to speak.
“Danherem, Phernmentum, Cinatum.”
Between her hands a re-run of the nights events projected within, her hands shook violently threatening to break apart as the electric pulse began to vibrate throughout the chamber.
The same pulse had once silenced the All Seeing Eye within the globe, Clarintor was sure the same pulse would re-awaken its powers.  As she fought to contain the images, the amber cloud within the globe began to move, slowly at first as a gentle swirl of specks appeared like an autumn wind had breezed by and began whipping up fallen leaves.  It became more violent as it gained momentum, a tornado forcing itself around the internal edge, looking for an escape.  The powerful force within could not move the object, steadfast upon the pedestal but transferred itself into the chamber, the room rocking from the volcanic seizure, the mannequin the first to fall, smashing into a thousand pieces, its form broken forever.  The books above her desk, heavy in their stature shuffled from side to side as they each jumped forward, splitting the shelf in two and crashing down onto her desk.  Clarintor stood firm, her cloak whipping around her in the frenzy, it was working and no matter what damage the chamber incurred she would not give in to the power she craved.  The vials within the dresser were chinking as they danced behind the door, the dresser lurched forward and fell to the floor just centimetres from her heel, the rush of wind sending clouds of dust into the air.  The resounding noise as her precious potions smashed, enough to burst the eardrums of a mortal, Clarintor stood firm as the heady mixtures combined sending a chemical gas seeping from the edges of the broken dresser.  The tornado encased in the globe had split into sisters dancing a waltz within, coming together in greeting then with a bow they fizzled at last.  The huge ornate mirror, so heavy in its golden casing shifted with the last tremor, the ground groaned as it split open across the chamber, her one weakness, Clarintor released her grip and sprang forward to steady the source of her vanity.
The mirror rested back into position as calm restored itself, she slid down the frame into an unceremonious heap on the floor.  Seconds passed before she regained her composure, lifting herself up and checking her image was intact, she gasped at her reflection and with a wave of her hand, perfected the make-up and re-styled her flaming tresses.  Smoothing the creases from her dress she assessed the damage reflected in the mirror, the dresser would need replacing and the magic rebottled.  The ancient texts were remarkably heavy and apart from the odd split spine they remained intact, their weight had not forced any damage to the granite table beneath.
Clarintor’s breathing was a little laboured, picking the splinter of wood embedded at the front of her neck, her throat felt surprising sore, a factor forced from the exertion needed to re-awaken the globe that now stood on the other side of the crater.
The dispersed cloud revealed the dragons All Seeing Eye at the centre of the globe, awakened at last from its slumber, its pupil a fiery red from the awakening force, blinking several times before the narrow slit returned to the green it once was.  As calm descended across the room the huge lid closed, allowing the eye to rest until called by its master, Clarintor smiled, she was the master now.  Such force would have alerted others of her kind to the eruption of power, she would have to move fast to avoid detection.

Dallon tried his best to console Kate, he held her hand tightly and kept smiling, she felt empty and lost, the world before them deathly silent and cold.
They had stepped into a void between two mamaku trees where the land fell away from their feet, she half expected to fall down into the abyss.  It was clear Dallon had already taken this path on his search to find her, more confident than she of the way ahead.  Walking the timelines filled them both with vigour, awakening their senses that were slowly dying in their mortal bodies.  Kate felt a little scared, the way ahead a long swirling tunnel engulfed in the dullest of grey, it reminded her of back home when the cloud hung low, the incoming weather sweeping down across the hills.
Up ahead the tunnel seemed to close in, coming to an end but with each step the point moved further away.  Kate felt as though she were walking in the clouds, looking for the light to ease the pain of her broken heart, yet Dallon seemed determined to forge on, with each step another smile to quell her fears.  He had kind eyes that shined as he smiled, although she didn’t know him, it was a comfort to have him near, holding her hand.  The swirling cloud behind them began to darken and rumble, was it him? Was this the demon chasing her soul?  Without warning Dallon pulled her through the edge of the cloud to another path which opened onto many others, heading this way and that, which way should they go?  He smiled at her again and leading the way, stepped forward once more through the smoky walls of the pathway junction, on the other side just two paths now which crossed each other.  Kate looked at him questionably and wondered how many paths they would encounter to escape the demon.  She followed Dallon's gaze to where they had just come and watched as the crackle of black headed away from them.  It was time for Kate to smile, her silent new friend had eluded the demon, they were safe for now, the feeling of relief washed over her.
“Where to now Dallon? We can’t keep running, we have to find Tadge.”
He stood before her and looked her right in the eyes, she was dazzled by the brightness glowing from within him, he took her hand and kissed the back of it.  Kate did not know what to do, she was strangely captivated by the young boy and grateful for his company.  He looked left, then right as if deciding where to head next, to their right a buzzing cut the silent void growing louder as it approached, he pulled her back into the shadows of the cloud to avoid what was coming.
They stood hidden from view as a group of people approached chatting animatedly, oblivious to their existence.  Kate did not recognise the clothes but thought they looked old fashioned as the group passed by they had to be dead right? Then why look so happy about it?
“Are they dead?” she asked Dallon.
He nodded his head as they stepped out of the shadows, his smile gone she wondered what he was thinking, perhaps this was the fate that awaited them both, to wander the pathways, these timelines together, forever.  Feeling the stone in her pocket she wanted to throw it away and would have done if it were not for Moana’s warning, to her surprise a tear began to well and rolled slowly down her cheek. Dallon watched the tear as it traced the outline of her face, at her chin he reached forward taking the tear on his finger, he tasted the saltiness and smiled again.
‘Euew! gross!’ she thought.
Dallon knew the closer they moved inward the harder it would be for the demon to track them for in the centre of the timelines lay the stairway to heaven, a place where demons would fear to tread.  In his mind the warning from Al’ice, stay away from the light for I cannot save you if you stray too far, remember Tadge has fallen from grace and will not go where the demons fear also.
Kate’s head began to spin, she felt giddy as the light grew brighter “I need to rest” she told him.
Dallon knew the right place to take her, he had passed it on his way and stood amazed in wonder at its beauty, stepping through another cloud they came across an illusion of a bright sunny day in a well kept park, the obligatory duck pond with mothers and children at the water’s edge, smiling and laughing as they fed the birds.  The expanse of grass that stretched in front of them was flanked by great oaks, the park filled with people, ghostly images of many times past.  He led her to the centre and the band rotunda, its cast iron ornate frame freshly painted Kate could almost detect the faint smell.  They sat upon the steps and watched the spirits enjoying themselves, as if death had not taken them, a very surreal experience.  She began to feel better, how was it she felt calm in Dallon’s presence, how was it he knew what she was saying although he didn’t speak?  The swelling in her brain reducing as he clasped her hand in his, she rested her head against his shoulder.
It was the calm before the storm as the clouds across the pond rolled with thunder, the mothers quickly gathering their children and running for cover from the incoming storm, the fear that had been dancing at the fringes of the park thrust itself back towards them. 
“Dallon, is that him?” she asked frantically.

Clarintor turned the closing mechanism for the wooden blinds adorning the huge window of her beach front apartment.  A small extravagance she had bought many years before, now worth a fortune, this was the first time she had set foot in the place among the mortal living.  The furniture still covered in dust sheets except for the small round polished table positioned at the centre of the room.  As the blinds blocked out the last of the sunlight she flicked the switch, the dimmer affording the dull half light, casting shadows from the walls.
Clarintor had changed, picking up a few items from an uptown boutique on the way.  Her mirror stood proud against the opposing wall allowing her to admire her new purchase.  The darkest of midnight blue in crushed velvet, the same figure hugging design she favoured which flared at the knees, she had painted her nails to match.  Her long nails now caressed the edge of the table as she circled the amber globe contemplating her next move. She stopped and placed her finger at the top where steam seemed to escape from under her skin.
“Peter, Peter are you safe child?”
Pete roused from his sleep, had curled beneath a rock on the far side of the river, close enough to some washed garments laid out to dry on the grassy bank.  His alarm at the voice nearly exposed his position as his head sprang up into the daylight, he looked around, it was Clarintor’s voice but he could not see her.
“I’m here” he whispered, “I cannot see you.”
Clarintor let out a deep sigh, suppressing her anger at his stupidity, “I am in your head boy, now show me what you can see.”
The dense throb in his brain alerted his senses to her presence, how could she do that? he wondered.
“Show me!”
His tongue flicked out in annoyance at her intrusion but obediently he looked around first at the cottage opposite and then towards the village, knowing that somewhere within his mind she was able to see everything.
Her eyes bulged as she witnessed the old man perform his magic on the younger mans arm, then she watched transfixed on the sparring between Cooper and Jez.  Pete grew bored of the scene and his eyes wandered to the left as Clarintor heard a splash from the river.
“Turn back you fool, what did I miss?”
There was a double knock at the door, the thud, thud dulling Pete’s brain, how strange, no one knows I am here, she thought.  She covered the globe quickly with a table cloth and prepared herself for the confrontation, expecting the door to explode any moment.  A slip of paper passed under the door and silence, she stepped forward and bent to pick it up.  The gold paper was hot to the touch, as she unfolded the note and read.
The master demands an audience
arrive at 3 or suffer the consequences
As she finished reading, the note burst into a blue flame, disintegrating in the air with no ashes.  So her actions back at her chamber had alerted more than your average demon, the master demanded to see her, one step closer to her goal.  At last she had been noticed for her great efforts or perhaps it was the globe he sought, the re-awakened source of magic was bound to draw attention to itself.
Clarintor returned to the globe and re-connected with Pete.
“Show me what you see now and no diversions this time, I want to know everything.”
Pete groaned as he checked the coast was clear, back in front of the cottage, the three figures from earlier had been joined by two others, he recognised one as the man who he had previously followed and who had unknowingly stabbed him through the shoulder.  The girl looked familiar, perhaps the one who they brought across time earlier, she looked happy.  They both watched through Pete’s eyes as the rest of the scene unfolded, Jol’s healing of Jez’s arm, the two older men leaving and then Jol’s collapse.  Pete could feel the glee from inside his mind, Clarintor was very interested in the girl and even more so, pleased at her weak demeanour.
“Stay close Pete I will leave you now, you must eat, I can sense your weak and feeble mind, I must not lose my connection with you because of your own stupidity!”

The aperture of light ahead grew larger, the rush of wind stung his ears with the cold.  Jez enjoyed the ride, all his cares, all his troubles evaporated when he opened up the throttle on his bike.
No one could touch him, no one could hurt him as he sped forward alone in his bubble of contentment.  The end of the tunnel was in sight, Jez didn’t know where he was going, where he had come from but it didn’t matter, all worries taken with the exhilaration of the ride.  He eased off as he approached the exit, the light so intense, he could not see the road ahead.
The low hum of the bike grew stronger as he eased into 3rd gear.  The light smacked him in the face as he left the tunnel, for one brief second he was blinded.  The scene unfolded slowly as the figure appeared from no-where standing in the middle of the road.  What the hell! The girl stood, head bowed as he swung the bike left to avoid her, left towards the sharp bend.  The rocky edge clung to the side of the road as he fought with the bike, sliding from underneath him as he raced towards the grey expanse above him.  If he hadn’t of slowed he would have smacked head on.
Jez felt the pain as the gravelled tarmac caressed his leg, his body and arm.  The bike came to rest with a shuddering halt, the tyres bouncing off the rock, his head smacked against the road as he looked back towards the girl. She lifted her eyes and stared at him, her hand raised as her lips gently moved.  Jez knew that girl, his eyes failed him as he slipped under, back into the murky depths from whence he came.



Chapter 21

The fresh air hit my face as if I had plunged into cold water, refreshing my heady thoughts.  Days had passed since the party that changed my life. I trudge slowly over to the rock beside the river to gather my thoughts, memories of a normal life, seventeen with my whole life ahead of me but now the future, a black void?  All my hopes and dreams seem lost, dead along with dad.  Thoughts of him wash over my brain, he had finally seemed at peace in our new home, his business was ticking along nicely as far as I could tell and he had seemed more settled.  A smile creeps across my face as I remember how he would spend Sunday in the garden with Bill the old man from next door, dad had never took to gardening and had been happy to let Bill lead the way.  They are a nice old couple that live in the rented house beside ours, with no family of their own to fuss over, Margaret delighted in inviting us over for dinner every Sunday.  I remember that first time and the look of horror on my face when the roast beef was carved, Margaret was such a nice old dear, she took it well though and from then on I always tucked into the best nut roast I had ever tasted.
I look up at Jez pacing at the cottage door and wonder what lies ahead in his future.  Up and down, up and down past the entrance he paces stopping once to listen at the door.
“What is it?” I ask interrupting his thoughts.
“Oh! nothing.” 
He continues to pace, his worry difficult to ignore as he chews at his finger nails, I smile inwardly, that’s exactly what I do, something is clearly troubling him.
“Jez?”
“What?”
“What’s wrong with you, you’re making me dizzy, won’t you sit down.”
He stops briefly to glance in my direction, he ignores my questioning face, his expression gives nothing away, he is lost in his thoughts and so the pacing begins again.
There are sounds from the villagers beyond and the slow trickle of water behind me, there is nothing to do but sit and wait the agonising silent despair knawing our bones.  I want desperately to talk to Jez, just the two of us now, I’m not a patient person and cannot bear the silence any longer, I reach out to him with my thoughts, I’m surprised at what I find.
“Oh!”
“Damn it Jol, do you have to do that! get outta my head.”
“Ssshh you might wake Eldeen, I’m sorry Jez, it’s just your pacing, I was worried, it gets lonely over here in the silence you know.  I, I didn’t know you felt that way?”
“Well that’s what you get for going where you’re not wanted, some thoughts are private you know!”
I am wounded but appalled at the look of hurt I have caused.
“But does Cooper know how you feel, I’ve seen the way she admires you in her eyes, maybe…………”
“SHUT UP!” he shouts, my mind barely able to withstand the force.
I have touched a nerve and have made my one remaining friend angry, he’ll never talk to me now.  I didn’t mean to upset him, I turn my gaze back to the river and sulk, I can actually feel my bottom lip jutting out like a baby, I’m angry at myself now for being such an idiot.  I try and convince myself it’s all Jez’s fault, he’s the sensitive one, what is his problem? It’s not a crime to be attracted to someone.
“Look I’m sorry Jol, it’s just a shock that’s all, it would never work, she could be hundreds of years old for god’s sake, it’s just wrong and besides we’re related.”
“Oh!”
“Hah! yes and what about you and Al’ice, it’s just dawned on you too.”
“Al’ice is different.”
“How? how is your situation any different to mine?”
He doesn’t know the truth but how can I tell him when I haven’t even told Al’ice yet how I feel.  Yes I am attracted to him, when I first saw him at the party I couldn’t tear my eyes away, I never knew who he was then and knowing the truth now makes no difference, he has churned up feelings I thought uncapable of.  I can feel Jez glaring at the back of my neck, expecting an answer, I wish Al’ice were here now, longing to know if he is safe, I miss him so much, Oh God! I’m falling in love, falling in love with my cat.
Jez growing impatient at my silence, “You can’t answer me can you, cause you know it’s true.”
OK Jez, this is one reality check you’ve got all wrong, well I’ve got news for you. “It’s not the same, we are not related in the same way, Al’ice was adopted.”
“What!”
“No Jez, please, I’ve said too much, it was not my place to.”
He is staring at me in disbelief, first he thought he was all alone, then discovers he has a brother and now this! I shouldn’t have opened my mouth, I feel my panic wash over him as he realises the enormity of my outburst.
“No, I, I won’t say anything.”
“Promise?”
He walks away from the entrance and towards me, taking my hand in consolation.
“Why should I cause you more pain than you’re already in Jol, I know the pain of losing both parents and on top of everything else…………………”
I’m so grateful for his comforting words, I fling my arms around his neck and without warning all my pent up emotion releases the floodgates.  I feel his body tense but I don’t care, right here, right now, he’s all I’ve got.  His body relaxes and his arms pull me into a comforting embrace, holding me tight I know he breathes in the scent of my hair but I don’t care, I just need to be held.
“Thank you” I manage at last as I try to steady my broken voice.
He gives no indication of feeling uncomfortable, I take the warmth from his closeness and let it comfort me as my sobs subside.  Despite our close link Jez manages to hide the fact well of his overwhelming desire to protect me.
“Am I interrupting anything?” asks Al’ice, much to our surprise.
I cannot part myself from Jez quickly enough, wiping at my tears, the joy of his return etched clear to see.
Al’ice is leaning against the front of the cottage, his arms folded, he looks a little anxious and angry, I hope he has not read too much in what he saw.
“Jez, a word if you don’t mind” he commands as he cocks his head in the direction of the cottage entrance.
“Jez, be careful” I warn through my thoughts.
“What? you scared of what he might do? some relationship you’ve got, where’s the trust?”
His words cut me deeply as I watch him follow Al’ice into the cottage, how can he be such a comfort to me one minute and so cruel the next, but was he right?  If there is no trust between Al’ice and I then what future do we have?  Future, I hate that word now, up into a year ago I had a future, a career all mapped out, I realise now life is not certain.  Al’ice belongs here with his own kind, was I stupid to even hope we had a future together? Then I remember the last time I talked to Gran, we make our own choices in life, choose the path you take with care, do not rush into anything but embrace life and above all be happy.  I thought it had been a kind of mixed up statement at the time, now I’m not so sure, would Gran approve of my feelings for Al’ice? maybe so.  Perhaps I should let fate guide the way, perhaps even Tadge, if he can be found, will know what’s best.
Al’ice stepped aside from the door and allowed Jez to enter first, he clenched his fists ready, expecting Al’ice to attack him again.
“How has Uncle been?” he asked calmly.
“Not a sound, except his heavy breathing.”
“Jez, I want to thank you for taking care of them both whilst I was gone but I have one more favour to ask of you.”
He was stunned by the remarkable calm of his brother and felt a little intimidated in his presence.  Al’ice had acted like a man, not a young fool, he had been only too ready to fight back from the attack that never came, he nodded and waited for the request.
“Please wait here with uncle, I wish to speak with Jol, we shall walk for a while, I know you can hear great distances and I wish the conversation to be private!”
Jez nodded his agreement and smiled to himself, he could easily close his ears, he did not want to hear their conversation, curiosity now would only fuel his jealousy of what they shared, and if she needed him, well they had their secret connection.
My anxiety surely threatens my sanity as I will everything to be alright within the cottage.
Al’ice emerges, blinking in the sun as he looks in my direction searching for me by the waters edge.  I wonder if my worried face mirrors his own darkest thoughts, whatever they me be as he walks cautiously over.  Taking both my hands in his, I tense at his grave expression, what can it mean?  He looks so sad, I long to kiss him and tell him everything will be alright but I can’t.  At last he smiles, just slightly, a hint of the Al’ice I had got to know in Kamerrean.
“Can we walk?” he asks, leading me away from the cottage and the river.  Before I can answer, he is already leading me away in the opposite direction and the part of this land I am yet to explore.
He’s holding my hand tightly as if scared to let go, my heart is racing with anticipation of what he wants, hoping that Jez has not betrayed his promise as Al’ice leads me towards the craggy mountains I see every time we leave the cottage.
Jez watched them walk away as he probed Jol’s mind, he could not detect her thoughts but sensed her intrepidation.  There was a cough behind him, “Eldeen are you alright?” he asked.
“Jerimiah, is that you? Where are the others?”
Jez swallowed hard as the old man called him by his correct name, god how he hated it, he was surprised at how alive Eldeen had sounded and pulled back the curtain to investigate.
He nearly jumped out of his skin as Jez thrust the curtain aside, “what are you doing? You’re not supposed to enter my chamber.”
“What the hell are you doing? I thought you were sick?”
They both eyed each other warily, Jez stood beside the curtain and witnessed Eldeen sat at a desk with large sheets of yellowed paper which he was scratching words upon with the sharp end of a feather, he could not see any ink though, the words appeared miraculously.
Eldeen put down his quill and heaved a heavy sigh, he motioned to the bed beside him, “you may as well sit Jerimiah, I will explain.”
He passed one of the parchments to his nephew as he sat at the edge of the bed and began, “you have discovered my secret, even Cooper and Al’ice are not aware of what I write, I wish you to keep my secret.”
“Well tell me what this is and I’ll think about it.”
“You are most gracious to your old Uncle” and he gave him a wistful smile.
“Since we came to this land long ago, I fear for the future of our people.  This is an account of our homeland Kamerrean and how we came to be on this planet, do not look so startled Jerimiah, surely it must be obvious to you now that we come from the stars, such magic as ours rarely exists in your world.  Since your arrival I have made amendments to the text, my brother no longer lost, has returned in the image of his son.  Our story must be written for future generations, the others must not know until I have finished the scrolls, I do not want them to fall into the wrong hands.”
“Then why tell me?”
“You were the one who invaded my sanctuary, remember? I only wish I knew more of what happened to my brother.”
Jez felt the bulge in his jacket and thought about the conversation he had earlier with Jol regarding his book.
“Here maybe this will help, but I want it back.”
Eldeen took the small black book from his hand, looking from the book to Jez questionably.
“What is it?”
“It was my fathers, take a look, I’m sure you’ll make more sense of it than me, but I want it back.”
Eldeen opened the cover and gasped at the first words to befall him, then as he read each tiny page in turn, his eyes filled with water, his emotions overwhelmed him.
Jez felt awkward, blokes weren’t meant to cry, he coughed and changed the subject.
“So, you’re not ill then?”
Eldeen raised his eyes from the page and stared right into the soul of his nephew.
“I am weak, you do not believe me? exhaustion fills me when I perform magic, my breaths are not much longer for this world Jerimiah, if I had known about you, alas it is not to be, do not blame an old man for his choices, Al’ice will be my successor and a fine one at that.”
“He was adopted?”
“You know of this, the knowledge troubles you?”
Jez thought for a moment, what difference did it make? None really, he already knew he did not want to stay here forever, the life too simplistic for his liking and no modern technology.
“Nah! not really.”
Eldeen nodded as if understanding his thoughts.
“You gonna tell me what dad wrote in his book?”
“Yes Jerimiah, I have a little strength left, please let me continue, these new revelations must be written at once, remember not a word, I will tell you later when I am refreshed.”
“Yeah well, you just remember to give me it back once you’re finished.”
Jez watched him as he unfolded a new scroll untainted with words, for a moment he sat quill in hand as he contemplated his translation of the truth.  In a crazy frenetic dash, his hand moved swift and graciously, a blur before his eyes.  Beads of sweat began to fester on the old man’s brow.
“You sure you’re alright?” asked Jez.
Eldeen managed a nod without flinching from his task.  He felt strangely humbled by his action, letting the old man see his book, Julianne had been right about revealing his treasure of knowledge.  Jez rose from the bed and returned to the main room, careful to pull the curtain behind him, he could not see Jol and Al’ice in the distance, he listened but the slow trickle of the river was all that he could hear, no wait voices, it was talking from the village, how he wished he could understand his father’s language.

Al’ice almost had to drag me up the side of the mountain along a well worn path, having a dislike for sporting activities I find I’m not as fit as I should be.  We stop and  rest between two peaks and I’m a little embarrassed at just how out of breath I am. Al’ice is patient with me and suggests we wait for a moment to savour the view of the deep valley beyond, what a gentleman!  I try to remain calm yet still he raises an eyebrow as a wheeze accompanies my short breaths, I won’t let on that my ribs are killing me, like someone is stabbing between the bones, I hope my lungs recover soon.  I smile through the pain and lean against the rock to savour the view as suggested, before me is Scotland, the savage land of the brave.
The expanse of land before me is breathtaking, the deep stretch of brownish land encased by snow capped mountains, with a small river winding through the valley below.  I am surprised to see a small cluster of cottages further down, almost a mirror of our safe haven in the skies, the people are like ants milling around and I step back for fear of being seen.
He stands behind me now with his hand on my waist, I can feel his hot breath on my neck as he speaks.
“Do not be alarmed my angel, there is an invisible barrier see,” he holds his hand forward and touches a solid mass naked to the eye, a wall blocking the way ahead, “we will not be detected by the Celts.”
My heart is racing at the sound of his sweet musical voice, his hand feels so comfortable upon my waist, these few precious moments alone and I forget all my troubles as if I belong here, with him.  
“Al’ice, what year is it for the people of Scotland?”
“It is around 1296 if my calculations are correct.”
That date, where do I know it from? Ah yes. 
“Oh! Do you know of the man William Wallace?” 
I’ve seen Braveheart twice, it’s brutal yet a beautiful love story, of course they say it is only based on fact and adapted for Hollywood, I can hardly believe I am here in Scotland around his time.
“Yes, I have heard tales from the south of this man, I hear he is a giant, wild with rage against the English, how do you know his name?”
I can see the image of Mel Gibson, his face adorned with blue and smile.
“He is a legend to the Scottish people, in my time.  He will go on to fight the English in many battles, fighting for the independence of Scotland.”
“They are a fearsome yet proud people, does it not bother you, their hatred of the English?”
“It is not the same in my time, hatred has mainly become what the Scots call friendly banter.  I suppose if I were to meet them now it would be different.”
I feel at ease as we stand here admiring the view, I guess there is another purpose to this visit but he remains quiet by my side.  To break the growing tension in the air from his reluctance to speak, I step forward and touch the barrier, leaning against it with the palm of my hands and look down at the steep craggy edge of the mountain.  I don’t like heights but my invisible barrier holds fast raising my confidence as I hover on the brink admiring the view.
It is as I remember, seeing a similar landscape before when dad brought me to Scotland following the accident, quality time together he had called it, we travelled the book fairs together lost in our love of books.  The evenings spent talking about the books we found, not once discussing the truth behind the pain, suppressed by us both.  Of course, I have never seen Scotland from up this high before, only on picture postcards but the desolate scene is similarly breathtaking.
Lost in my thoughts I forget our purpose as the memories of that trip are so vivid in my mind.  Suddenly the wall breaks away from me and I vaguely make out the shout from behind, the fear in his voice echoing mine as the rocks are rushing toward me, heightening my senses.  My eyes close as I fall, the sensation replaced with a strange calm, I suppose one could say the acceptance of death.
Al’ice had stood beside Jol at the barrier, drinking in her sweet smell, how he longed for things to be different, he wanted Jol, needed her, but it had to be her choice, normally so confident and assured, the turmoil of his feelings were alien to him.  His hand rested gently on her waist, he wondered what she was thinking, he longed to turn her in his arms and kiss her with all the passion boiling in his heart.  How could he be so selfish? only thinking of himself when there was Dallon.  Lost in the own troubled waters of his mind, the unthinkable happened, Jol was slipping away from him, through the impenetrable barrier, falling to her death.
The anguished cry leapt from his mouth without warning but Jol slowed, her descent controlled as he watched in awe the bubble of light grow around her.  She hovered gently towards the bottom of the rocks and onwards to the softer ground, his Jol had performed enchai.  He stood in wonder as his throbbing heart calmed from the sudden turmoil, she would be safe, albeit in the realm of the Celts.  At the last moment the bubble burst and she landed in a heap amongst the mud and gorse.
Holding his hand to the barrier, Al’ice muttered the words to allow his access through and started to climb down across the rocks, his movements a blur so as not to be detected by the others below him.
He could not tell if she was hurt but to the right of his vision a man droving cattle was heading in her direction, he had to be quick, one move from his angel and she would be detected.
The calm dissipated, washing away from my body as I found myself lying down, I thought my eyes would open onto the realms of heaven but instead I slowly found my senses, both my mind and eyes struggling to focus on what had happened, it was much the same feeling as after my apparent fit.
My nostrils try to close on themselves as the rancid smell meets them, this is no heaven I realise as my fingers grope at the sloppy mess beneath me, from the smell it had to be a mixture of mud and cow dung and my stomach flips in disgust.
I struggle for resistance against my soggy bed and freeze at the sound of a hollered grave voice in the distance, as the bushes beside me move.  There is a shuffling noise, then snuffles at the gorse bush, the voice hollers again and the beast moves on.  Fear keeps me still, lying in my stinking pit, what the hell happened? I cannot remember.  The soft ground cushions my body but the smell, shit! It’s unbearable, I have to move.
I dig in my elbows and start to raise my head when Al’ice appears at my side, holding his finger to his lips to silence me as he looks down my body, feeling gently with his other hand for any breakages, whilst keeping down out of sight as the drover passes by.
When the coast is clear he whispers softly.
“Are you hurt?”
“I, I don’t think so.”
He places his arm behind my shoulders and helps to push me on my feet with his other hand behind my elbow.
“Ow!”
“What is it?” he asks with genuine concern.
I look down at the mess I’m in, soaked from my cess pit bath.
“It’s my ankle, I think I’ve sprained it or something.”
He sits me down on the drier land and runs his hand down the back of my calf, his fingers gently caressing my skin through the sludge, until he reaches my ankle.
“OW!”
“I am sorry Jol, I do not think it is broken.”  His gaze wanders upward across the steep mountainside, “I can carry you but this way is not good, it is quite steep and we may be detected if we are too slow, there must be an easier way.”
At last I begin to focus on my surroundings, the stinking cess pit behind me and the gorse and rocks above, glancing at the mountain top it’s easy to see why the Celts never investigate, the incline is swathed in a body of thick cloud growing darker as it rises, who in their right mind would venture that far into the cold, the cold and desolation.  I look down at my ankle and spy my mud sodden feet.
“Where are my shoes?”
Al’ice ignores my question and slips his arm through mine and around my back, the other hoisted under my knees and before I can protest, he skulks off to the left keeping his body low as he carries me.
“You stink” he says wrinkling his nose as we round the corner out of sight from the valley, setting me down on a rock whilst straightening his back, kneeding the muscles with his fists.
“Thanks!” I reply, “I know!”
My hair is matted with the foul mixture, I feel my cheeks burn as I add, “I need a bath.”
“I am sorry Jol, I do not know how you fell through the barrier, this has never happened before.”
“Take all your girlfriends there do you!”
I realise what I have blurted out in a moment of insane jealousy, I swear my face looks like a tomato now, thankfully he might not tell through the mud.
Al’ice smiles back at my predicament, his eyes sparkling for just a moment.
“You should have fallen to your death, what did you do?”
“I don’t know, I don’t remember.”
“SSSHHH! There is someone coming, we cannot be detected.”
He holds his body tight against the huge rock face and sneaks a look.
“It is one of those stupid beasts, the Celt will come searching, we best be off.”
He lifts me in his arms again with little effort thankfully, I love being so close to him but my odour is distracting from the moment.
“I can hobble you know, I must weigh a ton, perhaps I can heal myself, I could try?”
He gives me the smile again.
“Not a good idea, I think you have done enough for one day, we better move fast as you are in definite need of that bath!”

Back at the cottage Jez heard Al’ice’s strangled cry, something was wrong, he looked to the curtain obscuring the old man and then back to the mountain ahead.
“Jol, is everything alright?”
He waited for an answer, she did not reply.
Jez bit his lip, desperate to investigate, he moved towards the curtain, he would tell Eldeen and Ow! as he stepped his ankle sent pain shooting up his leg, he sat down and undid the lacing on his boot, the skin did not hurt when he touched it, maybe he had trapped a nerve, he went to stand again, again the pain.  Behind him the curtain pulled back and Eldeen stood glancing out the door towards the mountain.
“You heard it?” asked Jez.
For a moment Eldeen stood staring as if in a trance, then he looked down towards Jez.
“You have hurt your ankle?”
“It feels fine but I can’t walk on it.”
Eldeen had briefly communicated with Al’ice and knew of their plight, what concerned him now was the connection between Jez and Jol, it was clear Jez could feel her pain as he had once felt the pain of his beloved Venur.  He knelt before his nephew and touched his ankle, if he could heal Jez then Jol may be fine, if it worked.
“Please allow me to remove your boot Jez.”
He watched as the old man gently removed his boot and sock then holding his ankle he muttered under his breath, Jez felt his skin burning hot like a thousand hot needles dancing across his ankle.  Eldeen lifted his hand and fell back against the earthen floor.
“Are you ok?” asked Jez.
Eldeen managed to speak in barely a whisper.
“I need my medicine Jez.”
Jez jumped up without thinking and poured some tea, adding a drop of the liquid Cooper had given him, he helped Eldeen to take the drink, then realised his ankle no longer hurt.
“You fixed my ankle?” he asked as he helped the old man on to a seat, “I should go and see what is wrong, will you be ok?”
Eldeen took a few deep breaths then placed his hand on Jez’s arm.
“No need, I have spoken to Al’ice, all is well.”
Jez eyed him suspiciously as the colour came back into his cheeks.
“Why do you do magic when it makes you sick?”
“Ah! Jez, it is what we call enchai but this was merely an experiment, I shall explain later if it worked but tell me, how long have you been able to communicate with young Jol?”

At last Al’ice and I re-emerge into the sunlight back on the safe side of our mountain, not far from the clearing and the timeline, the darkened cloud hangs unseen behind the barrier we have just passed through.
“Put me down Al’ice, I think my ankle is better.”
He obeys my command as I gingerly place the weight back on my bad ankle.
“That’s weird it no longer hurts.”
“Perhaps it has healed itself.”
“Maybe” I say, wiping at the mud on my face which has already began to harden and crack against the sun’s rays, “I need to get to the river before I bake in this stuff.”
Al’ice stands tall, watching silently as I stride forward, the mood was all wrong but he had not yet told me the purpose of our little excursion into the unknown and I had forgotten all about it in my distress.  He grabs the back of my elbow, spinning me round to face him.
“I have something to ask of you” he finally blurts out.
“Yes”
“What?”
“My answer is yes”
Al’ice seems clearly puzzled.
“You know not yet what my question is.”
I step back aware of how foul I smell, but take his hand in mine, I’m surprised when I realise he is shaking.
“Al’ice? It’s ok, Cooper explained, I will tell Tadge to give Dallon his life, I do not want to be saved.”
“Oh! Yes that question.”
“That’s why you’re so worried isn’t it?”
He grabs me in a huge bear hug, rocking me from side to side, ignoring the stench, he speaks softly into my ear.
“You do not want to be saved? I want you to be safe, this is so difficult for me to ask this of you.”
I can feel his tense muscles in our embrace.
“Al’ice I would do anything for you, you must know that.”
He pulls away quickly and holds me at arm’s length with his hands, those gorgeous green eyes begin to sparkle once more, melting my heart.  Al’ice stands silently staring into my soul, there is something else troubling him.
“Al’ice, I will help Dallon, I promise you, but there’s something else isn’t there?”
He parts his lips a fraction as if to speak, his eyes glow even brighter if that is at all possible, I am dazzled by his presence.
“I, I want, …………….no, it must wait, this is not the right time.”
He pulls me closer, his hand moving slowly down across the mud caked skin until he is holding me by my fingertips, his touch sends shockwaves through me.
Looking down at my dirty hands he adds, “Come we must return, the river awaits you!”
He starts back, holding his hand out to steady me, I am routed to the spot, just for a second or two before I regain my composure, my racing heart steadies as I feel there is a moment lost and my face slowly returns to its pale shade.

In his dreams, Jez saw a girl engulfed in the flames from the beasts mouth, screaming echoing through the night, he tried to run forward to free her from the savage beast but he was unable to move and powerless to save her.  He was repulsed by the sight before him, how could this be?  What kind of evil was this?
A cool cloth swept across his troubled brow soaking up the beads of sweat.  Was this his angel come back to watch over him?
“Jerimiah are you all right?”
Opening his eyes he found Cooper knelt beside him, “I believe you had a bad dream”
“NO, It was a bloody nightmare!!” he replied. “How did you find me here?”
“I told you Jerimiah you were brought in following an accident.”
Jez blinked his eyes and saw the old nurse, his angel beside him, he had sworn it had been Cooper, he remembered her vividly and remembered her name but from where?



Chapter 22

Kroil watched from the shadow of the great oaks, the mothers and children who rushed passed him ignorant of his presence as they retreated to the paths, doomed to wander for eternity, the park the only sanctuary from their painful existence, reliving the lost memories of life before death.
He watched the two figures in the distance, the stone in his pocket pulsing with great vigour now, the sweet smell it radiated would have made him sick if he were not dead, it was unfortunate she had a companion, an added inconvenience to his plans but a mere trifle to be dealt with.  Concentrating on the cloud above the pond he had projected his presence causing the disturbance within them.  Dallon stepped forward towards the pond, watching the ducks hiding for cover amongst the reeds, the demons approach did not seem real, he wondered if the coming storm could mark the arrival of Tadge.
Kate stood at the band stand waiting for his command when a hand grabbed at her waist whilst another clamped down hard against her mouth, before she could warn him, the mist engulfed her, the man’s thick presence cast a shadow on her soul.  The mist stung at her eyes, her lids closing against the pain.  This is not real, this is not real, she kept thinking as she felt her body spinning down and away from the park, she hoped the man was the Tadge person, she may have a chance to plead for her life.  Plummeting faster now, she thought she would die but how could that be possible she was halfway there already.  The dull buzzing that filled her ears ebbed away as they came to a stop, the man’s grip had gone and she tried to turn to face him.  She opened her pleading eyes and found herself sat on a soft downy white cushion, all around her the dense cloud was white, so bright it hurt her to see, looking down, the floor was cloudy white too.
A bodiless voice spoke to her from behind.
“Do not try to move, I will not harm you if you do as I say.”
Ignoring his warning she raised her hand, instantly a lightning bolt shot from the cloud into her palm, for someone half dead, the pain was excruciating.
“If you want the chance to live then do as I command, do not move.”
Kate was scared, the searing pain had shot through her arm and still vibrated, refusing to leave her in peace.
“Who are you?” she asked, her voice pitifully faint.
“SILENCE” came her answer.
Dallon watched the storm clouds, confusion washed over him, he sensed the demon up ahead, something was wrong, he turned just in time to see Kate disappear in a whirlwind of mist.  He ran to the bandstand but she had already gone, he had been tricked by the demon, he had failed Kate, he had failed Al’ice.
He slumped on the steps and watched as the sky brightened once more and slowly the park regained its inhabitants, what would his mother think of him now?
The small black dot up ahead grew larger as it struggled to keep balance and landed with a splat beside him.
Tui fluffed his battered old wings and snorted at Dallon, “Follow me.”
He stepped backward stretching his wings ready for the draft of wind to collect him, then up, up he went flapping awkwardly.  Dallon rose to his feet, keeping the bird in his sights, he followed him, through the great oaks, through a moving cloud and along a path devoid of wandering spirits.  He wondered how the bird managed to stay in flight with his haphazard way but hoped he would take him back to Moana, she would know what could be done now.
He walked quickly, his head raised, watching for any deviance from the path when a shadow clouded his vision, looking ahead a figure was approaching him fast.  The man almost glowed as he approached, floating quickly towards him, he wore black slacks and a tight fitting white jumper, his feet were bare as they hovered above the cloud.  His regal yet kind face masked by a head of brownish grey hair flying about his head wildly as if illuminated, he slowed to a stop just short of Dallon, his long hair falling about his shoulders.
“You have a message for me?” he asked, his soft voice belying the look of anguish on his face.
At first Dallon could not speak, his head filled with the sweet scent of lavender, the heady smell blocking his thoughts, yes he had a message, what was it again?
“I have a message for Tadge.”
“I am he, what is it?”
Dallon could not remember, his mind blank as the lavender swirled through his half dead brain, cupping both hands together he held them out to the celestial being.
Tadge eyed the boy warily but there was something familiar about the way he dressed, between his hands a tangled mass began to emerge, he took the ball from the boy and read the message.
Dallon stood before him in a trance like state while Tadge read Tilly’s message, it could only have something to do with the activation of the pulse, as Tilly would never contact him unless it were an emergency.  Taking in her version of events, he looked back at the boy, yes it was a shame he had been taken but he would never use his power on anyone other than his Julianne.  Tilly had only mentioned the pulse had been activated by mistake, as much as he loved her, he did not believe this to be true and what troubled him most was the message Julianne was safe, if that were indeed correct then why did he sense the pulse stronger now, far away from her apparent safety.
“Dallon, what do you know of the pulse?”
Dallon stood and began speaking in a monotone voice like a commanded puppet.
“It is with Kate.”
Tadge forgot sometimes that his scent engulfed those around him, rendering them useless and sacrificing their will, it was not unlike the same power possessed by demons to succumb their victims.  He concentrated on withdrawing his scent in the hope of returning the boy to normal.
Dallon wrinkled his nose as the cool heavenly air mixed with, then dispersed the lavender that had paralysed him, he looked at the man before him.
“You are Tadge?” he questioned.
“Yes, now you were saying, Kate has the stone, who is this Kate?”

The gentle currents tickle like air bubbles against my skin and despite the state I am in, I feel luxurious as I bathe.  The others are out of sight after I ordered them to leave me, save my embarrassment as I had lowered myself into the cold water, selecting the still pool off to the side.  I am swimming naked, the desire to bathe properly outweighing my fear of the fish.  The smell seems to have penetrated my skin and I wonder just how long it will take to rid me of it.  I had removed my clothes only once I submerged and placed them on the river bank to be washed later.  The cold shocked me at first but I found concentrating on an image of a sauna, kept the cold at bay.  Ducking under, I draw my nails through my hair releasing it from the muck, the water around becomes a dirty brown as I cleanse my body.
The swimming helps to keep me warm but my puckered skin indicates it’s time to leave and I haven’t even tackled the clothes yet!
To my relief Cooper arrives.
“Come out before you freeze” she calls, holding open a blanket for me to step into.
She is thrashing my clothes in and out of the water as I stand there drying myself discreetly beneath the thick warm wool.
“Can I not leave you without getting yourself into strife, look at the state of your hair!”
She thrusts her hand at my head, poking at the matted mess with her fingers that was once my hair.
“Did I not get it all out?”
“The muck is out but your hair is full of tangles, we may have to cut it, come, let us get back inside to the warmth of the fire.”
My bath was good, I do feel refreshed after days of not washing properly but I have to admit it is cold out here as the thought of the warm fire beckons.
As we walk back to the cottage and reality, I remember where Cooper had been.
“What has happened to dad?”
“His body has been moved to the morgue in the city, official verdict ‘Heart Attack’ it would have been quick and painless.  The authorities are trying to track you and your grandmother down, he will stay there until you are found.  The authorities have also located his private papers and contacted his lawyer who is flying in from England, arriving on Saturday, it is Monday morning just now, so we have plenty of time.”
The truth of dads death stings and I manage to force back the tears and ask, “Plenty of time for what?”
“The gathering, we have yet to formally present you to our people and Jez of course, although he is an unexpected attraction.”
“When is the gathering?”
“Tomorrow and we want you looking your best, pity about the hair, it will not have time to grow back.”

Pete had watched the young woman swimming in the river, her nakedness aroused feelings he never knew existed, he understood the attraction now that she commanded from the other males.  He wondered what the gathering would mean and if Clarintor would be interested but if he told her she would probe his mind for his visions and the one he had just witnessed he wanted for himself.

Dallon’s news had angered Tadge, Tilly had promised to watch over Julianne whilst he took care of her dying sisters needs.  Jesveril had the curse and it pained him that he could not help her to survive another year, when his granddaughter would be ready.  He had left Jesveril’s body in the hands of the healer in Peru, the remedy too late for her now.  The hope was that one of the ancient Peruvian remedies could prolong her life, this hope long diminished, his anger tormented him from the knowledge that Julianne had been forced too soon but earlier than expected, she was ready, it was hard to believe.  Jesveril's death and her birth as a healer had passed like ships in the night.
His haste to leave once the signal had been activated meant he would miss the passing ceremony, this saddened his heart.  Time did not allow him to dwell on his loss, Julianne needed him now, dark forces were at work and if he were not careful he would be captured too.
“Dallon the pulse has descended, you may return to the others, I will locate this Kate for you.”
“No sir, I cannot leave her and I promised Al’ice I would bring you with me.”
“A lot to expect of one so young.  Al’ice should know better than to allow his own feelings to cloud his judgement!”
“It was Coopers suggestion, she insisted Eldeen perform gendaris, I am glad she did, for I would have not have met Kate.”
“And Julianne, I mean Jol thinks she is alive you say?”
“Yes sir.”
“Interesting…………………..come then my young friend, I will allow you to accompany me but be alert at all times or the three of us may well end up following this path for eternity.”
“Not you oh great Tadge, your god will not let you perish until the passing of two ages and the day of reckoning.”
“You listen to the stories well my young friend but alas not all you hear is true, the time is nigh, he may yet condemn me for what I am about to do.”
Kroil sat and waited, it would not take Tadge long to locate the pulse now that the two halves were re-united, Ah! he comes.
The cloud shrouding Kate’s internment shuddered rousing her from her despair, her gloom lifting as a man breached the blanket of cloud closely followed by Dallon who briefly smiled at her, keeping a tight stance behind the man.
“It is about time, what kept you great Tadge?”
Kate could not see what was happening as they passed her, she listened but could not hear for a strange buzzing in her head, she did not dare to move.
Kroil rose to greet his guest but did not offer his hand.
“Kroil? I did not expect to meet you again, it has been a long time, your servitude to Magore has kept you well?”
“So you are the one? I expected as much, I no longer serve Magore.”
“Interesting…………. how did you break your inviolable bond?”
Dallon stood behind Tadge’s body, where he had commanded him to stay, Kate shifted carefully and eyed him warily as he made a gesture, shrugging his shoulders to let her know that he did not know what was going to happen.  She wanted to ask him who he was with but was too scared to speak in front of the one who had captured her, he had not allowed her to look at him and she wondered who he was, was it the demon or Tadge?  Whichever one he was, it meant that Dallon must be with the other one, she reached out with her mind to ask him when the lightning bolt struck her forehead and held her thoughts there, hovering at the tip of her skull, there was no pain this time but her mind dulled as she slipped into unconsciousness.
Tadge witnessed her suffering and turned to Kroil.
“So you have become the malevolent scourge you once despised, there was a time when redemption could have been an option.”
“Ah the promise to save my soul but you never returned after your failed attempt on Magore, I waited.”
“The past should not be raked over, what’s done is done, there was a reason I did not return, you did not need me to save your soul, you could have done that for yourself, we are wasting time, you know I am here for the girl.”
“I will not allow you to take her, unless you give me something in return.”
“I do not deal with demons.”
“Come now Tadge, do not be so hasty in your decision, you no longer possess the power to release her, you misjudge me, I am not as evil as you think, I am protecting her from a far worse fate.”
“So there is hope for you yet, who is the demon you now serve?”
Anger welled inside of Kroil, Clarintor had taken possession of his inviolable bonds following her destruction of Magore, she had been victorious where Tadge had failed.  Kroil longed to break the bonds forever and free himself and Pete, he had no idea if Pete were alive now or how much under her spell he had become embroiled. He looked at the expectant face of the once great Tadge before him and spat out her name.
“Clarintor.”
Tadge recoiled slightly at the name, the one demon he wished he still possessed the powers to destroy, another of his failures.
“What is your plan Kroil?”
“You know of the Khlandra plant and its poisonous effect on demons?”
“Yes, the plant is extinct, destroyed by the very demons it was supposed to attack.”
“There are none in existence, not even in the past?” Kroil was surprised.
“No”
“I do not believe you, I will not release the girl until I have the bulb of such a plant.”
“Then we are at an impasse, a fait accompli.”
Dallon had been listening to every word and now much to his annoyance he was poking Tadge in the back with his finger.
Tadge entered his mind, “What is it? curtail your urgency my young friend you have bony fingers!”
Dallon spoke in his head and hoped that Tadge could hear him, “the Khlandra plant exists, Oh great Tadge, I have heard the great Eldeen talk of its powers and how it will be used under attack, I know where to find it.”
“Are you sure?” he asked, as Kroil eyed him suspiciously.
Tadge considered the boys revelation, he had a talent for listening in on stories, this was not a story though, Eldeen would not lie about such a thing.
Dallon stepped out from behind his back, a new confidence rising within him, he nodded in agreement to Tadge.
“What is this? brought the girls friend with you, I fail to see your purpose?”
“It appears Kroil, I am wrong, my young friend here knows of this plant and where to find it.”
“Not the first time you have been wrong! No wonder you have fallen from grace.”
Tadge retained his gracious composure, “I will send my young friend here to fetch the plant and in return you agree to release the girl?”
“Once I have your word it is indeed the Khlandra plant, you will not trick me Tadge.”
Tadge turned to Dallon.
“You must go and fetch the plant, the whole plant, for it is the bulbous root we require, I will stay and watch over the girl for you.  Tell no-one except Tilly of my plans but you must hurry, the girl is close to eternal sleep.”
Dallon smiled and left quickly glancing at Kate’s slumped body as he went, the great Tadge was willing to help him and that thought gladdened his heart.
Tadge watched the young boy leave, annoyed with himself at his deception, it was not of his nature to be so but this situation had become far more complicated than he first imagined when the pulse had first reached him.  He thought of Jesveril and how her desperate spirit now soared in the heavens awaiting him to return her ashes to Kamerrean and infinite peace, the news although not unexpected would still tear at Tilly‘s heart.
He looked at the girl and sensed the life slipping away from her.
“Where is the girl’s body Kroil, you know I cannot save her without it.”
“So she is of your blood, I thought she was only the messenger.”
“She is.”
“I think we need to catch up, I do not understand?”
“If you would be so gracious as to explain your plans to me of how you intend to destroy Clarintor, I may have a few pointers that will aid you.”
Through the clouded cell they occupied, a table rose between them, “I hope your young friend does not take too long, sit and we shall play some chess while we talk, I hope you have not become rusty in your exile.”

Jez lay in the dark as his awareness found his thoughts.  The pain so intense took over his whole body.  An image stuck to his forehead like an old faded postcard of the girl he had tried to avoid as the bike crashed.  She was the reason he was in so much pain, he vaguely remembered her voice, it sounded strange.  How could someone so innocent cause him so much pain?  He stared at the image as it faded a little more, he didn’t want to lose that face, young yet beautiful.  Don’t leave me he thought, she turned her head upwards and the wind caught her hair, taking it off her face, she smiled and Jez felt pain stab at his heart and shoot down his left arm.
Jez opened his one good eye and saw the male nurse injecting his arm, the needle had stabbed but whatever was in the injection sent pain coursing through his veins.
He tried to reach across to stop him but his body was numb, he was slipping away back into the dark into nothingness, what is happening, where is my angel?
His thoughts turned to nothingness, Jez lay still, waiting for the darkness to take over, was this the end of his nightmare at last?



Chapter 23

After braving the smart comments from Jez about my hair and the look of concern from Al’ice as Cooper set about hacking away at the tangles with a knife, I had sat in stunned silence at the results, I worried the new look would repel Al’ice but in the end Cooper had done a good job.  Once assured there was no meat in the hearty broth I managed two bowlfuls, it had been a long day with little nourishment and the powers manifesting themselves within made me incredibly hungry.
I tried to concentrate on anything but thoughts of dad, I’m not heartless but lying around grieving for days was not an option right now, the numbness of last year was still raw deep inside.  Besides I really don’t think I can cope with the reality, there would be time for grief later on my return home, the longer I could prolong the better.
I check my reflection in my compact mirror, my hair is now quite short, the layers neatly framing my face, it is a similar style to what mum had, I look even more like her now, I’m not happy about that!  I lie back on the bed and mull over the dilemma of my hair, tomorrow I will find something to gel it with, anything to give it a more modern twist.
We have all retired for the evening and closing my eyes I let the night take me to my dreams once again, hoping Al’ice will be in them.
Cooper sat beside the river, the stars reflection danced across the rippled surface as she thought about the lies she told earlier and how they would come back to haunt her from Jol’s torment.  She looked up and across the water, sensing she was being watched, she closed her eyes and scanned the area with her sensory vision, just creatures no invaders to their land, then why did she sense danger?  To her left the ghostly footsteps came closer, it was only Dallon but he was alone, this was not good.
“Cooper I have a message only for Tilly, are you alone?”
“Yes, I am. The others have retired for the night, tell me Dallon, how is Tadge?”
“I found him well but there is a complication.”
“He did not harm Jol’s friend, Kate?”
“No, she is not well, she travels the same path as I, I have asked Tadge to save her instead of me.”
“Dallon, you cannot do this, what of Al’ice’s feelings?”
“She is close to Jol, it is only right she is given the gift of life, Al’ice will understand, Jol will want this.”
“She has already promised Al’ice, she will not go back on her word, unless you insist, but your mother, why would you ask such a thing?”
Dallon felt a little daunted talking to his guardians cousin this way but he had to explain.
“I feel it is the right thing to do, her life is more precious than mine, she has much more to lose……………..she is very pretty.”
Cooper eyed the young boy closely, love could be such a torturous affliction even within a wandering soul such as his.  So this was the complication but where was Tadge? 
“The message Dallon, what is it?”

‘Bishop to your castle, check.’
‘Wise choice, you have not lost your talent for the game.’
I can see a chess board in front of me but the voices are alien, the bodies just shadows beside the game.  The one who has just moved has indeed made a good choice.  I think I know what the plan is and if it works?  Two more moves and it will all be over.  I have not played chess in such a long time, I wonder why I should dream of it now?
The image fades and appears again as if rewound, I can see one of the players, it is Jez and his opponent is me.
He is the one playing the master stroke and he has that annoying smirk on his face.
“I didn’t know you could play?”  I hear my voice asking him.
“I am full of surprises” he replies and rises across the table, taking my face in his hands, he begins to kiss me.
I start to reciprocate when the shock freezes me in time before I recoil from the image, it is all wrong, it should be Al’ice I am kissing.  I wake in a hot sweat trying desperately to shake the image from my mind.  I probe the darkness for Jez, how dare he! Has he planted the image, why would he do that?  I cannot find his mind lingering in the shadows and realise it must have been all my own making but it just doesn’t make any sense.
Lying on the bed, frightened of sleep and listening to the silence of the night, I feel more awake than ever and begin to worry about the gathering, I hate attention and the thought of being at the centre of it rattles my nerves.  I must not dwell on it and try to distract myself swinging my legs off the bed.  I’m pacing now, doing sums in my head, I reckon thinking of the mundane and boring could work but it doesn’t.
The outside wall shimmers against the glow of the candle and catches my attention, it has done this before in my dreams.  I retrace that dream and walk  forward touching the wall, I’m not surprised as my hand moves through the liquid illusion.
Outside I can see the image of Eldeen stood over by the still pool at the edge of the river, right by where I had bathed earlier, he was talking to someone but who?  Curiosity takes over and I push the rest of my body effortlessly through the wall, quietly edging closer to see what is happening, my eyes are drawn to a face below the water.
The face in the water has a dusky complexion with wide eyes and flowing silky black hair that swims gently about her angular face, she is beautiful.  Eldeen and the woman are deep in conversation, his appearance has changed, he is young and a very handsome young man at that! It is clear they are totally wrapped up in one another.
“I have failed my love, only one I could save, I have placed him from harm’s way, the cave will be his sanctuary for now while he recovers.  I need to alert others to his whereabouts as I can do no more.”
“Do not trouble so, Venur my love you have done more than we hoped.”
“You can be sure Jannes Ore Luisenn is ready?”
“She must be, for time is running out, the deadline with the Ferimiah approaches.”
The calming yet almost echoey voice replies, “and so does she, remember the amulet, it is time.”
The face smiles, as it fades among the ripples of the water and the old man Eldeen turns to greet the footsteps behind him.
There is a glint in his eye as he steps forward to greet me.
“You cannot sleep child?”
I’m still in a sense of wonder at what I’ve witnessed and shake my head devoid of speech.
He beckons me closer, out of respect I bow my head and he places something over my neck.
“The triquetra gives powerful and spiritual protection to the wearer, every beginning comes from an end and every end is a new beginning, infinitely.  Wear it well Julianne.”
I look into his kind eyes, the first time he has addressed me as Julianne, I wonder at the significance of this as I look down at my neck.  He has given me a symbol suspended on a silver chain.  It is quite small and made up of three interlocking loops, beautiful in its simplicity, I recognise it as the trinity knot of celtic design, overwhelmed by his present I whisper thank you and kiss him on the cheek.
I believe he is embarrassed at my show of affection as he coughs nervously, gathering his great staff as he motions towards the cottage.
“Come along now, you must sleep.”
What the! What did she think she was doing?  Jez woke up, troubled by his dreams, he had reached out for Jol with his mind but she had erected those damn barriers again, he could not reach her.  He had never played chess, had no idea of the rules or even the names of the pieces, the dream had made no sense, yet his feelings for Jol had surprised him, the sensual kiss awakening a fire in his soul he did not know even existed until she pulled away, rejecting him as the image blurred.  He lay propped up on his elbow staring into the last remaining embers of the fire, confused by his feelings and now awake it all seemed so unreal.
The latch on the door moved and he lay back closing his eyes, he listened as Jol said goodnight and returned to her room, closing the door behind her, where had she been he wondered and with whom?
The answer came to him in an instant as the weary Eldeen sat down beside him.
“So young Jerimiah, you cannot sleep either?”
There was no point pretending, Jez opened his eyes, Eldeen looked very old tonight and just as troubled as he was.
“What’s on your mind?” Jez asked him.
“The gathering is an important day for us all Jerimiah, this time is much anticipated, many more of our people are sick and do not usually travel but Jannes Ore Luisenn is here and they will come.”
“I don’t think she’s ready, I mean you heard what happened after she healed my tattoo, you can’t expect her to heal all those people?”
“I echo your concerns, we must be gentle with Jol, she will know when she is ready, but our people wish to meet her, the expectation is high, they will be patient, they will still come.”
Eldeen rose to his feet and shuffled over to his curtain, he stopped and turned to Jez.
“The book Jerimiah, I will return it in the morning, you cannot begin to know how much it has been of a comfort to me but I sense, there is something else which troubles you?”
He did not want to harry the old man with his false emotions, Jez had to think quickly with his reply.
“Tell me, how did you know that Jol had twisted her ankle and that is why I could not stand?”
Eldeen nodded as he contemplated his answer, what he said now could change future events, whether for better or worse he did not know, he would need to be candid with the truth.
“Instinct Jerimiah, instinct.  At my age it lies deep, I have lived many years to perfect it, now you must sleep also, it will be a long day for you tomorrow.”
He pulled the curtain behind him as he retired, Jez wondered what he meant, every day had been long since he came here, how could tomorrow get any worse?
Eldeen could not sleep either, he sat on the edge of his bed and contemplated the day ahead, he should sleep as he needed all the energy he could muster for the coming events but he could not.  Worry racked his brain, worry for the future of his people, worry for Jol's future and who it would be that joined her, Al’ice?  He sensed their love was already deeper than any he had known, more so than his love for Venur? Was that possible? But Venur was his soul mate, their unique connection so great they were destined to be together forever through life and death.  Al’ice was not Jol’s soul mate, could their love overcome such adversity and stand the test of time he wondered.
Venur’s sweet voice interrupted his thoughts.
“Sleep my love, tomorrow is a big day for you, do not worry so for the young ones, they will find their true paths, sleep my love, sleep.”

In the village at the home of Aijin, Al’ice watched over young Dallon’s body, as soon as he had returned with Jol he visited his old friend’s wife.  She appeared gaunt and tired, the grief eating at her as he tried and failed to get her to take nourishment, she had been beautiful once, that beauty had slowly been taken with the death of her husband and now her son.  The hope was still there in her eyes a flicker glowing gently within, he only hoped Tadge would accommodate his request especially now he had Jol’s blessing.  Al’ice had promised to return and stay until morning, to watch over Dallon’s body whilst the woman finally succumbed to the much needed sleep, her dreams and her nightmares.
He longed to be with his angel but promised Eldeen, his duty outweighed his desires.  After tomorrow had passed it would either be time for much celebration or grief, the thought of losing Jol forever tore him apart, only Eldeen’s assurances kept his hope alive.  It was to be a long and sleepless night for Al’ice, tormented by his feelings and fears for the future.

Wow! A precious gift from the great Eldeen, I lie back on my bed and admire its simplicity in the gentle glow from the candle.  I love it and for some reason, I don’t know why but it’s perfect.
I began to appreciate celtic knot work design after finding an old book on the ancient art when I visited Scotland with Dad, it seems like such a long time ago now.  Losing myself in those intricate drawings helped to ease the tension of our trip as we both ignored the real reason we were travelling.  Dad would discuss the rare books he had found whilst asking if anything had caught my interest, I barely had time to explain before the whiskey became too much for him.  I would listen to his heavy snores in the armchair whilst practising the art of those intricate designs, the trinity knot had been my first successful attempt.  Looking back on those times I suppose we were both healing in our own way, Dad drowning his sorrows whilst I found a different focus.
Unlike the others, sleep does not take long to overwhelm me, lost once again in the black void as my body gains much needed rest.  If only I could stay here, lost in the darkness but it seems no matter how hard I try, the visions always find their way into my sanctuary.
The ghostly image of Dallon wanders across from the left of the void, bringing with him the colours of my next vision.  I watch as he wanders through the emerging trees, their canopy almost blocking the bright sunlight which filters through, dappling the forest floor.  He is in Kamerrean, I recognise the burgundy colouring of the bark as it shimmers against his ghostly image.  Where is he going? Perhaps Tadge is even closer than we thought, oh how I long to see him, the image of my grandfather, I have so many questions.
Dallon forges on until at last he enters a clearing through the trees, it looks as if something has tore a chunk from the forest and in its wake the floor is covered in liquid mercury, well that’s what it looks like!  He is kneeling now, at the edge and digging with his hands as the floor wobbles like a jelly as he tears at its edge and lifts a strange plant in his hands.  I realise it’s a flower of some kind with a flat silver head, like a piece of silver foil has been impaled on its stem.  As he lifts the plant the head shrivelles to a crumbling mess, falling to the ground as delicate ash but Dallon looks  pleased, smiling as he turns to face someone watching from the trees, I follow his gaze and there under the canopy is Cooper.
“What are they doing?” asks Jez as he enters my mind.
“It’s just a dream” I reply without thinking.
“I don’t think it is” he answers.
“Jez, how long have you been there?” I have come to my senses, determined to demand an explanation over the chess game, but he has already left, lost from my mind once again.

The angel had finished her shift and as she had done each night so far and she now sat beside the bed.
Reaching behind his head to check the lump, as she had suspected it had now gone, she spoke softly,
“Oh Jerimiah, I see now what is happening, you are reliving the past to bring you back to the present.  There is much to see yet son, we shall be here for awhile, I have convinced the doctors that you are worth it as your young friend opposite receives the same treatment I must be sure that he does not awaken and gain strength before you, just remember not to reveal the truth yet son, you are not ready."
Jez knew that his angel of the night wanted to protect him, but from what?  He had found it difficult earlier when the male nurse or was it a Doctor, had come to check him over, trying not to respond when he had stuck the needle in him.



Chapter 24

Dallon returned to the clouded cell with his precious cargo held fast between the palms of his hand, Cooper had warned him the plant would die once detached from the earth unless the air was allowed to circulate the bulbous root.
Kroil looked up as he entered but Tadge raised his hand to stop the boy from approaching any closer.
Kroil looked from the boy to the board between them as Tadge made his final move.
“Check Mate.”
Dallon was distracted by the state of Kate, she was still slumped in the same position as when he left, her skin paling to grey, he could not believe Tadge would leave her like that whilst playing a silly game with the demon.
Kroil lifted his hand under the board and tossed it away in frustration, the pieces falling away through the fluffy wall of cloud.
“Still a sore loser I see.”
“You have been practising! Besides we have pressing things to attend to”, Kroil retorted.
Dallon danced behind them shifting his weight from each foot, desperate to rid himself of the horrid stench which the plant emitted.
“First you release the girl”, commanded Tadge.
Kroil eyed him warily, “and what is to stop you taking her and the Khlandra plant?”
Tadge looked weary from the games.
“I thought we had come to an understanding, you have told me where to find the girl’s body and I have told you the best plan of attack against Clarintor, the time for games has passed, as much as it pains me to deal with a demon, it is time we trusted each other, do you not you think?”
Kroil merely clicked his fingers and the clouded cell fell away from them, releasing Kate from her invisible shackles, they stood in a dank dark room of rock, the wet walls glistening from the gentle glow of Tadge's body, the last trace of the heavenly being he once was.  With his left arm he scooped up Kate's body in one swift effortless movement as he commanded Dallon to place the Khlandra plant on the rock which had served as their games table.  The two great men eyed each other with a long look of gratitude, both fallen from grace in their own unique way, before Tadge bade Dallon to leave.
Outside the cave the air filled once again with the cloud of the heavens and they quickly made their way across the passages on the shortest route following Kroils co-ordinates.
“Where are we going?” asked Dallon.
“If I am to save this Kate of yours, we must first locate her body.”
Kroil was not a fool and despite their past he had listened to the fallen angels advice, he no longer had Pete as an ally, ready to subdue her with his poisonous venom, perhaps the plan he had discussed with Tadge could actually work.
Tadge and the ghostly image of Dallon, stepped from the cloud onto the lonely hillside, dawn was breaking and cast brilliant orange fingers through the pale blue sky as the sun rose to welcome them.  Luckily Kroil had chosen a desolate spot save a few scattered sheep busying themselves with their breakfast of dewy grass.
He held the fragile frame of the young girl in his arms aware of her deteriorating state, she had less than the day before them to be saved and he knew he would not be the one to save her or Dallon for that matter.  He could not bring himself to tell the boy their true fate but to allow her to rest in peace he would need the body, this he could do for her.
Dallon looked around them frantically, searching for her body.
“The demon has tricked us!” he cried.
Tadge stood still and breathed in the fresh morning air unperturbed by his young friend’s desperate state.  Walking to the edge of the hill, Kate's ghostly body shuddered in his arms, at his feet he could detect the trace of rubber from the car tyres as it was cast over the side, he peered into the trees below, the carnage that awaited them would not be pretty.
“Dallon, come here my young friend, we must descend into the trees, her body lies hidden in the darkened canopy below.”

Clarintor’s heels clicked across the stone floor as she approached the huge oak doors, so tall she could not detect their height and flanked by two demons she had yet to make acquaintance with.  She stood proud in her best satin aqua blue dress and high black leather boots only purchased the day before, holding her head high, with her red tresses bouncing behind her, she announced herself to the two omnipresent looking guards, they did not move or acknowledge her and she wondered how easy they would be to take down.
Behind the motionless guards, the great doors began to open in on themselves, they did not creak or groan with the effort, no sound at all, just darkness beyond.  From the darkness an image evolved, the cloaked figure approached, his evil shroud reaching her before he did, a sense of foreboding overwhelmed her, breaking her resolve.  With a sneer the demon looked down his nose as he circled her body closely, detecting any sign of weakness.  The tall demon wore a grey silk suit of the finest cloth under his cloak, he was immaculately dressed almost like Kroil she thought.  He glided around her, his strong smell permeating her brain, the stench of burnt chocolate.
He stopped and brought her hand to his lips, kissing the back of it, his brief touch unusually burned across her skin.
“Clarintor, you are on time, please accompany me to my chamber.”
Unable to see him clearly except for those burning eyes she smiled at him sweetly knowing all too well this was not a request but an order.  She followed him along the darkened corridor not realising the doors behind were closing until the boom echoed through the cavernous walls, sending a shudder down her spine.  The skin on the back of her hand began to pucker and blister from the touch of his lips, a precursor of what was to come.
As the sound passed through and beyond them, the room they entered lit up, a great chandelier hovered over the grand regency style table.  The furnishings she could detect were opulently dressed with a rich heavy fabric of red, gold and orange, the drapes pulled together where windows should have been, the walls she could see were panelled in rich mahogany.
The demon stood on the other side of the table and gestured to the seat which pulled out from under the table, inviting her to sit.  Clarintor preferred to stand where the full effect of her presence was at its best, she stood firm.
“SIT” he commanded as he turned his back on her.
His gloved hands removed his cloak which he draped over the back of the chaise longue.
She sat perched on the edge of the chair and watched as he collected a silver tray containing a crystal decanter and two matching glasses, placing it on the table between them.  She could see his features clearly now, long silvery black hair tied back from his pointed face, a large scar ran down the left of his face, from his forehead to the corner of his lips, he did not sit as he glanced over her body.  She uncharacteristically felt nervous, the waft of cherry deepened as she shifted her position, it would have no effect on the demon but so much was her fear she was unable to control her scent.
“You know who I am?” he demanded.
Keeping her voice calm, “You are the master” she replied.
He slammed his fist on the table, the delicate glass tinkling under the pressure.
“NO!  I am the Grand Master.”
She could not hide the surprise on her face as he continued.
“It is the duty of the Master to reign in the unruly among us, I have the unfortunate pleasure of dealing with you myself.”
Clarintor considered his words carefully, aware that her very existence now hung in the balance, “I do not understand” she replied.
His eyed burned as he glowered at her, he un-stoppered the decanter and began to pour one large measure of the orange whiskey, the smoky smell strong against her nostrils, sickening to the stomach, mixed with his own aroma of burnt chocolate.  He savoured the taste, dragging out the silent pause between them until at last he replied.
“Your actions have not gone un-noticed, if you wish to survive this meeting then you will agree to my terms.”
So there was a glimmer of hope, he was offering a deal, a one sided deal - that or eternal death, she shuddered at that thought, she had become accustomed to her demonic life, she spoke softly yet determined.
“Your command is my wish.”
“You will not harm the one who has fallen from grace.”
“But...”
“I COMMAND IT!”
“Yes, Grand Master.”
“The High Lord is not impressed with your actions, for years we have tolerated your existence among us, until now.”
His words did not bode well, her desires were crumbling around her and there was nothing she could do, her fighting spirit pushed her from complete submission as she dared to question him.
“Why have I angered him so?”
“Bold words from the condemned, I shall indulge you for my own amusement.” 
He did not move from his position, still standing like a statue he continued.
“You are not one of us even though you pretend to be, I know what you are and you will never enter the inner sanctum, a witch who merely rose from the ashes of the angel’s wrath! What a pity he did not complete the task.  Witches are rarely tolerated, you are no demoness Clarintor, you are not worthy of such a title.”
His words cut through her vanity and anger forced her reply.
“Why not kill me then all those years ago, why have you tolerated my existence and even allowed me to kill your own?”
“You have served your purpose well, a harpy raised from the ashes eager to belong, who do think fuelled your ambitions?  What better way to dispose of the unruly than to have them dispatched by you, yes I see from your expression this surprises you? I have to admit you have been a valuable servant.”
Clarintor was momentarily lost for words, her mouth opened and then closed, she had been foolish to believe in her powers, Magore had warned her she would never belong, just before she had cut off his head.
“You have lasted longer than expected, why did it take you so long to re-awaken the All Seeing Eye?”
She processed his words, if that was what he had been waiting for then perhaps he would need her to command it, this could be the deal.
“The power was lost to me, the angels signal re-awakened it and allowed me to see once more, if I am the only one who can wield its power, is that what I am needed for?”
The Grand Master, turned his back on her and approached the panelled wall behind him, with his back to her she considered her options but of course she had none, if the rumours of the Grand Master were true then she would never be able to vanquish him, there was no turning back from this, her survival.  He pressed his gloved hand against one section of the wall, the panel slid to one side and from the recess emerged a glass fronted cabinet, he stepped aside as the doors opened to reveal its contents.
There were only three shelves, on the top, a stone pyramid, the size of her fist, the front edge marked with an eye, the tales of this had been muted among the demons, the pyramid of Karenus held extreme power within.  Beside it a tangle of static electricity glowing all colours of the rainbow, she had heard the Grand Master was the only one who could command the magic of the Struartis with the touch of his hand, the power enough to burn away the dead flesh of any other.  The bottom shelf housed a bronze goblet encrusted with jewels, she had no idea of what it could be or do and beside this a small plain wooden casket yet another esoteric object.  The centre shelf contained a leather bound book with a golden clasp holding its secrets within and beside it, an empty space, waiting for her possession, the ‘All Seeing Eye.’
She could not hide her contempt for what he was showing her.
“You would leave it to rot inside a trophy case!”
“I am disappointed you did not bring it with you, but no need I have despatched Jason to collect it from your lodgings, an interesting choice, did you believe you could hide on the surface?”
“No Grand Master, I merely chose that location for the shopping.”
She was growing more confident now, Jason had a reputation of seeking out anything, nothing could be hidden from him, or so they thought!
His bellowing laugh reverberated across the walls, as the ground began to shake beneath her.
“You have but one choice Clarintor as my obedient servant to command the eye at my will.”
He poured two glasses this time and handed one across the table, she had no liking for the liquor but drank out of respect and fear, the warm whiskey burned at her throat.
“It is settled then”, he concluded downing his glass.
He placed the glass back on the tray and moved closer around the table towards her, raising his gloved hand he pulled back the red curls from her ear as a shiver of fear ran down her spine at his whispered threat.
“And to be sure there will be no question of your loyalty, I leave this as a gentle reminder.”  He breathed slowly onto her ear, his warm whiskey breath spread across the skin which burned as before, she winced with the pain as she felt her ear melting into a bubbled mass against the side of her head, the burning sensation beginning to spread.
Fear for her vanity, she pleaded with him.
“Please stop, I am your loyal servant.”
*
During the night the ward would switch to a kind of half light as if to comfort the patients which seemed a little crazy as they appeared to be in some kind of coma, but Jez had taken advantage of this time to take a sneaky look at himself without fear of being noticed.
From what he could see everything looked ok, no distinguishing marks or broken bones that could hint at what had happened to him.  He was not so sure the bike crash was the cause.  Strangely though he felt as if he were covered in cuts and bruises although there appeared to be no sign of this.
Each night when his angel came to visit she told him she had given him an injection in his thigh, he was not sure what the vial contained but was convinced that the other nurses or doctors knew nothing about it and this had aided his recovery.
His angel was late this evening and he wanted so desperately to ask her about his friend in the other bed, who was it? He wanted so desperately to tell her how he felt, how his body felt more alive than ever, he wanted to get up and move around but his thoughts stopped him somehow he knew he should check in with his angel first.



Chapter 25

Dawn could not come fast enough for the inhabitants of Kamerrean, for years they had prayed to the goddess of two moons for salvation, such was their devotion they never questioned her presence, if it existed at all in this foreign land.  The chosen one would one day arrive, the promise their great Eldeen had kept.  The excitement of the gathering evident in every home, all in their own way disturbed by events and the anticipation of what was to come.
The young man slumped, paralysed with the pain from his beloved, his wife's body beside the silent pool of the river.  Once the hold on him subsided, he held her once strong frame in his arms rocking her gently against his chest as the grief took over.  His beautiful wife, his life and soul now taken, taken by the curse which had befallen young Gredon and the others.   The night air so still and cold as the full moon shone down on the pitiful sight, she had not warned him the disease had begun to take over her body, how could it have taken her so quickly when she had only just returned from the travels of her inner soul?  Even more disturbing, the absence of the cascelet, he began to suspect there was more to the disease, her corpse tainted by evil.  It was many years before he began to realise the truth, truth lost that night the troubled young Davide disappeared across the timelines, never to be seen again.
Following the hardest day of his life so far as he had watched her body burn accompanied by the soft wails of his people over come by grief, he had put his granddaughters to bed hugging them both tight.  Their resolve urged him to continue, he would not lose the fight, his people looked up to him, he had to be strong.  Hugging the jewel encrusted urn in his arms it was at last time, time to take his beloved to where she belonged, as the darkest of night fell with the silence of the village.
The image faded into nothing and the grief fell like waves against the sleeping mans chest, to lose someone you loved so deeply stabbed at his heart like a knife, this love was different, he would not let that happen again.  His heart was bleeding, he watched as the red oozed from the wound dripping onto the growing stain, the stain grew larger as a small aperture opened at its centre, a window onto the following image.
Beside the glowing river within the illusion the others came to witness and welcome her on the final journey.  Taking the lid from the urn and placing it in the plush grass beside him, he drank in the smell of burnt roses from the ashes within, unable to contain himself further, a solitary tear rolled from his cheek and sank onto his wife's ashes.  Gently he tipped the urn on its side and watched as the contents flowed effortlessly into the water, at last her soul was at peace and able to swim the waters forever more.  Washing the last remnants from the bottom, her ashes flowed on the surface, swirling around as if caught in a whirlpool, slowly they sank deeper into the water.
Several minutes passed as he sat slumped at the water’s edge, the witnesses now gone, retreated into the shadows of his world, when her image rose from the depths, her arms outstretched to embrace him.
The dreams had disturbed the one sleeping, was it a sign of things to come?  Beads of sweat built on his forehead as the smell of roses wafted through his senses once more, he did not want to witness further pain and shook his head to dispel the scent.  It came at him again, stronger this time as he forced his heavy lids to open.
“Grandfather, please wake up.”
“Cooper? What time is it?  Aaagghhh!”
Eldeen grabbed at the throbbing pain in his head, trying to magic it away.
“What is wrong? You are ill, please grandfather, it is not like you to sleep for so long.”
He watched her anxious face through his darkened eyes as he focused on healing the pain in his head, old age did not allow him the luxury of doing two things at once, she would have to wait.
At last the drumming slowly ebbed away and he regained his senses.
“How long have I been sleeping?”
“The sun is at its highest point, it is nearly time, but you are not up to it, we must cancel the gathering.”
“No, No we cannot, it is too late, do not fret so, I will manage but wait,” he lifted his hand to her temple, “there is something you are not telling me, what has happened?”

The others had awoken early that day unable to contain their anxiety over what lay ahead.  Jez was the first to rise as the sun barely edged over the horizon, the nights shared dreams nagged at him, he would have to confront Jol, but how?  For now he was ravenous again and weary from his broken sleep, the pot over the fire held that yucky porridge, the festering smell and look of it made him want to heave, he grabbed his jacket and found one broken crancake from the day before.  The hunger ravished his insides like he had not eaten for days, he removed his jeans and lowered himself into the cool river, if he did not eat soon he would faint from hunger, fishing was his only option right now, if he could manage it.
I had woken late this morning, only to find Cooper sat on the end of my bed resting against the wall.  She appeared awake but lost in her thoughts, her face stern and worried, I want to ask her about the silver plants but she looks so fierce I think better of it and try to shift my weight gently, to ease myself from bed without disturbing her.
Cooper rose from her reverie and slaps my leg.
“Good you are awake, I shall attend to breakfast.”
The image staring back at me from the tiny compact mirror is frightening.  I look tired and drab and my hair, arggghhh, I have got to do something with this hair, where’s the local shop when you need it, charging over the odds for a pot of strong gel, I’m willing to pay anything just now.
I’m distracted by a sound behind my wall, the same place from where Jez had been chopping wood, I can hear a muffled voice and lean closer pressing my ear against the cold stone and listen.
“Where?”
“He is in Jesveril's cottage.”
“What? He has brought him here and the girl!”
I jump back from the wall as there is a thud against my ear, as if a large clump has been thrown down in haste, something is wrong.
I forget how rough I’m looking and shove on my boots, the only footwear I have left now since losing my pumps in the mud yesterday and run from my room desperate to find out what’s going on, the cottage appears empty.
Running to the entrance I have to stop, temporarily blinded by the strong sunlight stinging my eyes.  Blinking at last I see Jez climbing awkwardly from the river in just his boxers and t-shirt, water droplets glistening on his arms.  A half naked man would normally have me embarrassed but I have no time for that now, he’s wrestling with something as he shouts my name.
“Hey Jol, I got one look” he see’s my confusion, “what's wrong?”
For a second I just stand there and stare at him as I remember the kiss from my dreams, my cheeks flush as I come to my senses and realise why I rushed outside in the first place.
“I think Dallon has returned, but something's not right, are you coming?”
Jez looks from my look of terror to the slippery fish, jumping about on the river bank, his stomach groans. 'Damn it' he thinks as he quickly knocks the fish on its head and reaches for his clothes.
I’m already stomping off in the direction of the village aware of his reluctance, this is no time for eating, I know something is wrong.  Behind me Jez is busy trying to pull on his jeans, his body still wet as he stuffs his bare feet into his boots, chasing after me.
“What is it?” he calls.
I stride on, rambling, “I don't know, it’s just Cooper, I know something is not right.”
“Where are we going?”
“Jesveril's cottage.”
“Where's that?” he asks, struggling with his zip as he jogs alongside.
I stop dead, catching him by surprise, “I DONT KNOW!” I shout back, my frustration building.
“Whoah! I'm only trying to help, I left a fish for you!”
“Thanks!” I can’t help being sarcastic.
Jez is suddenly the voice of reason.
“Look if Dallon's back lets go to his place, Al’ice spent the night there didn't he?”
I hate it when he’s right, why couldn't I think of that!
Cooper came running up to us as we were about to knock the door of Aijins cottage.
“There you are.  Come, Dallon has returned and Tadge is eager to meet you.”
Jez looks at me as I stare in wonder at the beckoning Cooper, he invades my thoughts.
“She seems alright to me are you sure your dreams of last night have not got you on edge?”
I shoot him one of my glares, “and what is that supposed to mean?”
He just raises his eyebrows, waiting for an answer, as Cooper already ahead, turns, “Come on, there is little time to waste.”
I can’t deal with his accusing eyes right now and erect the barrier to any more invasions.
Jez realising what I had done, didn’t follow, I can feel his eyes burning into my back as I chase after Cooper.
So, there goes the barrier again, he hated it when she did that and watched her body language as she stomped after Cooper and up the hill towards the tree line which led the way to Kamerrean. 
Jez wondered whether he should follow, his stomach growled, he could just go back and cook the waiting fish but then curiosity had him gripped.  Jol had infuriated him, how easy she could block him out like that, toss him aside like a mechanics oily rag, just as she had done in the dream, no he would get to the bottom of it.
Just to the right of the tree line that led the way to Kamerrean, at the edge and hidden in shadow, stood another cottage just like Eldeen's.  Jez ran to catch up as they stopped at the door, Cooper turned to warn them both of what was inside.
“Jol prepare yourself, Kate is inside and she is not well.”
The words barely registered as I pushed passed her into the room, behind me Cooper placed her hand on Jez's arm before he followed and whispered, “be gentle with her, what-ever it is that troubles you, it must wait.”
The first thing I see is a stranger, a man in his thirties I guess, he is positively glowing, I mean a gentle glow radiating out from his body, was this my grandfather?  He is holding his arms out to embrace me as I catch myself staring at his features, it’s hard not to when he’s glowing like that.
His hands touch my shoulders, he’s still glowing.
“You are far more beautiful than your mother ever was, I think you must possess my genes after all.  We need to do something about your hair though.”
I like him, of all the things he could have said and he came out with the perfect statement, I smile at his kind eyes and decide we’re going to get along just fine.
Instinctively I wrap my arms around him as we hug, he smells strongly of lavender, it reminds me of Gran.  I’m drowning in his warm embrace, lost in the re-union with the man I have never met when I remember, Kate.
I pull back and look into his eyes, fear taking over my voice, “where's Kate?”
He steps aside and behind him a vision, not a dream this time but a ghastly vision.  To the right of the fireplace Al’ice is standing behind the ghostly image of Dallon, holding his shoulders as they both look down at the bodies in front of the fire, two Kate's, both sleeping.
I feel my mouth open in confusion, I can’t speak, Kate looks peaceful, too peaceful, one image more solid than the other, at last I manage to ask, “Oh my God, what happened?”
Falling to my knee’s beside the Kate’s I touch the cheek of the nearest one, the one not so whole and she feels cold, too cold.  I can feel the tears coming as Tadge places a reassuring hand on my shoulder.
“I am afraid Kate has met with great misfortune, her life taken in such a way that her troubled soul took off, much in the same way as young Dallon here, she will leave us soon.”
“How long?”
“A few hours at the most, there is nothing I can do.”
“No’ooo.”
I pull back the hair from her face as the tears break free, I lean forward and whisper in her ear, “I'm Sorry.”
It’s pathetic really but what more can I say, if I hadn’t become her friend on that first day of college then this wouldn’t of happened.  I didn’t know, didn’t know what my future held but I am to blame for what’s happened, I can hear her mischievious laugh from my memories, “I’m sorry Kate.”
I swallow the lump in my throat, knowing there is a life I can save, death has drained me, I want no more.  I look up at Dallon’s tortured face, to the one of concern on Al’ice and turn to my grandfather, “You will save the boy though?”
“The boy wanted me to save your friend! I understand you have promised my gift to him, this gift is yours and yours only Julianne, I will not waste it on another.”
His words explain the tortured look on Dallon's face.
“Dallon was Kate able to speak when you met her?” I ask.
His face lights up as he nods, Kate has this amazing ability to touch those that she meets, that's why she wants, wanted to become a nurse, I reflect on those thoughts, she would have been good at it.
My grandfather has a look of sorrow around those kind eyes, what do I call him? Granddad doesn’t seem right, he looks too young, although I realise he is probably as old as the mountains around us.
Al’ice is clearly distressed at the events, he knew Kate as well, he must surely be upset.  My heart still leaps when I look at him, if we could just hold each other and make all the hurt go away but there is still Dallon.  Al’ice is still staring at Kate, he does not plead with me to save the boy and I admire him for that, he knows how much pain I am already in but watching him now, I know I love him more than ever, there is no way I will go back on my word.
I need to be alone with my grand......, well Tadge.  I turn to the others, “please go, I wish to speak to Tadge alone.”
Al’ice glances my way, concern etched on his face but I manage to return a wink through my wet lashes, probably not appropriate under the circumstances but I have to let him know it will be ok, I will fight for my promise.
With the others gone and the door closed, Tadge says nothing as I sit in silence beside my best friend and cradle her dying face in my hands.  I can feel death coming, surrounding the cottage, suffocating the stale air, there is no time to grieve, time is ticking away.
“How much do you love my Gran?” I finally ask.
“More than you will ever know.”
“Would you do anything for her?”
Tadge chuckles to himself, “you have not been told the story?”
Damn it! That was the wrong thing to say, of course he would, he was chucked out of heaven because of Gran.
“Alright! I didn't mean it like that”
I pause frustrated with myself, what I have to say is embarrassing, he may be my Granddad but I hardly know him.
Tadge watches as I rub my eyebrows, “I wouldn't do that if I were you unless you wish to look like Dennis Healy!”
“Who? Look I don't want to seem ungrateful but I don't want your gift, if I'm going to die then I'm going to die right!  What I'm trying to say is that I love Al’ice and want to be with him, I've promised him that Dallon can have your gift, to go back on that promise will tear me apart, do you understand?”
Tadge says nothing as I continue, forcing the words out through my tears.
“It's even worse now I know Kate is dying as we speak, my father is dead, this is the worst bloody nightmare and I wish I would wake up any minute but that's just not going to happen.  If I could save my friend too then I would but my heart has been broken enough, I've had enough! I will not lose Al’ice over this as well.”
Tadge nods at his granddaughter with the fire within her soul, she reminds him so much of Jesveril, if only she were here now to guide him. 
“I understand your torment Julianne but if Al’ice loves you he will forgive.”
“I believe you are right, of course you are right, how could you be wrong?”  I reply, defeated.
He has worn me down with barely a word spoken from his lips.
“How can I  argue, you are an angel after all.” 
“A fallen one at that! Do not forget” he adds.
I am near to collapse, I am exhausted from my outburst, so many emotions to fight all at once.  I must be resolute, I feel the calm surround me and force it to invade my body as I finish in barely a whisper.
“Al’ice will forgive me, I could never forgive myself and that is the difference.”
Silence hangs in the air between us as Tadge digests my statement, I can almost hear the non-existent clock ticking across time.
“You are sure this is what you truly want?” he asks, tenderly.
I look at him through my swollen lids, perhaps all hope is not lost, “Yes.” I reply.
Tadge can sense his granddaughter’s pain, an echo of the pain he felt when faced with abandoning Jesveril forever, a task he could never have completed.  How could he refuse her request when he knew all too well how she felt, for all these years he had protected her, ready to save her when the time came.  His special granddaughter, the one who inherited his talents, she does not realise just how special her gift is, how he has strived to keep her hidden not only from evil but the heavenly forces that control the earth’s equilibrium.   She has a kind heart, the love and warmth radiates around her body, she is so unlike her mother.  Juliannes future now uncertain from her exposure, it would not be long before her presence alerted his former brethren, at this very moment in time the best he could ever do for her would be to grant her wish.
“Then come, you must heal the boy's body before I can restore his soul.”
“You will do this for me?” I ask, in shock.
“Only for you.” he replies.
“I can't leave Kate here, on her own.”
“Do not worry so, she will not be alone, you may return once my final gift has been taken.”
Tadge thought of the other body in the adjoining room, of the deception from her beloved Al’ice and Tilly, sometimes a sacrifice was worth the truth but he was not the one to shatter her dreams.  He looked at his beautiful yet sad granddaughter, he could not be the one to deliver more pain, he only wished to see her happy, he may not agree with the deception but he could not deny her request.
As we walk back towards Aijin’s cottage, we are holding hands and I feel a warmth from him, it is comforting despite my distress.  I am more worried now of my supposed healing powers, a tattoo is one thing but a whole life?  I am so grateful to Tadge, what he does now means more than he will ever know, I feel very proud to have him as my Granddad.
“You know Julianne, I think you are just a little crazy.”
“Am I?”
“Yes, just like Jesveril, she would have been very proud.”
“Would have?”
Before he has time to answer, Al’ice appears at the door, the smile slowly creeping along his face as he realises the significance of our approach.  He brushes his lips beside my cheek, tasting the saltiness of the solitary tear remaining, and whispers gently, “I love you.”
There it is again, the flutter in my heart, I feel his warm breath against my neck but do not look at him, the apprehension of what is to happen, too much.
“I know” I whisper back.
Inside the cottage, Aijin looked terrible with her sunken red eyes and I realise I probably look just as bad.  We all watch as Al’ice kneels before Dallon's body and begins the ritual to reverse the gendaris.
The butterflies in my chest betray my nervousness, “what do I do?” I whisper to Tadge.
“Place your hands over the boys chest, the rest will happen naturally.  There is still time to change your mind?”
I manage a wry smile, “never.”
The coffin disintegrates with Al’ice's words, I can see Dallon's soul return to his body, it was now my turn.
I kneel beside the boy’s body, the ground is rough against my knees, gulping back my fear I place my hands on his chest as directed by Tadge and wait, nothing seems to be happening.
Al’ice kneels on the other side of the boy’s body, looks me straight in the eyes and nods his encouragement.  I can’t fail him now, I concentrate on the calm I must find, allowing it to wash through me as before and push my hands hard against Dallon’s body, closing my eyes to the silent room.
A faint pulse begins to throb under my fingertips, is it mine, my adrenaline maybe?  The pulse emits warmth, which spreads along my fingers and up through my hands, it jolts my arms, pinging my elbows and shooting up to my shoulders, the force sending me flying against the wall behind, jarring my back.  My elbows feel the worst of all, I remember tennis causing me much the same pain.
Tadge is on the boy in a second, he opens his mouth as if to do resuscitation, but none like Jez had ever seen before, he breathes slowly into the boy until at last Dallon begins to sit up and rub at his eyes.

“Where are the others now? Asks Eldeen.  It has been a long time since Tadge was last here, any news of Jesveril?”
Cooper ignored her grandfather’s second question, “Tadge has returned with Mr. Serason's body, Jol is with her friend at the cottage, Dallon is tucking into a hearty broth with his jubilant mother and Al’ice has taken Jez to prepare for the gathering.”
“Uh, no I am here.” replied Jez from the other side of the curtain.
Cooper was startled, “Jez, what is wrong?”
“Nothing, Al’ice sent me to tell you he has everything in hand and no need for his uncle to worry, he said you are just to prepare yourselves, I am off now to check on Jol.”
“Is that wise?” she asked.
Jez considered her words, “I know, be gentle.”
I must look as if I’ve been to hell and back with my face streaked with the salt of my tears but I don’t care what I look like.  
I’m holding Kate's stony hand, “I am so sorry I got you into this mess Kate, I wish I knew what had happened to you, I have asked Tadge to return you home, back to the party, where there will be an investigation but the verdict will be a tragic accident, or so he says.  Tadge is my grandfather, it’s hard to understand but I wish you could have known him, he’s like a thousand years old or something but doesn’t look it.  And get this he’s a former angel, none of the powers anymore but he is still magical, has even returned your body to the clothes from the party, I don’t know how he does it with only my memory to go on, you know I think he could do just about anything, imagine what he would be like if his powers were fully restored.  He has shown me how to use mine, your angel Jol remember?”
I barely hear the door as it creaks open, “Uh, you ok?” asks Jez.
I look up at him and nod, “she was such a good friend to me you know when I first came to New Zealand, we had nothing in common, we just seemed to connect, I'm going to miss her.”
Kate's sleeping soul began to rise and lower itself into her body, the final act, I wish it had not come to this.
Jez felt my pain, he had lost a parent and best friend and understood the numbness of my loss, it must be hard though to lose them both within a few days, he felt the need to comfort me but did not know what to say or how to say it, showing your emotions was just too complicated. It could send her over the edge, he thought, no he would be firm, he would act like a man.
“We have to go Jol and prepare for the gathering, villagers from the surrounding mountains have already descended.”
He watched me as I bent forward to kiss Kate's cold face, a final goodbye, my tears falling on the grey skin of my dead friend.  As I look down across her body, I see my mum’s signet ring on her finger, it’s hard going but I have to remove it, she didn’t have it on at the party.  I cannot bear to return the ring to my own finger, it does not seem right, “I'm sorry” I whisper once again as I rise to leave.
Outside I shiver as the sunlight touches my skin.
“Look at your skin, why's it like that?” asks Jez.
I hold out my arms, my skin is cold and clammy to the touch, white and puckered, I shiver again, it must be from the damp in the cottage.
“Looks like I've been in the bath too long that's all, I don't like the idea of Kate in there all alone in the cold and the damp, where's Tadge?”
“He has taken your father’s body back home, stroke of luck finding Kate in his car with him, eh!”
“WHAT!”

Tonight his angel did not come, there was to be no injection this evening.
He was alert, every tiny sound echoed in his ears as he puzzled over the old woman, she was so protective over him, like a grandmother would be, she wore the uniform of a nurse and was never questioned as to her presence at his bedside but then had there been any one else around when she was there?  Maybe not, he could not be sure, but surely if you're in a coma there would be, wouldn't there?
Confused over his thoughts he heard a whisper travel across the still air, it sounded like his angel but he could not see her.  He took the risk and opened his eyes to the half lit room, there seemed to be a glass screen shielding the person in the opposite bed, the image was fuzzy but he could see someone sat beside his roommate.  The person stood up and leant over the body, hovering for an eternity, the body didn’t move, what were they doing?



Chapter 26

Jez tucked into the cooked fish, he was starving hungry, trouble was when they had returned his fish was no-where to be seen he could only guess that some creature had came and taken it as he had definitely despatched it before he left.  The evidence now gone, he had a hard time convincing Cooper of his triumph, she had come to his aid and quickly retrieved another couple of fish to replenish his hunger.
Jol had stormed off into her room, slamming the door on their return and that bothered him, he had obviously let the cat out of the bag, the others had not been entirely truthful over her father’s death, no wonder she had taken it so well.  When Cooper had asked what was wrong, he just shrugged his shoulders in denial, Jol could have it out with Al’ice and the others, from now on he would stay out of it.
I entered the cottage and never looked at the others as the door to my room slammed behind me. I wanted  to punch the wall in anger but value my knuckles too much, besides I’ve had enough pain for one day, emotional and physical.  Now the anger had surpassed all of that, why the hell should I attend this bloody gathering when they have all lied to me.  Jez was right, they were using me, even Al’ice, I felt my nails dig into the skin as I clench my fists.  Jez had been the only one to tell the truth, his innocent remark proof enough, he had been oblivious to their lies.
There is a knock at the door, “what is the matter?” asks Cooper as she enters.
“Go away, I don’t want to talk about it!”
“Whatever it is, it cannot be that bad, tell me, I could help?”
I turn my back on her and stare at the ceiling in frustration, I don’t want to talk about it, I don’t want to have face their lies right now, why can’t she just leave me alone and why the hell can I smell oranges.  I ignore Cooper and stare at a crack in the wooden ceiling.
Cooper knows the source of the smell, it is my essence and it grows stronger with the day.
“Jol?”
Why can’t she just leave me alone.
“JOL?” she asks with concern.
They won’t will they, oh no, not with their precious gathering, she’ll just keep on and on, “YOU lied to me” I find myself blurting out.
“About?”
“My father.”
Tadge had promised Cooper he would not mention her father and she believed him, it was not in his nature to lie, unless somehow the subject of her father came up then he would have been compelled to tell the truth.  She had dreaded this moment.
“I am sorry Jol, protecting your feelings was perhaps not the right thing to do.”
“Were you protecting mine or Al’ice's?”
“I do not understand?”
I realise I can’t continue this conversation whilst staring at the ceiling, I brace myself for the confrontation and turn to face her.  She looks so hurt and confused, not the Cooper we all know and love, what an actress!  I am glaring at her, hatred fills my eyes.
“Oh never mind! You must promise me NOT to let Al’ice know that I am aware of his lies, I can’t face him now, if you promise, then I promise to calm down, I am tired of fighting.”
I slump down on the bed in defeat, I’ve had enough of this shit, oh how I had been so proud of Tadge and even he had concealed the truth, how dare they!  I can feel Cooper staring, she doesn’t say a word, I relax my fists but my elbows are still buzzing from earlier.  It’s just all too much to deal with at once, I don’t want to go to the bloody gathering, all those people eager to meet me, I just want to curl into  ball and let my anger fester, it’s not fair.  Perhaps I can get Jez to help me escape this nightmare, he’s always been eager to leave, all those people here to see me, shit! I’ll talk to him after the gathering, we can plan our escape then.
Cooper sat beside me and gave me a tentative hug.
“I promise not to say a word to Al’ice, It will do him good to face the wrath of someone he loves, it is about time things did not always go his way.”
I did not fully understand her meaning, she said he loves me but how can you lie to someone you love, I felt my chest tighten as my head begins to buzz, I could really do with some panadol.
Time was running short but Cooper is well aware of my fragile state, trying to lighten the mood if that were at all possible, she asks “what do you think of the garments I have made for you?”
The smell of oranges is still bugging me but it’s growing fainter now and taking my headache with it.  I stare down in horror at the end of the bed to where she is pointing.
“What are you making Jez wear?”
“He refuses any suggestions I make, alas Jez will be the same as usual!”
I’m thinking of my plan to get Jez on his own, wondering how long this damn gathering will take as I pick through the assortment of cloth.
“Why do I have to wear these?”
“I promise, when I have finished you will look like an angel.”
I’m not convinced, my anger is waning but it’s still there festering under the surface, “whatever!” I reply.
Cooper leaves me to my sarcasm and quickly returns with a large jug of liquid.
“This will cleanse you of your pain and give you courage to cope with the rest of the day.”
“Great! Just what I need, do I drink it?”
She laughs, “No, it is for washing away your troubles, here.”
I sniff the rim of the jug, it’s just water, what kind of fool does she think I am? I pour it into the bowl on the side and cup the cool water in my hands.  I need to wash my face at least, if I’m going to meet the villagers I can’t go out there looking hellish.  As I splash my face, the oranges return, perhaps it is in the water.
“Where did you get the oranges from?”
“No orange just the juice of the julempieen root, you are the one who smells of oranges, the root juice encourages your own odour to flourish.”
“No way! I smell of oranges, how come?”
“You are part angel Jol, it is your essence, did your mother not have a distinctive smell?”
I cast my mind back, did she? I rarely saw my ambitious mother and couldn’t remember any special smell except for the expensive perfumes she owned, they were always so heady and made me feel sick.  Now dad had a musty old smell that lingered on him along with the stale tobacco, he smelled like history, of the old books he collected for his shop, now that I can remember well.
Cooper is watching me, lost in my thoughts, waiting for an answer.
“Yeah, eau de Chanel no doubt!”
“I have not heard of this, is it a pleasant aroma?”
I was being sarcastic, again!  It wasn’t in my nature to be like that, this place was turning me into a monster.  It was talking about mum that did it, thoughts of her always angered me, I don’t know why, I hardly knew the woman.
What I thought was water had the consistency of milk, very strange.  My own smell was now sweet and comforting, not as strong as before, more like tangerine than oranges.  Perhaps it echoed my mood, the stronger the orange would spell danger, I don’t remember it back in Salisbury at that party when I had hurt Dave Jinson, the smell of stale cigarettes and drink on his breath had probably masked my own, Al’ice had better be careful, I didn’t know my own strength when pushed.
I finished drying myself and Cooper began to help me into the clothes she had made, they did fit really well but I just felt so uncomfortable.
“What's wrong with my own clothes?” I ask as I look down at myself disapprovingly.
Cooper begins to tie the lattice work around my tight bodice, on my hips a mini leather wrap which covers the full red skirt underneath which falls to my ankles.
“Take out your seeing device and look for yourself how much better this is.”
I grab my mirror from my bag, the bodice shows off the curve of my new breasts and the skirt has many sections which are not joined.
“Oh! you can see right up my legs.”
“Yes and what a fine body you have to be displayed so.”
I place my hand over the triquetra, it doesn’t even cover all of the bare skin on my chest, ok so I look good but it’s not me, I feel awkward and exposed, I may turn heads but I don’t want to be the centre of attention.
“Can I wear my cloak?” at least that will cover some of my embarrassment.
“If you wish, I will fetch it.”
I stood there waiting, at last I feel the cloak lowered onto my shoulders, as it falls to my sides I feel much better.
“It is such a shame to hide such a beautiful body” remarks Al’ice from behind.
I swing round angered by his voice and slap him hard across the face, the oranges returning to the room.
I can’t believe I just did that as the stinging sensation smarts my palm, I raise my hands to my mouth in disgust as the redness swells on his cheek, ‘I'm sorry’ I mouth silently.
I’m so mad with him but my heart still flutters as before as he stares back at me in surprise, he doesn’t say anything at first, confusion etched on his face.
“I startled you, I am sorry, it is time, the others are waiting.”
Was that it? He turned and entered the main room of the cottage, was that it?  Why did he have to stand there looking so hurt and handsome, now I feel bad, it’s not fair.
He has no idea what he’s done to me, Cooper promised, she must have been true to her word, for once!  I gather myself up in my cloak before facing the others.
Cooper had quickly changed into a garment similar to mine but in green, Al’ice wears a bemused look on his face and is wearing his usual cloths of orange and brown, the trace of my hand still visible, I can barely look him in the eye.  Eldeen bows his head in greeting, he has tied his long white hair behind and braided his long goatee beard, he reminds me of those hippy tree hugging types, his cloak looks new but the same moss green colour he always wears.
Jez appeared in the doorway wiping his mouth on the back of his hand.
“Wow! look at you.”
I flush at his statement hoping the villagers will not be so obvious.
Eldeen leads the way to the village as I shuffle behind trying to seem regal whilst gathering the cloth of my skirt to hide my thighs.  I am walking beside Jez, the only true friend I have in this place, I grabbed him quickly before Al’ice got any ideas of his own.  I suppose I wanted to hurt him, to make him jealous but he did not seem to mind as unbeknown to me this arrangement had already been decided, it was Eldeen's wish.
Behind us walked Cooper and Al’ice, both amused at my attempts to hide my flesh, I could feel his eyes on my back, on my thighs beneath the cloak, why couldn’t we walk at the back?
As we approached the meeting place much merriment was already underway, there were lots of people, more than I had seen since arriving.  The smell of burning flesh met my nostrils and I turn away in disgust at the sight of several large deer turning on a spit to our left.
A weird noise falls across the evening, meeting our arrival, it is a strange and eerie sound, shallow at first but the long note does not falter, crescending into a roar.
“It is the horn of Ballesen” adds Cooper from behind.
“Will the Celts not hear it?” I ask without turning.
“They will hear the roar of thunder and lightning, they will not come, the weather is fearsome for them today” adds Al’ice.
Jez walked proud with his arm interlinked with Jol's, she looked fantastic as he escorted her to the gathering, he knew at some point he would have to lose her though as his taste buds salivated at the sight of the roasting deer.
Around us the constant babble ceases with only the babes making a sound as their mothers try to soothe them, it was clear Eldeen commanded much respect, I can feel my face redden, again!
There is excitement and tension in the air as we enter the meeting place, Eldeen raises his staff, the amber head is restored as he greets his people in their strange language, he turns and takes hold of my hand, releasing me from Jez's grasp and parades me around the inner circle, I feel sick and shuffle so as not to expose my legs as they stare and begin clapping loudly.  He then turns back to Jez and holding his hand he speaks loud and proud to the people who look at Jez in wonder and begin clapping once again.  I see his face redden like mine, at least I’m not alone in the embarrassment, I don’t like it here in the centre, perhaps we can sit off to the side somewhere.
Eldeen continues jabbering on in his strange tongue until at last he finished and the festivities continued in a flurry of activity, to our right are a group of dancers moving to the strange tones coming from what looks like a cross between bagpipes and an accordion and accompanied by three single drums.  The children we had met the day before are joined by many others and are playing games and laughing.  Groups of men hang around the edges, deep in conversation whilst drinking from large vessels of what was probably kailch.
Eldeen saw Jez licking at his lips, “Go, eat and drink, enjoy yourself, Julianne you will sit here with Cooper and I.”
My heart sinks as I realise there is no escape, there are large cushions beside us at the centre, no hiding in the shadows after all.  I watch Al’ice follow Jez, stopping many times to talk, he seems to know everyone, why do I admire him so when I’m still so angry.  They both stop beside the large carcass of a deer and pull at the meat heartily enjoying a drink and laughing, at least they are getting on it seems.  I feel alone once more as I sit and hope Jez will still want to leave as soon as this is all over.
Cooper rouses me from my thoughts with a cup of kailch.
“Here this will help, not too much for you though, look how the men stand as protectors at the edge, you will notice how the women and babes stay within the canopy that is our way.  Are you hungry? We have roasted vegetables of sorts if you wish?”
My stomach groans and I realise I have not eaten all day, I nod in agreement.
A concerned looking woman approaches Eldeen and for a while they are deep in conversation, at last he turns to me and asks, “Jol do you feel up to healing again, so soon?”
The buzzing had subsided in my elbows but I didn’t like the thought of it returning, I look at the woman’s anguished face, I could try I suppose, one last act before I leave. 
“I could try” I reply.
The woman returns with a small girl of about five years old and places her unconscious body on the cushion in front of me, she is very pale. 
“What's wrong with her?” I ask.
“We believe it is another case of the curse, though why it has decided to attack the young we cannot be sure.”
The enormity of my task suddenly crushes in around me, how can I refuse a child, one so young but I had hoped to be led away to a private spot, what if I fail this time with everyone watching?
“Eldeen, I want Jez here to help me.”
“Jez?” he asks surprised, “not Al’ice?”
“No.” 
I’m still angry with Al'ice and if he came near me I would never be able to concentrate properly on this difficult task.
Eldeen nods in agreement, for he needed us together, it was almost time for his next task, the one he had been dreading.
“Then it will be so, Cooper fetch Jez for me.”
Jez came over to the centre, he looks a little bemused at my request, he could tell Al’ice's nose had been put out of joint but then guessed that was what I wanted, he didn't like being used as a pawn in my silly games.
Aware of all the watching eyes he kneels beside me speaking silently, “You are not using me again, are you?”
“I would never do that! I need someone strong behind me in case I am thrown backwards again.”
“You are going to heal this young girl?” he asks out loud. 
“Yes.”
“Are you up to it, after what happened earlier?”
“Jez, please, will you help me? In case I am thrown back like before.”
“OK”, “why not ask Al’ice, he is surely as strong as I am?” 
“I would not be able to concentrate, look at him Jez, he belongs with his people, he is to replace Eldeen, did you know that?”
Eldeen interrupts, “When you two are quite ready! Observe, this delay has my people worried.”
“Sorry” we both add in unison.
Jez sits behind me, “Well how do you want me?” he asks.
“Whatever you feel is the strongest hold you have.”
He looks around him at the watching eyes, aware that Al’ice is now keeping a close eye on him, at first he kneels but that is no good then he try’s squatting but is unbalanced.  There is nothing for it as he sits anquoring me from behind, each leg placed either side of mine, he holds my waist tight and closes his eyes, resting his head against my back.
Al’ice envied him this task, he wanted to be the one to accompany Jol on this perilous journey until Eldeen made him see reason, “You cannot” he had ordered, “Your emotional link will most certainly have you both killed, Jez has not the power yet to intervene, he must witness and bring her back to us safely.”
If this was to be his angels last moments Al’ice longed to be with her, he reached up and touched his cheek, still hot from her touch.  He could not bear to watch her die either and Eldeen was right, the power needed to send them would be his last act as leader and Al'ice had a duty to his people to stay and protect them.
The knot of jealousy tightened in his chest as he saw Jez hold her tight, he rubbed at his sore cheek, her force was strong, he did not want this to be his final memory of the woman he loved.
I place my hands on the little girl’s chest and hope it will be easier than before, the young girl’s body is much smaller than Dallon’s.  The pain starts immediately, first through my palms then shooting into my fingertips, the reverse of before, as if sharp talons were going to erupt from my fingers, I grimace, scared of hurting the girl, I try not to think of wolverine, I close my eyes and concentrate.
Al’ice looked at Eldeen who nodded to him reaffirming their previous conversation, he felt the stab of pain behind his eyes as Cooper joined him and placed her arm around his shoulders in comfort.
Jez felt the shudder go through my body as I held fast, he glanced over my shoulder as the little girl opened her eyes and cried for her mummy.
The crowd erupted in cheers and began chanting as the girl’s mother rushed forward gathering up her precious daughter, I have yet to open my eyes as I fight to calm the tide within.  
Eldeen begins to speak, he takes Jez's wrist and lays it upon mine.  Our cascelet bands touch, in a blinding flash we’re gone.

It takes a while to focus from the flash of light, I am sat upon a huge rock high above the deep dark grey of what looks like a river far below the edge of the rock face.  My hands still burn from the healing process, my fingertips as if they are on fire, no talons though to my relief, but where the hell am I? Surrounded by mountains, the water below stretches far on each side, so far that I can’t see where it ends but I think I can just make out the opposite shoreline, the water laps at what looks like dense rocks.  There are no trees just heather clad hills and the barren mountains, this is truly a desolate place, jagged rocks everywhere and no sign of habitation.
I must be in another dream, knocked out from the healing process, I will wake up soon and find the others hovering over me but I think I have seen this place before, it looks familiar.  I can no longer feel Jez's body behind mine, had he felt the energy as it had shuddered through me, I hope I have not hurt him.
“Jez?” I call out to him with my mind, there is no reply.
This must be a dream as I am unable to move from this rock and can only see just a couple of metres, a thick fog clings to the land, creeping towards me, like cold clammy fingers reaching out, I’m too cold for it to be a dream surely?  I pull my cloak tighter as a rush of water from below sounds, a greyish mist rises up from the water, its ghostly fingers reaching for my body, fingers attacking from both sides I am paralysed with fear.
In the flash, Jez had found himself standing but pinned against a large flat rock, the dense fog surrounding him threatened to engulf his lungs as the cold stabbed at his throat.  Just ahead he could make out a woman sat upon a rock and then nothing as if there was a huge drop in front of her, it looked like Jol, he was haunted by his nightmare and what was going to happen next.  Desperate to get to her and spirit her away from danger he found he could not move as if an invisible force were holding him down, the pent up rage inside could not even move any of his muscles, they twitched redundant of his requests, he could not stomach what he would witness next but even his eyes were forced open, his mouth clamped shut, this was a torturous pain for any man.
The grey fingered mist crept slowly over the edge of the rock and towards my body, it’s only mist I tell myself as the fingers caress my skin with a strange warmth, It looks cold but it’s warm, I am lulled into thinking I am relaxing in the bath back home, so this must be a dream, that’s what they do, interchange images so they don’t make any sense.
Feeling much calmer now I open my eyes, staring right back, a pair of deep green eyes, encased with golden lids accompanied with the throbbing beat of a heart, strong and steady, as the beast moves closer.  It appears dragon like with its long protruding snout and huge nostrils the size of dinner plates, which pulsate as the creature leans forward and sniffs my body, I’m hoping it does not breathe in too deeply as I’m sure my head will disappear inside. 
Amazingly I am calm, it’s just a dream after all, I stare back into the beasts eyes, as it returns the compliment I can feel the pressure deep in my soul, my heart aches as if struggling to keep pace with my blood.
“You are not willing, how is this so?”
The pressure deepens as I realise it is the beast that has entered my mind, talking to me.
“I do not understand, why am I here?”
The beast breathes deeper, his mind is strong, he is searching, searching mine for answers.
“You are here for a different purpose, you do not willingly sacrifice your body.”
It was more of a statement than a question.
I remember this dream, from before, the woman taken, why would she sacrifice herself willingly?
I probe forward into the dark void of the beasts mind, “Why do you feed on people?” I ask.
His sadness seeps into my soul, he is the last of his kind, forced to survive, death not an option, he is alone, he only ever takes what is offered willingly.
“Why are you here?” he asks, “You do not offer yourself like the others.”
In the reflection of the beasts eyes I can see Jez behind in the shadows, standing against a large rock, why is he just standing there, watching?
“Jez, Jez please, help me” he does not reply, perhaps he is just another illusion.
The fetid smell turns my stomach, I sense my body begin to shut down in retaliation.   Unable to move I am practically kissing the monster before me, he slices his large grey tongue at the side of my face the roughness grazing my skin, the putrid smell that comes from his throat is knocking me out.  Yet still I feel calm, the skin hard like rock as it lifts its front leg and caresses the side of my face where it had just tasted my skin with its barbed tongue.  I am going under, I see its  long nail, claw like upon knarled stubby digits as it moves down to my chest, all the time the eyes watching, waiting for any reaction as I slip into unconsciousness.  The claw catches the edge of my chain, touching the necklace that Eldeen had given me, pulling it forward as if to snatch it away.
I feel his mind probing once more, “You are the chosen one, you have the power to restore life, you must re-awaken my soul, she has been taken and is trapped.”
“Where is she?”  I murmer.
“I will give you the power, the strength to locate her, once awakened and free, eternal peace will be mine, take my gift chosen one.”
The night sky illuminates in a strange blue glow that emanates from my necklace, the pattern traced across the twilight sky.  The creature remains silent, his eyes penetrating deep.
Jez watched the scene in turmoil, he could not imagine what she was feeling right at that moment, he was unable to help as the beast reached for her but watched in wonder at the fantastic light show that appeared.  He was sure it was the same beast from his nightmare but it hesitated, his nightmare had ended in a cruel, quick and hideous way, he only hoped that Jol would not be taken like that girl.
The elliptical light, pulsated in the heavens and then as if swallowed retreated back into the triquetra, I feel more at peace inside than I have since the loss of my mother, brother, father and now best friend, it was as if this illusion had washed all of my pain away.  I smile in gratitude, in recognition of the power it wielded, the beast snorts in return, covering me in a glittony of slime, the huge thrust from its nostrils throwing the hair back from my face.
With a swift action the creature rises up into the air unfolding its huge wings and with one beat so strong it throws Jol’s body against the rock.  It dives towards the water folding back its wings against the streamlined body and enters the surface like an Olympic diver, hardly a splash to be seen, no one would guess what lay beneath if they had not seen it for themselves.
At last the tight grip on Jez's body relaxed and he rushed forward to Jol as she collapsed against the rock, knocking her temple against the hard granite, she was out cold.  He lifted her in his arms and joined their cascelet together, this time there was no flash, nothing but the two of them upon the rock in the cold, her hair wet and sticky from the creature’s breath.
Jez had to think fast, they could not stay here in case the beast changed its mind and returned, he was angry, angry that Eldeen had sent them here, did he want them to die?  He had to get his bearings it would not be long before night fell, kneeling beside the rock he began to feel around the sides, at last he found the dense moss growing against the cold and damp, from the recesses of his memory came the knowledge that moss only grew on the north side on rock where less sunlight fell.  North would be colder so they would head south, across the mountainous land.
Lost in a far off land, cold and wet, I open my eyes and find myself flung over Jez’s shoulder, again.  The cold air stings my lungs, my head aches and I’m finding it difficult to breathe as we bounce along.  The soles of my feet are cold, my toes numb, I try to look up and see the dark blue/black of the sky looming down upon us as the first sparkle of a star winks back at me.  I can’t find my voice as Jez moves fast, I think we’re moving downwards, across a mountain, I don’t know where we are or why, at last he stops and hoists me up from over his shoulder, laying me gingerly against the barren land.
I just lie there and watch him cast in shadow as he looks around in the half light, my clothes cling to my skin covered in nasal slime from the monster, I shudder at the thought and try to remember all that had happened.  Only snippets come to mind, the eyes like dinner plates, the monstrous sneeze that had me caked in slime, the long sharp nail hooked into a point, the split down the edge caught in my triquetra.
I grab at my neck as I remember, it’s still there, thank god, small comfort gleamed from the amulet, masking our current dilemma.
“Jol you're awake, you ok?” asks Jez as he turns to see me holding my necklace tight, my empty eyes staring ahead.
I can hear a voice in the distance, an echo against the night sky, I am confused, my voice no longer there as a question circles my inner ear.
Something lifts my chin, the roughness of the skin startling me as the voice grows louder in my head, the pain intense as the question circles again, “Jol, what's wrong, are you ok?”
“Jez is that you?”
“Yes”
“I can't see you where did you go?”
“I'm right here.”
My surroundings suddenly pop into view along with the pressure in my ears, I can feel the cold night air and see Jez's concerned face in front of me.
“There you are, don't leave me like that again.”
Jez saw my comments as genuine but he had not left my side, he did not want to worry me with his concerns on the state of my mind.
“I will not leave, can you stand?”
I grab his hand as he helps me to my feet, the horizon spins, my fingers slip from his grasp and I’m back on the ground with a jolt, my head still aches, I feel the skin tender and sore as my fingers find the lump on my temple.
“Woah! A little woozy eh?”
“I feel strange, my head hurts, what happened to me Jez?”
“When the beast left you fainted and hit your head on the rock, can you see me ok?”
His kind blue eyes bore into me as I reach up and touch the side of his face and nod.
“I can see you fine but you are all I can see the rest is a blur and my toes are numb, what's happening Jez, I can't feel my toes, is this another nightmare?”
Jez took off his leather jacket and wrapped it around my shoulders, it was getting dark and colder and he wondered if we could survive the night, he sat down in front of me and removed my boots, “your toes are blue” he said, concern in his voice.
I watch as he begins rubbing my toes in his hands, urging the blood to return as he adds, “it's a nightmare but not the kind you're thinking of, we have to keep warm or we'll die here tonight on this hillside.  There is a way we can keep warm but you're not gonna like it, can you feel them now?”
I nod as he replaces my boots.
“Our only chance of survival is to keep warm, there is a way.”
“Is there a cottage nearby?” I ask hopeful as he lifts me in his arms and continues down across the land.
We had not walked far when he stops and sets me back down on the ground.  His blurred image is kneeling just ahead but I can’t see what he is doing,“Ugh! Jez, what's that rotten smell?”
Jez moved quickly, using his penknife to scrape away the dead flesh from the inside of the great stags carcass, he could hardly believe his luck when he had spied the deer, he hauled Jol up carefully by the hand and edged her forward towards the dead beast.
“Here touch this” he says holding my hand out towards the great antlers.
I allow my fingers to caress the great beast’s crown, I do not flinch as the blackness of his eyes come into view.  He had lived long, the antlers with four points, just like the stag back in Kamerrean.  The stench of his rotting flesh fading, as I take in the enormity of the beast and his undignified demise.
“We must huddle together inside,” said Jez “his body will help to contain the heat of ours.”
“Jez! I can't! we can't, I mean it's barbaric!”
He grasps my hand tight in his, “Do you want to live? do you want to live to see Al'ice again?”
I look back at the great beast, look into his eyes, seeking permission as I contemplated what we must do, I knew he was right and wondered if Jez had watched the same survival programme on the discovery channel.  In my heart I couldn’t do it, how could I sleep within the majesty of his body, how could I stand the smell?
I realise now I can see much clearer and look out across the mountain, the darkening sky illuminating the horizon with a greenish glow tinged with red, the diffused curtains of colour arching and dipping like flowing silk.
“Look Jez, the aurora borealis, have you ever seen anything so magical?”
Jez looked up at the dance of spirits as he knew it, remembering a lesson from college he adds, “the emissions of photons in the earth's upper atmosphere, oxygen and nitrogen atoms, ionised or excited by the collision of solar wind particles and funnelled along the earth’s magnetic field lines.”
“Wow! You are full of surprises.”
My head is throbbing, I touch it but it does not heal nor does the rough patch of skin grazed across my cheek, my touch only makes the pain worse.  Somewhere between the pain, the cold, the science and the awful stench, my thoughts begin to spin as I faint into Jez's waiting arms.
The blackness of the night speckled with the bright white of the stars engulf the horizon as the great white stag lifts his head in recognition of my presence.  His majesty glowing from antler tip to tail and he smells oddly of lavender.  I walk towards him and curtsy in respect to the great beast, who lifts his head with a snort, “Come here” his voice echoes around my skull.
I edge closer, “Climb on my back gwenhwyfar” he demands.
I obey and haul my body over his tall frame, grabbing a hold of the back of his antlers as he leaps into the night.  We are soaring high above the stars, the wind rushing against me, drying my damp clothes.
“You keep dangerous company little one, I will not always be here to watch over you.”
He comes to an abrupt halt and I see the lush grass and the burgundy forest of Kamerrean before me as I slide from his back.  Turning to thank his majesty for the magnificent ride, he has vanished and I am all alone, or am I?
The eyes watching from the forest beckon me forward, forward to greet them.  I walk forward entranced by their spell.  The sun’s rays warming my skin as I now stand at an entrance to a large canopy of dappled light.   The stag I had seen before when I had been here with Al’ice, steps forward from behind the trees and nuzzles my arm.
“What do you want majesty?” I ask.
He bowed his huge neck and turns back to the forest.  I follow him.  As I walk I feel a thousand eyes on my back but I am not scared, the eyes do not threaten me.  At last we arrive at a small clearing where among a cluster of tall stems, a young foal sleeps curled in a ball and snuggled up to a bundle of black fur, the bundle stretches its paw and yawns, its tiny sharp white teeth exposed in the sunlight before lowering its head back to sleep.
“I don't understand?” I turned to question the stag but he has now vanished too.
“What don't you understand?” asks Jez.
I blink my eyes and see the red of Jez's t-shirt against my face. I am buried against his chest, his sweat not as bad as you would think a sweet musky odour.  The faint dawn rays pierce his arms that encapsulate me.  We are still inside the carcass.  He has wrapped himself around me to keep warm, with his back exposed to the elements.  I can still smell faint traces of lavender.
“Can we get out of here?” I ask pushing my hands against his chest to move him, “I can't breathe.”
Jez rolls backwards and helps me from the deer, the fresh mountain air brings back the awful stench of decay as we emerge.
“How could you stand the smell, at least I fainted!”
Jez stretched his arms over his head, pulling his muscles back into shape.
“Survival I suppose, besides you smell like oranges, that helps.”
I blush as I recall our closeness inside the deer’s body, there is something endearing about him, his honesty, he’s always there, no matter what.
“How's your eyes?” he asks, watching me blink against the light.
I take a while to answer him as I test my sight against the diverse landscape.
“Jez did you have any dreams last night?”
“No, are you sure you're ok?”
“Fine, I'm thirsty.”
Jez stood tall and surveyed our surroundings, “look, down to the left, I think that's a stream.”
I follow his outstretched arm and stomp off in the direction of the supposed stream, saying nothing more.
Jez follows, watching my determined walk from behind thinking it was good to have the old Jol back.
“So, what don't you understand?” he calls.
Picking our way through the rocky terrain, the stream looms into view and soon becomes a fast flowing river, our thirst driving us forward.
Stooping to cup his hand for a drink, Jez wondered about the monster, surely it was too big to dwell within these waters.   It could be out at sea by now.  He brushed at his jacket to rid it of the creatures dried fluids and blinked as he thought he saw a woman's face in the water, he reached forward into the depths but the face was gone, this unnerved him a little, now he was imagining things.
My footsteps dislodge the small rocks as I approach him with a menacing look upon my face, the memories of yesterday becoming all too clear. I am a tad angry.
“Are you alright?” he asks.
Without warning I launch myself at him punching his chest, forcing him back onto his knees at the water’s edge.
“What the hell were you doing?” I scream, “I could have been eaten or, or something!”
From his watery seat he replies, “Well you're fine now eh!”
“No, I am not!” I reply glaring at him.
I lunge at him again, my long finger nails pulling at the front of his t-shirt, ripping it, he leaps to his feet and grabs hold of my wrists, I struggle, frantic to get away from the waters edge.
“You're Crazy” he shouts, pinning my arms to my sides, attempting to tame my rage, with our faces centimetres apart, the chess game replays itself, as he grabs the back of my head, pulling me closer into his kiss.
I know I was acting like a mad woman but for a moment, just a moment I began to melt, responding to his lips before I realise what was happening.
“What the hell!  What are you doing Jez? There's something in the water, I was trying to pull you away from it!”
I wipe at my lips in disgust, one moment and I had lost myself in the emotion and just managed to break away before I lost control, lost control like I had once before.
Jez looked down at his torn shirt and back towards the shadow in the water, my nails had pierced his skin and dragged scratches which now bled.  He realises I am not crazy after all.  There is something in the water.  We both step backwards away from the water’s edge, transfixed by the moving shadow within.
“We have to keep moving, come on.”
He grabs hold of my shaking hand and leads me away.  We do not stray far from the water, using it as a guide leading us south, we hope.
We pick our way through the heather and gorse devoid of further conversation, the air around us tense as we each process that kiss in our minds.

‘Bishop to your castle, check.’
‘Wise choice, you have not lost your talent for the game.'
Jez woke in a sweat, his eyes open like a rabbit caught in the headlights.  The dream so vivid it had caught him by surprise. De ja vu, they call it, he had been here before, waking after dreaming of playing chess.  Jez had never played chess but it wasn’t the game that bothered him.  In his first dream he stood reached across the table and kissed his opponent, Jol.  This time there was to be no kiss just a tightening in his chest, fear and anticipation of formally meeting his new found kin. The memories tortured him, he no longer needed to dream of his past, it was there throbbing at his forehead like an unwanted migraine. The sweat was fear of the memories to come, the last few days of his life before the coma.



Chapter 27

Pete's stomach was churning, the raw fish did not sit well in his stomach, it had lain there ready for the taking, he could not resist.  His mouth opened slightly as he let out a low hiss, if he were in his human form then he would be rolling around on the floor groaning.  He should have slithered closer to the gathering to see what all the fuss was about but his insides would not allow it, in the distance he listened to the strange language of the old man and the rapturous applause, the signing and music, there was some kind of celebration going on.  Clarintor would want to know what was happening but it had been a while since her last contact, he was beginning to wonder how long he could survive this existence.  He didn't understand the language anyway, he already had enough to remember from the night before, he had listened closely to the conversation between the one called Eldeen and the water woman Venur and remembered every word, sure that their secret meeting had some purpose and hoped that Clarintor would be able to translate.  If he witnessed anymore his small brain would surely burst, his stomach lurched again and this time he knew he was in trouble, his insides were turning and bones were growing, punching from under his snake like skin, he was at last returning to normal.
Pete found a smock and footwear in one of the empty cottages, he was lucky that everyone had left to attend the gathering.  He could not hide so close to the others now, no longer able to slither amongst the rocks unseen.
Clutching his sore stomach he crept back along the side of the mountain and in the direction of the clearing, pausing only once to regurgitate the contents of his stomach, which now felt a lot better, the pain replaced with one of hunger.
He had just reached the sanctity of the trees when his head began throbbing. “Clarintor is that you?”
“Yes, tell me what you have seen.”
Through his weakness, he managed to recall the night’s events, she had not been too happy at his incompetence over the gathering and left his brain as abruptly as she had entered.
His head and body ached as he looked for any source of food, unlike his demonic masters, Pete still wandered the path between life and death, if he didn't eat soon he would collapse.
He picked the fungi from its anchorage, it looked good enough to eat and he was very hungry, he rolled it over in his fingers inspecting the design.  He would risk it, he would die of hunger anyway and the morsel had none of the tell tale signs of the poisonous variety he could remember from biology class.
He nibbled at the head and waited, it tasted like a mushroom, no stabbing pain from inside, no loss of senses, only the desire to fill his empty stomach, he ate the rest whole.
The flash in the clearing signalled another visitor and he crouched amongst the trees so as not to be seen, the man that glowed had returned, this would have been great news to Clarintor a day ago but she had just told him the man was not to be harmed.  Pete was confused, they had spent the whole time searching that party for any sign of him, chasing some pulse signal that she was obsessed about and now he was not to be harmed!
He had spent a couple of days in this god-awful place with the heather that stung at his sinuses and eating mice, he was annoyed at the waste of time although he could never tell her that.  He thought about her comments as he relayed the conversation he had heard, she had been silent for a while when her sinister laugh reverberated through his brain, “Pete you are truly amazing” she said, compliments were never forthcoming from the demoness until now.
She mumbled something about stealing their alien powers to aid her against the new master and she clamped shut, not another word for several minutes until uttering that she would let him go as her reward and to tell Kroil he could never touch her now.
Then she was gone from his mind, was it too good to be true?  To be rid of the evil cow forever, it did feel as if a weight had been lifted from his shoulders but what would he do?  She had mentioned Kroil, she must have known of their plan to attack her, that's why she had separated them, she had not destroyed Kroil, if he could just get out of here then he would find him.
Pete now had a goal and for that he needed food, he searched the tree roots for more fungi and ate the spoils heartily as he contemplated his exit plan.

Eldeen had collapsed after performing his final piece of magic, sending the new inhabitants off to their possible death.  Cooper had scooped him up and returned him to the cottage whilst the gathering continued.  The people had not been shocked, in his address at the beginning he explained to them the events that were to come, his people trusted his judgement and truly believed that Jol would return with the gift of magic from Elaich.  He also warned them that this, his final act marked the beginning of a new age, an age of healing, an age when their new leader would take his place as their protector.
In a symbolic gesture, Cooper returned from the cottage and placed Eldeen’s cape around the shoulders of Al'ice which was followed with much joyous celebration and the drinking of kailch.
Eldeen was a great leader but he had only clung to life, waiting until a cure for the disease could be found, it was clear to most of his people that he had become old and frail and not longer for this earth.  For years he had Al'ice by his side, grooming him for his great role.
Cooper and Al'ice kept up the pretence of their merriment whilst containing their fears, both would be happy when the evening came to an end, it should have been a proud moment for Al'ice, one that should have happened at least five earth years earlier, now he felt empty, the hole in his heart growing.
Throughout the rest of the festivities, Cooper stayed by his side, safe in the knowledge that Tadge had returned and was keeping a watchful eye on her grandfather.  His return had been a tumultuous one, his calm demeanour and presence tested when he had learned of Julianne's fate.
As nightfall descended on the village the gathering ended and Al'ice stood with Cooper at his side as each and every one of his people came to shake his hand in endorsement of his leadership, even the small children came forward to greet him, wrapping their tiny arms about his legs.  At last the event was over and now he would face the wrath of his angel’s grandfather, this had to be the worst day of his life.
Tadge had time to allow his anger to dissipate, the emotion was alien to him, once full of great divineness it was not easy to accommodate human emotions.
Al'ice entered the cottage first, facing up to his greatest challenge, Tadge walked over and hugged him whilst whispering in his ear, “I do not blame you Al'ice, I hope for your sake she returns.”
Al'ice gave him a half hearted smile and nodded in agreement, “how is my uncle?”
“At peace, I believe he waits also to learn the outcome of tonight's events, he is sleeping, he walks the line between life and death as he awaits the news.  Your uncle is strong even in death, you need not worry, he feels no pain.”
Al'ice pulled back the curtain and knelt beside the frail body of his uncle, taking the bony mottled grey skin of his hand in his as he whispered, “I have fulfilled my promise uncle, I will not fail you.”
Eldeen opened his eyes and moved his lips to speak, Al'ice drew closer to his mouth to hear him, “under this bed you will find my chest of celent, open the chest and lift the red package.”
Al’ice did as he commanded.
“Inside you will find the fourth cascelet, it now belongs to you, take it as leader of our people.”
Al’ice unwrapped the frail red silk, inside Eldeens cascelet he had kept hidden for many years since Venur’s death.  So great was he as leader he no longer needed the symbol of leadership, so great his enchai he no longer needed the power contained within.  Al’ice placed the cascelet upon his wrist, the green leather like new with its polished stones of ebony and golden studs, he felt the power surge throughout his body as the cascelet accepted his soul, merging as one.  A faint smile crossed the lips of his uncle as he witnessed the acceptance, he had one final message to convey to his successor.
“Take my ring and give it to Jez,” his voice now barely a whisper, “you do not need such a trinket as leader to our people, they except you as you are and your queen, I love you Al'ice and remember I shall be in Kamerrean if you ever need my counsel.”
Eldeen closed his eyes and slumped against the pillow, he looked dead but his pulse still raced through his veins.  Al'ice knelt with his head against his chest concealing the tears he now shed, the last words from his uncle echoed as he thought of Jol, lost in the darkness, at least she had Jez to guide her.
“It is unfortunate your grandfather agreed to this deal with the Ferimiah, I do not want Julianne to go anywhere near them.”
Tadge leant against the far wall, his arms folded in resignation as he watched Cooper busy herself making tea.
“Then we will have broken the deal, you do not brake terms with the Ferimiah, if she survives the Elaich as predicted then surely she can survive the meeting” she replied.
“I do not trust witches, they can be most unpredictable.”
“Then let Al'ice escort her, he will not allow anything to harm Jol.”
“Ah yes! Just like he allowed her to be sent to the Elaich without protest?”
“But he did protest, Eldeen is not a force to be reckoned with, without the elixir many more of our people would die, Jol is ready to save them now.”
“I am not so sure Tilly, you saw how it attacked her, she needs time to learn how to harness the power.”
“You could stay and teach her?”  Cooper handed him a drink, forgetting that he never drank.
Tadge waved it away and gave her a look of concern.  “Have you forgotten? I do not drink?”
She looked at the tea, of course he didn't drink, it was just her habit of making tea in a crisis, she had forgotten.
“I am not sure she wishes to stay, her love may be strong but how long do you think she can survive this, when she comes from a technological world?”  
Tadge waved his hand around the primitive room as he spoke.
Al'ice did not lift his head from his uncle’s chest but listened to every word from the room beyond, Tadge was right, how could he expect Jol to give up everything for him, the doubts began to rack through his mind.  There had to be a way, when she returned, if she returned, then he would fight for her, he would find a way to keep her happy.
“Tilly I will stay until we have news or at least until morning then I must return the girl’s body, she is still at Jesveril's cottage?”
“Yes, I have anointed the body to prevent decay, do you wish to see her?”
“No, that will not be necessary, so much death, If only I had my powers all of this could have been prevented.”
“You are not allowed to use your powers on us, we are not human, it would not have worked anyway.”
“Perhaps, I have broken the rules before as you well know, perhaps it is in my nature to be attached to your people, perhaps this was my destiny all along?”
“When will you know, surely it is time?”
“Very soon, but not until I return Jesveril's ashes to their rightful resting place, it is a shame she could not have waited until Julianne was ready, if only we had known it would be so soon.”
“She would not have made it Tadge, I feel it in my heart.  She will be re-united with our grandfather at least in death, we shall return them together.”
“When Julianne returns, do not let her out of your sight until I have spoken with her, it may be my last chance to help her, if only she had not commanded me to give away the gift.”
Tadge enveloped Cooper in his arms for comfort as they stood and watched the clouds obscure the waning moon.  They stood in the doorway for the rest of the night, watching the horizon whilst Al'ice paced the room behind them.  They all harboured the same feelings, sad for their loss of loved ones and anxious for news. Al'ice had wanted to join the searchers they had sent into the night but Cooper demanded he stay, it was his final duty to Eldeen, to remain with his body.
Only Eldeen had known where he had sent them, the legend of the Elaich travelled across the land, some say the beast appeared in the lakes of northern England, others in the great lochs of Scotland, there had even been reports of sightings across the great sea on foreign shores.  The beast appeared to move around and no-one knew where it would strike next, only the willing victim knew when it was due to arrive, this the only one redeeming feature of the legend, the sacrifice given by the people of a virgin to quell the beasts hunger and wrath.
The sun was beginning to poke its head over the horizon, it was time for Tadge to leave, then he saw him in the distance, “Tilly, Al'ice, I believe we have a runner, he heads this way.”
Al’ice shot past them and ran to meet the young boy, after a few minutes of talk & gesturing he sent the boy back to the village and returned to the others, his face jubilant.
“They are alright, they are both alright, they have been sighted to the east of the mountain range and heading south, Gregorn has been sent to intercept them and bring them home.”
Tadge slapped him across the shoulder, “this is great news and just in time for I must return the girl’s body, how long?”
“They will not return until the sun is at its highest, they have travelled far it seems.”
“Then I shall return in time to farewell Eldeen.”

Jol had not eaten in almost two days, finally she had succomed to the exhaustion and collapsed as they walked.  Jez was getting used to carrying her weight now and lucky for him she was only of slight build.  He had walked for forty minutes, distracted by the beauty now cradled in his arms, twice he went over on his ankle as he walked and hoped she would wake soon before he did himself some real damage.
Something caught his eye up ahead, a man running towards them and waving his hands.  Relief at the sight of another was quickly replaced with fear that it may be one of the Celts, it may not be help that ran towards them but disaster.  His fear waned as he recognised the man from the gathering.
He had been in two minds whether to return, when Jol had finally spoken to him following the river incident, it was only to discuss their return and the reasons behind why Eldeen had sent them to the cliff face.  Jol had more than one score to settle with Al'ice and wanted them both to return home but Jez was weighing up the lesser of two evils, his new family or his grandfather back home, at least he ignored him and let him make his own mistakes, there were too many secrets with this lot.
They had not discussed the kiss, too much had happened, they were just both glad to be alive.  Jez thought about it though, he thought about it a lot and so had Jol, he could tell as she had blocked her mind so he would not know her thoughts.  He did not realise how it troubled her to know how easily she had returned his kiss, how it troubled her how close she had come to hurting him.
The man Gregorn had offered to take Jol’s weight but Jez refused, he seemed to have a habit of looking after this damsel in distress, as if it were his destiny.  Glad of the company to distract him from his thoughts, he was now able to concentrate better on the path ahead.
It was not until the cottage came into view and Al'ice had rushed to greet them that he reluctantly relinquished his hold.  The look of anguish from Ali'ce when he saw her face was enough to allow Jez to hand over his burden, she did not even stir, the evening’s events had taken their toll, she was out cold.
Jez allowed him to forge on towards the cottage whilst he dragged his heels, she was damn heavy after a while, his arms ached, his muscles tight.
As he passed the lush grass beside the river pool he collapsed and lay back on the carpet, the grass smelled fresh as he allowed the sun to penetrate his skin, he was very tired, too tired for the argument he was having in his mind, the argument he would have with the old man, but first he needed to rest.
Cooper thanked Gregorn for leading them both back home and gave him a drink to quench his thirst, she looked over to the pool and saw Jez collapsed on the grass.
“Here, I have kailch and crancakes, it is the best I could do at short notice, I shall catch you some fish, are you alright?”
Jez ignored her, he just wanted to be left alone.  Cooper was alarmed at the state of his t-shirt, it was torn and ripped, had he fought the beast, she could see dried blood on his chest.  
Parting the cloth for a closer look at his wounds he clamped his hand down hard on her wrist, “Leave it” he demanded, his eyes still closed, “Leave Me!”
Almost six hours passed before Jez woke from his slumber, he stretched and yawned almost knocking over the kailch Cooper had left for him, beside it a large platter of venison, fish and crancakes.  He looked over at the cottage and smiled to himself, grateful for the feast she had left him, she was no-where to be seen, 'Good' he thought, I can eat in peace.
Jez's appetite surpassed his hunger and every morsel was taken, not even a crumb left as he washed it down with the last of his drink.  Jol had made quite a mess of his t-shirt, he surveyed the damage and smiled, thinking of the wildcat attacking him as she did, he kind of liked it.  The blood had dried but boy, did she have some talons on her!  There was no point dreaming over what might have been, it was time to confront the old man, Jez didn't like being used.
“Where is he?” he demanded as he entered the cottage.
Cooper was sat braiding cloths to the handle of a large urn.  Jez reached across and pulled back the curtain, “Jez, NO!” she shouted.
It took a moment to register what he was seeing, Eldeen had been laid out on a wooden board upon his bed, his body wrapped in white cloth, the odd smell of incense wafted around the small space, circles of copper placed over his eyes and his hands placed together over his chest.  Cooper stood behind him, placing her hand on his shoulder as she closed the curtain on Eldeen's dignity.
“He is not supposed to be sighted until the funeral, I am glad you have come, I need help.”
Jez stared at her dumbfounded, he had come for a fight and now this, his uncle who he had known for just a few days, joy come then it is taken away.
“Where are the others, is Jol still sleeping?”
Cooper shook her head, the anger plain to see, “Al’ice is supposed to see to the arrangements, he is our leader now, the people look up to him.”
“Where is he?”
“Jol wakened and stormed off earlier, I told her that Tadge had given express orders she does not leave until he returned but she shouted something, well, unrepeatable.  Al’ice has abandoned his duties and gone after her, can you believe it!  As his second in command, he commanded me to deal with the arrangements, I cannot do this alone!”
So Jol would take their anger out on Al’ice.  That gave him some comfort, now that his opponent had up and died on him, no that was wrong, he could kick himself for even thinking that way, Eldeen was his uncle after all.
“Just tell me what you need me to do” he replied.

I found since arriving in this land, I was quite good at stomping off in a huff.  I had woken to find Al’ice holding my hand back at the cottage and I  wanted to wrap my arms around him and never let go.  But I’m so mad with him, I was so glad to see him but angry as well, unable to cope with my dilemma, unable to speak to him in that confined space for fear I would give in.  So I stomped off, I don’t know where I’m going, just letting the anger lead the way, I need to get my thoughts sorted before confronting him, so much has happened.
I find myself striding purposefully in the direction of the forest which leads to Kamerrean, it took all the time to reach the tree line before he caught up with me, 'Well, he's keen!'
Al’ice makes a grab for my hand but I pull it away, I refuse to look at him, I had nearly given in back at the cottage, I push my way further into the trees.
“Please Jol, wait, we must talk.”
I ignore him as the branches scratch at my arms.  I forge on leaving the strong essence of orange in my wake.
“Come back, it will be dark soon” he makes a grab for my wrist this time, I manage to wriggle free.
“JOL, this is stupid!”
Well that did it, there was nothing worse than someone calling you stupid, I glance up towards the tree’s canopy determined not to look at him as I fight back the tears.
“My name is Julianne, I am only Jol to my friends!”
Pushing further into the dense forest, I keep slipping on the ground, I left in such a hurry in my bare feet.  If I had time to think I would have put my boots on and my cloak or even better still I would have changed, climbing through the woods in these silly clothes is just not practical.
Al’ice stoops to break my fall, his hand brushing down the top of my exposed thigh, for a moment I freeze, the sensation stalling me in my determination.
'Don't touch me' I think, 'how can I stay angry if you touch me, get off.'
I saw the glow before I felt it as the invisible barrier enveloped my body, Al’ice could not touch me now.  The power holding the barrier makes me gasp for breath, I can see the opening above, the entrance to Kamerrean, there I will stop and face him.
“Are you alright Jol?”
“Jez please this is not the right time, I’m ok.”
“Al’ice is needed back at the cottage now.”
“Well I’m not stopping him!”
Another barrier I have to erect, I do not want Jez listening in on our argument.
I finally reach the clearing and pause as once again the view takes my breath away. Kamerrean, the land to which we all belong, for a moment my anger dissolves.  I turn to face Al’ice but he’s not there, had he not followed me all the way?  'Damn it!'
Whatever it was back at the cottage was obviously more important than me, had I blown it? No, he bloody deserves my wrath, I look back down through the  forest, it’s getting dark already, I will have to wait here until morning, without Al’ice and alone.
I walk over to the invisible cover which protects the illusion and touch it, it stays firm.  My last visit, here with Al’ice had been magical, he was so gentle and patient but then he had lied about my dad, 'Damn him!'
I could do with my emergency chocolate bar right now, for comfort, my stomach rumbles and I can’t even remember the last time I ate.  I try not to think of food, so he loves me does he? Well where is he? Leaving me out here alone, he couldn't even stay the pace, I thought about what I said on the way up, yes I had been hurtful over my name but doesn’t he deserve it? What am I going to do now? My fear of my anger and hutting him like I had with Dave at that party grapples with my sanity. I had stormed off for a fight and now I stand alone.  
I sit down and let the warmth of the sun calm my agitated skin, I won’t go back yet, couldn't go back yet, it was dark and that would be stupid, there's that bloody word again stupid, my emotions are all over the place, I’m like a silly schoolgirl.  I am a schoolgirl, what am I saying? I look down at my newly developed breasts, well I don’t have to go back to school, sixth form is a personal option but one I had wanted.  So what was the alternative, live my life out here with Al’ice by my side, hmmmphh! Like that was going to happen now, he is clearly upset with me, couldn't even be bothered to follow me all the way.  Do I really want that though? Every time he touches me I just want to melt into his arms, perhaps its lust?  No, I love him, I know I do, but enough to stay here in this place?  No books, no cell phone, no TV, no I-pod, no internet, no washing machine, no microwave, no decent food, no cinema, silly clothes, I look back down at the garments I have worn for the past 24 hours and shake my head in disgust.  Here I am hiding in the clouds whilst the likes of William Wallace roams the hills on the rampage killing Englishmen, I don't want to die at the hands of William Wallace.
I lay back on the rock, deflated as a shadow casts over my eyes.
“Looking for me?” asks Al’ice as he props himself beside me and holds out my half eaten chocolate bar, “peace offering?”
He is wearing his modern clothes and his hair loose, just how I like it, he is so handsome it’s infuriating.
I take the chocolate from his hand and place it on the ground between us, my hand shaking, my inner ramblings have zapped all the fight from me, “I don't want to talk to you” I manage.
“That much I guessed but Jez seemed to think you had, now what did he say, a few axes to grind.”
“Did he! Well you had no right talking to him about us and he had no right getting involved with our business.”
Al‘ice suppressed his smile at his fiery angel, “so you do wish to discuss matters?”
“What! Discuss matters, what the hell is that? You make it sound so official!”
“Jo......Julianne, please this is a difficult time, I have neglected my duty to be here with you.”
I can only glare at him in shock, “Oh! I am so bloody sorry to keep you then! Go if you want to, what's so important anyway?”
Al’ice turns away, he is angry I can tell as I watch his cheek pulse, his jaw held tight.  He looks at the ring on his finger, the one he must gift to Jez and speaks softly.
“Eldeen has passed, it is my duty as successor to prepare for his funeral, I left this duty in the hands of Cooper and Jez.”
Shit, that did it, what could I say now, why had I acted so stupid?  His actions were only to protect me were they not?  Ok so some people lie, but that is to spare the feelings of others, but he must have known about the beast, or maybe he didn't?  Shit! Shit! Shit!
Eldeen has passed, my eyes fill with tears as I break off a stick of chocolate.
“I don't like it here, this is the second time this place has brought sad news, here, peace offering?”
He took the chocolate from my hand and eyed it suspiciously, and placed it on the ground between us.
“I should be there now, organising my people, I am to perform the passing ceremony, for I am the leader of our people now, it is my duty.”
“I'm sorry.”
“Don't be, it is expected, tomorrow marks the beginning of a new era, I have responsibilities now, I cannot run away from them any longer.”
“Al’ice, we should return, I feel awful.”
He returns my look of remorse with his sad eyes, and smiles, tracing his finger down the sides of my face he plays with the ends of my spiky hair.
“You are not alone, I feel bad for the way I have treated you, Eldeen can no longer tell me what must be done.  I am so glad you are here.......alive, tell me what happened, I want to share everything with you.”
I shiver under his touch, “Al’ice I..........”
“Sssshhh!” he places his fingers against my lips, “no more secrets, no more lies, agreed?”
My resolve is broken, I think about my secret kiss with Jez, I can’t tell him, not now, it would break him.
“OK, what's passed is in the past, agreed!  No more secrets no more lie's from now on.”  
I am lucky he cannot read my thoughts as Jez does.
Al’ice put his arm around me and pulled me close to his chest, drowning me in his muskiness, I can feel the racing throb of his heart.
“Now will you tell me what happened with the Elaich? Tell me how you got the rash on your face.”
I raise my hand to my cheek and feel the rough skin, I shudder from the memory, my skin feels raw as I try to concentrate on healing as I had done before.  I feel the warmth in my palm and hold it against the rash, my skin is itchy as it pulls together, becoming smooth once more.
Al’ice takes my hand and kisses my palm.
“It is better although there is still a pinkish mark, a little like when you are embarrassed, how did you get this?”
The monster seems so long ago now, it bugs me how I keep losing track of time so easily.  I tell him about the beasts tongue and how the rough barbs dragged over my cheek and of the foul smell from its breath.
Al’ice plays with the torn silks of my skirt as I recall the events.
“Even the beast acknowledges your beauty, if only you could do the same.” he remarks.
I punch him playfully on the arm as I continue, my other cheek now glowing in unison, he is distracting, I look straight ahead as I concentrate on the creatures huge eyes pulling me in to read its soul.
“It's lonely, it is the only one left of its kind, it has tried to die but cannot, it roams the world taking nourishment from the offerings.” 
The thought of those offerings send a shiver down my spine.
“The Elaich showed you this?” Al'ice asks, tracing his fingers along my exposed thigh.
I bury my head back against his chest and feel the comfort of his embrace as I continue.
“I used my power to heal, took his pain, absorbed it, we made a pact of sorts, I must locate his soul and release it, it has been stolen, I do not know where, his magic will guide me, he will no longer prey on the innocent.  I remember a bright light and then waking with the lump on my head.”
“What lump, let me see?”  
Al'ice holds my face in his hands, “Where is this lump?”
I touch my forehead and search across my hairline, the lump has gone.
“I must have healed it while I slept, that's odd I could not heal it before, it was very painful.”
“Perhaps you needed time from expending all you energy with the Elaich.  That is why you have only been able to heal your cheek now.”
“Perhaps, do you not want the chocolate I gave you?”
“I do not understand the attraction? There are better things for one to taste.”
“What can taste better than chocolate?” I ask.
He pulls me in with those eyes and brushes his lips against mine, “this” he whispers.

Where was his angel? He had many questions, questions that needed answers, the wait was killing him, his body now ached all over and it was becoming increasingly difficult to hide his pain.  Only sleep dulled the pain and he was bored of that already, the only comfort his memories, hopefully it would not be long now before he remembered everything, he wanted the truth but knew it was holding out on him.
His body ached all over now that the feeling had come back but he did not complain, content to keep up the pretence as requested by the old woman. He could not say for certain why he should do this but he trusted his angel, she was the one comfort he had at the moment at the centre of his turmoil.
Why could he not remember what had brought him to this place? Many memories had flooded his senses, the girl, his brother, death and magic. His body sore as if he had run a marathon or gone several rounds in a boxing ring but that could not be true, these were not the kind of things he would do, for that he was quite sure.



Chapter 28

Clarintor eyed Jason suspiciously as she assessed the damage to her apartment, no stone left unturned as they say, at least her mirror was safe, he had made one hell of a mess, in the centre of the room the block of solid copper sat waiting.
“You think you are clever Clarintor, but you are not, it did not take long to locate the safe beneath the garage, do you think copper would stop me? You are foolish.”
Clarintor thought about her next move, ok he had located the safe but he needed her to open it, copper was like poison to a demon, he could not touch it but how could he bear to be in the same room without being affected?
“You are not aware of the legend of Jason? You are not as cunning as I have been led to believe, copper cannot kill me.”
“Then you cannot be a true demon, you are like me perhaps?”
Jason placed a gloved hand upon the top of the safe and caressed it as if to prove his point.
“I was created to serve the Grand Master, it is my destiny, I am not like you, now will you open this or do I have to force your will?”
“You are the seeker not a magician.  What can you do to me?”
He held his hand out to the side as if to grab an invisible object from the wall behind, her mirror shot forward from behind the invisible cloak she had used to conceal it and into his grasp.
“This mirror is extremely heavy, I do not wish to hold it for much longer, now what did you say?”
Clarintor shot forward and grabbed both sides of her precious mirror, hugging it tight, her reflection angered her, the infused skin where her left ear had been now a bulbous ugly mass, she pulled her hair across the side of her face to conceal it.
“I will open the safe, do you have to return with the eye right now?”
“I have my orders to wait whilst you pack, you are aware of your new quarters?  Good.  You cannot hide from the Grand Master, he has left you a timely reminder I see of his power, I take it the mirror will be among your belongings?”
She still hugged the mirror, unwilling to let it go, such a foolish gesture, she could have any mirror she wanted but she wanted this one, she had killed for it, killed many, it had sentimental value.
Jason nodded his head as if talking to someone, “yes indeed, I shall take your possession now and return for you and the eye, the Grand Master is assured of your co-operation.”
He took her hands from the mirror and she watched in horror as they both vanished in front of her, she had very little time left.
Pete's revelations had re-awakened her desire for power, in a moment of weakness she had released him from her hold, he had served his purpose, better to finish him once and for all but she had not the time.  The Grand Master was a force not to be reckoned with but if she had bargaining power then her future did not seem so dismal after all.
The forces within the ancient people seemed more like a memory lost than a revelation though and this troubled her, there were many things from her past she could not remember.  So they had come from a distant land and could transform into other beings, each with a hidden power and the disease that attacked them, something rang true about the disease as if something from her past had been aware of it, or even commanded it.  She did not have time to rake over her lost memories. Jason would return soon, she would not use the Dragons Eye for her next plan in case the Grand Master could detect from the residue what she had done.  Then there was the question of what to do with the young woman, he had commanded her not to attack the fallen one but had said nothing of his offspring, she had just enough time to execute her plan for the ancients, the young woman with any luck would perish with the others and she could store the powers and use them as a bargaining chip for her release.
Clarintor reached under the mattress and pulled out an old yellowed rag, she made a cut in her arm with her right index finger and allowed the blood to pool underneath her nail.  She removed a large bundle of notes from the rag and quickly began writing a message on the rag with her own blood.  Once the blood had dried she replaced the notes and folded the rag carefully, she rummaged around in the closet and retrieved a vial of blue liquid which she poured onto the bundle,
“messalage fornalorage, auctionellier, senden.”
The bundle evaporated under a puff of smoke and just in time as the flash from the adjoining room announced Jason's arrival.

The auctioneer was a pathetic excuse for a demon, he made his way through the underworld buying and selling, cutting deals here and there with the instruments of magic and torture he had acquired along the way.  His current position found him in the watery depths beneath Venice, a narrow canal hollowed and dried out for this very purpose.  He found the roman demons particularly despicable, the rogues eager to receive a bargain.  Occasionally a request would come his way, a chance to dabble in something more sinister or to steal the money and run.  His grubby hands caressed the silver he had acquired just the day before, the star attraction of the afternoons auction when a bundle appeared in front of him on the desk.  He looked around before opening it, these surprises usually came with a secret attached, a secret he could be killed for, if discovered.
His assistant was in the back chamber, “Creilus stay there for a moment, I will call you when you are needed.”
The auctioneer rubbed his hands together before unveiling the surprise package, ah, a bundle of notes, always a good start but at what price, he smoothed out the rag on the table before him and read the message written in blood.  It was not a request but a demand with more than enough currency to cover it, he didn't like these kind of deals especially the ones which ended with the words,
You will complete this task and quickly for I serve the Grand Master now and you will not wish to anger him.  Clarintor
He bundled the wad of notes into his jacket as the note disintegrated before him, he had heard the rumours of Clarintor's rise to serve the Grand Master, if this was indeed his bidding then he would need to act fast as he wished to keep his flesh intact, “Creilus, fetch me Degornian, I have need of the swalloni swarm again, tell him the deal is better than the last time and not a word to anyone.”

For the first time since my arrival, I slept soundly, no visions no dreams, comfortable in the arms of Al’ice with the knowledge that with his kiss I had not harmed him.
When I finally woke up I just lay there, studying the contours of his face, his furrowed brow, wishing I could probe his mind, know what he is thinking, what he is dreaming of but the only mind I can link with is Jez.
We had talked for hours about what had passed and our plans for the future before sleep had taken our weary bodies.  Al’ice had listened intently, my version of what happened with the Elaich and held me so close as if I would break. I could sense his pain of not being able to stop it or be there for me, I had wanted to stay there forever cradled in his arms.
We agreed I would stay with him and heal his people, whilst searching for a permanent cure then once the disease had been eradicated once and for all we could make plans for our next move, we could not hide in the mountains of Scotland forever.  Al’ice had consented to my request to return to my studies as long as every spare moment, every weekend, every holiday I returned to him and his people.  It would be the trial of our future together and if it worked, well he had asked if I, would  become his life partner.  This was a whole world away from any dreams I may have had just a week ago but in my heart I knew I could never leave him.
Reluctantly dawn came and we knew we had to return.  We walked through the forest, our fingers interlocked with mixed emotions, happy to have resolved our differences yet sad at the day ahead.  Al’ice told me the truth about Gran, why I had not seen her for so long.  As we walked I thought about Eldeen, for all his faults I had liked the old man, he was like the grandfather I never had and there is Tadge, my real grandfather, not like a grandfather at all and he is an angel and  a fallen one at that.  It’s just so surreal knowing when I see him again he will be carrying the ashes of Gran.
Jez watched as they emerged from the trees, they looked much like before when they had both returned from Kamerrean although devoid of laughter for the severity of the day.  A pang of jealousy leapt at his heart as he turned his back on them and entered the cottage, he hoped Jol would not enter his mind just now, he wanted a few minutes to compose himself.
“He has returned as promised at dawn?” asked Cooper worried by Jez's expression.
He nodded as he turned his back on her as well and faced the fire place.
Al’ice paused at the side of the cottage and drew me in for one final kiss of the day, “I must do this alone, I am sorry,” he traced his hand down the side of my cheek as he spoke.
“It's alright Al’ice, I understand, I will take my place beside Jez as agreed.”
He gave Jol one final hug, how lucky he was to have found the perfect partner, he would never let her down again.
From the front of the cottage Gregorn and three others emerged carrying aloft Eldeen’s body, as they passed Al’ice took his place beside Cooper who pecked him on the cheek and whispered “I forgive you cousin.”
As we walk she places Eldeen’s great cloak from the gathering around his shoulders and hands him the staff with the amber globe.  I walk behind him, he looks so regal, I am very proud of him, what he is about to do.
Beside me Jez smiles as he hands over my cloak and winks, “to cover your modesty!”
“Thank you.”
I pull the cloak around my shoulders as he adds, “I see you have tied your bodice differently!”
My face flushes almost immediately, he just can’t help himself, “are you not roasting with your jacket done up like that!” I reply.
“I could hardly attend a funeral with my clothes all torn now could I!”
I maintain silence, this conversation albeit private, is inappropriate. I stare ahead at the body hovering in front and beyond to the body of people that awaited our arrival beside the funeral pyre.
Eldeen was placed upon a large slab of rock like a table, Al’ice took his place at the head as the long procession came much the same as the gathering, each person laid an object on or beside Eldeen’s body.  The objects were an odd assortment of carved animals, buttons, feathers, flowers, braided cloth, necklaces of bone and the last, a large wooden plate placed above his hands, I wonder of the significance of such items, I knew that ancient people tended to be buried with their worldly goods or items to assist them in the afterlife, some of these objects had me puzzled, I try to hold a mental picture of what I have seen, when the time was right I would ask Al’ice.
In turn each person had bowed to Al’ice and kissed the back of his hand, before taking their place beside the waiting pyre.  When all were done, Cooper stepped up to her grandfathers body and in a loud voice began her lament,
“sanlous maich dearen, Venur moush vait, goolenda maich dearen, salender maich passien.”
Jez had no idea what had been said but she sang with much sorrow, he reached into his jacket and retrieved the small book, he fanned the pages until at last he found the very same words, well almost, Venur had been replaced with Panewa.
“Jez what are you doing?” came Jol’s concerned voice in his head, “the others are watching you.”
He looked up and saw all those eyes, “ahem, I'm sorry” he coughed as he replaced the book in his jacket.
Al’ice raised his eyebrows, a little annoyed yet bemused at his brothers actions, it made his next task more difficult.
“Jez, if you please, I have something for you” Al’ice motioned to Jez to step forward.
Jez looked questionably at Jol and then Cooper as he approached Al’ice.  Al’ice grabbed his arm roughly and thrust it into the air exposing his cascelet band for all to see and began talking in a loud yet commanding voice, Jez turned back to look at Jol as she shrugged her shoulders, she had no more idea than he what was being said.
Al’ice turned Jez to face him and bowed slightly, he nodded impatiently at Jez to do the same, as he did the people began to clap.
“What's going on?” he asked Al’ice quietly when their heads were bowed.
Al’ice motioned for him to rise again and as they did so he replied with a wry smile, “you have just agreed to follow me as your leader.”
Jez wanted to punch his smug face but due to the reason for them being there he nodded and smiled at the people, he would get him back later, then to his surprise Al’ice removed Eldeen’s ring from his own finger and placed it onto Jez's left index finger.
“Uncle wanted you to have this, it belonged to our father.”
Perhaps Jez didn't need to punch him after all, he could already tell from his pained expression that he had wanted the ring, no this will do he thought.  It was nothing fancy just a plain gold ring chunky in design with a flat red stone at the centre but it had belonged to his father, he loved it.
“You may return to Jol’s side now,” commanded Al’ice.
They watched as Gregorn and the three others took up their positions again and gently pushed Eldeen's body in to the waiting pyre, Al’ice held the amber staff towards it and began to mumble, Julianne wondered if he had forgotten the words when suddenly sparks flew from the globe igniting the fire.
We stand and watch the flames lick up and over Eldeen’s body, a thick mass of smoke lingering above as if reluctant to disperse.  All of Eldeen’s people bow and turn to leave the scene, they are Al’ice's people now and a terrible thought struck me, how many years would it be before this happened to Al’ice?  He had said time moves slowly for his kind, they do not age like others but what about me?  I had not thought of that the night before lost in my emotions, what if he stayed the same as I aged?  No it could not be true, he would have said something, no secrets, no lies, we agreed.  As I troubled over these thoughts I realised Gran was one of his kind and  Tadge is, was an angel, perhaps there was hope after all but the thought of living forever, an eternity, wow!
“Jol, Jol, come on we must leave.”
I am torn from my thoughts, “what?”
“We must leave” commands Cooper.
I look towards the raging fire, all the others have left except Al’ice, “Al’ice?” I call gently, he does not turn to face me, lost in his silent remorse.
“Al’ice must stay until the final ashes have fallen,” Cooper tugs at my reluctant hand, “you cannot stay, we must return to the cottage, Tadge has returned.”
Tadge stood in the corner of the room hugging the urn of Peruvian gold in his arms, reluctant to release his hold on Jesveril, he did not acknowledge us as we returned, such was his solitude.
I find myself staring at that urn knowing that my Gran is inside, no longer here to answer my eternal questions.  The tears well behind my eyes and release themselves onto my cheeks and I just stare at the urn.
Jez reaches across to wipe them away with his thumbs, “are you ok?” he asks.
He knows it’s a stupid question to ask, it’s just his fumbling way of trying to comfort me and that’s what I need right now, a comforting hug more than anything else, “hold me” I reply.
“What?”
“Is it too much to ask Jez? hold me please” I can hear the desperation in my voice.
Jez sits me down beside him and holds me close, he is too hot in the confines of the cottage and had pulled down the zip of his jacket, I bury my head against him and sob, my tears stinging his tattered chest.
Cooper keeps herself busy handing round mugs of kailch until at last she too slumps beside the fire, watching it slowly die in front of her.  The silent grief of the cottage is deafening, each one of us lost in our own reverie.
It was several hours later when Al’ice appeared in the doorway, the others like statues had not noticed his arrival.  Something caught his eye, Jol in Jez's arms both with their eyes closed as if sleeping, he stepped forward and gazed at her face, lit up from the gentle glow of her pendant, she must have used magic to ease their pain, suspend them all until it was time.  He marvelled at just how remarkable she was, his very own angel.  It was odd that the ring he had given Jez earlier also glowed as his hand held her shoulder tight, he had never witnessed the ring glow before, it was most odd.  Now, how to wake them all without startling them?  He lifted Jol’s hand and kissed her palm as he had done the night before.
I open my eyes which light up at the vision before me, the seconds pass before I realise I am in the arms of another. 
Prising myself from under Jez’s heavy arm, I look at the others, “what's wrong with them?” I whisper to Al’ice.
“I hoped you would have the answer to that.” he replies smiling.
I frown at him as I try to remember what happened, the silence in the room had bothered me, I wanted to shout and scream, anything but the silence but I didn't.  I began pacing, nibbling at the dry skin around my thumb as I did, I remember Jez had been a great comfort, I saw the scratches on his chest some were quite deep and I was alarmed at what I had done.  Al’ice looks amused as he watches me pace, it’s hard to concentrate when he watches me like that, my cheeks start to burn and I pace some more.
“Jol?”
“I'm thinking, I'm thinking, don't rush me.”
Finally I stop and face him as I re-enact in my mind what had happened.  I close my eyes tight, holding the triquetra tight in my hand, the glowing pendent fades as the others are roused from their slumber.  I glance at each one in turn to make sure they are ok, was it really me who had done that?
Al’ice places his hand on my waist and whispers, “you are truly remarkable, you must tell me later what you found so embarrassing.”
It was either the magic I performed or his touch but again my heart begins to race, I ignore it and smile at the others.
“It is time?” asks Tadge.
“It is time.” replies Al’ice.
At last Jez was going to see this Kamerrean they all talked about, Al’ice walked ahead holding Eldeen’s ashes in one arm and Jol’s hand in the other, closely followed by Tadge and the imposing urn of gold and then Cooper and him at the rear.
As they reached the clearing the others moved off to the side for the steep descent, Jez paused stunned by the scene before him, how could such a place exist? he wondered.
Cooper came to his side, “I forget Jez, this is your first time, she is wonderful is she not?”
He watched as Jol descended the steps behind Al’ice, “yeah, sweet as.”
Cooper eyed him suspiciously, “I am referring to our sister planet, our Kamerrean illusion.”
“Yeah, I know.” he lied.
The illusion canopy shimmered under the weight of so many occupants, Al’ice struggled to keep his composure, remembering the words Eldeen had taught him, until at last the canopy regained its rigidity.  He had explained to Jol during their descent that they would have to stand apart, this was not the right time to announce to his people their intentions.
They approached the golden river as the people sat and watched, Tadge stood beside Al’ice at the water’s edge as Al’ice began yet another long eradiction of what was to come.
I sit with Cooper and Jez on the grass to one side and find myself distracted by the figures emerging from the direction of the trees.  As they approach the solemn gathering, I nudge Jez to look but he cannot see them, I had forgotten he could not see spirits.  I nudge Cooper instead who merely nods in acknowledgement.
Cooper whispers to us both as Al’ice continues, “the spirits of those who have passed, they come to witness and greet the new arrivals.”  
Jez took her word for it, kind of glad that he did not see the spirits.
Tadge approached the water’s edge and lifted the lid to his urn, gently he empties the contents into the river, her image appears at the centre of the water, she holds her hand out to Tadge who kisses the back of it, she is a beautiful young woman.
“Gran?” I ask.  I had never seen photo’s of her as a young woman, Cooper nods.
Behind her from the line of spirits approaches another young woman more striking than Gran, they embrace each other in recognition.
Now it is Al’ice's turn, he takes the lid from Eldeen’s urn and gently empties the contents in the river.
I shiver at the thought, I've swam in that river.
“Have you?” asks Jez, “what's happening?”
I can’t help but sigh, it must be frustrating for him not knowing what’s going on, “Tadge emptied my Gran's ashes.”
“Yeah, I saw that part.”
“Well an image of my gran appeared at the centre of the river, she walked up to Tadge and he kissed the back of her hand.”
“Oh, I wondered what he was doing.”
“Then one of the spirits came from the long line which you cannot see and met Gran at the centre, I do not know who she is but she's gorgeous.”
“It is Venur, our Grandmother” whispers Cooper.
“Ooohh!” 
“What is it, what's happening now?” he asks.
It’s kind of handy having this silent conversation for once, I can explain what is happening without interrupting the proceedings.
“Eldeen has joined them, well I think it is Eldeen, he is very handsome.”
“What the old man!”
“He's not old now Jez, he is young like you.”
“So you’re saying I’m handsome eh!”
“Shut-up or I won't tell you what's going on, he has put his arm around Venur's waist, he is kissing the back of her hand, ooooohhh!”
“What, what is it?”
I reach for my Triquetra as I stare at the river.
“Are you going to tell me what's happened?” asks Jez.
I look at him, how his blue eyes sparkle and down at the ring on his hand, then back at the image in the water, “they are waving and leaving.”
“Is that it? What happened before?”
“My Gran is not leaving she has returned to Tadge's side.”
Jez looks at me holding my necklace tight and knows there is something I’m not telling him, “what's happening now?” he asks.
“They seem to be deep in conversation, hang on Al’ice has joined them now, he is shaking his head, Gran seems to be pleading with him, hang on he's walked away, he's pacing.”
“I can see that! What’s he doing?”
“He’s thinking.”
“What's he thinking?”
“I don't know!”
“You mean you can't enter his head like you do mine?  Interesting!”
“Who says I can’t, I just might not want to tell you!”
“Might not or can’t?”
“Shut-up!”
Jez turned to watch Al’ice as he stopped pacing, he his nodding his head at Tadge, he was nodding and agreeing to something, “Did Tadge just kiss her hand again?”
“How did you know?”
“Lucky guess! What's happening now?”
“She is returning to the others, she is fading, fading away.”
“Don't cry”
“I'm not, what does it matter to you anyway if I do?”
“It matters if you use my chest to wipe them on, they sting!.............Hey, Jol”
“What!”
“What's that in the trees?”
I look back towards the tree line, he was right, there is something, “Oh!”
“What is it?”
“It is the stag, he has returned.”
“The one from your dream?”
I shoot him a confused look, “you said you didn’t dream when we were in, well you know, you lied to me!”
“No I didn’t, it was your dream not mine, you were tired and weak, I didn’t want to bring it up.”
“Not too tired and weak to save your sorry ass when you took advantage of me though!”
Cooper turns her gaze onto the pair of us and places her hand on the back of mine, I sometimes wonder if she can hear our silent conversation.
Jez wondered what all the fuss was about then I sensed him wonder if Cooper had been listening in, my stinging remark had caught us all by surprise.
With my back to him now he places his hand on my shoulder,“look the stag looks at you, do you think he wants to see you, should you go over and see him?”
“I can't, it would not be appropriate.”
“What do you think he wants?”
“I don't know, but Al’ice says it is unusual for the deer to come so close.”
“It must be important, we should find out.”
“We can't not now, it's not the right time.”
“Look he is returning to the forest, will you tell Al’ice?”
“No”
“Why not? What happened to no secrets, no lies?”
“Jez! you were listening!”
“Only to that part, you must have dropped that barrier of yours for a second.”
“Only that part?”
“Yeah, hey listen, you're gonna have to teach me how to do that, it's only fair.”
“Excuse me, but I wish to speak to my granddaughter, my apologies for interrupting your conversation.”
adge stood before us, his sudden appearance shocked us both, could he hear our conversation as well?
“Yes I can hear every word, they didn't even have the decency to strip me of that power, it is most tiresome.  Julianne I do not want you to go anywhere or do anything until I return.”
“Where are you going?”
“I have been summoned, I must leave at once, promise me?”
“I can't do anything, nothing at all?”
“Well, within reason, you may still be in danger.”
“Ok.”
“Good and your hair looks much better, oh and when I return I have some news.”
“Tell me now.”
“I do not have time, I am already late” he smiles as he kisses my forehead before sprinting off up the stone steps and beyond.
“Good luck” I call, not sure where he is going.
“I agree” came Al’ice's voice from behind, “your hair is much improved, it does not get in the way.  Come on you two, now we return to the village, a grand feast awaits us as we mourn our loved ones, the time for sorrow has passed this will be a joyous occasion.”
As we leave Kamerrean behind, Al’ice is holding my hand once more, he whispers in my ear, “I promise no monsters tonight my love, no secrets, no lies.” 
He winks then and I smile sheepishly as I think of the stag back in the forest.

When he was awake Jez just wanted to leap from the covers and get his life back, but his angel had asked him to wait.
When he was asleep the dreams took over and drowned him in memories, memories which haunted him when he woke, some more obscure than others.
The glowing light which had blinded him at first allowed him to focus at last, the light radiated around a man’s body crouched down in front of him on the ground, slowly an image appeared.  As if by magic, the glowing man crouched over the emerging body as it began to solidify, the energy of life pulsated around him, his nerves tingling all over as the bodies eyes opened and it began to speak.
Jez had witnessed a miracle.



Chapter 29

My room is strangely quiet as if the air has stopped circulating and chokes on the lingering dust instead, my heavy heart pounds gently as I lie here.  I can’t even think straight, my wandering thoughts find nothing but the distant roar of Jez snoring in the next room.
I know Cooper does not sleep tonight curled upon Eldeens bed where Al’ice insisted she should stay, “you must not be alone tonight cousin” his very words.  Yet we are alone each one of us, Jez the only one to find comfort in his dreams, too much kailch I fear.
Al’ice, the man who had calmed my fears less than 24 hours ago, had shown me that emotions are not to be feared and that I can control them.  I wish I had known all this a year ago when the fear inside took over at Dave Jinson’s advances, scared of what he might do I had re-acted with unknown power, thrust him off me and tossed him aside against the stone wall of the garden.  I was lucky his pride prevented the others from knowing the truth, the truth it had been me that almost paralysed him that night, six weeks he spent in hospital before he was able to walk again and then only with a limp.  I didn’t feel lucky though, I was scared and had no-one to turn to when the whispers around school grew worse, my only escape the extended trip around Scotland dad had insisted on to help us move on with our lives.  Why did Gran not warn me before she left, I would have known to avoid such difficult situations.  I musn’t dwell on the past, Dave recovered thankfully.  I had hoped the move to New Zealand would help me forget, it almost had.
So here I am, a freak, part human, with the only family left in the next room.  Jez understands he is almost as freaky as me.  Cooper my great aunt, that seems weird but she is, has filled in a lot of the gaps, I am hoping she can teach me more as a friend than an aunt but our relationship has barely started, I still find her just a little scary.  Al’ice, my Al’ice, still seems odd falling in love with my cat.  My first real boyfriend yet it is more than that, our love forms a deeper bond, I wish I could comfort him tonight but he must stay with the spirit of Eldeen for now.
The wake was like being in a dream where you stand aside and watch what’s going on, see yourself taking part but as if you’re not really there.  I spent much of tonight playing with the little girl who I had healed at the start of the gathering, it was amazing to see her transformation, from the limp rag doll to the bouncy child laughing in my arms.  I told her the story of the three little pigs and she sat on my lap spellbound by my voice, not the words as she had no idea what I was talking about.  As I talked Al’ice watched, never taking his eyes from me as he sat on the opposite side of the meeting place, deep in conversation with the men, laughing at their many memories of their great leader.  I will have to learn their language, especially if I am expected to heal many of his people, our people.  I always knew I was different but never to the extent that I am, I’m glad I have Al’ice at my side to guide me.
I roll on my side and watched the flame flicker on the recessed candle, it knows I am not sleeping and refuses to extinguish the flame until I do.  I am supposed to be resting, gaining the strength to heal, Al’ice thinks I should try just one of the villagers first, I hope I can help them, there are 12 now with the symptoms, who knows how many will follow.
Tadge asked I do nothing until his return, I need to keep calm, so much pressure when I hardly know what I am supposed to do but surely an attempt at healing the unknown disease will be acceptable in his eyes, perhaps I should wait until he returns, I feel more confident in his presence.
I wonder what Jez’s plans will be? I have not had time to tell him yet of mine, he’ll be shocked especially after I pleaded with him to help me return home.  I don’t want to hurt his feelings.  My trouble is I worry too much, trying to please all of the people all of the time, Kate would tell me it’s time I pleased myself, I’m missing her already, this life of mine is just so unfair.
No Jez will find his own way, he still has the coming of age thing with Al’ice in Kamerrean, I hope it helps them to understand each other better but what if he tells Al’ice about the kiss, shit!  I always feel as if there’s a punch just ready to break the surface when Jez talks to Al’ice, he might just let his mouth run away with him like he does with me, I wonder why he’s like that?
Al’ice knows how I feel about him maybe I underestimate him, he does not seem to get jealous, he has this calm about him but I know he has a vulnerable side, the part of him that would never turn his back on duty no matter how scared he may feel inside.  He is so different from Jez, calm on the outside, no wait I remember when we arrived, that’s not true he was angry with Jez so angry he wanted to fight him.  In such a short space of time so much has changed except Jez, he shows his anger, says what he feels, speaks honestly but acts without thinking yet I know there is a depth to him.  What am I doing, comparing the two, why do I feel on edge?  It has been a strange day, the ceremony at the river, I think I would like to be cremated not rotting away underground for years.
The river, yes, maybe what I saw has confused me, I’m so glad Jez cannot yet see the ghosts of the dead, he would definitely have had something to say about that!  The beautiful Venur my great grandmother, I wish I had inherited  her looks, she wore the triquetra that Eldeen had given me, I am sure it is the same and when they were re-united side by side in that river, I saw how his ring and the pendant glowed with their touch.  Jez owns that same ring now, I cannot comprehend why Eldeen gifted him the ring, it should belong to Al’ice.
I love Al’ice so much but I can’t tell him about the stag, he was so troubled the last time I mentioned it and I don’t want to give him anything else to worry about.  I will ask Tadge when he returns, he might understand what the stag wants, why he appears in my dreams.
My hand absently gropes for my bag in the half light of the candle, I need my chocolate, my one source of comfort when I am alone.  There’s not much left, I shall have to make sure I secure a decent supply.  I can’t bear the thought of running out.
“What troubles you my love?”
Al’ice, how did he get into my head, has he been listening to my thoughts?  I look up as the wall at the foot of the bed shimmered like before, Al’ice is outside.
“How does it do that?” I ask him.
“I am not entirely sure, I think it is governed by your will, you must have wanted to see me.”
“But I didn't know you were there, what are you doing anyway?”
“Thinking of you, there is a matter we need to discuss.”
As I slipped from the bed and raced over to hug him, I remembered this time to erect the barrier in my mind, I had forgotten before, lost in my troubles but Jez was not going to invade my thoughts now, not when I’m alone with Al’ice.
I’m more aware of the wall this time as my skin prickles with the cold as I pass through, Al’ice has that look about him, the one when he is worried.
“Another matter, so official, what is it?” I ask.
Alice for once looks lost for words.
“Now you have me worried, what is it?” I place my hand on his shoulder.
“There are two things which I have been thinking of, the first is imminent the second not so urgent.”
“No secrets, no lies.......” I remind him, then mentally tick myself off for saying it, I try to hide my shame as I add, “you're not going back on that are you?”
“No of course not, are you?”
The shock and confusion is written all over my face, I avoid the question and pull his neck towards my face, gluing my lips to his, refreshing my memory of the night before.
“Never!” I manage to gasp when coming up for air, “so what's eating you?”
“Apart from you, you mean?” he replies smiling, “Eldeen made a pact with the Ferimiah, two witches who gave him the elixir which accelerated your growth.  The healing gene could not surface until you were eighteen, he thought we could advance that within you if he gave you the elixir.”
“Drug me you mean.” So that explains a lot.
“Kind of, it was added to the tea you like so much.”
“Is it addictive?” I began to worry, what if it harms me in some way, what if I become addicted, I hated watching Chris tackle his own demons.
“No, it has all gone now, no more for you” he says tapping my nose playfully.
“I thought the tea tasted weird lately, no wonder Jez hates it.”
I hadn’t got the shakes or become ratty, so it’s not addictive, phew!  I shrug my shoulders, “so I can heal now, what’s the pact?”
“To send you to the Elaich, where the beast would either kill you and eat you or gift you his magic.”
I can hardly believe what I’m hearing, Al’ice holds my hand to his lips, his caring eyes sparkle back, I think he is finding it hard to admit that he had known he might lose me.
“That's nice! Why didn't you warn me?” I ask searching his face.
“I could not, Eldeen forbade it, to face the Elaich and survive you had to be pure of body and soul.”
I understand his pain, how he could never go against his uncle, it was like a weight had been lifted from his shoulders now he had control.
“Ok, so why do these witches want me to have this magic?”
“They do not, they wanted you to collect it for them.”
“Well let’s just give it to them, can they take it from within my triquetra though, I don't want to lose it.”
His body tensed against mine, this is not a good sign.
“Is that because it binds you to Jez?”
“What?” 
So this was the other matter troubling him, he harboured the same fears as me.
“You saw what happened today at the river, I know, I saw the look on your face, the ring and the triquetra are united as one, you are bound to Jez forever.”
I saw the sadness cloud his eyes as he spoke the words, echoing my earlier fears, I took his hands in mine, “I don't want him, I want you, I love you.”
He raised my hands and brushed the backs of them against his lips and whispered, “I know.”
Of course I would be bound to Jez now, he is his brother so why all this confusion, I threw my hands in the air in frustration and walk towards the waters edge, “then why tell me this crap?”
“Because it is true.” 
Al’ice came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my shoulders, his sweet warm breath against my ear, “I was so angry when Eldeen made me promise to give the ring to Jez, it did not glow when I was with you but it glows when you are with him.  At first I believed this to be an omen but now I know how you truly feel it is not so bad, he is my brother, he is bound to us both, perhaps the binding has a different meaning from what I first thought.”
“Well that's good then, right?”  I try to push all thoughts of the kiss with Jez to the back of my mind, it didn’t mean anything, it had lasted what, seconds?  The truth could break Al’ice, I won’t tell him.
Changing the subject quickly I ask, “now what do we do about the Ferimiah?”
“The pact was that you will take the gift from Elaich to them by the fifth day.”
“Is it far, are you coming with me? Tadge said I shouldn't go anywhere or do anything, he is worried about something, perhaps the demon is still hunting me?”
“He is worried about the Ferimiah, he does not trust witches and neither do I but if you do not go then I do not want to think of the consequences, you do not mess with the Ferimiah, their magic is more powerful than ours.”
“Perhaps Tadge will return before then and we can ask him what would be best.”
Al’ice’s words were frightening, the Ferimiah could be dangerous.
“Jol, the last time he was summoned, we did not see him for a month.”
“But he said he had news, I can't wait a month.”
Al’ice held me in his arms, his people are such good liars, their only true fault, this truthfulness, no secrets, no lies, he found hard to bear.
“I cannot go with you”
“Why?”
“Tadge believes I am a liability because of my feelings for you.”
“What does he know.”
“I regret there is truth in his words.”
I can’t believe what he’s saying, he wants me to go without him.  I pull back from his embrace, “what!”
“We could both be at risk, emotions get in the way, I have spent years learning to control them but with you I am failing often.”
Holding my hands he pulls me closer, looking deep into my eyes, “my heart belongs to you now, it does not make good decisions when distracted in a crisis.  If you are willing to go then I have asked Cooper to escort you, she is a far greater warrior than I.”
“Do you think they will harm me?”
“I cannot be sure.”
“Great! I'm damned if I do and damned if I don't” I snuggle against his chest, “I don't want to leave you.”
“I am not happy with the arrangement either, but we cannot go back on our word.”
“How long will we be gone?”
“Three days, a day and a half to get there and the same to come back.”
“What will you do when I am gone?”
“I cannot bear to wait as before, I will try my best to distract myself and take Jez to Kamerrean, it is long overdue.  I will leave Gregorn in charge, he is the head of our army and a trusted friend.”
“Oh! I didn't know you had an army?”
“We used to, in case of attack, there are less healthy participants now because of the disease.”
“If I agree to do this, I must return and see to my father’s affairs, the lawyer will arrive in three days, but then I have promised to heal your people, there is too much to do all at once” I force out a sigh, the enormity of it all too much to bear.
“My people, our people can wait, there are none that will perish soon, you must see to your father.”
“Will you come back with me?”
“I may not be able, perhaps Jez shall wish to return?”
“This is so unfair, I don’t want to leave you.”
“But you must if you want to return to your studies as discussed, we have a lifetime ahead of us.”
We stood there in silence, savouring the closeness we have.  I want to ask him how long this lifetime would last, how long I should be expected to live but couldn’t.  He is so strong as he holds me against him, both staring at the water shimmering in the moonlight, I could stay like this forever.
“Al’ice, will you do something for me now?”
“Anything, my love.”
“Stay with me tonight.”
I had slept so soundly, I woke with a start, having no window in your room means never knowing what the time of day it is.  Al’ice moves beside me, he is talking in his sleep but I don’t know what he’s saying, he’s not talking in English.  I feel happy right now looking down at his face.  I wonder how long we have left until morning.  Afraid of waking Al’ice, I sit forward and hold on to my pendant, concentrating on the wall at the foot of the bed, nothing happens.  'I want to see outside' I stare at the wall and repeat my mantra several times until at last it shimmers transparent in front of me, the gentle morning hues tell me dawn is breaking, 'Damn it!'
Al’ice stirs beside me and opens his eyes onto my back, he sits up and kisses my shoulder, “morning already?”  
I can only look at him through misty tears and nod.
Jez was grumpy, his head was pounding from too much kailch from the night before, he was grumpy with Cooper who had begun busying herself with making breakfast, each scrape of the pot, poke of the fire and pouring of water, raked across the inside of his skull, he pulled the blanket back over his head, “can't you be quiet!” he grumbled at her.
“No, serves you right for over indulging.”
His muffled groans could be heard from beneath the thick blanket.  It wasn’t just the kailch that bothered him, he had tried to talk to Jol last night, he wanted to know what her plans for the future were, as if he couldn’t guess already.  The barrier to her mind was there again, she only did that when she was angry or with him!  Jez guessed it was the latter.
The door to Julianne's room opened and Al’ice emerged, he went over to Cooper and kissed her on the cheek, “sleep well cousin? I see you have already packed for the journey.”
She poured him some tea, “I could not sleep cousin, I fear this is a grave mistake, if only we could wait for Tadge.”
Al’ice took a crancake from the batch she had just made, “have the visions returned?” 
“No” she replied.
“Well, we can be thankful for that, if they do then we must abort the mission at once, Jol cannot be taken from me now that she no longer has a second chance.  If it happens you must do as we agreed, I will face the consequences with the Ferimiah.”
Cooper raised her finger to his lips and whispered, “sssshhh, Jez will hear, he is wakened.”
Jez pulled the blanket back from his face and glowered at her, “all that bloody noise you've been making and now you decide to whisper, just as it was getting interesting and look at you brother, yours clothes all crumpled, what happened to you last night!”
Jez knew perfectly well what happened with Al’ice and he didn't like it, he was jealous, he didn't like it at all.
Al’ice stared at his brother, he had a nerve, he looked like he had been dragged through a hedge backwards, Al’ice sipped at his hot tea in silence and dreaded their trip into Kamerrean, once Jez realised his true potential then he was going to be unbearable.
I stretch my arms above my head as I enter the other room to greet the others, wearing my t-shirt and jeans, “hhhmm something smells good.”
I wink at Al'ice, the gesture not lost on Jez as he groans and shoves his head back under the covers.
I look at the lump lying on the floor, “What’s up with him, hangover, again!”
Cooper glares at me, “Jol, we have to enter the realm of the Celts, you will stand out dressed like that!”
She hands me a large bowl of porridge and continues.
“You must eat, we have a long journey ahead of us.”
I stare at the gloopy mixture in the bowl and hand it back, “I’m not hungry, and I'm not going anywhere exposing myself, my jeans are just fine, I'll wear my cloak if it helps.”
Al’ice took my hand and we sat together, “you must eat, you will need your strength.”
I gaze into his eyes, lost in the sea of green, “I can't, I really can't eat a thing, you are all the strength that I need.”
“Bloody hell!” 
Jez threw back the covers and stomped out of the cottage calling back as he went, “Cooper, got any fish?”
Following breakfast, Cooper filled a large jerkin with water from the river as Jez watched. 
“So where are you going on this girls trip of yours?” he asked.
She placed a stopper in the neck and turned to face him, “remember our kalchai lessons, emotions Jez, you must learn to control your emotions, please whatever happens in Kamerrean, you must remember this.”
“Just what are you getting at and you didn't answer my question.”
She placed the full jerkin on the grass and gave Jez a tight hug almost knocking the breath from his body.
“Hey what's all this for?”
“I will see you in three days, enjoy your boy’s trip and remember Jez, emotions.”
I emerge from the cottage wearing my cloak and thick boots. Cooper rose to her feet and places the water jerkin across my shoulders, “you can take this, I shall carry the pack.”  
Cooper hoists the pack onto her back and turns to embrace Al'ice, “we will see you soon cousin, I will look after her for you.”
We head off in the direction of the clearing, Al’ice stands in silence.  Jez even thought for a second he saw a tear in his eye but then those emeralds sparkle so damn much it’s difficult to tell.
When we had left that morning the sinking feeling in my stomach was awful, Cooper had told me it was hunger pains and I should have eaten.  I couldn’t look back at Al’ice as we walked up that hill, 'don't look back' he had asked, it was a most difficult request.
The sun now high in the sky we have been walking for hours, Cooper walks in silence. That was fine with me, until now.
“Cooper can we rest, I'm tired.”
Cooper sits the pack down on the rocky terrain and looks about her, we had passed through the edge of our land a couple of hours ago, she did not want to stop where we could be detected.
“Do not sit, we must continue, take some water, it will help.”
I wince with pain as we moved on, my legs are heavy and the blisters are beginning to smart on my feet, I’ll be crippled before long.
“How much further, how do you do it? You have so much stamina.”
Cooper pauses to allow me to catch up, “I make sure I eat a hearty breakfast and do not waste my energies in the arms of another!”
“Do you not approve of Al'ice and me?”
She slaps me hard across the shoulders and laughs, “yes I approve, you have brought light to my cousin’s life, the complications are unfortunate, I am sure you will prevail.”
“Yes, it’s not the best circumstances I agree” I add picking my way through the rocky terrain, “I am sure we can make it work. How about you, do you have a special someone?”
“Once”
“What happened?”
“It was not to be, there has never been another.”
I want to ask more but guess she doesn’t want to talk about it, as we carry on across the mountainside, I decide to change the subject.
“What will happen to Jez in Kamerrean?”
Cooper stops to allow me to catch up again but she doesn’t turn, just stares ahead, “less chat and you will not drop behind so, we must make the next mountain range before twilight.”
I look up and follow the line of her finger pointing towards the next peak covered in snow.
“Do we have to climb to the top?” I call after her.
She doesn’t reply and I’m sure those blisters are beginning to bleed, at this rate there’ll be nothing left of me by the time we reach the Ferimiah.
As dusk fell I was so glad the slippery ledge we had taken around the side of the mountain led to a cave, our sanctuary for the night.  The air is thin making it harder to breathe comfortably, I’m sitting with my back against the cold hard rock staring at the entrance and waiting for Coopers to return.  It is so cold my cloak is not able to keep me warm, even with it wrapped tightly around my body.  I wish Cooper would return soon with that fire wood.  She warned me to stay back out of sight, I mean as if anyone was going to find me hiding up here in this shallow cave.  I squint at the back wall hiding in the shadows and can just make out carvings in the rock.  I have not seen such symbols before, they certainly don’t resemble any of the rock carvings I remember from school.  I wonder if anyone has discovered them yet, in the future, then I could find out what they mean.
It is so cold, I shove my hands under my armpits for extra warmth, I wonder why Cooper’s taking so long, I’m sure that’s my eyelashes beginning to frost over, where is she, it’s getting dark.
“Jol wake up, you must not get too cold.”
I open my eyes surprised at the sound of her voice and that I had fallen asleep, I never even heard her return.  She has lit the fire already and is now warming a leather pouch over the flame.
“What is it?” I ask.
“Warm kailch, here it will stave off the cold whilst we sleep, you should eat, I have crancakes and berries.”
I watch her undo the pack and unravel two blankets, she takes one and places it around my shoulders as I nibble on a berry.
“You must eat more than that Jol, you need nourishment to keep out the cold.”
Cooper begins tucking into the meaty venison leg she has pulled from the inside her own blanket.
I turn my head away and stare into the night, I don’t feel that hungry and watching her tear at the cooked flesh turns my stomach.  I shake my head in disgust and sip the kailch, it doesn’t really help against the cold.
Cooper sucked at the juices on her fingers as she finished and hurled the bone out into the night, it took ages before the bone made contact, the crack echoing across the night as it hit the rock below, so much for keeping quiet.
The fire between us burns slowly as Cooper pulls her blanket around her and curls into a ball.
“You must sleep Jol, if hunger will not kill you then the tiredness will.”
The blanket doesn’t help keep out the cold, I’m still shivering and not for the first time I am unable to feel my toes, there has to be a magical way to keep warm.
Holding on to my pendant I clear my mind until all I can think about is warm thoughts, the warm sun of Kamerrrean, a hot bowl of Coopers soup, a steaming mug of tea.  I felt it before I saw the soft haze encapsulate my body, I am cocooned inside my own bubble of warmth, my powerful thoughts have worked but I wonder how long I can sustain this comfort.
Sleep was a long time coming as I struggled to maintain the warmth, my mind racing with images of the last few days, were these my own thoughts or just dreams all mashed up from events.  I saw Eldeen flying through the sky with a salmon between his claws, he turned and smiled at me the fish laughing in his clutches, then there was Al'ice kissing me as he morphed into the Elaich, all slimy and wet, then there was the rough embrace of Jez as he pinned me against the rock, licking at the side of my face with his tongue, changing into a spider crawling over my cheek.
I shiver with the reality of my dreams, waking abruptly to escape them, if Jez had entered that dream then he would be disturbed as I was.  For only two nights I had slept well since arriving and both of those, undisturbed and spent in Al'ice's arms, only he seems able to exorcise my demons.
Leaning back against the cold hard stone I look out across the dark expanse around, it is eerily quiet here on the mountain.
A movement just above my head distracts me, looking closer I watch as the silvery spider emerges from a crack in the stone, its unusually large body much bigger than its legs.  I shiver, frozen to the spot as I watch its every move, I hate spiders, no reason why, they are just small and creepy.  I touch my cheek where the spider in my dreams had crawled, the nausea overwhelming, I can’t move as I watch the tiny creature’s legs shimmering against the moonlight, I am paralysed with fear.
“Jol are you ok?”
Oh thank god it’s Jez, so we can still connect from so far apart.
“Jez, it's so good to hear your voice.”
“There's something wrong, you are frightened by your dreams?”
“They were a bit weird, did you see them too? No, it was just a spider that frightened me.”  I could hear his raucous laughter as if it travelled across the night.
“Is that all, where are you?”
“In a cave, Cooper is sleeping, Jez, are you with Al'ice?”
Jez groaned to himself, even in these private thoughts, there was no escape, “Yes.”
“Is he ok?”
“Well thanks for asking I'm fine! Yes he looks ok to me”
“Jez I'm sorry, it’s just..............................”
“Don’t cry! Look I don't want to know the details, I'll tell him you said hi, ok?”
“No Jez you can't, he doesn't know about us.”
“Which part the kiss or the telepathy?”
“Jez, don’t tell him please!”
“Look I've gotta go..............Jol, be careful.”
The spider begins work on mending its silken web, repairing the intricate frost covered pattern, it moves swiftly darting this way and that, distracting me from my fear of what Jez will tell Al’ice.
I am reminded by a story once told in history at school in Salisbury, Robert the Bruce, King of Scotland had almost given up in his fight against the English, when sheltering in a cave he watched the efforts of a spider mending its web, this had inspired him to persevere.  How ironic, I have my own struggle ahead and here I am an English woman watching a spider in a cave in Scotland.
The spider suddenly drops on his length of silk to just above my chest, my breathing is heavy as I watch, not knowing what to do, too scared to move.  It’s only a spider I try to tell myself but it doesn’t help.
My tiny assailant spins round in circles at first before regaining its composure.  Its front legs pulsating, the spider falls in jerky movements until at last it sits there on my pendant, I feel as if time has stopped, my heart slows as I stare at it, my breath short and shallow.   Can it feel my pulse, is some kind of spider magic stopping my heart? It’s just sitting there slowly killing me.
That moment frozen in time, unable to move as I watch its front legs start rubbing together and then the back two.  It’s spinning its web quickly across the polished silver creating an almost curved addition to each point, changing its whole shape as the web and silver merge into one.  Once finished it moves jerkily back up the single thread until it reaches the final safety of its home in the rock.
My heart still beats, my own insecurities have deceived my mind, I look down at the triquetra which has now changed, the interlaced web appears like silver and has  joined the sides into a perfect triangle shining in the moonlight, my eyelids droop, then open, droop then half open, then close.
My nose twitches at the smell of smoke beside me, I open my eyes in search of its source.
“About time you woke up, handy trick that of yours, I could of used a little of that warmth myself last night.”
Cooper rubs her hands together against the warmth of the fire.
“I'm sorry I didn't realise I could do it, it's very difficult.”
I glance down at my chest, I hoped the spider was all in my dreams but I cannot tell, the pendant has slipped down behind my t-shirt,
“What is wrong?”  asks Cooper.
“Oh, it’s nothing.”
I could look at it later, the thought of that spider makes my flesh crawl, Cooper would only laugh at me.  I look up to the crack in the rock overhead where the spider had come from but can’t see it, perhaps it was all a dream but whatever, I can’t wait to be out of this cave and moving again.
“I must insist you eat some crancakes before we leave, you look pale.”
I’m not hungry, I’m more concerned with the pain in my feet, if we’re moving on I need to look at them and see how bad the blisters are.  Removing my boots I can see the sores along the soles of my feet and heels, walking is going to be agony unless I can heal them.  I take one last glace above, no sign of that spider and pull my right foot up across my other leg until I can grasp it completely between both hands, now to concentrate.
The redness glows, slowly turning into pink, the skin re-joining itself.
“You should stop before the skin becomes soft again, look at the soles of my feet, I am not troubled with such pain.”
With one foot done, I look across at the bottom of Coopers hard calloused feet.
“Euuwe! I can get you some cream for that.”
She laughs, “there is no need, come finish your other foot quickly and let us get these boots back on, see that flat rock over yonder, Kandaris Rock, that is where we are headed.”
“Cooper?”
“Yes”
“How do you say I love you in your language?”
She cocks her head and looks at me then smiles, “Ilch shielpashen du.  Now come on, we have no time for silly chit chat today.”
We are now taking it steady up the side of the mountain towards the Kandaris Rock, a large slab of rock which sticks out like a sore thumb, it looks out of place, like a table with no legs has been wedged in the side of the mountain.  The ground underfoot is more slippery with the morning frost and I’m struggling to keep up with Cooper.  As she pauses yet again to give me time to catch up, I notice her gaze transfixed on the horizon.
“What is it?” I call.
There is no answer, I trace her line of sight and can see a tiny black dot on the horizon, growing larger as it approaches, darting to and fro across the sky.  I am reminded of the starlings back home and how they would dance across the sky at dusk, collecting all of the strays until they finally settled down for the night in the trees.  But there is no noise like the starlings make, just a huge shadow cast over the ground swallowing up the landscape as it moves.
Cooper suddenly grabs my hand, pulling me tight into a recess in the rock and with her finger against her lips, motions me to be quiet as the sky grows darker with the approaching cloud.
Once passed, Cooper turns and whispers as if afraid we would be heard, out here alone on the mountainside.
“I do not have time to explain, you must climb up the rock and face the Ferimiah alone.  Face your fears and do not relinquish your cascelet or triquetra to them.  Good luck Jol.”  
Before I can question, she bends forward and kisses me on the head and then she’s gone, running back down the mountain.
What was happening? This shouldn’t be happening.  I’m not supposed to face them alone, the thought of that cloud sickens me, only something really bad would tear Cooper away. I am torn between the task ahead and fear of what the cloud represents.  Cooper was supposed to protect me, now I stand alone to face the Ferimiah, wherever and whatever they are.  Could Al'ice be in danger? My stomach spins out of control, can I really do this, should I do this?  I close my eyes, wishing none of this had happened, why does nothing ever go right?  I really only have one option.
“Jez, Jez, are you there?”
I hear his groan, “Hi, wassup?”
“Jez listen, something is wrong, there was a black cloud, Cooper seemed frightened, she has left me.....”
“What? Slow down, calm down, tell me slowly.”
“Cooper has ran after the cloud, it’s on its way to the village, I think you must be in some kind of danger, she told me I must face the Ferimiah alone.”
“What the hell!  I have to tell Al'ice.”
“Then he will know of our connection”
“He already knows, stay where you are, I'm coming for you.”
“Jez?”
“What?”
“Tell Al'ice I said, ilch shielpashen du.”
Jez left my thoughts and I double over, struggling to relieve my stomach of its contents but there are none, just the fowl tasting bile in my mouth.  I feel sick, really sick, Al’ice knows of our connection yet he has said nothing unless Jez has told him in Kamerrean.  I retch again and reach for the waterskin Cooper left me with.  How can I be so selfish worrying about myself when the villagers and Al'ice are clearly in some kind of trouble, I want to return, I should return but Coopers voice echos in my head, she told me I must face my fears.  I’m torn between worry for the others and fear of the Ferimiah, both the unknown, my stomach heaves again rejecting the water.
My hands have gone white and I’m shaking, I’ve got to get a grip on reality here, I’ve been sent on this journey for a reason, I splash water over my face in the hope it brings clarity.  The skies above are clear now, pure blue, no hint of the evil that has just passed through until I look in the direction of the village.  The cloud there hangs thick and heavy as it always does, concealing their very existence.
I begin to edge my way towards the great rock, stumbling over my fears, Al’ice will tell Jez what to look for, I should really wait here for him.   Now do I climb on top or sit underneath?  Reaching the precipice I lean back against it to catch my breath and gauge what would be the best thing to do. I am blinded by a flash of light as I vanish from sight.

Jez had woken drenched in sweat, it tickled as it poured from his glands, he wanted desperately to wipe it away but feared he would be caught, the sheets of the bed became damp and uncomfortable, he needed help from his angel but she was not there.
Keeping his eyes closed he tried to block his mind to his predicament and thoughts of the past came to him.
He was carrying the girl again, his muscles ached, his mind desperate for a sense of direction.  The damp air threatened his life, her life, as he laid her down and looked at her face he remembered her, Jol.
His heart flipped at her image as the air around them became thick, the swirls of red and green lifting their minds, entwined in the magic.
Through the swirl of shadows a soft voice echoed.  He followed the echo, searching for the source.  Left then right, in his mind he turned as the voice came from all directions.
Another mind had entered his, invading his space, he could just make out the thoughts, a soft voice talking to him, no to herself, but somehow he could understand.  Their thoughts became one and they both agreed both minds were searching for the other, I need your help, what should I do?



Chapter 30

Jez struggled to keep up with his brother, they were running through the forest of Kamerrean, he barely had time to notice the remarkable burgundy bark which changed shape as their shadows passed over.  The forest was dense and he marvelled out how adept Al'ice was, avoiding the obstacles as they ran.
“Come we have a journey of discovery to make, let us get it over and done with” had been his first words as they had descended into Kamerrean. 
Jez thought he was pretty agile himself and so far he was unscathed.  Suddenly Al'ice was gone, where was he?  Jez came to an abrupt stop, standing as time whirled round his body, his senses heightened he found his hearing had come alive, picking out the many sounds of the forest, his eyes moved in and out of focus as they adjusted to the surroundings, the slightest movement told him to look upwards, there was Al'ice high in the trees above, watching him.
“Hey what you doing up there?” he yelled.
Al'ice briefly broke his gaze and he thought he saw a flash of yellow in his eyes, it must have been the way the sun had hit his face.
“Your instincts are strong, come up I have something to show you.”
Jez looked at the trunk before him, he had climbed many trees as a young boy, there wasn't much else to do in his spare time on the farm, he grabbed for the first branch and climbed with relative ease.
Arriving next to his brother he asked, “What is it?”
“See that silvery line to the west, that is the Muneri River, it flows from the sacred golden river.  See how it disappears over the side of the mountain, there is a large pool full of carlarni fish before the river jumps over onto the next ridge to continue its journey, we go to the pool.”
Al'ice jumped forward onto the next tree, then the next, leaping like a cat, Jez considered for a moment taking the same route but imagined what Al’ice’s laugh would be like if he fell.  He gathered his bearings and climbed back down deciding the relative safety of the ground would serve him better, he ran off and hoped he had got the direction right.
Jez arrived at the edge of the plateau exhausted, only to find Al'ice already cooking fish, Al’ice had great stamina, Jez’s muscles already weary, he was ravenous.  The sun hung high in the sky as he paused for breath, bent double resting his hands on his knees.
Looking down at the fire he asked, “does the sun ever set on Kamerrean? I thought we had been running all day.”
“No and yes, we have.”
Jez sat down beside the fire, “what kind of fish did you say that was?”
Three bug eyes stared out from the ugliest fish he had ever seen.  Its scales were huge and looked hard like shell, it was about half a metre long with strange tentacles and tiny fins, the whole monstrosity a greenish grey as if it had been lying around dead for weeks.
“Trust me” replied Al'ice, “it does not look good I admit but the taste is phenomenal, here try some, you are weary.”
Al'ice passed Jez some of the cooked flesh, he pressed his lips to the meal, hesitating, he looked back at the bug eyed monster cooking on the fire, swallowing hard he closed his eyes and took a bite. The taste was fantastic, very meaty, it was the best fish he had ever eaten.  
He looked across at Al'ice who did not eat, “not hungry?”
“Yes and no.”
“I'm worried about them too, what do you think this Ferimiah will do if Jol doesn't turn up?” he said stuffing Al’ice’s portion into his mouth.
“I cannot be sure, they have powerful magic, unlike ours it is evil, they nearly killed Eldeen once, when we first arrived on this land.  Uncle was convinced it was they who sent the curse to our people.”
“Then why the hell did he make this deal! You should not have sent her, she could die.”
“Jez, do not make me feel worse than I already do, Jol is strong, she commands a great power within her, none like I have ever seen before, she will be fine.”
“Yeah! You just keep telling yourself that, so she has healing powers, will that be enough?”  Al'ice sighed, he did not want to have this conversation with Jez but it needed to be said, “I have connected with Jol, her grandmother was one of our own, her grandfather an angel, believe me Jez, she commands a great power within.  I do not believe her father is her true blood relative, Tadge commented on how even he was surprised at how he had managed to keep her hidden from his heavenly peers.  It seems they know of all those born with human qualities, as aliens we cannot be detected, it appears only her looks are human.”
Jez was surprised, “does she know this?”
“I cannot tell her until I can be sure who her real father is or was, I must question Tadge on his return.”
“Will it change anything between you when you find out?”  Jez asked hopefully.
Al'ice smiled, “I regret to inform you Jez, she will always belong to me, we are as one.”
Jez lay back on the rock and closed his eyes to the conversation, he had heard enough, Al'ice spoke the truth, didn't mean to say he had to like it.  Feeling full he drifted off, the sounds of the forest seemed incredibly loud yet each sound uniquely individual, his ears pricked at the noise, his nostrils devouring the smell of the fish he had ate and the water slowly lapping at the land.  He heard Al'ice picking at the fish, forcing himself to eat, he could smell the water, clear and refreshing it beckoned to him, he rose to his feet and took a dive into the pool, the waters cooling as he swam. Paddling strongly, he swam in circles mesmerised by the fish darting between his paws.  It would have been so easy just to reach out and stab at one with his claws but there was no need for now his hunger had been satisfied.  Stepping from the water he looked down at his feet, magnificent and powerful as he turned to look at his reflection in the water.
Jez woke with a start and removing his jacket, instinctively lifted his arms to inspect them, his skin had changed, underneath a large rosetted pattern could be seen as he checked his torso for the mark, they began to fade, blinking he looked at his arms again, the marks were gone.
Looking around he could not figure out where he was, the room unfamiliar, he lay in a bed, not alone for there were others in the room, all the beds had curtains for privacy, only his were open.  At the other end of the room he could see the back of a rather large nurse struggling with a patient as if they were fitting, she punched a button on the wall, several others rushed through the door to help, he turned away from the sight and listened to the patients pitiful cries.  Lost in the vision through the window of a grey brick wall, he felt trapped and alone, closing his eyes he clenched his fists in frustration and once more felt the grass beneath him.
Jez sat upright “What the hell was that?”
Al’ice had watched his actions carefully.
“It is what is known as the coming of age, only the flesh of the carlani can touch your inner beast and release it.  You have described as you were sleeping the image of the black pantherus, this is true, you have become the beast of the warrior mark on your arm.  Usually it happens the other way round, first the beast is released and then you receive the mark, but you are a unique case amongst our kind.”
“I can change into a black panther, you've got to be kidding?”
“Pantherus, not unlike the black panther you know of in your world, you will find this gift a great asset.”
“Okay! But what about the room and the grey wall?”
Al'ice thought for a while before replying.
“The carlani fish will only show you the truth, some of which may still lie in your future, I cannot explain how this is, I just know.”
“So did you eat enough fish, what did you see?” asked Jez.
“I relived a memory, chasing birds in Jol’s back garden, I recall that she did not like it when I brought her the gift of the kill.”
“Did you see anything else, the future?”
Al'ice frowned slightly, the image of what was to come, still etched on his mind.
“Nothing of consequence, do you remember ever having trouble with your eyesight?” he said quickly changing the subject.
“No, well not really, my mum told me once before she died that I was to look after my eyes, they were precious.  Apparently, I was blind for the first two years of my life, doctors tested me but could not determine the cause, she said that on my second birthday I could suddenly see, it was a phenomenon.”
Jez and Al'ice had been talking for many hours during which another feast of carlani fish had been prepared.  Jez was keen to experience his transformation once more, now that he understood its meaning, so much in life began to make sense, his incredible hearing and the hairs on the back of his neck, his warning signal.  He had pressed Al'ice for more information about where their people had come from, keen to know more of his ancestry.
As the day passed Al’ice became more relaxed and confident that the time was right for Jez to know the truth.
“Our people are unique to this planet, although we appear human we are not, some have already left to live amongst the humans.  Over one hundred years the powers will be weakened and lost forever, if we cannot save those who are left our descendants will become mortal, their powers diminished, thus relinquishing our species forever.”
“What do you mean, we are aliens?”
Jez recalled Eldeen’s words, he had an image from the alien film in his head, he hoped he wasn't going to turn into that!
“We come from a distant star that cannot be seen from here with the naked eye, our homeland is the true Kamerrean, a huge fireball threatened the destruction of our planet and our people, we could stay and face our fate or look for a way out and survival.”
“Is there a spaceship?” Jez asked warily.
“No my brother, not a space ship as you know it more like a large rock from the outside, the image of a meteor which transported us here.  We travelled along ions in the sky, the aurorae light.  On impact our ship broke apart, we were divided and many were lost in the great explosion.  Eldeen believed that somehow our father managed to travel south along the aurora australis, it is unfortunate he did not realise this until after he touched your memories.”
“Do you remember it well?”
“I was only ten earth years at that time Jez, a very long time ago, all I know is we were to be the first of many to seek sanctuary on your planet.  We carried a transportation device which once activated would create a portal between this land and ours, to allow the rest of our kind to travel here safely.  Unfortunately the device was lost on impact, we searched for many years, Eldeen believed it had disintegrated upon impact.  My memories are a little jaded, when our father was lost to me, I prefer not to think of it.”
“How old are you?”
“We have lived here for over seven hundred earth years, time moves slowly for us, if I were human I would be about twenty if my calculations are correct.”
“Jol and I have aged like humans, what does that mean for us?”
“Jol will age like me now she has matured and if my suspicions of her parentage are correct, but Jez I am not sure, others who have left us to live amongst the humans have borne children who age like humans, but then our father was one of the brotherhood, a leader with great powers.  The leaders have bestowed on them a great responsibility which affords them greater powers than their brethren.  Time can only tell.”
“The brotherhood, how many were there?”
“Eldeen was the last of the brotherhood, four souls chosen to lead our people to salvation.”
“Our father, he was Eldeen’s brother, were the others all related too?”
Al’ice smiled at this remark, Jez had misunderstood.
“The chosen ones are the brotherhood of the cascelet, they are not blood brothers.”
So Jez was not related to Jol in any real sense, this idea that had been holding him back no longer existed.
“Why did our father adopt you?” Jez asked.
“Ah! Jol, she does not like secrets therefore she cannot keep them, this is most strange” Al’ice shook his head as he tried to understand.
It was Jez’s turn to smile to himself, Al’ice had no idea about modern women and what makes them tick, truth be known, neither did he but at least he had a heads up.
Al’ice continued, “My real father was one of the brotherhood, my parents were both killed in a tragic accident and as a child of the brotherhood it made perfect sense for our father to adopt me.”
Look after your own, well that made sense, generations had been doing that for years.
“Tell me what good is it to me to be able to change into the panther, whatever it is?”
“The pantherus is your inner soul, when you die you will return to your true form, what you do with it when you live is up to you, it is your choice but know this, our kind do not use this power for evil, only protection.” 
Jez was staring at the water, not just any stare or daydream, Al'ice knew the significance of the silent conversation.  His blood boiled to the surface, for many years he had mastered the art of controlling his emotions until the day he met Jol.  His angel had broken his resolve, though no matter how hard he tried, he could not speak with her mind.  He was yet to become accustomed to these feelings of jealousy and fought hard to control them.
“Who are you talking with Jez?”
“I don't know what you mean?”
“It is alright, I understand, she does not want me to know, so it is alright for her to have secrets from me but I cannot keep secrets from her, does this seem fair to you?”
“I dunno, maybe she is more human than you think, how long have you known?”
“Long enough, what intimate secrets do you share, or am I to be kept in the dark?”
This could be his chance, his chance to get between them but Jez surprisingly did not feel comfortable with hurting his brother, he could tell him about the kiss but what was there to tell?  As much as it pained him, Jol had already made her choice. Jez wanted her to feel that way about him but until now he had tried to resist, thinking they were related but he could not force her feelings.  He looked at Al’ice’s pained expression, waiting for his answer, Jez was not a cruel person and no matter how much he wanted it to be true, he could not lie.
“We share images, and thoughts, we share dreams even but she has this uncanny knack of being able to shut me out when she wants to, if it helps they have stopped for the night in some sort of cave and she was scared by a spider, she was more concerned of how you were coping.”
Al'ice smiled before diving into the pool, Jez had surprised himself over what he said, perhaps his inner soul had changed him.
Jez spent many more hours running and climbing, testing out the flexibility of his new compact and well muscled body, the hair had just about receded back under his skin, he loved how his clothes would morph into the image so easily and back again, he didn't have to worry about ripped trousers and torn shirts like the incredible hulk. 
He marvelled at the landscape before him when he was suddenly struck with a thought, he began to climb back down the rock to his brother, a task more cumbersome in his human form.  
Al'ice was in a deep sleep, he shook him again and again until at last he began to stir.
“Hey I've just had a crazy thought, you know that fireball............”
Al'ice held up a finger to silence Jez he looked incredibly tired, lines etched on his face, he appeared much older than before.
“You had me worried, I thought something was wrong with Jol.”
“I can check in with her if you like? No wait hang on, I think something is wrong.”
Al'ice sat up and gave him his undivided attention as Jez nodded then shook his head for several minutes in silence.  “What is it?” he demanded.
“She says there is a dark cloud heading for the village.  Cooper is on her way and told her to face the Ferimiah alone.”
“What?”
“I know, I told her to stay put and I, we'll be there.”
Al’ice sprang to his feet.  “No Jez, if Cooper has left Jol, then it means my people are in a greater danger, I must help Cooper, you must go to Jol and keep her safe for me, I will show you how to get there, there is a short cut through Kamerrean.  We will be quicker in our animal form.”
“Wait there was something else.”
Al'ice looked even more concerned now.
“She said to tell you, iclh shielpashen du, I hope that is some kind of coded message or not what I think it is by the smile on your face?”

Pete's energies were fading fast, he had eaten all of the fungi and gained enough strength to return to his snake like form. He had licked at the dew on the ground but only managed to capture one small mouse to sustain him.  He was weak, weak from his final crawl to the rock, his plan to latch onto the next person who passed through, he only hoped he could survive the wait for their arrival.
The flash of light stunned him and he managed to grab hold of the material surrounding the beings body with his fangs.  As the man sped off he bounced around in the air behind undetected until at last he managed to plop enough of his body in the deep side pocket of the man’s flowing jacket.  Pete held on, sinking his fangs into the silk, he did not want to slide out as this person was in one hell of a hurry.

sanlous maich dearen,
Venur moush vait,
goolenda maich dearen,
salender maich passien.

The words echoed through Jez, accompanied by the smell of death, memories of his brother, the leader of their people, his rival in love.
Jez finally belonged, but did he want to?
He brought his hand up to feel the fingers on his left, where was the gift? His fingers had swollen, where was his legacy?
I have to get out of here, thought Jez, remembering Jol had restarted the will in his heart, how it beat just a little faster when he thought of her.  Her lips, full and wanting, her body pressed against his, he had to shake these thoughts from his mind.
There is another in the way, another who she desires.  The dull ache in his heart returned, he had to find her, know she was safe from the shadow walls.
She did not feel the same as he, did not look at him longingly as he did her but twice she had kissed him, twice she had wanted to, if all too briefly. Jez knew it was wrong.
The voice of the other came to him, breaking his thoughts...........



Chapter 31

At first I thought the flash of light had blinded me as I stood in the darkness, I can smell the damp fousty air around me and hear the slow trickle of water on the cold rock.  I reach out with my hands and feel the cold wet stone, somehow I have managed to get inside the rock.  Perhaps I leant against some kind of magic portal.  I do not want to die now, I wonder if I’ll go to heaven, I would see Tadge maybe, he will not be pleased knowing I have defied his wishes.  I don’t intend to die, I shall stay alert, the Ferimiah are in here somewhere and no doubt aware of my arrival.
As I allow my eyes to adjust to the surroundings, I sense I am not alone, “who's there?” I call into the black void.
My awareness of the presence grows as a small aperture of hazy light radiates out across the room, growing steady, illuminating my surroundings.  The cave is a perfect oval, the dank grey stone glistens with the trickling water, the crystallised stalactites hover overhead like razor sharp teeth ready to clamp down on any intruder.
I stand and watch the haze grow in the centre of the room, the tortured soul within confused and angry, intrigued and welcoming, eager and apprehensive, the split personality beginning to take shape.  The grey shape within the glow shakes violently until the edges came together with more clarity, from the shadow steps a young man, extremely tall, much taller than Al'ice, his features are sunken and grey like the void he has stepped from.  Holding out his long spiny fingers to shake my hand he bows his head a fraction, I shake his hand firmly, the greeting cold and clammy.
“Greetings Jannes Ore Luissen, the Ferimiah at your service,” he coughs into a blue polka dot handkerchief then stamps his foot beside the other like an officer of the army, “I should re-phrase, you serve the Ferimiah, do you not?”
I’m staring into those cold eyes of his trying desperately not to show any fear, so this is the famous Ferimiah who could not be trusted, I will need to keep my wits about me, “I serve no-one, I believe I have something you desire?”
The man steps backwards as if surprised at my resolve, he moves awkwardly and looks pale and sickly, a thin veil of black greasy hair clings to his scalp, his long dark cloak hiding his emaciated frame.
I follow his gaze to my wrist, the blue gems of my cascelet twinkling in the half light sending a diamond pattern across the walls.
I am startled by a sudden break in the tension, “Get on with it!” comes a voice from behind, I crane my neck but cannot find the source.
The man stiffens at the sudden comment and bends forwards to stare into my eyes, his own appear black and lifeless.  “Think back to your younger years, to a time when you were most afraid, think back” he commands.
My mind begins to fog, I feel my body sway as I struggle to focus on the situation, is he hypnotising me?
“What are you doing brother? Take the Elaich's power, we promised Eldeen we would not harm her.”
“Be quiet sister, there is much to gain from her, I can sense a deeper power within, I must know what it is.”
“Control yourself then brother, you always lose the subject when reading their minds, she must not be harmed!”
The man sniggers at his own private joke, he already knows his pact is no-more, he had watched the demise of Eldeen with great interest within the All Seeing Eye.
The voices distance themselves and I find myself detached.  I am picking my way through grass as tall as me on a nature trip with dad and Chris, the memory plucked from a distant recess of my brain.  I look at dad full of admiration as he talks excitedly about the different plants and trees, calling them by strange names.  I am fascinated as he explains the tiniest detail of each one, I don’t know what he’s talking about, I’m only three but revel in his dulcet tones.  Chris had lost interest long ago and skips on ahead playing war games, shooting enemy soldiers with his semi automatic broken twig.
Our peace is shattered when a loud crack comes from behind, the sound deafening as it arcs across the sky above. The ground begins to shake as the rumble approaches, the swiftness of the movement sending the grass swaying to and fro but as if time has slowed.  I turn my tiny body in the direction of the noise, fascinated not frightened at what it could be, a herd of deer are approaching and fast.  Suddenly I find myself hoisted high up in the air by dad, he’s shouting at Chris to watch out as the herd races past, he is shouting but I can’t hear his words.  The deer are racing, in such a hurry and do not care for anything in their way.  As one passes it skids to a halt and looks up at me in dads arms, the brown eyes of the doe, portray panic and fear, it’s trying to communicate with me, I cock my head to one side and listen as the scene fades to grey.
I’m an adult now, running as fast as my legs will carry me, running alongside the doe.  We are running for our lives as two more cracks penetrate the air around us, my feet buckle from under me as I watch the deer race off into the distance.
I must have blacked out, I’m coming to and raising my tiny head, I’m three again.  Dad rushes ahead to my brother’s limp body on the ground, a blot of red pouring from his leg.  I don’t know what’s happened but the agonising scream from Chris's mouth breaks the silence, I remember, he was shot.
I gag on the pain as my mouth fills with foam, the tremors take over my body, the second time in a week I have fitted.  It is hard to tell if this fit is for real or just a figment of my imagination as the memory bursts forward released from its hiding place.  I used to have fits when I was little, they stopped at the age of five but for now I am reliving the day when fear came to me for the very first time.
Once the calm returns, I open my eyes to the hard granite beneath my body, I am slumped on the floor, my hip smarts from the pain of falling.  My arm has grazed across the rough stone, the blood pricks at the wound from my elbow to my wrist.  I am vulnerable to attack, what has he done to me?
I am struggling to quell the fear welling inside as the man stoops over me and makes a grab for the triquetra, I punch his hand away as I grab the pendent with my other hand, my defiance returning at last.
“Stop it!” comes the woman's voice, “let me speak with the girl.”
The man glares at me with hatred in his eyes, caressing his wounded pride, he is so frail he could snap in two, it might come to that, I inwardly shudder at the thought.  He is muttering angrily to himself as he stands, I am trapped in a cave with a schizophrenic.
I pull myself to my knees, ready to stand as I look around for the kinder voice to reveal its location.  To my amazement the man turns his back on me and between the folds on the back of his cloak sits an abomination, a haggard female form hunched and deformed and stuck to his back, they must be conjoined twins.
She had witnessed the vision her brother had commanded, for he, the larger of the two was at last becoming frail and unable to mask his talents.  “You are a remarkable girl, before your powers began to manifest inside, your inner beast had already revealed itself, the glow within is strong, you are the spirit of gwenhwyfar, the hunted white deer, until now but a legend.”
During the vision the woman had entered her brothers mind and only now realised the true potential of the power of Elaich.  The power was not to separate them from a lifetime of pain as he had promised but to suck the life from her, his sister and destroy her once and for all.  They had been together for hundreds of years, cursed from birth they had grown accustomed to one other, loathing and hatred festering within.  Always the stronger of the two, he had at last become weak as she sucked at his life force, no brother she thought, it is my time to shine.
I am confused by her words, Al’ices words in my head telling me not to trust them, I ask the female, “I don't understand, what do you mean?”
“I wanted to touch it, take the power from within.” spits the younger voice from behind.
“Shut up!” she commands, “your charade has weakened you, I shall deal with this.”
I take a step backwards; the twins are arguing over me, I listen carefully to their words.  Although weak, I can sense the taller one wanted to kill his sibling, but she is now growing in strength before my very eyes, I must be wary as she doesn’t seem so kind anymore.
“It was no accident, you were hunted as a child, somehow for all these years you have been protected, just a legend but now the shadow hunts gwenhwyfar once again.  You are in danger child, the darkness is hunting you.”
Does she mean the demon which is hunting me, is that why?  I look at the Ferimiah before me and wonder which are the lesser of two evils? 
The wall found me as I kept edging backwards, the cold water wetting my cloak, I am supposed to bring them the power of the Elaich but now they are arguing.  The grotesque two headed figure in front of me is moving around jerkily, there is no escape.
The ground beneath my feet starts to shake, between us rises a stone pedestal through the floor of the cave, it has a large glass globe at its head, almost like a crystal ball of some sort I guess.
The Ferimiah fight for position, they stand sideways both heads facing me as they announce in unison, “You will give us the power of the Elaich.”
My heart is pounding inside my chest.  I will have to relinquish the triquetra if I value my life.  It’s just a pendent after all, even if it is a treasured possession from my great, great grandfather.  I hold it tight in my fist as I eye up my opponents, I bring the pendent to my lips and notice for the first time since my dream how its shape has changed, I had not been dreaming after all.   With a gentle kiss of goodbye I pull the chain over my head, perhaps I will hand it to the frail one, given the chance I may be able to wrestle it from his hand.  I approached the hideous form in front of me and turn towards the man, raising my arm slowly to hand over my gift.  He makes a grab for it and screams as the metal glows white hot burning his flesh.
“What have you done to it?” he hisses.
I am staring at the metal in my hand, my skin untouched, it’s hard to believe, only a slight tingle had passed across my palm, the power of the Elaich was impressive, he could not have wanted his gift to be passed on.
The swift movement of the female’s tiny hand sends a reflexive action to my own, dispelling the lightning bolt which she shot towards my heart.  My hand so quick I surprise myself but the jolt has weakened me, I cannot fight them forever.  My thoughts turn to Al'ice, I don’t want him or his people harmed, what can I do? It is clear now I cannot just hand them the gift.
The man begins muttering again, I think he is conjuring a spell, fearing another attack I speak quickly, “look I don't know why it will not let me give you the power, have you got something I can transfer the power into?”
They both glare at me as if astounded I even dare to speak, but they do not move, they are plotting, planning their next move, I have to think fast, get rid of this power before they kill me for it.
I step closer to the globe, they watch me silently, if I can transfer the power somehow to that and be done with it.
“Nooooooo!” they both shout as I place the triquetra on the glass.  This time I can feel the intense heat and snatch away my hand.  My pendent is glowing white hot as the chain dangles down either side of the globe, shining with the intense heat.
The female makes a grab for it but she too pulls her hand away in pain, all three of us watch as the silver light spreads across the room, too intense I shield my eyes from the blinding light.

Kroil had found the cross bow among the ruins of Clarintor's chamber, there had been no sign of her presence and he wondered what could have happened.  The place lay in ruin, many of her precious potions had exploded or fell into the deep chasm which split the chamber.  Once he had located his preferred weapon it was time to follow Tadge's instructions, if correct he would rid himself of the evil witch once and for all.
At last he found the protruding flat rock at the side of the mountain as predicted by Tadge, he could see no entrance ahead, it did not matter he would find a way, the need to rid himself of his demoness master drove him on.  Kroil surveyed the rock from below, when from the corner of his eye he saw movement to his left, something dark and fast was heading towards him, he stepped in to a crevice to conceal himself.
He watched as the huge cat approached, every muscle in its body could be seen undulating under the sleek black fur as it moved, Kroil was not sure if this was a rare occurrence in ancient Scotland, he had been unaware of the creatures that roamed the land.  The beast stopped a few metres in front of him, sweat poured from its head yet it did not appear tired, the alertness of the beast startled him along with the long white fangs protruding from its mouth.  The cat leapt upon the flat rock above his head, he heard the huge paw scrape at the rock and then nothing.
Curiosity got the better of Kroil as he stepped from his hiding place and looked at the protruding slab, dark magic was at work here for the beast had vanished.
Kroil leapt effortlessly on to the rock above, glancing at the granite before him he saw a mark where the beasts claw scraped the rock, he touched the stone and an entrance way appeared before him.  On his guard, he stepped inside and into a long dark tunnel, at the corner ahead, a figure disappeared from sight, he placed his hand around the bulb from the khlandra plant in his pocket and drawing the crossbow from beneath his jacket he pierced the bulb onto the copper barb of the arrowhead, it began to seep a silver liquid.  Kroil had been guarded enough to wear gloves, Tadge had warned him it was the liquid silver that would kill a demon, he followed the path ahead careful not to make a sound.
Jez followed the path of the tunnel anxious of what he might find at the end, he had tried to connect with Jol but he found the wall she had erected in place but crumbling, her power was weakening and that could only mean one thing, she was under attack.  Why she had erected the wall had puzzled him unless contact from the outside only served as a distraction, he worried about what tortures she had to endure.
The darkness closed in behind him as he edged forward, the hairs pricked at the back of his neck, there was evil in this place, he felt as if he had left it behind at the entrance but this could not be, for he sensed he knew they had Jol within their lair.
He used his new found power to find his way forward in the tunnel the extra sensory catlike ability an asset at this time.  Up ahead a bright light stabbed at the bend, he would need to be ready for anything as he rounded that corner, he changed back into his human form so as not to frighten Jol but now wondered if that would be the worst of her troubles as he stepped forward into the light.

I step back to the sanctity of the cold rock against my back, the light so intense it burns through my eyelids like paper, holding up my hands to protect my sight I had no idea where the Ferimiah were.  If they were controlling the light they seemed as afraid of it as I was, had I done a foolish act in a moment of panic not knowing if I would live or die.
I try to concentrate on protecting myself, erecting an invisible bubble around my body much like the night before when I was cold but this time I concentrate on blocking out pain, I project an image of Al'ice in my mind to keep me sane, if I am to die then he must be my last memory.
I did not hear the voice from behind, the voice that had entered the cave the same way as I, until strong hands grab at my arms from the shadows behind breaking my delirium.

When the light breached the woven silk, Pete took his chance and slid from the garment, landing with an un-ceremonial bump against the stone, pain shooting through his side he slid along the slimy wetness and into the shadows.  Pete felt weak and useless, he had no idea where the man had brought him, but the room buzzed with excitement and electricity, he winced at the bruise which grew rapidly across his torso as his human form returned, his bones crunching as they repositioned themselves, the others blinded by the light, oblivious to his presence.
He sat hunched, cold and naked in the shadows watching the light show erupt before his eyes, burning them but not enough to blind him, he already walked alongside the shadow of death, his eyes burned of their soul long ago.

I feel the warmth encase my body and wash over it with a golden calm as strong hands hold down my arms from behind, the silken voice penetrating my mind, “You are safe Julianne, did I not warn you of the dangerous company you keep? Did you not promise to stay put until my return?”
“Tadge.” I relax against his grip, relief at the sound of his voice, drinking in the sweet smell of lavender.
“Do not turn round, you can lower your hands, your eyes will not be harmed, we must face this together.”
I am so glad to have him there to save the day and then as a double present I look up and see Jez, high above the Ferimiah in a recessed tunnel I had not seen before.
Jez looked over and winked before lowering himself over the edge to drop down behind them unseen, with my two protectors surrounding the enemy, nothing could go wrong.
The scene had been very different the last time Tadge was here, the day he thought he had fulfilled his task of eradicating the Ferimiah but failed.  On this day he had attacked and rid the world of a great evil, the Ferimiah, little did he realise that the brother had taken the full force of the blast and beneath the trashed cloak that remained still beat the heart of his sister, too small to detect under the folds of cloth.  When the Great Tadge had left, she drew strength from the life force of her brother that entered her body when his own disintegrated.  Crawling from beneath the cloak she dragged her body across the rough stone and over to the hidden pedestal, she recalled the eye from its granite depths, absorbing the power from within, several days later she had woken with a new and pristine physique.
History was not to be messed with, no matter what happened in the past there was no going back to change it, the ordered rule from above, a rule that would be broken today to save his granddaughter.  His trial had taken less time than before and after a short deliberation his fate had been agreed, now history was about to be repeated his redemption to be rescinded as quickly as it had been granted for the sake of the ones he loved.  Tadge had no regrets, he had not been granted his greatest wish at the trial, a request that he dare not broach, if changing history in some twisted way gave him his desires and fulfilled his task from all those years ago then it was a sacrifice he was willing to take, if only Kroil would hurry up, he could not do this alone.
The Ferimiah were transfixed on the power of the globe, their All Seeing Eye absorbing the power from the triquetra, sucking it from the precious metal, they had never seen it glow so brightly.  The brother grew strength from this, as the only twin able to command the All Seeing Eye, his sister would never take his soul and he could suck the life from her forever, the only fly in the ointment stood across from him now, the Great Tadge, famous eradicator of evil.
Kroil had watched the beast transform into a man who disappeared from the entrance to the chamber below.  He moved forward to the space the man had occupied, he had no idea who the man was but for now his primary target was to be Clarintor.
Across the room he saw Tadge holding a young woman, his granddaughter he guessed, he checked the tension on the crossbow, the arrow head was primed and ready with another set to fire if the first failed.  He caught the gaze of Tadge and they both nodded in agreement it was now or never to execute their plan.
Tadge whispered into my ear, “ready, take my hand and we will rid the land of this evil once and for all.”
He lifts my hand and interlocks our fingers, he could not chance allowing the bubble around us to burst in case I am harmed but needs my extra strength to send forth the final blow to the Ferimiah.  Together we raise our hands and point them in the direction of the twins, a lightning bolt shoots from our fingers towards them.  My arm shudders with the force but Tadge holds me steady, the brother takes the full force of the bolt, his eyes wide with terror as it hits him in the chest, within seconds he crumples to the floor and evaporates in a pile of dust.
An arrowhead from a crossbow comes from the corner of my vision, penetrating the crumpled cloak on the floor, much to my surprise, as a hiss comes from beneath followed by a burning hole.
Jez who had seen the hideous twin attached to the taller one, pounces forward to withdraw the cloth, anxious to be sure they have both been destroyed.  The bolt from the crossbow protrudes from Clarintor’s chest as she pulls the shaft from its cavity.  Kroil re-loads a second arrow ready to shoot.
She stands, independent of her twin, all two feet tall of her in her hideously tortured frame, fear etched on her face as she looks to the one who has exposed her.  The hole in her body burns as she thrusts aside the poisonous bolt.  Raising her hands, she points muttering her final words, “deatherun pantherus.”
Jez shuddered at her words, even he knew they were meant for him, he watched as she shrivelled first and then burst into a cloud of dust.
Pete had heard all that was going on around him but never even saw the demise of his mistress, his eyes had stayed transfixed on the glowing amulet, watching as the power ebbed from the metal into the All Seeing Eye, the large dragons eye, the eyelid slowly opened and began to glow from the power.  From the first death the eye had begun to retreat into its hiding place in the ground, no-longer controlled by its master, Pete drew strength from the glowing power and did not want it to end, he stepped forward into the light his grubby arm outstretched for the amulet.
Jez knew he should act, Jol loved that necklace, it was her inheritance but Tadge still held her firm on the other side of the room, he would save it for her, he charged forward at the same time Pete’s naked body emerged from the shadows, his arm outstretched, grasping at the triquetra.
Kroil watched the scene unfold before him, Pete who he thought he had lost forever emerged from the shadows, dirty and naked as he leapt onto the globe, chased down from behind by the man Kroil had followed into the cave.  He would not lose him now, now that he knew Pete was alive he would not allow him to be taken from him again, he raised the crossbow and took aim at Pete's attacker.
Tadge had used all of his reserves combined with mine for the attack, he had just enough to maintain our protective bubble, long enough to witness Clarintor’s demise and the seconds that followed.
I lie limp in his arms from the exertion and watch in horror as a second arrowhead shoots towards Jez and the boy, unable to comprehend, who is the boy?  Jez is going to die, where is Al'ice?  I swear I feel my heart breaking as the sense of loss washes over me.
Jez enters my mind, sensing my fear as he falls forward.  The full force of his own body, falling onto the boy.  He stares in horror as he witness’s my own vision, the arrowhead seconds from impact, “Al'ice will find you,” his last silent message.
The chamber erupted, dust and debris filling the void, followed by an implosion which sucked all life away.  Kroil lay face down in the tunnel entrance, he lifted his face warily his brain still shaking beneath his skull.  Slowly as the walls came into focus he turned to the empty chamber, nothing remained only motes of dust floating in the half light from a newly formed crack across the back wall.  In those last few seconds hope had arisen only to be sucked away, his pupils burned as his anger erupted, where had Pete been taken with the others, to safety or the cloak of death?  Pete already walked deaths fine line, perhaps there was hope after all, he doubted very much that Tadge had met with his maker for the final time but the others he could not be sure.  If Pete had died he would never forgive the man who attacked him, better for his soul to die than be hunted by Kroil.
The globe remained, protruding from the ground as he sprang from his perch and wrenched the globe free from its pedestal, inside the globe a swirl of fluffy white clouds surrounding a huge dragons eye, the skin around it golden and coarse, he shook the eye but it did not open.  Kroil had finished Clarintor once and for all and lost Pete once again in the process, he would discover the truth, he would find someone to read the eye for him and lead him to Pete.

Jez had waited all day, and what a long day it had been as he was poked and prodded, it became increasingly difficult to not alert the doctor to his present state.
The half light of night eventually came and no sign of his angel, he began to wonder if she had been only in his mind.
Jez carefully undid the clip on the monitor, not the one that monitored his heartbeat, but the other one, the one the doctor had revealed would detect muscle movement.  He placed it gingerly on the bed sheet anticipating the alarm to go off, it did not.  The nurse was busy reading a magazine at her station, her back to him as he leant over the side of the bed and fumbled with the door to his locker.  Inside he found his jacket folded on top of his clothes and boots, he took the jacket and felt for the pockets, inside his ring, yes he still had the ring, proof that his dreams were real.
He searched quickly through the other pockets, where was the book, where was his cascelet?
The nurse checked her watch and placed her magazine on the desk, she rose to begin the 2am check of her patients.



Chapter 32

Jason closed the great oak doors behind him as he left Clarintor to her fate with the Grand Master.  At the centre of the polished oak table sat the All Seeing Eye, sleeping among the tumultuous clouds of the night within the globe.  Clarintor watched carefully the Grand Masters movements as he caressed the thick glass revelling in triumph at his latest trophy.  It was as if Clarintor were not there, lost in the moment as he was, like a lover gently caressing his woman’s skin, his fingertips danced across the surface, if it were not for the deep amber of his eyes that betrayed him, he would have appeared almost human.  She kept her amusement hidden when the eye refused to open on his command, the eye had only one master and that was her.
Without looking in her direction he commanded she approach, his spiny finger tapped impatiently scratching the polished grain, of the table, “You will command the eye to open” he demanded.
Clarintor edged slowly round the table until she faced him from the opposite side, her hands were shaking, any attempt must be successful yet she barely had time to master the art, only having used it as a contact to Pete.  This she knew was possible, her only option right now was to contact Pete although she had said she released him, he was still a puppet of her power, now to force the eye to reveal his whereabouts.
The Grand Master watched as she placed each hand either side of the globe, “No tricks, unless you wish your right ear to match the left, show me what you do, I will then decide if you are worth saving.”
Clarintor allowed her life force to tease the glass of the eye as she had done before, willing it to acknowledge her and open, seconds passed as her racing heart began to slow, the dense boom of the drum within her chest grew louder with each beat.  She could sense his frustration and anger stabbing at the air as she closed her eyes, the sweat beads of concentration evident.  She focussed on Pete as the eye reluctantly raised its lid, first glancing at the Grand Master then shooting her a displeased look.  The liquid within became cloudy, wisps of black darting back and forth, fowling the image.  ‘Come on’ she thought ‘don't fail me now.’
The image blurred into life, through the black void of the eye she witnessed the scene through Pete's eyes as the Grand Master leaned forward closing in to join her.
Realisation of what was happening gradually stabbed at her thoughts as she witnessed the dawn of her pretentious demonic birth but the scene was all wrong as her memories of that day returned.  Tadge had been the only witness, the one to kill her twin, she watched as his powers combined with the girl destroyed Marinus and could not help the smile that caressed her lips.  Beneath the cloak his heart stopped beating as she sucked the life force from her brother but in her memories, Tadge had left thinking his task complete only this time there were witnesses, lots of witnesses.
A sense of foreboding washed over her as she watched in horror the bolt strike her body, Clarintor doubled at the table, feeling the pain, ‘No this cannot be.’
The poison spread quickly through her veins giving her very little time to witness who had dealt the sickening blow, her body fought against her mind as it began to shrink beneath her.  The hideous laugh from across the table echoed across the room, amusement on the face of the Grand Master as he watched her demise.  This, the final act of Clarintor’s play a joy for him to watch, far more entertaining than dealing with her himself.  It took longer for the grown Clarintor to die than her former self, her eyes popped from their sockets and sat on the cheeks that withdrew into her skull, steam hissed from her clothes as the final remnants of her body crumpled upon the table, turning to a fine dust which soiled the polished wood.
The Grand Master frowned at the tarnished grain, she could of at least had the decency to defile the floor.  He began to laugh, a deep throated belly laugh cut off in the instant he witnessed Kroil wrench the eye from its pedestal.
The thick air grew with his anger when his eye vanished from sight, just a mark in Clarintor’s ash, the only indication that it had even been there, no matter, a minor setback, he knew where to find Kroil and the eye but would Kroil be able to command it?  Walking over to the waiting cabinet he gently closed the doors as his frustrations rocked the room, “JASON.”

The darkness rose like a veil lifted from a brides face and sunlight danced across my sleeping eyes, the warmth awakening my body to face reality.  Opening my eyes slowly it was difficult to focus at first, the pain in my back, stiff from the way I had been lying.   Reluctantly I stretch out my limbs, awkwardly trying to push my muscles back into life.  I feel groggy, like I’ve been asleep for days, knocked completely out so not even a vision or nightmares came to haunt me but I can’t stop yawning, the weariness evident throughout my body.  Lazily I scrub away the sleep from my eyes and blink against the sunlight streaming into the room.  The voile curtain sways gently against the breeze of the open window allowing the sunlight to chase at the shadows.  It must be lunch time, the sun sits high in the sky, I wonder what has made me sleep in for so long, I’m usually an early riser.  My tongue leeches itself against the back of my teeth, the inside of my furry mouth, dry as a bone and in desperate need of a drink.
With what little energy I have I manage to throw off the duvet, that’s strange, I’m still wearing my clothes.  I struggle to release my legs still numb with sleep and swing them over the edge of the bed, my wandering feet eventually finding my slippers.  Easing up I find myself yawning again as I pad up the hall in the direction of the kitchen, modes of dust floating before my eyes in the stale air.
Memories seem lost to me, I have no idea what day it is or why dad left me to sleep for so long.  The aches in my body tell me I must have been ill.
The bright light of day greets me as I enter the kitchen, the sunlight penetrating every inch of the ranch slider doors, I open the first cupboard to block out the brightness and locate a glass from the shelf.  In robotic fashion I close the door and shuffle over to the sink, struggling against the force of the cold tap, I can barely find enough strength to wrench it free.  The pipes whine and groan and with a thump the water splashes into the sink, I wait for it to flow freely, a habit gained after reading the warnings issued by the local council that old pipes contain traces of metal which should be flushed free before drinking.  I watch the cool water splash my hand as the glass overflows, I turn the tap off as I lift the water to my dry lips.  The dripping tap like a hammer inside my skull as I attempt to refresh my tongue now threatening to walk away from its anchor in disgust.
As I drink, my gaze wanders towards the tiled floor and a dark stain which lies there, what the hell!  To my right a dirty tea towel crumpled yet crisp next to the dustpan and brush filled with the crushed remnants of dad’s favourite coffee mug.  Ugghh!  He has left it lying on the side and not even washed the floor, he must have left in a hurry.
I place the glass on the counter top and reach for the dirty towel, I have to clean up the mess.  I lift up the dustpan and brush when something else catches my eye, glinting in the rays of sun, I drop them in stunned silence, the contents spilling once again across the floor as the shards of pottery clatter on the tiles.
The tiny studs on the small band of leather sends pricks of light across my face, I stare at the object, Alice's collar, the bell long torn from its ring.  The collar stabs at my heart like a bad dream as my legs buckle from under me I reach forward to grab it, wrapping my fingers around it so tightly my knuckles are white.  Alice, Al'ice, his image plays at the fringes of my mind, my beautiful Al'ice, my love, where is he?
I return to my room clutching the small collar in my hand, I leave the mess in the kitchen, what does it matter to me now.  The hollow in my heart grows throughout the afternoon as I lie there curled up in a ball, the past week’s events replaying themselves in my mind like a bad movie I can’t stop.
Only once did I move, tearing myself away from the images to relieve myself, a brief moment of practical luxury when a distant knock dares to invade my privacy.  Lost in my heartache I do not realise someone is outside, I do not hear the scrape against wood as a leaf of paper passes under the door, I do not hear the gentle footsteps on the drive of the retreating visitor.  The best bits and bad bits of the movie have left me torn and broken, my mind and body battered from the turmoil as I sit there on the cold porcelain, my puffy face and sunken red eyes staring into oblivion.
I am roused by my need to pee once again, no matter how sad, how hard the pain, bodily functions need to be answered, as I flush the toilet a slight smile creeps over my face as I remember that awful bucket which sat like a festering devil in the corner of my room in Kamerrean.
My smile fades, even the gentle flush of water cannot ease the pain, the ghost which stares back at me from the mirror makes me jump.  I look like hell, my face drawn and pale, my short hair clinging to the side of my head like damp towels on the bathroom floor, I have no-one, there is no-one left to comfort me.
I reach into the shower cubicle and turn on the tap, looking down at my clothes I don’t have the energy to remove them and step into the shower.  Even the shockingly cold water fails to break my spell as I will the pain to wash away.  The gentle smell of oranges grows as I turn the dial to warm and finally drag my clothes from my body, this is my natural smell, the smell that Al'ice adored.  I lean against the shower wall and drink in my fresh scent, what hope is there for me now, I close my eyes and return the dial to blue hoping the shock will cause a reaction, sending my dull senses back to life.
“Aggghh that’s cold!” I scream into the silence.
There’s no mat on the floor and I nearly slip across the tiles as I grab for the only towel on the rail, it smells dank and mouldy but it doesn’t bother me.  I have to get dry and dressed quickly, Tadges final words whispered in my ear came flooding back to me in the shower, Kate is alive.
The last few moments of my life in Kamerrean rush through my thoughts, Al’ice must be alive, Jez promised me he would find me, I punch the wall in frustration.
“Ow!”
I’ve scraped my knuckles, the reality I don’t know what’s happened to Jez or where he is, he just kind of disappeared with the naked boy in those dying seconds before the explosion.
They must all be out there somewhere, Tadge, Jez, Cooper and especially Al’ice, he must be alive.  Closing my eyes, I try to relax despite the pain in my hand, I can sense the calm, winding like a snake towards me, relax I tell myself and concentrate on that snake, come on, yes at last it is heading in my direction.
“Jez, Jez, are you there?”
Nothing.  Not even a hint in the distance, a new wave of panic flutters at my chest.   He can’t be gone, de..dead.  I would know I would sense his loss, even though I can’t find him, I know he’s not dead.
I brush my teeth quickly and ruffle my hair dry with the musty towel, I had forgotten how short it was and now I look like an upturned toilet brush.   My stomach rumbles, groans in protest at the neglect, now I’ve come to my senses I’ve awakened my body.  I grab some clothes from the laundry on my way to the kitchen and start dressing and searching for food.
First stop the fridge, woah! A bad idea, what’s that smell?  I hold my nose as the chunks of soft cheese pour into the sink from the milk carton, how long have I been asleep?  The bread was hard, scraping the mould from the crust I cut the loaf, it’s stale but not mouldy inside, I search the cupboards for something else.  Dad’s marmalade, urgh, I hate that, I hate the strips of orange peel but there’s nothing else, except tins of beans, spaghetti, packet rice & pasta. Dad always shopped on Sunday, he wouldn’t of had time............................I don’t have the time to cook I’ve got to check if Kate’s ok.
I pick out the lumps of jelly from the marmalade with a knife and slap it across the thick slice of bread I cut earlier, grabbing the front door keys from the dish on the shelf I run out the door, slamming it behind me.
I jog across the street gulping on hard lumps of bread, my stomach groaning as it eagerly awaits the not so tasty morsel, I didn’t feel that hungry but weak and my empty pit has to be satisfied.
I feel strangely nervous as I approach Kate’s house, I don’t know why, perhaps it has something to do with the cold grey look on her dead face the last time I saw her but Tadge wouldn’t lie, he must have found a way to save her after all.  After knocking, forgetting my bruised knuckles which now sport pricks of blood, I drum my fingers impatiently against the rotten door frame at the silence beyond, perhaps it was too good to be true or I suppose she could just be out.
There was a shuffling along the hall and a shadow fell across the small opaque window of the door, my heart leaps to my throat as the door creaks open.  For several awkward silent seconds we both stand and stare at each other with a look of bewilderment, Kate opened her mouth to speak just as I launch myself at her almost crushing her bones in the process.
“Jol, what the f..., is that you? What's the rush, where's the fire?”
I release her from the hug and stand back holding onto both hands tightly, I didn’t want to let go.
“It's just so good to see you, to see you alive.”
“Of course I’m alive, though I think I took something I shouldn’t have at the party, all I seem to do is sleep.”
She pulls her hand from my grasp and rubs at her eyes, “You look different, you’ve cut your hair! Oh man, Jol I don't know what to say, I heard about your dad, the police were round asking, if I knew where you and your Gran had gone.”
She pulled me back into a comforting hug, I didn’t want to let go, with the mention of dad came a stab of truth, I could of cried if there were any tears left but my ducts were like the desert.
“You ok?” she asks, rubbing my back to comfort me.
I wonder how much of what happened, she remembers.
She pulls back and leads me by the hand to the kitchen, “you wanna drink?”
My stomach groans loudly in protest, my stale bread clearly not enough to stifle its needs, “got anything to eat, I'm starving.”
“What, your Gran not feeding you?  I suppose with the shock and all, your hair looks great, I thought you were never going to do that?  God Jol, you do look like crap though, how do you feel?”
“Better now I've seen you, what you got to eat?”
I sit on the kitchen stool and can’t help but stare at Kate in wonder as my stomach continues to protest.  She shoots me a concerned look as it growls in anticipation and begins searching the cupboards, they didn’t seem to have much in them as usual.
Kate is walking and talking, it just seems too good to be true, the last time I had seen her, well it didn’t matter, here she was alive and well.  She hasn’t mentioned anything yet so I’m hoping she doesn’t remember, it would be just too much to explain and would she believe me?  She had looked so pale and cold the last time I had seen her with the ghostly veil of death, watching her now in the kitchen is just brilliant.
“Mum never bothered shopping as I’m supposed to be staying with you, remember!  There's a heap of eggs though, we've always got heaps of eggs, fancy an omelette? What you staring at, have I grown another head or something?”
“Sorry I’m just hungry, eggs are fine.”
“Sweet, how many eggs you want?”
“How many you got?”
“12”
“Then 6, 6 for me and 6 for you.”
Kate looks at me surprised, eggs were the one thing closest to an animal that I would ever eat but I didn’t eat them often, I’m not surprised she’s looking at me like that but I’m sooooo hungry, just how long have I been sleeping?
I watch her eagerly as she whisked the eggs, my stomach just wouldn't shut up, “hey listen, sorry about running out on you, Gran just turned up out of the blue, you know how much I've missed her and well I left a note for dad to explain but, well you know!”
Why did I say that? I can’t believe how easily the lie just rolled off my tongue but it is for the best I suppose, I’ll stick to the story.  If Kate knew what had happened to her since the party then she would question me but if she doesn’t then it’s best to lie, It’s just a white lie, a huge white lie but she would never believe the truth anyway.
The eggs sizzle as they hit the fry pan, the juices in my mouth flowing with anticipation, “Kate what day is it?”
“Saturday, I think, say, where's your Gran anyway?”
Saturday, Saturday, there was something important about Saturday, what the hell was it? oh yeah!  “Oh she's gone to meet the lawyer at the airport, he's come over with dads will.”
There I go again, my second lie, here they are rolling of the tongue like I’m used to it, Al’ice would be proud, no shocked at the apparent ease of my lies, perhaps my time in Kamerrean has brought out the difference in me more than I realise.  I mustn’t allow myself to dwell on what I don’t know, although my heart aches, it is for the not knowing, Al’ice is out there somewhere and he knows where to find me, I will see him soon, of that I am certain.  The lies, the charade are all for Kate's sake, I cannot tell her the truth.
Kate dishes up two plates of omelette, the saliva in my mouth ready as I grab my fork and stuff a large piece in my mouth.
“Hey watch, it's hot!” says Kate, amazed at my frenzied attack on the meal.
“No it's fine” I manage to mumble, oh it is good, at least my stomach seems grateful.
“Hey what happened to your glasses?”
I shrug my shoulders, “contacts, take some getting used to,” another lie.
I watch Kate pick at her food, she should eat, keep up her strength but I can’t find a reason to tell her why.  My best friend and I can’t even tell her the truth, it’s killing me but I have to protect Al’ice.  I can’t even invite her back home, how would I explain Grans abscence, this situation is impossible!
Kate thought it was great to see her friend in such a good mood, but wondered if she was in delayed shock, she had expected her to be in floods of tears especially after losing her mother and brother just over a year ago and now her dad.  Kate worried what would her best friend do now? She would stay with her Gran but would that be here?  No, she didn't think so, the thought made her sad as she offered her omelette to Jol and surprised when she took it, she wondered when she last ate.
I savour the last of the omelette and lick the grease from my fingers as Kate passes me a cloth, I have to know exactly what she remembers.
“Say, how you get on with Gregor at the party, did things work out?”
Kate jumped on the old sofa and patted the seat beside her.  I sit down and wait, eager to know what happened, what she remembers?  She does have a grave look on her face, perhaps she remembers something after all.
Reaching into her pocket, Kate holds out her hand, “here’s your stone, you can keep it, it didn’t work.”
For some reason Kate’s memories of the party are a little jaded and the stone bothered her, it was just a stone after all but when she placed it on her bedside table it bothered her.  It was if the stone was watching, calling to her, so from then on she had kept it in her pocket, hidden from view, she was glad to be rid of its presence once and for all.
I look at the unassuming pebble in my hand, the catalyst to everything that happened.  I marvel at how ordinary it seems, the cool polished blackness reminds me of the rocks beside the river in Kamerrean, perhaps that’s where it has come from.
“So what happened, last I saw, you and Gregor looked wrapped up in each other.”
Kate ran her fingers through her dishevelled hair, “to be honest I don’t know, I remember kissing him and then he pushed me away, thank god he’s not back at college next year and I don’t have to face him.”
“What did you do to him?”
“Hey, I don’t know, he was fine one minute, then……………..Oh!”
“Oh, what!”
Perhaps pressing Kate about the party was wrong, she had clearly just remembered something.
“He gave me a cigarette.”
“But you don’t smoke.”
“Yeah!  I know! It tasted funny, I felt sick.”
“Oh!”
This news didn’t shock me, Kate was always ready to try anything, good or bad!
Kate looked up warily, then gave me that cheeky grin of hers, “I met someone else.”
“Already!” now that shocked me, “that’s fast, where?”
“At the party.”
“Kate, you’re terrible.”
“No, not really, I was being sick in the bathroom, when he came to help, he was so kind, my knight in shining armour, he’s at Uni, he’s an American!”
My mind swirled in a sea of fog, the séance, what was that guy’s name, he was an American,“what’s his name?”
“Stanton, Stanton Baxter, hey what’s wrong? You’ve gone a pale shade of grey.”
I shake my head, “No just surprised.  When are you seeing him again, that’s if you are seeing him again?”  I need to know, if she’s seeing Stanton then I’ll have to tell her about the séance, I don’t really want to bump into him again, he’ll have too many questions.
“Hopefully on Monday, I’m going to catch the train to town and see if I can find him, I’ve got his wallet.”
“How did you end up with that, what have you been up to Kate?”  
I’m hoping her version of events is a little different to reality.
Kate began sniggering and snorted a funny laugh, “I have no idea, I remember him helping me, I remember feeling cold and he gave me his jacket, then after that nothing.  I woke up in bed at home, still wearing his jacket, I have no idea but I’m pretty sure he never touched me, he was too much of a gentleman.  I still have his jacket and the wallet was inside, I’ve been expecting the Police to be round charging me for stealing but they haven’t.  Boy did I get a fright when they came round asking about you, I thought my heart was going to spring out of my chest it was beating so fast.”
“Maybe he just walked you home?”
“Sweet, I hope so, I told you he was my knight in shining armour.”
“So you’re just going to turn up at Uni and give him his wallet, you’re either brave or stupid, I can’t decide which.  What Uni does he go to?”
“I have no idea, but man he’s gorgeous, I’ve got to see him again, he promised to take me to Vermont.”
“I thought you said you can’t remember what happened, you’ve only met him once, he could be a psycho or something, Kate you’re mad!”
“Yeah! but it’s kind of exciting.”
“You can’t just go off with this guy!” If only just because, whatever happened that night, Stanton had to remember something, or some of it at least, I should go with her, maybe meeting him won’t be as bad as I think.
“Maybe I should come with you, stop you making a fool of yourself, what if you can’t find him?”
“Then I’ll keep looking, it’s the holidays, what else am I supposed to do, you can come if you want?”
I can’t let Kate go off on this wild goose chase alone, god knows what strife she could get herself into, I nearly lost her once, I won’t let that happen again.  Think Julianne, think, I’ve got to stick to my story.  “I might be stuck with the lawyer on Monday, wait till I find out, I want to go with you, we can always go on Tuesday if you’re not in such a hurry.”
“I’ve got to work at the coffee shop on Tuesday, all day, can you believe it!  We could go on Wednesday but I don’t want to leave it too long, he might go home for the holidays or something.”

It had been a close call last night, Jez had only found his ring and this troubled him.
Al’ice’s features appeared in his dreams, he was laughing but he looked sad, a huge weight upon his shoulders, the fate of his people.
Jez saw himself hand over the book, allowing Al’ice to savour their fathers words as they discussed Eldeen’s scrolls.  Why had Jez been so kind when his brother had what he truly wanted, what he craved and desired.
The burgundy trees of Kamerrean closed in around him, he was trapped, trapped from the light, his senses dulled as the shadows came to take him.  Slipping away into the darkness Jez woke suddenly as the huge mouth roared in front of his eyes, its fangs ready and sharp.
His movement so sudden he set off the alarm, he heard the footsteps first before the figures came into focus at the foot of his bed.
Oh Crap!



Chapter 33

I eventually prized myself away from Kate, it was hard explaining why she couldn’t come back with me, I wanted to stay for longer but it would have only meant more lies.  It was hard enough convincing her to stay away from the house for now, it was so damn frustrating having all this knowledge and no-one to share it with.  Kate’s talk of the party had made it obvious she had no recollection of what happened but the memories could still be there, hidden in the deep recesses waiting for anything to re-awaken them, what would she do if that happened?  What would I say?  I would love to tell her the truth but how do I explain how I thought she was dead, how I gave the gift to a boy I didn’t even know.  I hate lying to her but for now I have no option, at least Kate is alive.
I look down as I open the front door and find a note, it was from the Police, they want to meet with me and Gran, I can’t do this!
Instinctively I reach for my pendent for comfort, in the despondent gloom earlier I had forgotten all about it, how could I?  I had become to rely on the power of the triquetra, how it helped me to control my own, how had I forgotten all about it.  Those last moments flash before my eyes, the necklace draped over the globe as Jez made a grab for it before the boy.  Who was that boy anyway?  Where had he come from?
Leaning against the wall I close my eyes on my dilemma, my heart is drumming uncontrollably in my chest, the pressure will surely be too much, where are all the others now when I need them?
A shuffle from the other room interrupts my panic.   “Who is it? Who’s there?”  I whisper, to afraid to shout.
No-one answers, Shit! Do I have a burglar now on top of everything else? I didn’t check if all the doors were locked when I left.  I could creep along the hall to my room and grab my cell phone but who do I ring, the Police? Maybe not such a good idea, they’ll have too many questions, besides my phones in my bag, I left that behind in my other room, in ancient Scotland.
I can see through the window of the back door from where I’m standing by the laundry, the ranch slider is wide open, I don’t remember it being open before but I suppose it could have been I hadn’t really been paying too much attention.  My thoughts are racing, what if it’s not a burglar, what if it’s a killer, what if it’s the demon?  I silently slump to the floor out of sight, perhaps it’s Al’ice?  My heart leaps, come on Julianne, get a grip, he would not hide in the shadows.
I begin crawling back towards the front door and take the door on the right to the dining room which leads into the open plan living room/kitchen.  If I can just get to the sliding glass doors and peek through, then I might see what I’m dealing with.
A week or so ago I would have not been so brave or stupid but a lots happened since then.  I’m on my hands and knees and crawling along the edge of the wall, the dining table and chairs are to my left, covered in dads new books for the shop and piles of old ones he couldn’t bear to chuck.  Just as I reach the edge of the open glass doors, I flinch as the TV flicks on, whoever it is they plan on staying put, I edge forward and peek around the edge, the glass doing nothing to hide my body.  I can see the side of a body sitting in dad’s arm chair.  I don’t know who it is.
Am arm reaches out towards a glass of water on the side table, blood drips from the exposed skin, my scream betrays my presence.
The cracked voice calls out in the silence that follows, “Jol, Jol is that you child?”
That voice has me scrambling to my feet and rushing forward, my visitor sits, a broken form, crippled, burned and bleeding in the chair.
“Where have you been child, I waited, I need your help” pleads Cooper.
“Oh my god, what happened, look at you, let me get you some bandages.”
Cooper catches my arm in a tight grip, “No bandages child, your hands, you must use your hands.”
Gulping back the bile, I look at her chest, her bodice and flesh ripped open, exposing muscle and ribs, I don’t know where to begin, not without my triquetra.
Cooper tugs on my arm and forces my hand into the wound, through gritted teeth she snarls at me, “do it now child before I bleed to death.”
I close my eyes to hide my tears and place both palms onto the wound, Coopers soft, warm flesh, hot and sticky to the touch.  I try to concentrate, search for the snake like calm to wash over me, here it comes, faster than before.  The congealing blood begins to run freely through my fingers as it dilutes, escaping the wound as the cavity creeps shut.  I raise my hands a fraction when I feel the skin begin to knit back together.  Opening my eyes I survey the damage, Coopers elbow sits at an odd angle, I place both hands either side of the joint and start the process again, with a crunch and groan from my patient I can only hope the bone has rejoined properly.  I don’t know where my confidence has come from, I used to hate the sight of blood, yet through the bloodied skin on her leg I can tell the bone beneath is shattered, I am feeling weak already and there is still her face to fix.
Cooper has closed her eyes, the white scarring on her chest puckers, her breaths short and shallow, she is still alive at least.  It sickens me to see the state she is in, it must have been the flying beasts she chased back to the village.  Al’ice, oh my god Al’ice, he sent Jez to help me he must have returned to the village.  I stare at her leg, I mustn’t think the worst, there is still a lot of work to do here.
The power ebbs from my fingertips as they dance across her leg, my great aunts amazonian body destroyed and her face, once so beautiful is now covered in huge welts, pus infecting her skin.
My crude attempt at healing so many injuries is taking its toll, I do not fly across the room as I did when healing Dallon, I just collapse, the life sucked out of me, my  energies drained, there is nothing more I can do.
I wake to the chinking of cups, I am lying on the sofa, the first thing I see, the dark stain on the floor beside the chair.  The large blot of hazy blood stares back, the chair now empty of the gross memories, I raise my head in search of Cooper, my head is throbbing and I cannot focus.
Cooper hobbles over towards me, “I’ll clean that up in a bit, first I need tea.”  She places a mug of steaming tea on the coffee table, I can’t help but stare back at the hazy yet horrific image in front of me, the healing process would be long and have to take its natural path.
“Are you ok? I mean you should be resting not making tea.”
She sits beside me and dismisses my comment with a wave, “I am as strong as an ox girl, not a bad job you have done child, ok so now I have a limp and a tightness in my chest as I breathe and a face and body that have seen better days, but I am alive.  I have even placated the Police, I saw the note, took me a while to remember how to work that damn phone contraption but I have explained what happened, they seem happy enough, told them we have both gone down with the flu, so they’ll not be round to bother us.  I have the number for the solicitor, he will be staying in town for now, says he’s off to see the sights of Wellywood and we are to call when we are ready.  I believe he is using this trip as an all expenses paid holiday can you believe!”
I realise my mouth is wide open as I watch in wonder as she prattles on as if nothing bad has happened, here she is larger than life and putting all our troubles to rights with a mug of tea!  I can barely stand to look at her face, the once statuesque beauty, now half of her face a mess, white and puckered from the burn.
“Cooper, what happened?”
“The winged beasts sent from the fiery depths of hell?  I do not wish to recall.”
“Cooper I must know, is Al’ice ok, did you see him?”
She downs the last of her drink, avoiding my question.  “This is a truly awful mixture, this is not tea!”
My stomach flips as my tea returns to the air, bringing with it the omelette from earlier, the putrid smell exacerbating my aching head.
Cooper begins rubbing the small of my back, “I believe he is alive, yes, though where he is I cannot say, we parted, broken but alive, he sent me to you, said he had to collect Eldeen’s scrolls first, whatever they are!”
“So he’s alright, he’ll be here soon.”
Cooper winces as she pulls me close to her, trying to give comfort, “I hope so child, I hope so.”
There was something lost and foreign in her statement which seemed to echo my fears, in my heart Al’ice is alive but the ache and longing feeds my anxiety, did he look like Cooper, was he lying alone, broken and dying.  No she said he is alive but I can’t rid myself of the nagging doubt that he is still in danger and that it will be a very long time before I see him again.
I look up into Coopers eyes, they were lost in the distance, hope did not linger, only despair and from the acrid depths of my heart came more tears, after all we had been through I could not lose him now.
I didn’t like the train journey into Wellington, it seemed to take ages, too much time to dwell on things.  The return journey was even worse, I am drained from the days experience.
Mr. Croyden seemed like a nice man, he spoke in a monotone voice devoid of emotion, turns out he had worked with mum on several cases.  So I inherited everything, not really a surprise really as I’m the only one left, the surprise was just how much it all added up to.  A sizeable sum from mums estate, the house is already paid for it seems and dad had the foresight to buy it in my name, the only real problem I have is his bookshop.  The lease is paid up until the end of January, after that I have a big decision to make, what to do with the business, by all accounts it is not doing so well.  Do I really want to run a business with another year of college to do?  If not I will have to pour over the antique books and decide which to keep before selling the rest off at auction.  At least it’s something to concentrate on for now until school starts up again, anything to keep me from worrying all day long and Kate might even give me a hand.
I rest my temple against the window of the train as the tracks of my tears streak my face, the beautiful scenery a blur.  In my lap sits the plain metal urn which now houses my dad, I can’t believe he’s gone, my last words ‘sorry’ as I slammed the car door.
Cooper sits beside me quietly, staring straight ahead, she wears a small pill box black hat with veil to conceal her face, although healing slowly, her ghastly image still betrays her once young features, the old gravelly voice she manages with ease.
The emptiness of the past three days seems hard to bear, with no sign of Al’ice and no contact from either Jez or Tadge, I wonder what the future holds for me.  In just over a week my world has been turned upside down and not for the first time, now all that waits at home is an empty future.
Cooper was going to leave soon, of that I am certain, we can’t just sit at home and wait, the others had to be found, we had talked long into the night.  Although reluctant to tell me I know Coopers future does not include me, I only hope she tells me before she leaves.
Kapiti island does not hold the splendour as usual for me today as I switch my gaze to the urn on my lap, since discovering I can see the dead I find myself waiting for him to appear, to at least say goodbye, but no sign of him yet.  Cooper has no explanation for me, she does not know what happens to the human spirit, only Tadge will know, she tells me.  I stroke the sides of the urn, wishing him to materialise, expecting him to appear like the genie of the lamp, am I crazy?
Mr. Croyden explained it was dads express wishes that I stay in New Zealand and finish College, then I would be free at the age of eighteen to follow my own dreams, his only request that before I embark on life’s journey, I return to England and bury his ashes beside those of his beloved Vyvien, mum.
If only dad had known my fate, life’s journey had already begun, my body already that of an eighteen year old and what of my life, how long will it last?  With part angel, part alien blood coursing through my veins even Cooper has no idea.
My great aunt does not move during the train journey, she does not like the public transport that rattles along disturbing her thoughts.  She sits stony faced like a statue, her once comforting arms crossed neatly across her lap, her gloved hands in a determined clasp.  I foolishly asked her to stay with me, a selfish act on my part, I realise that now.  I asked if she could at least stay until my return on Wednesday from my trip into town with Kate.
Cooper suggests I ask Kate to live with me, to help keep my sanity during the coming school year.  I can’t help but smile, if only she knew what Kate was like, keeping me sane was the last thing she would do but the company would be a blessing.
Cooper’s words from the night before are like hot pokers stabbing my mind, “fate led me here to you child, I promise you this, once we have dealt with your fathers affairs, then I will find the others for you, all of them.”
It will soon be Christmas, some Christmas that will be, Margaret and Bill from next door have insisted I spend it with them, they’re a nice old couple and they mean well.  A Christmas alone must be the worst thing ever, with the memories of the past, Cooper even found three presents for me when she offered to clear out dads room, he was always pretty organised.
One week in a lifetime and everything has changed, my life, my emotions, my body and soul, there is only hope on the horizon, hope that I must cling to with Kate to maintain reality as my mind battles with the anguished waiting game ahead.
*



Epilogue

Stanton folded the last of his clothes into the suitcase, New Zealand had been a happy place to spend the year.  He was saddened by the events of the past week, his failed attempt at catching the demon, now a painful memory.  Lucky for him there had been no questions, the partygoers none the wiser to what happened, but what of Kate?  He had witnessed her body floating on the water but there were no reports of any death.  Stanton recalled everything from that night, right up until the moment his body hit the cool waters of the pool when he lost his hold on Kate.  She was such a pretty young thing, he had been captured by her innocent beauty, her fighting spirit, her readiness to believe, he wore the scars of that night, on his arm from the broken window and etched across his heart.  His lasting memory of her body floating on the waters above as a face clamped over his own breathing life into his lungs.
He never knew who had saved him or how he came to be in the cave in fijordland but lucky for him the old fisherman had found his unconscious body, the nurses and Police in the hospital disbelieved his claim of amnesia he was sure, but what could they do?
He caught a fleeting glimpse of his roommate on his return, Tim grunted a greeting as Stanton asked him about the party, further probing revealed that Kate was some kind of distant relative of his and as far as Tim knew she was ok, someone must have saved her too.
Stanton sat on the edge of his bed and fingered the edges of the envelope in his hand and thought about his reasons for not visiting Kate.  The memories of that night were still raw in his mind, fear of the truth had stopped him, he did not know if Julianne had survived the demon attack, one thing he felt certain was that Kate would never forgive him for what he had started.  The envelope was his ticket out of New Zealand and the next leg of life’s journey for him, the taxi would arrive soon for his trip to the airport.  His flight to Auckland connected with his trans-atlantic journey, a brief stopover in Los Angeles, then on to London.
He had considered stopping home on the way but he was eager to begin his new role as researcher of ancient scrolls for one of the world’s most wealthiest of men, David White.  He had been surprised at the offer, the job had not been advertised as far as he knew and he wondered just what he would be researching, it was a chance of a lifetime, too good to pass up on.
Stanton closed the door on his memories of the past year, the memories that would haunt him forever but he had to get on with his life as he dragged his suitcase behind him towards the waiting taxi.

I sat on the wall outside the old University building and pulled my cardigan tight across my body.  Wellington was living up to its reputation of being windy even on this hot sunny day.  The street seemed strangely quiet, devoid of all cars except for the taxi which pulled out from the side of the adjoining building.
Kate was inside the main office, trying to get information on Stanton.  I decided to wait outside, enjoy the feel of the sun on my face, warming my soul.  If it wasn’t for that damned wind it would have been a pleasurable experience.
I mulled over the events of last night as I waited.  I had woken at 2 am to find Cooper staring at the moon, she was ready to leave.  We sat and talked for the next 30 minutes as she explained her final moments before leaving to find me.  The battle was bloody, horrific, thinking she were dead, she opened her eyes on a scene of devastation, not a soul left alive, the screams of death long gone.  Through her hazy vision she saw a man picking his way through the carnage, a shadow loomed across his body and he turned, swinging his staff, taking out the last of the winged beasts.  He walked towards her, a tiny scratch above his left eye the only sign of damage, the man was Al’ice.  She blacked out after that and woke once more to find herself laid upon the flat rock of the clearing, the tender voice of her cousin whispering to her. “I must send you to Jol, only she can help you now cousin, I will follow once I have retrieved the ancient scrolls of Kammerrean.”
She remembered his arms raised, holding aloft Eldeens staff as he began the spell to transport her body.  The words fading as she slipped into the void, unlike before when travelling the timelines, the aperture on her world faded with Al’ices words.
Cooper found these words difficult to express, but she truly felt the pathway home was now lost.  She did not abandon all hope though, as far as she knew Al’ice was the only one of her people left alive, she didn’t know for sure if there were others.  Al’ice was alive and well at their last meeting and she would do all that it took to find her way back now she was almost healed.  There was one other than Tadge who could help her and she would search the timelines for as long as it took to find them, for she strongly suspected Tadge would have been summoned to face his fate for his own deception.
So there you have it, Cooper has left, yet I feel no sadness for I know when she returns Al’ice will be by her side.  I have to be strong not just for myself but for Kate, we’ll get through Christmas together and face the coming final year of College, a welcome distraction for me.  Here she comes now and I can tell by the look on her face, the news of Stanton is not good.
###

Thank you for reading my book.  If you enjoyed it, won't you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favourite retailer?

Thanks!

Karen Binnie

About the author

Karen grew up in south west England, married at 20, has two sons and has lived in Germany and Scotland.  She now lives on the west coast of the north island, New Zealand, working full time to pay the mortgage and enjoying the climate the southern hemisphere has to offer.  A lover of fiction, the supernatural and sci-fi, she one day decided to revisit her love of writing from her school days.  The ideas and images created in her head came too fast for her fingers but she got there with Kamerrean, her first novel.
