Lao’
By
Phoenix Z.
PUBLISHED BY:
Phoenix Z. on Smashwords

Lao’
Copyright © 2021 by Phoenix Z.

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

TABLE OF CONTENTS


TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER 1-My Nightmare
CHAPTER 2-We Serve
CHAPTER 3-Never Good Enough
CHAPTER 4-My Job
CHAPTER 5-Polyneasian Roots
CHAPTER 6-Heart Broken and Humiliated
CHAPTER 7-New Hopes and Friends
CHAPTER 8-Island Hopes
CHAPTER 9-Too Church
CHAPTER 10-The Lies
CHAPTER 11-Becoming Worldly
CHAPTER 12-Must Starve
CHAPTER 13-The Band
CHAPTER 14-Betrayed
CHAPTER 15-Life Unraveling
CHAPTER 16-Consumed with Hate
CHAPTER 17-Forgiving
CHAPTER 18-Letting Go of the Pain
CHAPTER 19-Breaking Down Barriers
CHAPTER 20-Groups
CHAPTER 21-Too Many Choices
*Pathway of Darkness* CHAPTER 1
*Pathway of Darkness* CHAPTER 2
*Pathway of Darkness* CHAPTER 3 
*Pathway of Darkness* CHAPTER 4 
*Pathway of Darkness* CHAPTER 5 
*Pathway of Darkness* CHAPTER 6 
*Pathway of Darkness* CHAPTER 7 
*Pathway of Light* CHAPTER 1 
C*Pathway of Light* CHAPTER 2 
Chapter 1-My Nightmare


The room spins as the dizziness weighs me down. My hands grasp my clammy forehead. Make it stop. I hate this part of the process. I squeeze my eyes tight. My heart races in my chest, and the light headiness increases. I have never passed out, but I am closer to it than I have ever been. Maybe I should close my eyes and let the darkness sweep me in. What would be the harm?
"Lao', your light is gone," Dad's words echo in my ear. I had seen the disappointment in his eyes, deep, wounded disgust in me. I had failed him. I had let him down. As I replay the pain in his voice, I want to scream, but I can't. Makuahine (Mom) will hear me. She can't know what I am doing. I put my head between the toilet seats, slamming it down as hard as I can. The wooden seat cracks over my face, pure torment.
I have disappointed Dad and only deserve torture. My face throbs where the wooden seat has sliced into it from the jagged edges. My life has no control. I pull my head out and see the blood drip down my cheek. At least there is blood.
The darkest feeling spreads through me. I know I haven't purged myself completely. There is more ugliness left inside to cleanse out.
"Lao', you have to sway your hips like this," I remembered Aunt Pililani saying while I visited on the island. She proceeded to move her thick hips in a smooth fashion, gracefully swinging the bright, colorful tapa back and forth. The Island breeze tingled against my skin, leaving a soft wetness behind. I looked at my khaki shorts, nothing close to the majesty of the island costume, plain and as Caucasian as it gets. Even something in bright colors would be better than those. I had begged Makuahine to give me a costume, but she said Smiths didn't waste their money on worldly things. I might be Smith on Dad's side, but my only pride is in my Hawaiian heritage from Makuahine. Smiths are boring; their get-togethers remind me of toast left in the sun to further dry. Why did Makuahine give up her heritage for her husband?
"Lao', are you even paying attention?" Aunt Pililani barked. I tried, but it was obvious I was the only girl among the Ohana (family) who didn't know how to hula. Even Makuahine, a legalized Smith through marriage, once was an amazing hula dancer, and she had a costume, a family pattern. Too bad she didn't use it anymore. As I stumbled around the field, crossing my legs over each other, stiffly shuffling my hips around, I looked like such an idiot. I hate the Caucasian in me. I wish I were pure Hawaiian like the rest of the Ohana. My lack of grace completely set me apart from everyone. All my hoahānau, (cousins) have danced since conception. But not me. I am a Smith and a Seventh Day Adventist. Dancing is of the Devil. The only thing Smiths know how to do is BBQ and sit around and gossip. I love Dad, but I hate how he infused Makuahine and me with his pure whiteness. The least Makuahine could do for me is give me a costume then I can attempt to blend in.
Pililani's hips were fun to watch as she moved her mass from side to side. She is a large woman. We all are. Part of our Polynesian culture is thick, well-built women. Actually, when I am around Makuahine's family, I feel small. When I am home in Whitefish Junction, I feel huge, like a mammoth next to all the skinny white girls. Makuahine tells me big women are looked up to on the island. Well, this ain't the island. Why can't I permanently move to the islands? Can't Makuahine see the Smith way of life is killing me, literally?
Knock, knock, knock.
"Lao', what are you doing in there?" Makuahine asks on the other side of the door. I quickly jump up from the white toilet, not wanting her to see me in my sin. As I stand, the blood rushes to my heart, leaving my head on its own. Rapidly the room spins as I fall into the sink. I have lost my balance. The chrome doorknob jiggles as Makuahine tries to get it. She can't see me like this! Thankfully, it's locked. The pain from slamming my head into the porcelain sink kills, but not as bad as the evil one's grip over my heart. No physical pain can beat the mental anguish that seizes ahold of my every fiber.
"What was that noise?" Makuahine asks with alarm in her voice. "What are you doing in there?"
"Just taking a bath," I reply through a rough voice, trying to pass air from the singed vocal cords.
"You don't sound good. Are you sure you are alright?"
"You woke me. I am fine." Why won't Makuahine leave? I slip my body onto the tiled floor before I pass out. My head feels like it's shoved in a vice grip, and Makuahine keeps synching it tighter and tighter. I grasp my kukui nut necklace, a gift from kupunawahine, and close my eyes.
"How much longer do you think you'll be?"
What does she care? Leave me alone! I look at the jetted tub. Empty. How will I come out all "wet and clean" if she guards the door? Waiting. Listening.
The white tile with blue rim, spanning the floor has 122 shiny tiles. Dad put the tile in himself three years ago. Not all the lines are even, and it drives me bonkers looking at them. He might be a construction king outside this home, but his work here isn't the most precise. I don't know if he gets lazy at home. The tile is just like the picture of the blue jay, hung crooked. I try to straighten it whenever I am here, but it is always off-kilter the next time I return. Will he ever fix the thirteen scratches on the counter?
"Lao', how much longer?"
"Does it matter?" I ask. I squeeze my necklace tighter. I need her to leave me alone.
"Well, I guess not."
"Then, in a bit." I close my eyes as my hands cradle my head, touching a massive goose egg beneath my thick hair, which feels like a basketball.
Great! What will Makuahine and Dad do when they see the basketball-goose egg on my head?
"I told you the devil was in her. Just look at her. The Devil is making her mutate her face." I imagine Dad saying to Makuahine.
"Oh, Steve, why did I ever doubt you? Lao' is possessed by the devil. What shall we do?" They are dramatic, as they are in all my fantasies.
"There is only one thing left to do, Malulani (Makuahine's name). We must exorcise the devil out."
"Let me call kupunawahine (grandma). She is the Kahuna (spiritual leader), and she will get the Devil out." Makuahine replies.
"NO! It is because of your family's Pagan ways that Lao' is so confused. No. Never! From this day on, you and Lao' are no longer to see your family. They have led my daughter astray. When the minister exorcises the devil out of you, I will make sure he removes your stained linage through your mother's side." Dad's eyes glow red as he threatens Makuahine.
"No," I bawl. I'll run away. You can't do that to me." I get even hotter, the goose-egg feeling like it will explode.
Dad hooks a chain around my thick ankle. I can see the horns grow out of his gray hair, sharp and red. With bloody eyes, he grins. "I will keep you chained in the basement. You will never leave again." The acid swirls in my stomach. I can't hold it in.
My wild imagination brings new fear. I often get carried away in daydreams, which affect me emotionally, even though they aren't real. I can't stop the sound; it's loud. Is Makuahine still on the other side of the brown door?
I am not sure if Makuahine left. I stop breathing and listen intently—the hum from something electronic buzzes. I don't hear her. Maybe I am alone. The thought adds to my loneliness, even though I am glad she is gone. All I want to do is crawl into her cushy lap, much as I did as a kid. I need her so badly, and yet, I push her so far away.
My lifestyle makes me sad. At school, I try to pretend I'm happy. I have lots of friends, but it doesn't erase the emptiness. I fit in well; however, it bothers me to be the biggest girl in my group. My other friends don't seem one bit concerned about their weight. They eat whatever they want, and they never work out. I can't stop the depression I feel when I go to the mall with them, since they all try on the same outfits to match each other. Sometimes we can find the same thing in my size, but most often, we don't. Designers don't make cute clothes for fat chunks like me. Another thing that reminds me of how huge I am is my friends regularly share each other's clothes, but no one shares with me.
Despite how it feels to be around such perfect friends, it tortures me and drags me to the darkest pit to be alone. When I have no one to hang with or my oppressive parents don't let me go to a party, that is when I hate myself the most.
My dad senses my depression. He knows something is off with me, but he can't place it. He tries to take me out a lot, but his idea of a date are places serving high-fat foot. His favorite joint to take me makes ice cream in front of us. He would buy me the biggest dish. I would protest, but he says I deserved it. I couldn't concentrate on his efforts because I felt disgusted with every bite I took. If he desires to help me, then he would stop taking me out to eat. He would take me to the mall and buy me some jewelry or something else. After my dates with Dad, I spend the next three days heavily exercising and puking my guts out. His dates aren't worth it.
I can't handle anymore high-calorie dates with Dad. I eventually made excuses and quit going out with him. I hate to do that. I desperately crave his attention, but not in that way. I can tell backing away hurt his feelings, adding to my depression, and never-ending guilt.
Since my parents are concerned about me, I want to give them the illusion that nothing is wrong. I work hard on my grades and receive all A's. Although it makes my parents proud of me, it does nothing but compile extra stress on my shoulders, weighing me down. I can feel my life wither away from the need for perfection.
I struggle to keep top grades. Whenever I get anything less than a ninety on a test, I go into a deep depression, which usually makes me binge on food. When I do this, I can't stop. I will consume thousands and thousands of calories where I can't stop eating. Food controls me.
I hate it.
I hate every minute focused on food.
Why must I carry this burden? It controls me much like heroin possesses the addict. Of course, after a binge, I gain control, and then I lose all respect for myself. Why did I allow that to happen? I thought I was much better than that. My lack of control throws me into a darker state as I slave at exercising and puking away my sin. I have been bulimic for four years.


CHAPTER 2-We Serve


I look away because she reminds me of a witch, and yet, Marcus grasps me with his clammy hand, despite our parents watching, and leads me to the older woman who has scraggly gray hair and a large bulbous nose. Her shirt has twelve stains on the front and is wrinkled like she had shoved it at the bottom of a pile, never ironing it.
"She wants to say something to you," Marcus says with a simple yet sincere smile. I have to look up to Marcus because of his height, even though I stand taller than most girls my age. His bright orange hair has tight, nappy curls and reminds me of a fuzzy basketball. Kupunawahine finds orange hair intriguing since she has never left the island; she doesn't see it much. I often think about taking a picture of Marcus and sending it to Kupunawahine.
The old witch-lady stands up, her back humping at the top, and embraces me in a hug. Her odor gets trapped in the back of my throat, and I gag. Does she ever bathe?
"Oh, thank you, beautiful Hawaiian, for giving me dinner tonight." Her breath is worse than her body odor. Subconsciously, I cover my nose.
I pull away. "You are welcome," I say. This moment should touch me, but my nerves won't allow it. They are on high alert, preparing me to run for safety. Isn't it for their joy we serve the homeless? I wish I had Marcus' heart, loving and kind. He is an angel, born to carry the burdens of others, the model Christian.
The lady reaches in her purse and pulls out a wrapped white and red striped mint. "I was saving this for a special occasion, but I want you to have this."
The warn wrapper has become transparent from apparent age. I don't want it. I stare at it as if it carries the bubonic plague. Marcus elbows me in the side. Ugh. I reach my hand forward, and the lady drops it in my palm. The cellophane is wet! Gag! What am I supposed to do with it now? If she expects me to eat it, I will have to disappoint her. No way will I consume this filthy treat, probably it rolling around in her purse for the last thirty years, collecting every disease possible.
"Lao'," Dad calls from behind. "The line is backing up."
Phew. Saved. I pocket the mint and run back to the food serving line. I believe this is the third time our church has served at this soup kitchen. Our church's goals are to serve and preach the gospel. As we do, Marcus goes around the room, sharing scriptures with those eating. I like serving, but the homeless makes me nervous. Most of the people here carry a sickening smell. I know I shouldn't judge, and It's not their fault that they can't shower daily, but how do I pretend the smell doesn't exist.
Some of the people look normal, so why are they here? Others talk to their selves and scare me. The families break my heart. The parents with the lost looks in their eyes dragging along terrified children. What must their life be like?
"Lao', you need to stay on this side until dinner service is over," Dad reprimands with a tone of disappointment. My hand burns because of the gross mint the lady put in it. I better wash them before I start serving again. I run to the sink.
"Lao', what are you doing?"
"I need to wash my hands."
"Come on. You're just going to put gloves on them."
Trust me. I need to.
After I have clean hands, I glove them and rejoin the service line. The food smells delicious. Most of it donated from local restaurants. The homeless get to eat good things like Olive Garden and Café' Draco, and other restaurants. At the end of the night, we are allowed to have any food that is left. My stomach growls in anticipation.
Steam rises off the chrome heating table, and I pass my hand through the wet, warm mist. Smeared handprints and food defile the serving table. Does it get cleaned on a nightly basis? I would quickly run a washcloth over it, but Dad would yell at me for breaking away from the service line. We stand on clay-colored tiles held together by black grout, but you can see it was brown in some areas. How often does the health department inspect this place? When we walk around, our feet stick to the floor.
"Thank you." Many people say as I scoop fettuccine alfredo on their plate. Most of the gracious people thank us. I remember the parable of the ten lepers and how only one came back to thank Jesus. These guys aren't like the bad nine. Like I said, most say thanks.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you," a woman with crazy hair says as she comes through the line. She has lost most of her teeth, and I can see her bone tightly wrapped by her skin, not an ounce of fat. "The fact that you would sacrifice your evening for me touches me in ways you will never know." She has wet eyes from her tears. My chest burns with love for her while Makuahine sniffs back her tears. I could cry, but I suppress it. The spirit blesses us when we serve.
Makuahine says, "'Ke Akua pu a hui hou'." She doesn't often speak in her native tongue. I think she says, "God Bless." I look to Dad. He has a tightly set jaw. I don't know why, but he hates every Polynesian thing about Makuahine. How did a racist man marry into our family line? He should have married a whitey. I felt pride when Makuahine spoke to the lady like that. I wish she would do it all the time. My bitter resentment of Makahine not teaching me her native tongue will never leave.
I pull my necklace away from my neck. Crap, I slime it with noodle sauce. Marcus returns to us with a smile. "Let me give you guys a verse to help you along," he says. "For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him."
"Amen, brother," a man in line says as he pats Marcus on the shoulder. Marcus shines. "You guys be sharing the love of God with us. May God bless you all."
"Thanks," Marcus says as he clutches his brown warn bible. I don't doubt he reads fifty pages a night in it. He is well versed and can quote most passages.
I slop a scoop of noodles on the man's tray. The man leaves the line and stands next to Marcus.
"What religion are you guys?" he asks.
"We are Seventh Day Adventists."
"Me," the man boasts loudly. "I am Baptist, through and through. Yep, no one's going to change that from me."
"Can I read to you while you eat?" Marcus asks. He has an adoration for our religion and loves any opportunity to share it. Our church teaches us to be missionaries. I am nothing like Marcus. I often hide my faith out of embarrassment. Seventh-Day Adventists act differently than others, and I don't like it.
"Yes, boy. Come fill my soul with God's good word." Marcus follows the large man to a table, and they sit.
Homeless cram on all ten tables; thankfully, they are long tables and accommodating. People chat with each other as if they dine at a restaurant and not a soup kitchen. Some people have large smiles on their faces as if they can find happiness wherever they go. The majority of the homeless wear mismatched clothes and off-season styles. How long has it been since some have changed their clothes? Most of the children run around happy, oblivious to the stress painted on their parent's faces.
My sore legs tempt me to sit down. I rub my calf. We've stood past an hour now. The heat makes my head light. The line looks like it will never end, with people backed out of the dining room. I watch Marcus. He is lucky because he gets to sit, but I don't think I would like to discuss the church with people. That scares me.
My leg burns where I pocketed the stupid mint. I should have thrown it away. It was nice of the lady to give it to me, but it is gross. I think of her words, "I was saving this for a special occasion, but I want you to have this." What if she gave me the greatest treasure she owned? Guilt enters. I don't deserve her best gift. I don't appreciate it. I am selfish.
A widow put her mite on the alter and made the trumpets sound. Maybe that homeless woman gave me her mite. I can't stop the tears from flowing.
We finish dinner service then clean the kitchen. Two hundred and eleven served tonight: thirty women, sixty men, and twenty-one kids. Twenty-two of the homeless were old. I circle and stretch out my tired wrists. I pass my weight from one leg to the next. My church keeps us involved in service and missionary work. I usually hate giving up the time to go, but I always leave spiritually fed.


CHAPTER 3-Never Good Enough


"Lao', your light is gone," Dad says to me one night.
"What do you mean?" I rub my hands together. Where does he plan to take the conversation?
"I don't know, but it is gone. Christians have a light to them, but yours seems to have burnt out."
Dad's words lasso me in the face, cutting deep with their fibers of disappointment.
"Are you saying that I am not Christian?"
"No. I just wonder why you are so down all of the time." I can tell Dad wants to put his arm around me, but our relationship has become strained, and he doesn't. It is my fault. I have done that. I have put the wedge between us. I am worthless.
"I am Christian. I always go to church with you, don't I?" I try to dismiss his hurtful idea.
"Yes."
"Then how can you say that I am not Christian?" I want to stare at him, challenge him, but I can't. I disgust myself and have to look away so he can't see the real me.
"You are right," I imagine him saying as he leans into me. He pries open my eyes and looks into my soul. "Lao', you are worthless. Not even God loves you." The made-up words crush my heart, everything imploding. My fantasy brings tears to my eyes, and Dad sees them.
He strokes me with his rough construction hands. They are dark, with permeant black wedged into every wrinkle and crevice. At work, he labors, and his hands and physique show as much. His touch to my skin is real. His concern is not a fantasy. He does care for me. I need to stop imaging terrible things all of the time.
"Maybe I said it wrong, for that is not what I meant. I think for some reason, your life is out of balance. What can I do to help get it back on track?" The demeanor on his face softens.
"You don't think my life is on track? What more do I have to do to please you, Dad? I don't drink, I don't have sex with boys, and I go to church. I get strength A's. What more can I do?" My voice elevates.
I will never please him. I can't reach his high expectations.
Dad put his arms around me, his warmth penetrating my side. I used to crave to be in his arms, to feel his cuddle. Why do I push him away? "I am not trying to criticize you. I am trying to help you. Maybe it would be better if you talked to your mom."
"NO!" I scream. I don't want Makuahine to figure out what I am doing. She might send me to a clinic or something. I am pretty sure Dad will never figure it out, but Makuahine might. I want them to leave me alone. I hold the black kukui nuts and grimace.
"Then how can I bring your light back?" Dad asks. The tears stream out from his green eyes.
Age shows on dad with his predominantly gray hair. It used to be a strawberry blond. I think Makuahine fell in love with the red tint because our Ohana only has dark hair.
My toes pull at the gray and brown shag carpet. There are six stains on the carpet in this room alone. Gray is probably not the best color to put beneath people's feet. The room's decor mixes white, gray, brown, and teal. The color scheme has a good effect of calmness. Mom's pillows dropped around the couch, no longer in order. It's killing me not to get up and arrange them right, but Dad demands my full attention.
Dad looks broken in spirit. I caused this.
I should be penitent. Guilt defines my life, an emotion I frequently own. Gut-wrenching, never-ending guilt. Everything makes me guilty.
I feel the goose egg from my mishap earlier. Thankfully no one has found it.
Why did I do such a stupid thing?
I hate life.
Dad takes me on a date. Sick inside, I think about the junk food he will force down my throat. Every time I go out with Dad means hours of exercising and purging.
Dad executes a more deviant plan.
He deceives me.
"I am taking you to see Dr. Nutley," he says as he parks the truck in front of a business. I'm glad it isn't disgusting food, but a clinic!
WHY DAD!
Alarm takes over. I imagine myself flinging open the passenger door. "I won't see a shrink!" I scream. There is no way I will see Dr. Nutley. I run.
"I won't let you be this horrible daughter in my home anymore. You will see Dr. Nutley NOW!" His arms multiple to eight. They wrap around me, and he slithers into the clinic, looking like a giant octopus, dragging me against the ground.
"I have brought the she-devil in," he tells the receptionist, who morphs into an octopus as well and takes over for Dad with her arms engulfing me. I can't breathe.
"Lao'," Dad's voice calls me back into reality.
I still sit in the parked truck. "Your hands are turning white from gripping the door handle. It's going to be alright. My friend takes his daughter to Dr. Nutley. He told me Dr. Nutley could really help you."
"You talked about me to your friend?" I feel betrayed.
Dad doesn't have a response. He looks sheepish.
"When were you going to tell me you were bringing me here? Why did you trick me?" I inspect Dad closely. He has no sign of tentacles. It had been in my imagination.
"I am sorry. I was afraid if you knew, you wouldn't come."
"You're right on that," I say as tears spill out of my eyes. "Why would you bring me here? Do you think I am stupid? Do I not please you? Everything in life I do is to please you, and now I know you have never been pleased." I wipe away the hot tears on the back of my hand.
"No, Lao', it's not that at all. You please me dearly. I worry about you. Remember when I talked to you the other day about your light. It has burnt out, and it breaks my heart." His tears show up. Dad isn't afraid to cry.
"Oh, and the other thing that bothers me," I say, letting my voice elevate. "Why are you talking about me to your friend? What do you tell him that your daughter is falling astray and no longer Christian?"
"Don't put words into my mouth. I talked to my friend because I desperately want to see you get some help. Something is wrong. As your father, I know it. I sense it. Since I can't find it, I need help."
"You might need help, but I don't," I say as I fling my arms across my chest and turn away from him. He is right. I do need help, but I don't want it. Help will only make me fat. It's not worth it. I should be happy he loves me enough to notice my silent pleads, to want to help me, but I am not. My fury prevents reasoning. He wants to expose my weakness, and I refuse to let him.
The windows in the truck are spotted and need to be washed. How can he see to drive?
Dad looks at his thick watch. "We are going to be late if we don't go in."
"Then let us be late. I don't care."
We sit in silence. Dad keeps the inside of his tuck clean, just not the windows, but the truck is old. When is he going to buy a new one? I finally let Dad take me in, clinging to myself as I go into Dr. Nutley's office, determined to show him I have no problems.
"So what's going on?" the doctor asks. I study the doctor who is probably the same age as Dad. What a tool. What makes him think he can help me? Only one thing will help me: to move me to Hawaii where I can be fat and happy; otherwise, I will continue to purge myself of food. I am not going to balloon out and be the fattest girl in school, no way! I cross my arms in front of my chest in defiance.
Claustrophobia sets in as we jam together in the packed room that lacks a window. On the bookshelf are eighteen books, shelved without any order. The shrink should have arranged them from largest to smallest, but they are shoved there as if he did it in five seconds. He has three chairs close together and one-off in space. The symmetry is all wrong. How can anyone relax and share their feelings when the atmosphere is off?
"Lao' has lost her light, her sparkle," Dad says. I want to duck under my chair. Dad talks religious to everyone as if we all have one God. What if Dr. Nutley doesn't even know who God is, let alone light?
I stop listening to Dad slaughter my name. I close my eyes and imagine I am in Hawaii. The sun shines as the water laps against the beach.
"Lao', answer him," Dad says, bringing me back to the stuffy office. I look around, having my fantasy interrupted by Dad. Both men stare at me, bearing into my soul. Dad waves his hand toward Dr. Nutley. They both expect an answer from me, but what? I hadn't heard a thing they said.
I sneak a few glances at Dr. Nutley. He looks kind enough, but why should I talk to him? If I won't share my darkest secrets with my parents, why would I divulge them with a stranger? The dark brown hair on Doctor Nutley's face has white in it, and white in his facial hair. If he has a wife, does she like kissing a hairy face? I wouldn't ever kiss a hairy face; gross.
"Lao', answer him," Dad says gruffly.
"It's alright. How about I ask a different question. Lao'," Dr. Nutley says, turning his brown eyes to me. He has an uncomfortable stare, and I glance away. Why couldn't Dad have at least gotten me a female therapist? Not a middle-aged man who will ever understand me. "What would you like to see happen coming here?" he says.
I shrug. I don't want to be here.
Dr. Nutley turns back to Dad, and they keep talking. I tune out. I don't want to be here, and I want to make sure Dr. Nutley can tell by my body language. I cross my arms and legs tightly. Dr. Nutley does something scary. He sends Dad out.
Dad bolts for the door. No fair. I should be allowed to leave, not Dad. This whole stupid thing is his idea.
"Now I have you alone, and I am going to put a probe into your head. I will be able to see all of your dark secrets. There is nothing you can hide from me!" Dr. Nutley says, rubbing his hands together. His brown eyes turn red and ominous as he pulls out a large helmet full of wires.
"What do you like to do for fun," Dr. Nutley asks, snapping me out of my fantasy. There is no helmet full of wires.
"Not being with you, that is fun," I wish I could say. I shrug again.
"Surely there is something you like to do. Dance, school, poetry?"
What do I like to do? I struggle to come up with something. I used to want to do many things, but with my lack of energy and depression, nothing pleases me anymore.
Dr. Nutley sees my sorrow, even though I try to disguise it, but he doesn't focus on it. Instead, he helps me re-find the things I like to do. As I remember the things that used to bring me pleasure, I wish to do them again. How long has it been since I hiked? When was the last time I went on a walk with Makuahine?
Together we reminisce about what used to bring me joy. I want those times back. They were simple. I lived for fun and nothing else. I didn't worry about my weight and looks. I didn't even care about them. Thankfully, he doesn't focus on my problems. Instead, he opens up a side of me I have misplaced. I feel good as I leave, even agreeing to return.
"Lao', I got you a job." It is three days after I visit with Dr. Nutley. Dad has been against me working, but Dr. Nutley suggested it might be good for me to have something to do.
My head pops up from my never-ending biology, the division of cells. Something in the garbage reeks. Can't Dad smell it and take it out? I could concentrate better if the odor didn't linger around my brain cells.
"What do you mean you found me a job?" Why won't Dad stay out of my life? Why does he meddle so much? My arm twitches.
"You know the construction project I have been working on? It's going to be a trampoline park. Well, I was talking with its owner, and he says they were looking for employees. When I bragged to him about how wonderful you were, he offered you a job right then and there."
"What if I don't want a job?" I turn away from Dad and look at my homework. My intricate doodles fill the top corner. A massive rubberband squeezes my head, almost to the point of exploding, much like a watermelon under a giant rubber band. I hadn't realized how bad my head pounds. I need a break. It's an excellent time to exercise. I look at the empty box of cookies in front of me. Why did I eat the whole thing? Why do I do that to myself? Yes, I do need a ten-mile run and a good purge. My stomach tightens up. I feel sick for all the crap I put in there. I wipe the crumbs off on the underside of the table.
"It will be good for you. Remember how Dr. Nutley told you to find a hobby or a job. This would be just the thing. Plus, I know how you like to exercise. Maybe this will give you the chance to get paid to exercise."
Dad knows I exercise? My heart rate speeds up. Having Dad aware unnerves me. What if he makes me stop? I try hard to keep Makuahine or him from figuring out about my bulimia. If Makuahine finds out, she'll force me to eat 10,000 calories a day. If that happens, I will run away to Hawaii. Maybe I should run away there anyway.
I lean against the table, and it wobbles. It's missing a screw and isn't entirely stable. It's an old table. Mom and Dad acquired it before I was born. There is a stain in the right corner with a gouge next to it. In the middle are three scratches and a chip in the left corner.
I glance at Dad. He looks proud of himself. Do I want a job? I am not sure. He is right, though. I like the idea of a position where I get paid to exercise. I can make this work out well, showing up to work an hour early to exercise, then when I got off, I could exercise for another hour, and my family wouldn't find out about it. And, of course, I will still do my nightly exercises before I go to bed. That way, I could get in at least three hours a day. I love the plan.
"Sure, I guess I wouldn't mind a job," I say, underplaying it, but inside I want to scream in excitement. Surely I will lose some weight with my new job. I look at the stupid cookie wrapper, empty. If I keep having weak moments of binging, I will never lose weight.
"And think about all the money you will have to buy new clothes," Dad says as if he is still trying to convince me.
"What about the Sabbath?" I ask. "I am sure a place like that would expect me to be there Friday and Saturday night. I am sure that is their busiest time."
Dad's eyes sparkle as he responds, "We already discussed it, and he says you can have those days off."
Disappointing. I want to work the Sabbath. I hate attending church on the weekend while all my other friends play.
"Lao', I think this is going to be good for you," Dad smiles. I can tell he wants me to hug him. I want to hug him, but I hold back. Our relationship has changed. We don't touch much anymore. I miss it, but I feel unworthy of it. Deep inside, I am worthless. -a good for nothing girl who is vain and killing her body for her image. Dad and Makuahine would disown me if they knew who I really was. My eyes tear up.
I look away.


CHAPTER 4-The Job


Today I grow up.
Finally, March 2nd has come! -employee orientation. The excitement wants to explode from my fingertips as they tingle and tighten. I can't stand how my parents coddle me like a baby. Now I will have responsibility, and people will trust me and count on me. I will have money, never having to beg them for a cent again.
My Pure Coupe smart car beckons me to drive it, a gift from my parents on my sixteenth birthday. My parents don't mind spoiling their only child. I can't figure out why they never had more kids. Makuahine's family has lots of kids, and so do some of the Smiths. But we have a tiny, lonely family. If I had brothers and sisters, would I still be sad?
I arrive to work fifteen minutes early—Dad's idea. I'm the only one here, except for the owners who tell me to wait in the lobby for others to arrive. Why did Dad have me come early? The place seems vast and mysterious in its emptiness. What will it be like to work here?
Bang. A loud noise in the back startles me. I need to relax.
I awkwardly stand. With nothing to do, my mind pulls up a memory.
"You look just like a princess," I remember my friend Ashley telling my other friend Jill.
"I know I am pretty." Jill had always been the prettiest of us friends. She swirls in the baby blue dress. It had ruffles up and down, and I was dying to try it on. Ashley and Sarah had already had a turn. I was the only one who hadn't had the chance to experience what it felt like to be a princess.
"I'm next. I am next," I called out in eagerness.
Ashely, Jill, and Sarah exchanged a look with each other. Ashley turned to me, always bold, speaking her mind.
"Lao', you are too big! You will rip it."
Her words stung me at nine and sting me still. I hadn't developed a complex yet, but that day planted the first seed. Sarah could see my hurt.
"It's okay. There is a clown costume still in the box. You aren't too fat for that," she said as she dashed to the costume box and pulled out hideous rainbow overalls. She genuinely thought she was helping. Her offer insulted and devastated me. My heart felt like they had each stuck a meat hook in, pulling and pulverizing it.
Fresh tears trickle down my cheek. I look around the lobby, glad I am still alone at the trampoline park. I can't cry, for it will mess up my makeup, and besides, I shouldn't think about my past because it's too painful inside my head. It is not safe for me to think. I dab the tears on the backside of my hand. I am not good at being left alone. It usually leaves me depressed and down.
I wipe my cheeks as a girl and boy walk in. I put a fake smile on. I don't want to be caught bawling on the first day. As I watch everyone enter, I feel sick. All the girls are skinnier and prettier than me. I stand out as the fat, ugly girl. I have to fight off a new set of tears trying to force their way out. They pound behind my eyeballs, threatening to gush. As I feel my lowest, I notice the odd girl, and everything changes.
Impotent, she stands there in her ugliness. She reminds me of a wildebeest. Bless her heart, as Makuahine would say, she has more to worry about than her hideous body. What is she wearing? Is that a suit she stole off the elderly's body from the local nursing home?
"Give me your suit, you old hag," the unpleasant girl says, pealing off the pants from the helpless old lady.
"Oh please, young girl, not my favorite suit. I wear it every Saint Patricks Day."
"Trust me, you old prune, it will look better on me."
Although she looks like a tool, that weird girl is the real deal as she stands in the trampoline park's lobby looking perplexed in her pea-green polyester suit. She knows she is homely, the way she clings to herself. She won't look at anyone as she blows out her cheeks. I am glad she is here. As long as every one notices her, they won't detect my chunk. I might not be the prettiest girl around, but I am decent; however, if you put me next to her, I look like a queen!
While I stare, the owners come into the lobby.
"Hello people," Maggie Rumblehoff says. They had introduced their selves when I first arrived. A small amount of chatter continues as if Maggie has no importance. I make my way closer to her. I want her to see me paying attention.
"Hey everyone, when my wife talks, you will shut up!" Ted Rumblehoff yells.
That did the trick. The talking stops. The Rumblehoffs don't look like the fun loving type, with their faces tight and drawn into frowns. They have outdated clothing and drab, but not as bad s a pea-green suit. Maggie has an 80's hairstyle, with frizzy curls, rated to the heavens. She looks clueless as to anything modern. What are they doing owning a trampoline park?
"Listen," he continues. "We are the Rumblehoffs, and we are glad to have you here today. Please follow us to the employee break room." He's stiff. Is he for real?
Ted turns his back to us and marches away. I bet he likes control, reminding me of the evil high school teachers I have had. We scramble behind him until we reach the break room. I feel like a sheep. Bah, bah. We enter a room made out of windows and follow him inside.
As we gather in, he says, "Along the counter, you will find name stickers. Go ahead and fill your name out."
I quickly write my name on a sticker and find a seat at the table. Others linger while they master their name. Soon the table fills up, leaving many people without a place to sit as they huddle against the back wall. Thankfully I will disappear here at the table and not draw attention to myself like those in the back.
The counter has five large cupboards, nine drawers, and a fridge pulled out too far.
"Hey girl, take a seat," Maggie impatiently barks at one of the girls. The pretty girl has platinum blond hair, and everything matches. I need to get on her good side because surely she is popular. She looks embarrassed to be barked at, and I can't blame her.
Ted talks in a monotone; so boring. If he were my teacher at school, I would fall asleep in his class. "Come on, people, listen up. Maggie says we need to start with introductions and treats. She keeps me balanced. I say they are a waste of time and resources. I know you guys want to cut to the chase so you don't have to be here long. Raise your hand if you want to introduce yourself." His overbite distracts me.
No one raises their hands. I certainly won't be the first to go. "See, I told you," he says to his wife. "Pass out the coffee and donuts as I talk. Don't let the treat distract you from my message."
Maggie passes out donuts. Inside I shudder. I hate social occasions because of the food. I don't want a donut. It is calories. If I eat, I will have to add an hour to my work out. I take the offered donut and bite into it. I want to appear like I don't have a problem. I'll throw the rest away. Maggie gives a donut to the popular girl.
"No thanks," she says.
"Oh, you're afraid to get fat," Maggie says out loud. I feel bad for the girl. Why do people make a big deal over someone watching their weight? If you turn something down, they treat you like a jerk.
"No, I want it," she says—the donut plops in her hand. She seems bothered by the sticky mess in her hand, now slimed with frosting. Since she is not at the table, she has nowhere to lay it. When Maggie returns to the back counter, the popular girl reaches over to the ugly girl and dumps the donut in her hand. I chuckle to myself—what a dope move.
Maggie returns with a tray of coffee cups on it. She puts a cup of coffee in front of me. In my church, we don't drink coffee. I have always wondered why. I really don't care to follow all the rules of the church. I think they are fanatical. Just to spite them, whoever they are, I sip the coffee. It tastes horrible. What is the big deal about coffee? Why do people like it?
The boy next to me must have been watching. "It tastes better if you add some cream and sugar to it," he says. Without asking, he opens the cream and dumps it in my coffee. I wish he would leave the sugar out, but he doesn't. He sprinkles in four packets. Great, more calories.
"Try that now," he whispers.
I take another sip. It actually tastes a million times better. Maybe I do like coffee. I read his name tag, Tesla. I can tell he is much older than me.
He is the most handsome man I have ever seen. He stares into my eyes, and warmness fills me.
I like Tesla.
"Thanks," I say.
Maggie is in front of the popular girl. I read her tag, Candus Mitchell.
"Take the coffee," Maggie says, dangling it above Candus' lap. Candus had found a chair.
"I don't drink coffee," she says and looks away.
"Don't worry, there are no calories in coffee," Maggie forces the coffee in Candus' hand. I sure don't like Maggie. Candus puts the cup next to her chair leg. I wonder if she is Seventh Day Adventist like me. I notice several of the employees push their coffees away from them. That is what I should have done if I had cared, but I don't. I take another sip of coffee. Tesla watches me as he messages the back of his neck. His gorgeous eyes taunt me. I smile, and he winks. Oh, man. What a hottie!
"Let us formally introduce ourselves," Maggie says. "I am Maggie Rumblehoff, and this is Ted, my husband. You might be wondering why we opened a trampoline park."
I know I wonder that.
The two ramble about rules for a while until we are interrupted by a boy flying into the room. He is cute. I like Tesla, but Tesla is so perfect he intimidates me. Besides, he looks at least twenty. Brad, in the late teens, looks more approachable. Maybe I will like Brad and Tesla.
When the meeting ends, I want to talk to Brad. I follow him out, but Candus has his attention. Why do all the skinny, pretty girls get the boys? I linger behind and discover she doesn't seem interested in him. I still might get my chance.
Candus treats Brad rudely, and yet he doesn't notice. She quickly ditches him as she crawls into a colossal van filled with her family. At least I have my own set of wheels.
"Have a great day, Candus, and God Bless," he calls after her.
"She isn't good for you," I want to say. "You deserve someone who will be kind to you. You deserve me."
Brad turns to me. "Why, aren't you a tall glass of water. Do you want to go on a date?" Before I can answer, he grabs me, dips me, and passionately kisses me.
Candus' van squeals as it pulls away. My fantasy brakes. There are thirteen cars and a motorcycle in the parking lot. Four are old, seven are decent, and two look brand new. The yellow-painted lines are fresh, creating four deep rows. The tar appears recently poured, making the lot sharp.
Brad watches the van. "I am Lao'." I say. I need him to notice me. He turns toward me, and I give him a Polynesian smile. He returns it and melts my heart. Yes, I am in love. Brad and I are almost the same height. I usually feel like a mammoth, taller than most girls my age. He is skinner, but it isn't hard to be skinner than me. I love how his long blond hair falls down his back in a ponytail. He must be a bad boy. 
I would love to date a bad boy.
"I am sure you know, I am Brad," he says to me.
"Nice to meet you, Brad." I look at the helmet in his hand. "Do you drive a motorcycle?" If he drives a motorcycle, then I love him even more.
"Yes. You want a ride?" I can't believe he asks me! Of course, I want a ride! Maybe I am having a daydream. I pinch myself. It hurts; this is real.
"I would love one!" I say. I probably weigh twice as much as him. I wonder if he can even carry me. Suddenly, I feel dumb and want to hide.
"Oh crap, I forgot an extra helmet." He says that because I am too fat.
"Did you say crap?" I ask. Brad looks like the swearing type.
"Yeah, why?"
"Most people just swear."
"Well, Miss Lao', you will learn Brad Shantley is a gentleman and doesn't swear."
Yes, true love. Brad is my hero, my knight in shining armor. I love the way he calls me Miss Lao'. And, he is a self-proclaimed gentleman. One of the reasons I never had a boyfriend was because I thought most of them were jerks. Brad seems different.
"You a gentleman," I laugh. I don't know why I said that. I can tell he is a gentleman, but I am nervous and say dumb things. I guess I said it because he doesn't look the type with his ponytail and because, earlier in the meeting, Maggie had accused him of being a partier.
He bows to me. "Always." My heart almost stops with his words. I want him as my boyfriend so bad.
"You don't look the type. You look like a bad boy." I say. I have an attraction to bad boys. Maybe because they are different than the boys at church, they take chances. They don't follow the rules. I am sick of rules.
I squeeze my necklace.
"I am a Christian. Are you Christian?"
I feel like a dumb dora. I don't want to draw attention to my religion. "Yeah," I say, not wanting to admit it.
"Then together we will always be in good company," he says as he wraps his boney arm around my shoulder. He has to reach up. I love his arm there. Will he kiss me as he did in my day-dream? I hope he feels what I feel—warmness, excitement, love. Thankfully, Candus turned him down. I plan to make him mine.
"Can I still have a ride? I don't care if I don't have a helmet," I ask. I have to make him mine.
"Oh, I care," he says as he lets go and pulls away. "I am a gentleman and will always make sure you are safe in my company."
Rigatude. I really want to ride on his bike. "Okay. Next time?"
"Why wait until next time. How about I pick you up later tonight, and we can cruise?"
"I would love it!" Hope returns.
"I need your address." He shifts his helmet.
"Oh, you can't pick me up at my house. My parents would kill me if I got on the back of your bike. How about you meet me at the Mall at 8pm?" I clumsily say since my tongue had gone numb.
"Sounds good to me," he replies. "But, I still want your digits."
I write my address and phone number on the back of his training manual.
"Oh wait," he says as his countenance drops. "Dad is pretty sick. I don't think this would be a good night. I need to wait and go when he is better. Can I call you?"
I can tell what is really going on, and I feel like a dip wad for it. He isn't interested in me. He still wants Candus. He had offered the ride earlier because he thought I would turn him down. I want to run and hide. I had made myself into a stunad.
It isn't fair. All the skinny, pretty girls like Candus get all the guys.
"Sure, yeah, that's fine. Look, I gotta go," I say. I can feel the tears building up, and I want to get away before Brad sees me cry. I don't wait for a response as I run to my car and squeal out of the parking lot.


CHAPTER 5-My Polynesian Roots


Indeed Dad would have never taken me to treatment if he knew the therapist would turn against him.
Maybe I no longer despise Dr. Nutley.
Thanks to my therapist, today is the best day of my life.
I drive to a Mormon church house, which are all over my city. I've never been in one before. My hands slide over the steering wheel because of how wet they are. I wish they would stop sweating. I keep wiping them on the seat, but it doesn't seem to help.
"Well, well, well. Look at the Seventh Day Adventist gentile. Come in, come in," The young missionaries say. They look close to my age. They could be handsome if it weren't for the horns coming out of their heads. I've always heard about the horns, but now I see them.
I don't want to be here. This isn't right. I turn on my heels, but before I can move, they grab my arm. I try to jerk away, but their grip tightens. They drag me through the doors and straight to their baptism font.
"We'll have a baptism today!"
Beep
The blaring horn pulls me out of my thoughts. I swerve to avoid impact. I narrowly avoid an accident that would have been my fault. I need to stay out of my head.
Dad would flip out if he knew where I was headed. It's a double edge sword of off-limits. I couldn't tell my parents about the group. Smith's don't join Polynesian clubs, and they don't dance. That's against our religion. To top off the cake of sin with pretty pink frosting, the sinful jubilee is held in a Mormon church building.
Dr. Nutley directed me to a community Polynesian group. I had no idea one existed. Maybe if I were around other Polynesians more, I would feel like I fit into society and stop feeling so quendo.
I pull into the parking lot. There are only six cars here—my heart races, and I wish I could slow it down. I fear what I will find in there. At least I don't see any missionary sentinels. Maybe I will be okay.
I slowly walk across the parking lot, not in a hurry to be sucked into their colt, ready to bolt the minute a missionary comes out. I am Seven Day Adventist. Some say we are a colt, and although I try to hide it, secretly, I don't mind it too much, but in all honesty, I would rather worship my Ohana's pagan religion. I don't know anything about it because Dad has shielded it from me.
Their building is long and extensive, with five random windows on the Eastside. There is space for plenty more windows if they had wanted. The entrance has an arch with glass doors. The bricks are mauve, and the lawn is still dead from the winter. A breeze passes by, and goosebumps erupt on my skin.
I shouldn't have to struggle so much to open the heavy door. Island music welcomes me. My emotions flair as I think of the Islands. I want to move to Hawaii so badly. I can't see anyone in the empty lobby. I can usually hold my own in new situations, but this one terrifies me on multiple levels. I don't know what to expect.
I stand in the lobby and look at paintings of Jesus. He looks nice in them. There are couches to sit on, which tempt me to sit, but the music calls to me, pulls me towards a set of closed doors. My fate lies on the other side, either good or bad.
I squeak the door open to a small crack to spy through, and I relax when I see Polynesians like me. I don't know if they are Mormons or not, but at least I look like them. They are doing a hula kahiko I have seen kupunawahine do. I quietly slip in.
Warm radiant heat hits me with a flood of emotion. I feel like I am on the island again. I close my eyes and lucidly dream I am with my Ohana. I have left the mainland and the Smith's forever. I can finally be the person I was born to be.
I am startled to reality by a hand on my shoulder.
"Aloha'" he says. He is gorgeous. A Polynesian teen, with skin rich and brown. My heart stutters. I don't know who this is, but I don't want him ever to remove his hand.
"Aloha to you," I say in a flirtatious tone as I wrap a strand of hair around my finger. I sway my hips from left to right.
The scrumptious dude immediately speaks to me in Hawaiian. I have to keep my face from dropping. How badly I ache inside to understand him. Why didn't Makuahine teach me her native tongue? If she had spoken exclusively in Hawaiian when I was a baby, it would be as familiar to me as English. Dad fought against it. He is a krod. He says I live in America and should talk like all Americans do. Makuahine should not congest me with a dying language. I despise Dad sometimes.
"I am sorry," I reply, feeling ridiculous. "Makuahine never taught me Hawaiian, but you can." Why did I say such a stupid thing? He doesn't even know me. Why would he want to teach me?
"I would love to teach you," he says, licking his teeth. "My name is Kekoa, the brave one."
"You look brave," I say with a raise of my eyebrows. He doesn't have a shirt on, chiseled out of stone.
"You should see me doing my ha'a koa," he says, sticking his tongue out and squinting up his face. Wow, Kekoa is manly and sexy all rolled up in one.
"I would like that." I don't ever want to leave his side.
"What is your name?"
"Lao'"
"Welcome Lao. Have you come to join our club?"
I feel like a buffoon for inviting myself. I want to run out the door and hide. The only thing stopping me is Kekoa's good looks. He is drop-dead handsome. The more he talks to me, the better looking he becomes.
"If that's okay," I shyly reply, twisting my arms behind my back, exposing my neck.
"It's more than okay. It's perfect." He turns to the others in the room.
"Hey everyone, it's Lao'! Aloha Lao."
"Aloha," they say.
"Aloha," I reply.
I follow Kekoa to the middle of the spacious room. I almost forget I am in a Mormon Church. My mind quickly adds up everyone there and categorizes them.
Two little boys.
Seven little girls.
Twelve teenage girls.
Four teenage boys.
Eleven adult women.
Two adult men.
Obviously, women are more interested in the club than men. I hate there are twelve teen girls and only four teen boys. All the boys probably have a girlfriend. The other three boys are as hot as Kekoa, if not even more alluring. I would have to work hard to compete against the girls. I give them a quick look over. What am I up against? To my dismay, they are all gorgeous. I expected as much. I have never seen an ugly Polynesian. Four of the girls are really skinny. One is larger than Makuahine. The rest are my size. I have finally found a place I will fit in.
The music stops.
"What island are you from?" They ask.
"My family is from the main island," I say.
They bombard me with their origin. Jealousy enters. I wish I had lived in any of the places they say.
"Why did you join the club? What do you hope to get out of it? What dances do you know? Do you play the ukulele?" All questions they ask me. My head spins. I clam up, hands cold and sweaty—too much information and questions at once. I want them to return to their dancing, to forget me, well, I don't want the boys to ignore me.
"E makaukau? Why don't we return to the dance," one of the adults say? She ended up being the Kumu Hula, the one in charge of the hula.
Yes. I agree.
Some ladies pick up their sticks. Ukuleles queue the Kala' au while the men go to the side and watch. I stand alone, already forgotten. I've never learned how to use Kala' au sticks. Mesmerized, I watch their graceful movements. I want to join the men and bask in their greatness, or at least dance for them, but I do neither.
Kumu Hula comes to me. My heart flutters. She will know I am an imposter, not a real Polynesian, a dirty one with Smith blood.
"Do you need help?" she asks. Her question insults and embarrasses me. I shouldn't need help. I should know all the dances if Makuahine would have taught me.
"I'm fine," I say, even though I'm not. I feel out of place, wanting to run and hide, yet desiring to shine and be noticed.
Kumu Hula takes my hand and leads me to the middle of the group. Her hand seems slimy, and I want mine back. She gives me her stick.
"Now, sway the stick like this," she says. Holding her hand over mine, she demonstrates what she expects. I follow it, but somehow, I lack her smoothness.
"No, it's like this," she corrects. All the girls' eyes are on me. Thankfully, the boys aren't paying attention. The girls probably want me to leave. I want to leave.
We dance for an hour. My hips hurt. I don't improve at the hula any more than when I had entered. I wonder if they will ask me not to return. They bring out the food. Island food! Pipikaula, Spam musubi, Jicama, winged bean, and other delights. My tongue does a happy dance as I eat food I only get on the island. I miss my Ohana.
It's been too long since I ate authentic food. Makuahine only cooks American food, which is what Dad likes. With Dad being against our ways, I wonder why he married a Polynesian. He should have married a boring white girl. He denies being racist, but he is.
I eat way too much, unable to stop. The food settles like a brick. I have trained my stomach to rebel against food. Since no one talks to me at the moment, I slip away to find a bathroom.
I sneak out a side door, not knowing where to find the bathroom. Where would a bathroom be in a place like this? The church is like a rectangle. I walk around the outer perimeter until I almost end where I started when I find the woman's bathroom. Disappointed, I discover girls in there. I can't purge with them around. I go to the mirror and pull out a brush and brush my hair over and over until the toilets flush and two little girls come out, giggling. They look at me. I step aside so they can wash their hands. I admire their bright costumes.
"You are pretty," one says as she intently stares at me. I feel warm inside. I like the compliment, but I don't believe her. I steal a glance at my reflection. I am so fat, how can anyone think I am beautiful?
One of the girls reaches up and touches my long hair that reaches past my hips. I draw a lot of attention from my hair's length. The little girl seems embarrassed, and her face turns red. She grabs her friend's hand, and they run out the door. I want to tell her it's okay to touch my hair, but I need them to leave. Now I can do what I came to do. I quickly step into the hall to make sure no one is coming. I see the girls slip into the big room.
I go into the stall and lock the door. My stomach ready for what has to happen. I have conditioned it well. I squat by the toilet, a slave to my habit. I wish I could stop it, and yet, I never want to stop.
"Please tell me you are coming back," Kekoa says as he walks me to the car. His strong perfume intoxicates me as I inhale deeply. It's my new favorite smell.
"For sure. Do you always meet Mondays at 5 pm?" I ask. I twirl my hair in my fingers.
"Always," he says. His eyes are as dark as lava stones. I am in love.
Reluctantly I step into my car. The red paint job had dulled from when I first got it. White salt clings to it from the winter snow removal the city uses. I need to wax it to make it shine again.
I want to talk with Kekoa for the rest of my life, but he is already by another girl's side. She is pretty. Prettier than me.
I start my car and drive away. It vibrates as I head home. The whole experience was engaging. I felt in heaven being around my Ohana culture, but I also felt like a bumbling idiot who had no idea what to do.
Maybe Makuahine could practice with me so I could get better. I wish she would teach me more. I can't ask her. She will tell Dad about my club, and he will say no.
I guess I'll have to practice with YouTube in secret.


CHAPTER 6-Broken Hearted and Humiliated


Caught in the cross-fire of a food fight, I try to duck as red soda splashes my right side while blue soda soaks my left. Shock renders me powerless because I didn't expect that, and I don't know what to do.
The ground shakes as a bull in full furry charges. I turn to see Ted Rumblehoff charge toward us. Is that foam spilling from his mouth? Before I can blink, more soda sprays my head, dripping down my face.
"Not okay, not okay, not okay!" Ted screams, making quick time from across the room. The warring children see the massive figure bear upon us, and they scatter like American Cockroaches living in a swamp shack. Ted passes me in his rage, but the children are gone. If they have any smarts, they will stay clear of Ted for the rest of the night. When he realizes his defeat, he turns his anger to me.
"Why did you let those kids have a food fight? Why did you encourage them? That is your job to stop such behavior and maintain order."
My eyes sting from the sugary drink dripping in them. Every part of my body is wet and sticky.
"You think I wanted this?" I shake my hands, and droplets splatter Ted's cheek.
It's the grand opening to Tramp Haven. I think the term packed in like sardines underplays the mass gathering taking place, everyone there for a free event and food. All employees must work today. I had spent extra time making myself pretty, but thanks to those food fighting brats, I look like a train wreck, and my boss hates me.
"Where do you think you are going?" Ted growls at me.
I turn and face him. I detest that mole-looking man, but he is my boss, so I must steady my voice.
"I am going to the bathroom to wash the sticky soda off of me."
"Oh no, you don't! It is not your break. When it is your break, you can go to the bathroom or whatever you desire."
"Seriously!" I say tartly.
Ted flashes a look worse than my father could muster up. The challenge is on. I clench my fists, but I must back down. I want this job.
"Yes, sir." To keep me from doing anything I regret, I turn my back to Ted and crew my station.
"Please don't jump with the baby in your hand," I say to the woman for what feels like the hundredth time.
"Oh, sorry," she replies as if hearing it for the first time.
"That is what he said, but I didn't believe him." Brad's voice drifts to me. I search the room, my eyes craving to see the gorgeous biker.
It doesn't take long for me to spot him. My breakfast milk spoils in my stomach. Why is he with that weird Virtue, the fat teen who wears grandma clothes? At least she makes me look good; she would make a garbage can look good.
"Hey Brad," I say in a flirtatious voice. "You never called." My finger twirls around my hair, my sticky hair.
Brad walks away from Virtue. Thankfully, she doesn't follow him. I can't stand her. What a mammoth!
"You never called me," I say and puff my lip. I can get my way with most boys if I pout, a trick I learned in elementary.
He puts his soft hands on my arm, and my head goes light. I stumble a little, afraid I might faint. Brad has a power over me. Maybe I like the bad boy look. He seems like a rocker with his long hair. Dad would die if he saw me flirting with him.
"Forgive me. I have had a lot on my mind." Brad says. His eyes have trapped my eyes. My body heats up, and it was already hot. I wish he weren't lying because I am not worth calling or remembering. Sadness overwhelms me. I can't let it show. I smile extra big despite the dejection I feel.
"I just figured you weren't interested in me." I twirl my hair around my finger. How can I look any cuter?
"Oh, I am interested. I am VERY interested. Can I make it up to you?" He says, looking at me. My heart flutters, almost arresting. Maybe he does like me!
"How about a date and a ride on your bike?" I want to ride his bike so bad. Wouldn't it be cool if I had a boyfriend who rode a motorcycle? Everywhere we went, we could go on his motorcycle. It would be dope.
"Yes. When?"
He said, yes!
"How about tomorrow?”
I can't help my face from dropping. Tomorrow is the sabbath. My sabbath is Saturday, the day where every teen in America has fun, except us. We worship. "I am sorry. I can't. How about Sunday?"
"It's the sabbath, the day of rest. I wouldn't feel good about taking you to a restaurant and making someone work, but we could do a picnic."
"Sunday isn't my sabbath," I sway back and forth.
"Are you Jewish?" he asks.
"No, Seventh Day Adventist, but I really don't want to talk about it. I would date you tomorrow, but Dad won't let me. It's his Sabbath."
"Then I won't let you either. I respect your dad."
Is Brad for real?
"You haven't even met my dad." If he knew Dad, he would hate him because Dad would disapprove of Brad in every way.
"Still, he is your father, and I respect anything he says."
"Whatever. A Sunday drive and picnic sounds delightful. Do you think it will be warm enough for a picnic?"
It had been chilly lately. "I hope so. If not, we can have our picnic in the mall. We won't be making anyone work if we do that."
"That sounds kind of fun," I say with a smile. "A picnic in the mall."
Sunday took its sweet time getting here because this date is my obsession. Brad has become the object of my fantasies, and whenever I think about him, I get high. I have never been on a date before, and I don't want to mess it up.
"Do you mind if I change first?" I ask Brad, embarrassed to be in my work outfit, which makes me look like a walrus because it's too tight. I had lied to my parents and said I worked. Dad is against me, dating. I should have shown up early to change before Brad got off. What a nitwit I am. However, I did spend an hour at home, making my hair and face look good, at least I had that, but I need to change into something sexier. I am not going on a date in my work outfit.
"Please do." He says, tossing the hair out of his brilliant pale gray eyes. Can he be any more stunning?
I head to the bathroom.
"Hey, Brad, how are you?" I hear Virtue ask, with a voice resembling a goat. I turn and see Brad give her a big hug. I can't help but glare. What is he doing with that heifer? He has a date with me. Why would he even talk to her?
As I slip into the bathroom, I see a big smile on Brad's face. He seems to like her way too much. I am livid. I must be extra ugly if I can lose to someone like Virtue. Hot tears burn down my face as I gaze into the bathroom mirror. Virtue is a cow. If he likes Virtue more than me, then what is the point of life?
I pull a bobby pin out of my hair and slice it across my arm. Burning rage torches my skin. I want to scream or smash the mirror. Why can't I command boys' attention as Candus does? She is the popular girl that works here. Every guy drolls around her. The red scratch brings me a small amount of comfort, but not enough, so I slice over my arm again and again. It's not too deep but profound enough to draw blood.
I hate Virtue. I hate life. I look at my ugly face. How can I lose to a cow who wears grandma clothes?
The bathroom has two sinks, with only one container of towels on the right side. It needs two towel containers, so no one has to reach over the other person. There are two regular stalls and an accessible stall. The mirror is long and bright, already spotted with fingerprints and watermarks. An automatic freshener keeps it smelling decent.
I pull out my sexy black skirt. Dad would ground me for life if he saw me in this. I had brought it for this date. I am glad I did. There is no way Virtue could ever wear anything like this.
This is my chance to make Brad forget Virtue.
I know I have been in the bathroom for a while. Maybe Virtue will be gone. I am sick when I come out and see she is still with Brad. Leave already!
"What are you still doing here?" I say as snotty as I can. She needs to run along.
"Um, waiting for our date," Brad says.
"Not you, her," I say, pointing to Virtue. It comes out snippier than I had meant.
"I'm sorry, ah, I'm going," Virtue stammers.
"You better," I growl. I want to intimate Virtue, so she will never talk to Brad again.
I feel invigorated as I see Virtue turn her back to us and run. She better run.
Brad does something I hadn't expected. He reaches After Virtue. Just let the horse go. Your date is with me.
"Virtue, it's okay. Don't run off," he says. What is he doing? Things are out of control. He is picking her over me.
"What do you mean it's okay? Aren't you taking me out, or did this hideous thing take my place?" I spit out. Competition with Virtue brings out the worst in me. If I lose to her, then I am worth nothing.
Brad lets go of her arm and touches my hand. "Lao', you are the most beautiful girl I have met. I thought I wanted to date you, but I am not sure anymore. To me, I am way more interested in the inner beauty than the outer shell. I am appalled by what you just said to Virtue. I hope that maybe we can still take that date in the future, but I can't take you out today, not now, not after what you just did to Virtue, a beautiful daughter of God. She is one of the most beautiful girls I know inside and out. I hope you are not as ugly on the inside as I just saw." It felt condescending.
"God bless you, and have a good day, Lao'." He turns his back to me. He literally turns his back to me! He puts his arm through Virtue's and walks away!
I stare after them, shocked because I have lost. My title stolen by the ugliest girl on earth.
I have no value. My worth is less than the scum around a toilet bowl. The acid churns in my stomach. I hate life. I hate Virtue. But most of all, I hate myself. Furry combusts within. I need to be alone. I run back into the bathroom and plunge my head into the toilet. I am worthless.
Lacking energy makes it hard to get out of bed. My nose drips, my sinuses bulge. I feel like a balloon. I've noticed I always battle one sickness after another. I learned in health class when you don't nourish your body properly, it has a hard time fighting infections. I want the food to stay down, I do, but I need it out more than I want it in. I guess another cold is a small price to pay to keep from becoming a walrus.
I sit in bed and wipe my nose on a tissue, and its roughness tares at my nose, making it sting even more. I dislike it when Dad does the shopping. Makuahine buys the tissue with lotion in it, while Dad buys the cheapest thing on the shelf. A pile of used tissues litters the floor. I should pick them up, but I lack the stamina.
My study sheet lays in the pile of tissue. I have a test today, and I should do good. I have studied hard, but I want to go back to bed. I feel like a dump truck did figure eights on me. I try to go over the guide one more time, but I can't think. I again drop it on the floor. Not feeling good, I should let myself sleep. School isn't for three more hours. I close my eyes, but my list of morning rituals screams at me. If I fall asleep, then my room won't get clean.
I touch up my room every morning. It isn't what I would call trashed. Everything is organized and in place, but it isn't clean. I get out my supplies and dust my dresser as my nose drips. I shove a piece of tissue up my nose to block the flow. I refold the clothes in my drawer. I make sure everything is perfect. Makuahine and Dad brag to all their friends about how clean I am. I bet they don't know it's killing me to do so. Like today, I should go back to sleep, but I can't, not in a room like this.
I wanted to decorate my room with an island theme, but Dad said it would give me false ambitions. My family is from the island! What is he talking about?
"You need a place to foster creativity, and I have the perfect color scheme that will pull that out." He decorated it with green, burgundy, and gold, making it look more like an old man's den than a girl's room. I didn't get one say in it. My burgundy carpet shows dirt way too easy, so now I have to vacuum it daily. I have nine pairs of shoes, thirty-seven shirts, eight pairs of pants, two skirts, and one dress in my closet.
My clothes for today are already laid out and waiting for me from the night before. I ironed them yesterday.
Exhausted, I almost fall asleep in my biology test. I second guess numerous answers because my brain lacks clarity. Why am I sick on a test day? I should ace this test, but I can't. What if I fail it? Then I fail biology. What if I don't pass eleventh grade, and I have to retake it while all my friends move onto their senior year? My stomach hurts.
After school, I hurry to work. I hope Brad or Tesla will be here. I straighten my Tramp Haven shirt. One can never look good in a work shirt and stretchy pants. On my way in, I smile at a young girl. I hope to be the best employee here, but I don't know how. I am such a complete idiot. What if I make a mistake? What if I look stupid in front of everyone?
"You will work in the small tramp area." Ted taps his foot as if waiting for a response from me.
"Yes, sir," I say as I pick at the split ends of my hair. He continues to tap, so I turn and walk away, unsure what else to do. I share the area with a guy my age, but it's not Brad or Tesla. There are nine tramps in here. They are smaller and tighter than the others, which makes bouncing harder.
"Hey, my name is Ryan," he says.
"Lao'," I say back. Ryan isn't very cute, instead, tall and gangly. He reminds me of a super geek.
"Where do you go to school?" he asks.
I look around. I saw Tesla on the schedule, but I haven't seen him yet. I wish we worked in the same area together. Can I manage a whole shift with Ryan's nasally voice? He also sounds like he has phlegm stuck in his throat. Why won't he clear it already? I work a four-hour shift today, getting off at seven, then I will jump for two hours until I go home. My parents won't know I am getting extra exercise. They think my shift ends at 9.
"Hey, is anyone in there?" Ryan asks, waving at my face.
I don't want him that close to me. I step back. "Oh, sorry. Did you say something?" I don't want to talk with him.
"Yes, I did, as a matter of fact. How can you do your job if you do not pay attention? I asked what school you go to."
"Whitefish junction," I say in boredom. I look at my watch. Two minutes have passed, and there are no customers in our area. I don't know what bugs me about Ryan, but I don't want to talk to him. I turn my back as I look at my watch again. It's going to be a long shift.
"No way, so do I. What grade are you in?"
"Eleventh."
"Me too! I wonder if we have any classes together."
His face seems as unfamiliar to me as Africa is. I doubt we have any classes together.
"My first period is English with Dr. Hall. Who do you have?"
I can't believe it. I have Dr. Hall as well. I look closer at Ryan. Is he really in the same class as me? "I have her too," I say.
"Second period. Art. Mr. Fletcher."
"Nope, PE. Miss Vanderbuilt."
We have ten periods at school, divided between A days and B days. Five classes on A day, and five on B-day. Ryan went through all the periods with me. I thought my eyeballs would pop out by the time he finished his interrogation. We discovered we had four classes together. Ryan annoyed me like no other, rambling on for two hours, never stopping for a breath. If he were in four of my classes, I would have remembered him. Indeed he is probably one of those kids who ask lots of questions and brown noses the teacher.
"Are you Mormon?" he continues.
"Why would you assume as much?"
"I'm Mormon. I got this job to save for a mission."
What do I care? "My Dad wants me to go on a mission," I say.
"But you're not Mormon?"
"No. Again, why would you assume as much?" He drives me crazy.
Ryan rubs his strawberry blond hair, cut short like he is in the military. I can tell he is in JROTC because he has that look. "I'm so excited about my church. I love it. I want to share it with everyone. Have you ever been to a Mormon church?"
I just went to one for my Polynesian club. I wonder if that counted. "Yes."
"Did you have a good experience?"
"Sure," I walk to the other side of the room. Ryan follows directly behind me. What is his deal?
"Come here, Ryan. I have something to show you." Twelve stories above us is the highest trampoline in the place. We make good time up the stairs, with Ryan practically running me over.
"Can you do a flip?" I ask with my voice sweat and high.
"Of course I can," he says as he bounces, then flips.
In mid-rotation, I push Ryan through the conveniently open window.
"Good riddance," I say.
My soul turns charcoal grey. Am I really that evil? Ryan sucks in backward through the window and back on the tramp.
"Did you see my flip?" He asks. "Watch this. I can do eight." Ryan executes eight executive flips in a row."
"I am the best," Ryan boasts.
"Hey," we hear Ted below us. "Gather around people."
Instantly we are by his side.
"Since Lao' and Ryan work so well together, we are going to bind them to each other for all shifts." Ted connects a metal chain around our wrists.
Frantically I try to remove the chain, but it only cinches tighter.
"Isn't it great? We are bound for eternity." Ryan smiles.
Customers race into our area. A group of loud, screaming kids excited for the freedom of the tramp surrounds us. I pull out of my daydream. Ryan immediately shells out directions. This is probably the only place people listen to him.
Not one kid gives him any notice.
No, I guess I am wrong. No one probably ever notices him.
"Why didn't you get baptized?" He grills me when our area slows down.
Who is this guy?
"Listen. I had a baptismal vow for the Seventh Day Adventist Church. I am good. If you don't mind, I would prefer we don't talk about religion. I promise, if you don't try to convert me, I won't try to convert you."
"I don't mind if you try to convert me. Go for it. We will compare gospel to gospel. You will see I have the truth."
"Listen, Ryan, I am trying to be nice," I say through clenched teeth. I have to stop myself from unleashing all furry on Ryan. I try to compose myself since the area has again filled with patrons, and I need to look professional. "I don't want to join your church, nor do I want to learn anything about it. Please respect me, and I will respect you."
Ryan's face drops with disappointment. I know he wanted to baptize me. Why do I have to work with Ryan? Tesla would have been dreamy to work with. Ryan jabbers and jabbers. His non-coherent babbling makes the time drag.
I rip my ears out and toss them in the foam pit. Ryan continues yammering, but the joke is on him. I can no longer hear.
Wait! I don't want to lose my hearing. My ears grow back on my head. A crow swoops in through the open window and flies down Ryan's mouth. He removes Ryan's voice box and flies away. Ryan's face turns red as he jumps up and down in despair. His face reddens as he attempts to yell.
Yes, that is more like it—silence from Ryan.
He rolls on the floor in a fit of despair.
"Ryan!" Ted Rumblehoff shouts as he comes into the room. I shake out of my fantasy. Ted has a potbelly that looks like he swallowed a basketball. I hold in my snickering. He snorts and stands by me even though he talks to Ryan. "It's break time. You get fifteen minutes."
"Do I have to clock out?"
"No! We told you how it worked in training. You don't clock out." He growls. There is an awful smell on Ted, like a mixture of rotten carcass and dog crap. He wears a button-up shirt, which is way too tight on him. His brown pants don't match the orange in his shirt.
"Stop running," I call after a girl as I walk toward her. I need to distance myself from Ted. He stinks!
Ted stands and watches me, making me nervous. I don't like the way he looks at me.
"Please don't rough house," I call to two boys. They tumble around the mat. They don't care about anything I say. One body slams into the other.
"We don't rough house here!" Ted barks at them. That got their attention. They stop what they are doing and stare after him, then bolt to another room.
"Hey, don't run. Don't run!" Ted yells storming after them. If he isn't careful, he is going to scare all of his customers away.
Why does he own this place? He is way too cranky for a job like this. He would make an excellent school janitor.
I relax. It's nice to have Ryan and Ted gone, even if it's for fifteen minutes. I look at my watch. I only have eleven more minutes of a break until Ryan returns.
"You should check out the snack bar," Ryan says, pulling me out of my serenity. I look at my watch. He came back three minutes early. Ugh.
"Ted told me to send you on break."
Without waiting for him to say another thing, I bolt. I can't take another minute of religious Ryan.
"Hey girl," the man behind the concession stand says. "I am Rueben." Rueben, an older dude, has short spikey hair. It looks brown, with bleached tips. How silly. He is way too old for such a look, not to forget his arms covered in leather bracelets. Several necklaces dangle at his neck. He winks at me, causing my skin to crawl.
"What's your name?"
"Lao'."
"Awe, are you Tongan?"
"No, Hawaiian."
"Close enough."
Close enough. Close enough. Tell that to a Korean and a Chinese. You are close enough. That wouldn't be acceptable for them, and it isn't tolerable for me.
Ruben's right nostril is larger than the other, and his features are crooked. Is he aware of this?
I am done with Rueben. I scan the menu. Most of it is fried or sugar.
"How about a small berry smoothie?" I say. I would have to remember to bring food next shift.
"Good choice," he says. He takes my money and makes the smoothie.
"Here you go, doll," he says.
The smoothie is enormous! "I ordered a small."
"I know. I charged you for a small, but a cute girl like you deserves a large." He winks again.
Eww!
This guy creeps me out. I look at my watch, realizing I have already used half of my break.
"How old are you?" he asks.
I don't want to waste my break on some old dude. I take a bite of the smoothie, feeling the cold penetrate my tongue and shoot to my head—brain freeze. My hand cradles my head.
"Ah, brain freeze," he laughs. "Seriously though, how old are you?"
"Seventeen."
"So young and fine. How old do you think I am?"
I don't care. I shrug as I take another bite of my smoothie. My tongue appreciates the smooth, delightful flavor.
"Seriously, just guess." He props his head into his hands and stares at me as if he is a gift to all women.
"Fifty," I say, throwing a number out there.
His hands go to his heart. "Oh, you wounded me. What an insult. I am only thirty."
"Sorry," I say with sass. I don't mean it.
"Hey, Lao'! Break is over. Get back to work!" Ted yells from across the room.
I look at my watch and see I still have three minutes left. I have hardly touched my smoothie. Before I can walk away from the counter, Rueben reaches out and takes the smoothie from me. I am shocked by his boldness.
"We don't want that to go to waste. I will put it in the freezer until the end of your shift. Come get it before you leave." He winks at me then turns around. I have to make my escape. I run to my area.
"Hey, Lao'! You know better. We don't run," Ted screams after me. Ugh! He is everywhere.
I return to Ryan, who seems most eager to pick up the conversation where we left off. Thankfully he doesn't talk any more religion. My head kills. My sinuses burn, and I want to go home and sleep. Ryan makes the rest of my shift drag with his mindless chatter. After three centuries, Ted excuses me to clock out. Apparently, Ryan has a longer shift.
I had planned to stay and jump for two hours, but I feel stupid when I look around at my coworkers. I can't jump for two hours while they watch me. Disappoint. What am I to do? I had planned on getting in those two hours of exercise. My friend, Heather's father, owns a gym. It's fifteen minutes away. I will go there to work out. Bummed, I will lose half an hour of exercising to commute there. Oh well, it is better than missing out on the whole thing.
I walk by the concessions counter on my way out when Rueben calls out to me. I try to ignore him. He leaves his counter, even though there are customers, and he runs to my side.
"You forgot your smoothie," he says, handing it to me. The coldness radiates into my hand.
"Thanks," I say, even though I don't mean it.
"What school do you go to?" he asks me. I don't want an old dude to know too much about me.
"Whitefish Junction," I dutifully say, even though I don't want to.
"Good school, good school. My wife went there."
I am relieved to hear he is married.
"I think she got in trouble there. She really isn't a good person. I go to work and slave away, and when I come home, the house is always dirty, and the kids are filthy. The school didn't do a good job of teaching her how to be a wife and mother."
Reuben is a pig!
"I gotta go," I say and walk toward the door. Reuben returns to the concession counter, where an extensive line has formed. He should be attending to them, not flirting with me. He's old enough to be my Dad.
"Lao'" Someone yells. I wish people would leave me alone. This has been a long day. I thought I would like my job, but so far, it's been miserable.
I turn with a scowl but quickly drop the dirty look. It's Tesla. I smile.
He looks stunning in stretchy pants.
"I didn't know you were working today," he says.
"Yea, I didn't know you were either."
Oh, I knew.
"Too bad we didn't work together," he smoothly says. I adore his tall, rock-solid physique. His goatee matches his dark hair. Even though he isn't quite as lovely as the Polynesian men from the club, he is a close second.
"I would have liked to have worked with you, too."
"Next time, let's try to get on the same floor," he says. I can't believe how close he stands to me. Having him this close makes my heart race. I lean into him, where my arm touches his arm. My body shakes in jitteriness. Tesla is my drug, and he is giving me a mighty high.
"Tesla, back on the floor," Ted hollers.
He is everywhere!
"See you next time," Tesla calls as he sleekly turns around. He is amazing!
On my next shift, I am doomed to work with Ryan again. He chatters and chatters. If I have to work with him for every shift, I will quit.


CHAPTER 7-New Hopes and Friends


I struggle to breathe. Too many bodies squeezed next to mine. My head spins. I need fresh air. It's always stuffy in here, the room barely the size of a closet, located in the church basement. Dad makes me go to Pathfinders, a religious club, similar to boy scouts. I have attended since fifth grade, and I don't particularly like it. I would rather spend my time doing other things. Now, in the eleventh grade, I am in the Master Guide program, training me to be a leader. Who says I want to be a leader.
Yes, I am a perfectionist and put 110% into almost everything I do. My work reflects me, and I strive to be my very best. This is who I am, except when it comes to church. I don't know how I feel about being a Seventh Day Adventist. I mean, I believe in God and all it teaches, but I don't care. Is that bad? There are so many rules that make me stand apart from everyone in school. We aren't allowed to eat pork. We don't drink coffee, tea, or caffeine drinks. My generation survives on Monster drinks, and I am not allowed to touch them.
Ugh. Dad is a Conservative Adventist, so he is extra strict. Some of my church friend's parents aren't strict, like Dad, and my friends are allowed to do more than I am. According to Dad's rules, I can't have piercings, jewelry, or tattoos. Tattoos are a mark of heritage with my Ohana. Dad and Makuahine don't even wear wedding rings. I am not allowed to the movies, the theater, concerts, and I am certainly not allowed to dance. Doesn't Dad realize dancing is a vital part of my culture, my Hawaiian culture? Maybe I would be more proud of my religion if Dad wasn't rigid in it; if he allowed me to be more like the kids at school.
The Pathfinder meeting drags extra-long. I wish I could have a Rockstar to wake me up. Dad doesn't know it, but I sneak them at school. They help me focus in class. I can't wait until I move out on my own, then I can stop attending these meetings.
"Lao'," Marcus says. What does he want? The meeting has ended, and I want to go home. It's been a long day, and I have mounds of homework to do. "Did you see this?" he says, shoving a pamphlet at me. I take it. "It's a mission for Master Guide Pathfinders." Marcus has been my friend for most of my life. He must be God's pride and joy, perfectly religious in every way. The smell of old carpet hits me. I hate the way it smells in here.
I try to hand it back, but he doesn't take it. "I don't think a mission is right for me," I say. I hope he doesn't hate me. That isn't the acceptable talk of a Pathfinder, but he should know me.
In the corner of the room collects a dusty pile of paper. It never moves. Those papers have been there as long as I can remember. The short carpet is laid out in squares. There are three hundred and thirty-eight squares with a long patch of linoleum.
"Yea, but did you see where the mission is?"
I look at the pamphlet with a picture of a beautiful beach on it. The mission is in Hawaii! Suddenly, I have an interest. I open the brochure and skim through the details. The mission is designed for us to bring other youth to the ministry. Missionaries would be given a dorm to live in as they finished their education at Hawaiian Mission Academy. After school, the youth would spend their time serving in the community and bringing others to God.
I am incredibly interested!
"Thanks, Marcus."
His parents are Conservative Adventists like Dad. Marcus loves our religion and has brought several of his friends to baptism. "Are you going?"
"No. I want to do a mission with the ADRA (Adventist Development and Relief Agency). I am saving my money to work in third world countries." Of course, he is. "But, I know how badly you want to live in Hawaii. This is your chance. How can your Dad turn this down? He would be proud of you if you were on a mission. If you serve in Hawaii, you both win."
If I go to Hawaii, we both win. I love the sound of that. I had begged Dad to let me visit Hawaii more often, but he turns me down. My Ohana has pagan beliefs, and he tries to keep me as far from it as he can. But how can Dad turn me down for a mission? He served a mission in Hawaii. I would think he would be excited to see me follow in his footsteps.
Over the next week, I try to ask Dad about the mission, but I can't because I am too scared. I know I only get one chance with Dad. That's it. Once he says no, I am never allowed to talk about it again. I can't mess up.
I share my work shift with Candus Mitchell. Why can't I ever work in an area with Tesla? I look at Candus. She is dyme, even making the stupid uniform look good. She is skinny and gorgeous. Why can't I be more like her?
"Your Lao', right?" Candus says. She has perfect skin, without blemishes or zits. Not me. I have a pizza face, with my fair share of acne.
"Yes."
"I am Candus." She pops her gum. Even the way she smacks it is cool. "How do you like working here?"
"I don't know. I thought I would like it more than I do. They keep making me work with Ryan, and I can't stand him."
"Thankfully, I have never had to work with him." Candus puts her nose in the air. "He is such a duck."
"No doubt," I say. "And he keeps trying to force his religion down my throat. And the worse thing is, it turns out we have four classes together at school. Now he comes and talks to me in all our classes. I want him to leave me alone. Oh, yeah, and he brought me some book from his church. I don't want to read it. Why do all Mormons have to be pushy? I can't stand it."
"I am Mormon," Candus says.
Great, another Mormon!
"Sorry," I say. I don't want to offend her.
"No, don't be sorry. I know we Mormons can come on strong, but don't judge us all by Ryan. I promise I will never talk religion with you unless you want to. We aren't bad. It's just we feel like we have a special gift from God, and since it is spectacular, we want to share it, but I am not like that."
I think about Marcus. I know he shares our religion with everyone he meets. Adventists are supposed to be like that too, but I am not. Missionary work frightens me. Maybe Candus is right. I would hate for her to judge my church by Marcus.
"Have you had the privilege of meeting Rueben?" Candus asks, changing the subject. Thank goodness, since I don't like discussing religion with others. Mine is restricting, and it embarrasses me.
"Oh, I cannot stand that guy. What is his deal? Like, he thinks he is our age and that he is the greatest gift to women on this earth. He is such a creep."
"He is a creep, but if you play him right, you can get free things." She pops her gum.
I thought about the large smoothie he gave me instead of the small one I had ordered. Maybe I could play him for free things.
"Do you get free things from him?"
"All the time," Candus says, sticking her chin up. "He is so easy to play. All I have to do is flirt back, and he will give me whatever I want."
"Maybe I will have to try it."
"You should. Do you like any of the boys here?"
My heart jumps as I think about Tesla. I can't help but smile. "Tesla and Brad are pretty hot."
"Eww, Brad. The rocker who pukes all over himself?" Candus face contorts. Obviously, she doesn't like Brad.
He had shown up to the orientation meeting with puke on his shirt. It was sort of gross how he had worn his puke, but he is too cute to let that get in the way. "Yeah, I guess that was pretty gross," I say instead of sticking to my own thoughts.
"Oh, but Tesla, he is fine, fine, fine," Candus says, licking her lips. They are thick and compliment her face.
"Indeed," I say, getting all warm inside.
I can't believe how easy it is to talk to Candus. I thought she was going to be stuck up, but I was wrong.
"What do you think about Preston?"
I hadn't worked with Preston. I remember him from the meeting, but that was it. "I don't know. He wasn't too cute."
"Kristy?"
"I don't think I want to date Kristy," I say, making a joke.
"No, I know. What do you think about her?"
"Well, she looks like a girl jock. I guess she is okay."
"I don't like her," Candus says.
"I don't know her enough to make a decision."
"Oh, have you seen Virtue? Isn't she a piece of work? You know she only has a job here because her uncle and aunt own this place. I think it is a mistake to give her a job here. She might scare all the customers away." I was talking rudely about the girl who had gotten me this job.
"Who's Virtue?"
"You know, the one who showed up in the grandma suite."
Oh yeah, Virtue. The lard muffin who Brad picked over me. Her very name brings acid to my throat. I swallow.
"Oh, yeah. She's weird."
"You know, she's atheist. Doesn't even believe in God."
"That is sad."
"Isn't it."
"What grade are you in?" I ask.
Candus' face drops. She looks uncomfortable. "Tenth," she says.
"I am in eleventh. Do you drive yet?"
Candus looks even more awkward. Her eyes shift back and forth. "No. My parents won't take me out driving enough."
"Okay, people!" Ted yells as he walks into our area. We are working at the foam pits. "Less chatting and more working."
I don't know what he expects us to do. There aren't any customers in our section. We are there to make sure the rules are followed.
Candus walks to the other side of the area. "Sorry," she says sweetly.
I like her.
The congested room brims over with little people when Tesla walks in and comes right up to me.
Be still my heart.
I need to act composed.
"Aloha, Lao'," his smooth voice says. My fingers tingle. He is fine. It only takes milliseconds for Candus to join us. She's already drooling all over herself.
"Hey," Candus says, licking her lips.
"Hey, to you," he says with a wink. "Ted is around the corner. I only have a second to talk before he chases me away. How about you ladies join me for coffee after work. My shift ends at nine."
"I would love to," Candus says, flashing her white teeth at him. My teeth have a brown tint to them that I can't get rid of. Candus, the goddess of perfection.
"Maybe," I say. Nine is late to start a date.
"Tesla, you are not at your assigned station!" Ted screams. "Lao', Candus, separate."
Tesla books it out of the room. Candus and I part as if we were allergic to each other. After a few minutes, Candus moves back to me.
"Hey, can I tell my parents we are studying together after work?"
What a brilliant idea. "Yes, and I will do the same." Dad is against me, dating in every form and fashion, but studying, that he supports.
"I am not allowed to date until I am sixteen," Candus says, then her face looks horrified for the secret she spilled.
"You're not sixteen? How old are you?" She has a young face but could pass for sixteen.
Candus looks sheepish. "Oh, crap. I can't believe I said that. Do you promise to keep a secret?" She looks around the room in fear.
"Yes."
"I am fourteen."
Holy cow, she is young. "How did you get the job?"
"I lied. Please don't tell anyone." Why is she telling me this? We barely know each other.
I stick my pinky out to her. "I won't. I pinky promise."
"I turn fifteen next month. I don't see what the big deal is."
"Come on, people," Ted hollers. "Separate!"
He doesn't' care about professionalism. He yells at any of his employees despite who is around. As a matter of fact, he even yells at the customers.
My mind trails off, and I try to count all the foam in the pit. It takes my whole shift because people keep jumping in and ruining my count.
After my shift, I push myself extra hard at the gym, just in case I consume extra calories when I go out with Candus and Tesla. Makuahine told me to be home no later than ten-thirty. That would give me about an hour to hang with Tesla and Candus. I can hardly wait.

I have been working on my heritage assignment for two weeks. It's due tomorrow. I reread it for the hundredth time.
Aloha. My name is Lao'Smith. I am half Polynesian and half Caucasian. I am thankful for my Polynesian heritage, for it gives me beautiful, silky brown skin, skin as rich as milk chocolate silk. I have been to the Hawaiian Islands a couple of times and am proud to be from there. My relatives have such a rich culture, and I wish I could live there with them.
I am Polynesian on my mom's side. For some reason, I think that Makuahine (mom) is ashamed to be Polynesian. She seems to have buried all her traditions to mold into Dad's boring traditions.
My extended Hawaiian Ohana (family) do many spiritual things together. I love their chanting. During our reunions, there is always time for chanting. It is during those times I learn about my early ancestors. Then we do the hula, with my kupunawahine (grandma), who is the Kahuna, and we follow her lead. I am the only hoahānau, (cousin) who doesn't do the hula very well. My family is the champ at hip-swaying, catching the movement of the waves perfectly. I am the only one in the family who lacks hip movement. Stupid caucasian genes. I try to get Makuahine to teach me at home, but she won't. Also, when I have been there, they always have a big Luau where they invite the Ohana, Hoaloha (friends), and hoa kaiahome (neighbors). It is the greatest party ever. I might have the Hawaiian names wrong, for Makuahine refuses to teach me.
Dad's side is so boring. We are the Smiths. The Smiths are as Caucasian as can be. They get together for BBQs and lots of church. Church, church, church. Our life is made up of the white man's church. I am a forced member of the Seventh Day Adventists. Although I believe as they do, I really envy my hoahānau and their way of worship. Kupunawahine is a kahuna, and she leads my people in worship. Even though the island is getting populated by Mormons, Jehovah Witnesses, Catholics, Seventh Day Adventists, Protestants, Muslims, you name it, Kupunawahine has been able to hold onto many of the old ways, and she leads my Ohana in spiritual traditions.
Sometimes I have a really hard time being a Seventh Day Adventist. We celebrate our Sabbath starting Friday night all the way to Saturday night. This is the exact time when all my friends are getting together and enjoying life. I want to be with them, not stuck studying the bible with my parents. Every Friday night, we welcome in the Sabbath with our vespers. Dad is animate about vesper, and we better be dead if we miss it, or we are going to be.
Dad is big into the church. That is how he met Makuahine. He was on some type of mission in Hawaii when they met. Dad says it was love at first sight as he watched Makuahine do the hula. If she is that good, then why doesn't she teach me? They didn't even date after they met. Dad asked Makuahine if she would marry him, and then he brought her back to good old Whitefish Junction. I can't imagine she was happy when she came here.
Whitefish Junction is a nice place to live, but it is so deserty compared to Hawaii. Everything dries out and dies in the summer. Home looks like one dead desert. The heat is intense and chars our skin. The winters are bitterly cold, freezing and killing everything the heat didn't already destroy. How could Makuahine had been happy to come here with Dad? Hawaii has perfect weather. It is 80 degrees year-round. I would give my right arm to live in Hawaii. I plan on moving there the day I turn 18. Makuahine can stay here with all the Smiths and their inferno summer heat and frigid winters.
I don't see much of Makuahine's Ohana. No one ever comes here to visit. I don't blame them. If I ever move to Hawaii, I will never come back. I am embarrassed to admit I don't know a lot about our traditions because Makuahine won't share them with me. "We are Smiths now. That is what is important." That's what she is always saying to me. When I get married, I am not selling my identity to become my husband. I will stay me!
I should turn in my essay. I've worked hard on it, but I don't dare. What if Dad reads it? Even though I have spent weeks on it, I rip it up. It's not good enough. I am not good enough.


CHAPTER 8-Island Hopes


"Just think of me as your advocate," Dr. Nutley had told me during one of our sessions. Therapy was going well. I wouldn't admit it to Dad. Dr. Nutley had tremendous insight, making me feel not so much as a common key. He seemed to twist all the negative things I said about myself into positive strengths. He regularly gave me homework; the problem was, I never followed through. I am extremely busy with school, work, church, Polynesian club, and life. I don't feel like I have time for one more assignment. When Dr. Nutley calls me out on my lack of effort, I do feel foolish.
His desk is cluttered with a pile of papers. If I look close enough, I can read the names of his other clients. I am pretty sure that breaks some sort of ethical code. I hope he never leaves my name out for others to read. I will bring this up to Dad, and maybe he will fire him.
Despite my trepidation, Dr. Nutley draws me in. I think it's because he sincerely cares. I try to stop it, but I find myself opening up to Dr. Nutley. It feels good to have someone with who I share my deepest, darkest secrets. I think I can tell him anything.
I plan on getting Dr. Nutley to help me.
"You know how you said you were my advocate?" I shyly ask.
"Of course." He scratches his beard. Does he ever wash that thing? I will never marry a man with a beard. Eww. How many micro-organisms grow in it? I am going to have to sanitize my hands if he shakes them when I leave.
"Can I get you to help me convince my Dad of something?" I stick my lower lip out for extra effect.
"What are you looking for?"
I hesitate for a minute as I look into the doctor's eyes. They are kind as if he loves me for who I am. His shirt is wrinkled. Why doesn't he iron it? There are twelve spots on his shirt for buttons, but a safety pin clasps together the middle. Doesn't he have enough pride to reattach a button?
"You know how I have told you how bad I want to move to Hawaii and immerse myself in my Hawaiian heritage?"
"Yes, go on."
"And you know how I have told you how religious Dad is?" I rub my dry hands together.
"Yes."
"Well, I found a mission with my church in Hawaii. I would spend my senior year at Hawaiian Mission Academy. If I did this, then I could live in Hawaii, and Dad could have me on a mission. We both would win. Can you help convince Dad I need to go?"
"I won't try to convince anyone of anything, but I can help you present your request in the best way possible."
My mood drops. I need Dr. Nutley to force Dad to send me. At least he would be here to keep Dad from shutting me down before I even ask. We role-play with me asking a couple of times, then Dr. Nutley calls Dad into his office.
"...and that way we both benefit," I say. I can't stop shaking. Dad holds a poker face, and I don't know what he is thinking.
Please say yes, please say yes, please say yes.
"Do you know how much it will cost?"
He didn't say no!
"I called, and my recruiter says it was about $12,000 plus airfare."
"That is a significant sum of money." Dad's expression doesn't change. What happened to the dad who used to draw in coloring books with me after work? He's now hardened.
"I know, but we found a way to make it cheaper. I can live with kupunawahine. If we eliminate rent for the dorm and my food allowance, my recruiter thinks I can find some scholarships, and we can do it for $2,000. I have a job, and I will save for the $2,000 and airfare, and it won't cost you a thing." My tongue goes faster than my well-written speech.
I want to get on my knees and beg him, but Dr. Nutley advised me to stay calm and collected.
"Living with your mother's family is not an option. I cannot have them influence you away from the church."
"They won't. I promise."
"They most surely will."
"Dad," I whine. "They are part of my heritage. What makes them so bad?" I shouldn't say that. I don't want him to think about them. I need him to focus on the mission aspect of it. Before he can answer me, I say, "You served a mission in Hawaii. Dad, I want to be just like you. I have always wanted to serve a mission in Hawaii, just like you." It's time to break to the selling-point.
"Since when did you want to serve a mission? You always turn me down on the idea."
"On the other missions you have told me about, but Dad, this is your mission. What a connection this would give us, to serve the same mission. I know you are trying to reconnect us. This would."
"How would having you live far away reconnect us?"
"Through letters, and when I return."
I never plan on returning, but I won't tell him that.
"I want you here for your senior year. You will have the rest of your life to serve a mission."
"But Dad..."
"Discussion is over."
Of course, I am the only one without a costume for the upcoming luau. At least my hula skills have improved slightly. Some girls suggest I get an authentic skirt from my Ohana, but there is no way. If the word makes it back to Dad that I dance, he will throw a fit and end my life. Iolana says she will make me a costume, a lady in the club. I use most of my first paycheck to pay for the ensemble. I know I need to start saving for my mission just in case Dad changes his mind, but I need the costume. I can't be the only one dancing in kakis. I feel dumb around my new friends. They keep telling me to invite my family, and I have to make excuses about why my family can't come. I hope they don't find out I am a fraud and kick me out of the club.
I have one more dilemma. The luau is on a Saturday, our Sabbath, and there is no way I can sneak away on the Sabbath. I have a plan, and I hope it will work.
Candus and I are becoming close. I feel like I can tell her anything, well, almost anything. I keep my eating disorder to myself. Our schedules change, and we don't work together often. I think Ted did it on purpose. He is a hateful man.
School continues to overwhelm me. Why do teachers give so much homework? They think all I want to do is their homework after school, and they believe they are the only class I have. Have they ever stopped to consider other teachers give me homework as well? No. They don't care. And what about us who have jobs?
My eating disorder worsens as my life feels out of control. My to-do list overwhelms me. Dr. Nutley has given me some good skills to cope with the anxiety, and when I follow them, I feel better, but for some reason, I try to carry the burden all on my own.
Sometimes life is too much. Too much expectations. Too much church. Too much school. Too much trying to be perfect. Sometimes I want to go to sleep and never wake up. I can't understand the purpose of this life. I try hard to be perfect, but I am as far from it than anyone else I know. I am such a counterfeit. A fake. I want to be pretty and respected. I want to be as popular and sure of myself as Candus is, but I am not. I am one major bumbling idiot. It is a wonder I have any friends.
When life spirals out of control, I turn to purging. It provides a meniscal amount of comfort. It gives me a small feeling of control in a life I can hardly handle. The thing frustrating me most right now is I have increased my exercising, I puke more, and yet I have gained five pounds. What else can I do to lose weight! It is a hopeless battle.
I would happily gain weight if Dad let me move to Hawaii. I am dying inside, physically and mentally. Doesn't Dad realize he will lose me if I stay here? If he allows me to leave, he will preserve my life.
Sometimes, the pain is too much. The darkness comes in and consumes me. It steals from me the desire to be happy. It camouflages everything good into everything bad. At times, I hate life so bad.
I want it to end.
Right now, it is dark.
I hate life.
I hate everything!
I hate Dad.
What is the point?


CHAPTER 9-Too Churchy


"What is this?" Dad screams from across the house. "Lao', you better get over here right now!"
My stomach drops. Dad plans to rip me apart. I don't want to go to him. Reluctantly, I close my math book and slowly walk to the kitchen. The floor creaks. Dad keeps saying he will fix it. What have I done this time? It seems like everything I do is never good enough.
"Now!" he impatiently yells.
"What?"
"What is this?" he asks. He presents a copy of Catching Fire.
"It's for English."
"You can't read this smuck."
"I have to Dad, the teacher requires it," I whine.
"Not for my daughter. We don't bring worldly garbage like this into our home."
"I don't have a choice. I will fail if I don't read it."
"I will go to the school and talk to your teacher. They can't make you do something against your religion."
I liked the book. I enjoy reading things Dad disapproves of. I can't understand why he is against everything.
He throws Catching Fire in the trash.
"DAD! That's a library book."
"I don't care. It's garbage, and that is where it belongs." The garbage stinks as little fruit flies fly above it. As far as I can tell, there are twenty-eight fruit flies around it. I might have counted the one with the tinge of red twice. No one has taken the garbage out for four days now. Since we are a small family, it takes a while to fill it, but then things rot and stink quickly.
I fume. I want to rescue the book, but I know he won't let me. Why is he such a prude? I want to yell and argue with him, but then, brilliant inspiration hits me.
"You know, if I went to the Hawaiian Mission Academy, they wouldn't have us learn things against our religion. It would be good for me, keep me away from things of the world during my senior year, and besides, I would be spending my free time serving God."
I string together golden words. A change sweeps over Dad's face.
I hit a home run.
I need to give him time to think things over.
"Can I return to my math homework?" I ask.
"Yes. Go. And never bring garbage literature in my home again." He says.
"If I go to the academy, then I won't have to." I run out before I blow my luck.
"I don't feel well," I say. Makuahine and Dad are at the kitchen table, already dressed for church. I don't think Dad hears me, or he doesn't care. "Lao' you should be ready by now."
"I am sick feeling," I moan as I grab my stomach. I have never pretended to be sick before and am not sure how to do it.
"What's wrong? Makuahine asks, looking concerned. The wrinkles crinkle around her eyes. When did she get old?
"I don't know. I think I have the flu." I try to look pathetic.
"It's going around," Makuahine says. Maybe she believes I have it.
"Would it be bad if I missed today?" I moan for effect.
"Oh my baby," Makuahine gets up to me. She places her hand on my forehead. "You don't feel warm."
"But I don't feel good. I also have diarrhea. I will go if you want me to." I can't act like I want to stay home. If they say I have to go, my next plan is to puke on the floor. I am an expert in puking on command.
"No, no, no. If you are sick, then you need to stay home." Makuahine looks concerned for me. It feels kind of good to have her compassion. When was the last time she cared? Dad's face stays stone cold. He eats as if I am not here. He has zero empathy.
"Maybe I should stay with you," Makuahine offers.
NO! She can't stay. I won't be able to sneak to the luau if she stays. Why would she offer such a thing? Why start carrying about me now?
"There is certainly no need for that," Dad interjects. "Lao's is capable of caring for herself for a few hours."
Yes, score one for Dad!
Makuahine face drops. I think she wanted an excuse to miss church. She's not as passionate about the church as Dad is. I often wonder if she even believes in it. I think she joined for Dad and nothing else. Is Makuahine happy with Dad? Who was she before she met him? How could she throw away such a rich heritage and never look back? I would never do that for any man, not even for Dad. I am Hawaiian, and I want to celebrate it. Why did Makuahine not fight for us?
After my parents leave, I do something very hard for me. I only spend ten minutes doing my hair. I don't have time for anything more. I need to get to the luau. We will be dancing soon, and I can't miss it.
I like my costume. It's the first time I wear it, and I feel like a true Hawaiian now, no longer an imposter. Would Makuahine think I look pretty?
I race to the Mormon church house. I only have a small window of time, enough to dance, eat, and hurry home. I want more time, but at least I get to go. As I break the law and speed, I am glad no police stop me.
My heart races as I run into the building, pounding at the forbidden. I shouldn't be here. The familiar Hawaiian scents welcome me. I haven't been to a luau since my stay on the island. Immediately nostalgia carries me away. I close my eyes for a minute and pretend I am home, home on the islands. A fresh breeze, tropical flowers painting the landscape, lush green, deep and full of life. Why would anyone choose to live anywhere else? Sadness hits me. Why won't Dad let me move there?
"Lao', hurry," Kumu Hula calls to me. I smile on the outside, but inside I freak out. I can't believe I will perform. My legs cramp up.
I had practiced and practiced the hula in secret. I struggle to get the hip sway down. If Makuahine taught me, then I would have this. It frustrates me. I am Hawaiian. It should be a natural talent of mine, but I can't get it. Darn those Smith genes.
How surprising. I had expected the place to be filled with a Polynesian audience, but it is predominately Caucasians. How disappointing. I don't have time to think about it as I take my place among the gorgeous members of my club. They don't seem to have any problems following the dance and swaying their hips. I wish I were as wonderful and sure of myself as they are. The music starts, and I began to dance. I lack the smoothness that everyone else has. I bumble and make mistakes. I am no good at it. All eyes are on me. How can they not be? Lao' the imposter, the fake.
The cultural hall (the main room) is also the church's basketball court. Very clever. I never got into sports because Dad wouldn't let me. The wooden floor shines, seemly freshly waxed. Maybe they should have waited until after the luau. I hope it's not too slick and I slip.
I want to cry, but I hold it in. I badly wanted to show off my hula skills, but instead, I make myself look like the biggest dipwod in the world.
Keep it together, Lao'.
During the last six measures, I sway my hip too forcefully, and my foot flies out beneath me. I slam my face to the floor, possibly breaking my nose. All the other dancers stare at me but keep going. Now, they have to sway over my prostate body. I stand up but in shame. Although my face hurts, my emotions sting more.
Why did this happen?
When the song ends, the men do their war dance. I want to stay and watch, but I can't. I have let myself down. I don't get it. I had practiced diligently. Why did I do such a lousy job? I bet everyone laughed at my horrific performance. I run into the bathroom. I won't purge. I will save that for after the meal. I pull out a little razor and slice my thighs. I can't say why I like to cut myself. I just do. It relieves the pressure building within. I am a mess. Why does anyone like me?
The sting of the blade's edge numbs my nerves.
Back in the cultural hall, I see a miracle, a miracle to eat things my Ohana makes. All the food is authentic. No stupid BBQ food. Why does Dad oppose such good food? I bet Makuahine would cook this way if Dad weren't getting in the way. Rich flavorful food, I can't stop. I binge. Surely, everyone notices how I eat three plates of food. It seems as if I have no control, as if my body forces me to.
I had wanted the luau to be a special event for me, but it ended up horrible. I sucked at dancing. I ate twenty thousand calories. I am a loser.
Why does anyone love me?
Home, I park my car along the curb, careful to get in the exact place it was before I left. The spring has deepened the green in the grass, and our yard wakes up from winter. I can't let Dad and Makuahine know I snuck out. Although I hated leaving the luau early, I had departed in good enough time. They will be home in fifteen minutes. I will run in, take my costume off, hide it under the stairs, and hop in bed.
When I open my bedroom door, my heart drops. Dad and Makuahine sit on my bed!
What are they doing here?
They park their cars in the garage, so I hadn't realized they were home.
"You disappoint me?" Makuahine looks at me with her rich dark eyes, dark as a Black Hawaiian Sheep. They flood with her let down.
"You are right, Father Smith," Mom scolds. "She does have the devil in her. I didn't believe you until she skipped church today."
"I can no longer have a heathen living under my roof. We gave her way too many chances."
"I agree, Father Smith." Mom turns and looks at me. "We have already packed your bags. They are on the porch. It's time for you to go now. Bye-bye."
"...well, I am waiting." Oh no, Mom said something that I missed because of my fantasy.
She might be upset, but she isn't going to kick me out, well, at least I don't think so.
"Can you repeat the question?" I timidly ask. I know I'm in trouble. Not paying attention is only going to make things worse.
"Why did you lie to us?"
Why did I lie to you? Because I hate being a Smith. I hate how our church service is every Saturday. I want to do things normal girls my age do on Saturdays, like date, sing, dance, and all sorts of things you restrict me from doing. I lied to you because this is my life, not yours.
I wish I can say what I think.
"I don't know," I say, shrugging. I wish we would go into another room. I don't like them sitting on my comforter, filling it with dirt and wrinkles. They still have their shoes on, dragging dirt and bacteria onto my floor. When they leave, I will shampoo the carpet.
"We trust you, and not only did you lie, but you sneak out and break the rules." Dad is not happy.
"I don't know what to say. Sorry."
"It's going to take more than a sorry to earn your trust back."
I am a good kid. It kills me to lose their trust.
I sit in silence. I don't have any more words to give them. I have screwed up, and they caught me. What can I say?
"Where were you?" Dad asks, staring me down. I look away. He has a look that makes me feel worthless, and he uses it right now.
I have to think quickly. I don't want to say anything work-related because I don't want him to punish me by not letting me work anymore. I most certainly wasn't going to tell the truth.
It is an abomination for a woman to dance.
"I was on a date."
"A date! You are not allowed to date."
Duh. I am reminded of that whenever I see a cute guy.
"Where did you meet him?"
I have to be careful with my answer. I have to say somewhere they can't ground me from.
"School." A brilliant answer.
"Lao'. Remember who you are. You are a Christian. You are a member of the Seventh Day Adventists. Your conduct has not been in accordance with either. I, no we, are disappointed in you. How will we ever be able to trust you again?"
I have lost my parents trust forever. Had it been worth it? I rub my aching nose.
Not even close.
Fifteen minutes of silence pass. This is the longest fifteen minutes of my life. I fear the punishment. What will Dad do? What will he take from me. Finally, he speaks.
"I think I am losing you. I can't put my finger on it, but you're changing."
"Yeah, it's called the teen years," I snidely say under my breath.
"What's that you said?"
"Nothing."
"I thought so. "
Silence.
"I am losing you. I thought therapy would help, but I only see a temporary change when you get back, which doesn't even last 48 hrs. As your father, I cannot let the world slip in and steal my daughter. I think your idea for a mission your senior year is might be the very thing you need."
Is this for real?
My heart jumps. Instantly, I transform from fearful and sullen to happy and hopeful.
"You have been to Hawaii. I think you would prosper more in a foreign mission. There is great opportunity around the world, like Africa or Asia."
My heart drops. I am only doing the mission to go to Hawaii. If he refuses to send me to Hawaii, I am not doing a mission. What can I say to convince him about Hawaii without scaring him away?
"I want to be like you, Dad," I say with the most prominent puppy dog eyes I can manage, then I stick out my lip. "You loved everything about your mission, and I want to walk where you walked, serve where you served."
"Lao' would have more success than you did because she is local. The natives will trust her." Mom interjects.
"You do have relative point," Dad says, rubbing his chin. 


CHAPTER 10-The Lies


"You would choose Brad over Tesla?" Candus almost blurts out. "I don't get what you see in Brad. He is totally not your type. You are way too good for him. And besides, he stood you up for your date. Have you already erased that from your memory?" -Such sass in her voice. She blows a bubble.
I look out the rearview mirror then make a lane change.
I wanted to hold a longer grudge on Brad, but how can I. He is about as tall as me. I love his long hair and his striking pale gray eyes. He is the complete opposite of Polynesian men, even though I am deeply attracted to all the men in my club, but I can't deny the pull Brad has on me.
"He is kind to everyone, even that awful Virtue," I say glumly. Lately, he has spent a great deal of time with her.
"Did you hear she is living with him now?" Candus says snidely, almost proud to crush my perfect vision of him.
A rock hits my stomach. My nerves clench up, and I have to remind myself I am driving. "Are you serious? Are those two an item?"
How could it be true? If Brad chooses Virtue over me, then I must be the biggest heifer in the world.
"He claims they are just friends, but one has to wonder. Regardless, the whole situation is unnatural, and you should move on. Do you really want a boyfriend who already has a girl in his bed?"
I no longer want to hang out with Candus. I need alone time.
"Turn here, turn here," Candus shouts as we almost miss her turn. I slam on my breaks, tires squealing as I skid into my turn.
"Next time, give me more warning," I say, frustrated.
"My bad. There it is."
We pull into the driveway. I am to meet her parents because Candus plans to use me as a way to sneak out on dates. My nerves tingle in my wrists. What if they ask me questions I can't answer.
"So, you are Seventh Day Adventist. Hmmm? Do you ever plan to become a Mormon?" Her father asks. He peers down at me from his perch. I squirm. I wonder if my dad only wants me to hang out with girls from my religion?
Candus' dad resembles Ryan from my work. "Do you like boys? Will you be secretly hanging out with boys while my darling Candus is with you?"
What do I say? I don't know how many times she has already lied to them, using me as her alibi.
"Lao', come on." Candus startles me from my daydream. I enter her home.
"Hey, Mom," Candus hollers as we walk in. "I brought Lao' home." I look in their family room. Her mom has her boob out in full view, nursing her baby. That's sick! It's a full-grown boob. I don't want to see it, yet my eyes won't pull away.
"Hi," her mom says as she picks up a little cloth and covers her boob. She didn't do a good job, because I can still see most of it. The baby hears us and pulls off. Just hanging there is the nipple. Ugh!
"Mom, put that away!" Candus shouts.
Her mom covers it with a pillow.
"I would get up and say hi, but the baby is eating."
"It's fine, it's fine," I say. I want to get away from here as fast as I can.
"Do you have homework?" her mom asks.
"We are going to do homework at Lao's house. Her dad is exceptional at math. I just brought her by so you could meet her. Is Dad here?"
Their house is cluttered. There are toys, clothes, and garbage scattered everywhere. Doesn't her mom stay home during the day? I can't imagine why she doesn't keep a cleaner house? I have to stop myself from picking up the place.
"No, he's at the church."
"Big surprise."
"You can only go for an hour because I have a relief society meeting I need to set up for."
"Great! No Mom. I have a lot of homework. Why don't you take the kids with you? They can run around the church, and you know they have a nursery." 
"This is not homemaking, it is just a planning meeting, but I have to go, and I promised the other ladies on the committee you would watch their kids as well." Candus often complains her mom uses her as slave labor. I am beginning to see what she means. I am glad I have no siblings.
"No, Mom! I am not going to watch other people's kids. I can't even watch yours. I need help with my homework."
"Lao’, you can come and help her watch the kids unless you have mutual tonight also."
Her mom uses so many terms that I don't understand, and besides, what would I do with kids? I am an only child. I know nothing about little kids. And what is mutual?
"No, Mom, she is not going to waste her time watching kids, and neither am I. Come on, Lao', let's go." Candus pulls me to the door.
"You be at the church by 6:15, or you're grounded."
"You should be happy you are an only child. I hate having siblings. It's always about them, never about me. I was born so she could have a built-in slave." Candus slams the car door closed. I pull away.
I have never had envy for my friends' siblings. It seems like the only thing siblings do is fight. I am good without them.
We drive to my house, and I introduce her to my parents. My house is tidy, not perfect, there is dust everywhere, but way better than Candus'. Dad seems to like her, probably because she is an ideal Caucasian to the tee. She could have joined the Smith family. Mom quietly weaves some placemats. A skill Dad hasn't stolen from her, still allowing her to weave grasses and plants. Mom gives the Smiths homemade baskets or whatnots every year as a token. I think they are sick of them, which thrills me. They deserve to be sick of them. They are such boring people.
We didn't stay long because Candus had to get to her church for babysitting. We had a double date planned with Tesla. Double, as in one Tesla, two us.
"What if he likes one of us more than the other? We cannot let that ruin our friendship." Candus says. Easy for her to say. It was obvious Tesla would pick her. She was perfect in every way, and I was a bumbling idiot.
An image of Candus kissing Tesla enters my head. The idea doesn't bother me. He is fantastic, but I'm not stuck on him. I can take him or leave him. I stick my pinky out. "Pinky promise," I say.
"Best friends for life," Candus shakes our pinkies up and down.
I had no idea our friendship had reached best friend status. It had been years since I had a best friend. The endearing term makes my nerves jiggle.
"For life," I say with a smile and laugh. Candus refreshes me, makes me forget my pain.
"I feel bad you can't go on the date tonight," I say as we pull into the church parking lot.
"Me too. I hate my family."
Candus climbs out of my car. "Enjoy our dream stud for the both of us." She runs towards the church. I will hate having her gone, but I will like having Tesla to myself.
We have been meeting up with Tesla for dinner at 7 pm. This is our fourth time. I love it and hated it. I had planned to use 7-9 as my time at the gym, to exercise where my parents wouldn't know about it, but that dropped in the toilet when I went out with Tesla and Candus. Instead of working out, I snack on cheesy fries, burgers, ice cream, and other crappy food. I have gained seven pounds. Something has to stop.
"Where's Candus?" Tesla asks as I walk to his booth. I have on my tight skirt and a hot pink shirt, and I hope I look good. I am afraid the skirt makes me look like a cow, showing off my thick thighs. I try to swing my hips as I walk.
"Her mom is making her babysit."
"Bum deal," he says. His eyes scan up and down my body. It is uncomfortable, what if he found something he doesn't like? I relax when he lets out a whistle and forms his lips into a sexy smile.
The crowded restaurant echoes with loud chatter and the noise of dinnerware. The smell of savory meat causes my stomach to grumble. I won't order anything, but I can't gain calories from smelling it.
"I like what I see. You know how to wear a skirt." He licks his lips and ogles me again. I like his attention, yet on the other hand, it makes me feel dirty and cheap.
"Sit down," he says, scooting over, intending me to slide next to him.
The waitress comes by and pours some coffee. My heart races, and I haven't ingested any of the caffeine yet. What if Dad sees me? Dressed like a slut, sitting next to an older man, and drinking coffee. I think he will ground me for life. He never comes here, but I can't stop looking around, making sure I don't know anyone here.
We flirt heavily for the whole two hours. Tesla has always been a flirt, but with Candus around, it has been equally distributed, but not now. Oh, man.
My heart practically stops, and I stiffen when Tesla puts his sweaty hand on my bare thigh. Now I wish I would have covered it more. "When are you coming home with me?" he asks.
I can't breathe, I can't talk, I can't move. I have never been touched by a guy like this before. It goes against everything I have learned my whole life. My church teaches abstinence before marriage. I always thought it was an easy no brainer, but I had no idea the attraction of sex. I want to move Tesla's hand from my thigh before it permanently brands it, but I can't because I never want it to leave again.
I might flirt with disaster by meeting Tesla for coffee, but this still is a safe zone. There is not much we can do to break the commandments of God in a public restaurant, but his home, that is a different story.
I look at my phone. It is 9:05. "I gotta get home," I say, ignoring his question. His hand tightens.
"Next time, let's forget the coffee and go straight to my house."
"I...I...I can't. Dad would never permit it."
"Your dad will never know," he says, intently looking at me.
"I am sorry, I gotta go. I am already late," I say as I quickly slip out of the booth.
What am I doing drinking coffee with a grown man while allowing him to touch me? I am the child of the devil.
"How was your time with Tesla?" Candus asks me the next day at work. It was one of our rare shifts together. I had filled in for Kristy while she had some sort of sports championship.
I blush. I don't know what to say because Candus likes Tesla. Should I tell her he practically propositioned me?
"You did look good yesterday. Did things get hot and heavy?" she asks. I don't see an ounce of envy or malice in her question. She is my friend, and I can trust her. After all, we had pinky promised.
"Well, he touched me."
"WHERE?" Candus almost screams. She looks horrified. Maybe I shouldn't tell her the details.
I can't say thigh. It seems dirty, so I point to it.
"Oh my gosh, Lao'! Did you kiss him?'
"I wanted to, but I didn't want to."
"Why would you not want to kiss him?"
"Because he wants, well, you know what. I don't want to lead him on."
"You think he wants sex?" She says without hesitation. I am not sure I have ever said that word out loud before. It sounds dirty.
"Yes," I say, looking away in shame. Dad has warned me about guys like Tesla.
"Are you going to?" Candus acts utterly shocked. I can't tell if it is out of envy or fear.
"No!" I adamantly say. I might play with fire, but I don't want to consume it.
"Do you believe in waiting until marriage?"
"Yes."
Candus features relax. "Oh good, so do I." We share a rare ambition in today's world.
"What do I do? I really like Tesla, and I want to see more of him, but I don't want it to escalate to that level."
"Well, you are not going to like what I say."
"What."
"You probably shouldn't date him. He is trouble and hard to resist."
"That's not a good answer." She sounds like a church leader.
"Well, I know what my mom would say. She would say it is unwise to flirt with Satan. If you know Tesla wants sex with you, that probably won't change. He probably won't settle with the idea you want to be his girlfriend, but one that does not put out."
I had never talked openly about sex before, and it makes me uncomfortable. At least the tramp park is practically empty.
"Yeah, your right. I probably shouldn't see him anymore." I say solemnly. I know it's the right answer, but I hate it.
"I guess if that is the type of guy he is, then neither should I." Candus makes a pouty face, then says, "But that's too bad because he is hot!"
"Who's hot, me?" Brad asks as he walks into our area. He is one reason I switched shifts with Kristy. I hoped to see him.
"You hot? Yeah, right," Candus says snootily.
"I think you're hot," I say with a huge smile.
Brad winks at me.
"I am going to be blunt," Candus says, getting in Brad's face. "We were having a talk about sex."
Brad's face goes red.
"What is your position on premarital sex?"
"I don't believe in it."
Candus looks taken off guard. "Really, that surprises me."
"Why? Because you judge me as a rocker, who doesn't care about anything but sex, drugs, and alcohol?"
"Well, yeah."
"That hurts me, Candus Mitchell. I want you to remember that Brad Shantley is a gentleman. I would never take advantage of a woman. I believe sex is special. It permanently bonds a man and a woman together. That's not something you should simply toss around left and right. It is sacred and should be shared with only one person for the rest of your life."
His words melt my heart. I am in love. Brad would be safe to date. He wouldn't try to take advantage of me.
"What about Virtue? She's living with you. Is that going to be your wife?"
"No, we are just very good friends." He fiddles with something in his pocket while keeping a smile on his face.
Virtue's name evaporates my good feelings for Brad. She is in our way.
"Guys, what are the three of you doing standing around together? Back to work," Maggie snarls. She isn't a nice woman, but she is way better than her husband, Ted. If he had come in, the first thing he would have yelled would have been, "Come on, people, back to work!"
I hate my regular shifts. I never get to work with Brad or Candus on my assigned shifts, but I do get to work with Ted and Ryan. Lucky me.
"Take your break," Maggie says to me. "Brad, back to your station."
I go to the concession stand. I know I shouldn't. None of it is healthy food, but I can't resist getting free food from Rueben. He is easy to play.
"Hey, girl!" he says. "Want a smoothie?"
"Sure," I reply.
"You know what my wife did today?" Rueben complains as he hands me my smoothie. "She used my toothbrush. Isn't that the grossest thing you ever heard of?"
"Why is it gross?" I don't care. The negative to the free food is enduring Rueben slander his wife. He knocks her about 75% of the time. I am sick of hearing it. I don't care! "Don't you kiss her?"
"It's not the same. She has these nasty teeth. I don't want to use a toothbrush that has slid among those teeth. Did you know that she..."
"Hey Lao," Tesla calls. I paralyze. He isn't on shift. What is he doing here? My thigh burns in remembrance.
"What are you doing here?" I ask.
"Grabbing my check." Tesla looks at Reuben. "Hey, it's my man, Rueben." He says as the two slap then clasp each other's hands. Rueben beams. Tesla can charm anyone.
Tesla turns back to me. "Coffee, you and Candus; seven."
I look at him so perfect, so handsome. What would going out for more coffee hurt? Candus would be there. He wouldn't try to put the moves on with Candus around. Everything in me wants to say yes, but my lips say, "Sorry, I can't tonight."
Why did I just say that?
Tesla looks taken back. I doubt he planned on me turning him down. He probably doesn't get turned down often.
"I'll go out with you," Reuben offers. "No one asks me out." He scratches under his bracelets. He looks like a dork wearing them.
"Dude, you belong home with your family after work," Tesla says to Reuben and walks away. I am crushed at how quickly Tesla turns his back to me. I want to chase after him, beg him to take me out.
"Do you know what my wife would say if..."
I can't take any more of Rueben.
"I am sorry, my break is over," I say as I run back to my station.
I have to wait until after Candus' break to tell her what happened. I am dying inside. I want her to know.
The place is swamped with people. When she returns, we are too busy to talk. It will have to wait. When we get off shift, I offer to drive her home. My exercising will have to wait.
"Please tell me I did the right thing," I moan. My mind replays him walking away from me, over and over. He will probably never talk to me again. Ugh.
"You totally did the right thing," Candus says, verifying me. She's right, but it doesn't feel right. I don't want to lose his adoration.
"Are you mad you didn't get to go out with him tonight?"
"No. He is an animal. I don't date men like that. Actually, I am not supposed to date until I am 16."
"But, you have been dating him with me."
Candus looks sheepish. "Yeah, I shouldn't, but I sneakily do it. By the way, if my parents ever call you, tell them I am in the bathroom, then hurry and call me."
"That's what best friends are for."


CHAPTER 11-Becoming Worldy


Finally home, I walk into the house, which feels more like a sauna. I instantly feel overheated in my jacket. As I remove it, the aroma of baked bread greats me. Makuahine at it again, baking up a storm. I had regretted the smoothie and a mini bag of chips from earlier and decided not to eat anything else today, but I don't know how to turn down fresh bread.
"Makuahine, Dad!" I call out, but no one answers. They must be downstairs watching TV. Only documentaries or nature shows are allowed in our house. At school, my friends constantly talk about their favorite shows. I can't relate, and I hate it. I don't understand why my parents make a big deal about watching TV.
On the counter, two golden loaves of bread taunt me.
"Come take a nibble, Lao'. Just one little bite that is all. One bite will hardly count as a calorie. Just one bite."
"I can't," I say as I turn away. I know this trick too well. One bite leads to two, then three, and then the whole loaf. I sort through the pile of mail, trying to ignore the determined bread.
"Oh, you smell that, Lao'. I will satisfy. All you need is a little nibble. My crust is extra golden, and my innards are soft. Just try a taste. You can stop after that."
I peek at the bread. One loaf is already halfway gone. I'll just sneak a small piece right here. With a serrated knife, I slice off a bit. The bread told the truth. It's picture-perfect with golden yellow crust and an airy, white inside. I try not to use butter on anything, but I can't resist it on fresh bread, which by the way, is still warm. With butter melting down my fingers, I take a giant bite. The warm bread feels like a cloud on my tongue. Oh yum. My legs try to walk away, but my hands have already sliced another piece of bread, this time a little bigger.
Without as much as a blink, the bread is gone. My stomach begs for another. I can't have more, because I haven't even exercised today. I have already overeaten on crap. I try to walk away, but I have a weak will. Even though I say no, more bread makes it into my mouth. It doesn't taste as excellent as the first bite, but I still consume. Why won't I stop? What force controls me?
I open my bedroom door, and my heart almost fails. The plate of bread slips through my fingers as I scream. Crash! There, Dad and Makuahine sit on my bed. Completely startled, my heart races, hurting my chest. I hadn't expected that. Why are they here?
"What's this?" Dad asks, holding up my black mini skirt. I blush as I remember Tesla's hands going places they shouldn't while I wore it. Dad was never supposed to see the skirt.
"Nothing," I say. My voice barely audible.
"Why do you have it?"
"It's a friend's," I lie.
"Who, Candus'?"
I can't blame it on Candus. Dad must only believe Candus is angelic, or he won't let me hang out with her. "No. She would never wear anything like that, and besides, we can't share clothes. Do you think I could fit into anything Candus wears? It is Linda's"
"Isn't Linda the girl in your biology class who you despise?" Makuahine asks. I can't believe she remembered me complaining about her. I used the name of someone I didn't like because I don't want to get banned from someone I like.
"Yeah, but we are cool now." We aren't. I still hate Linda.
"What are you doing with her skirt?" Dad asks.
"I don't know. I guess she wanted me to wear it."
"And have you?" Dad glares with his all-knowing stern eye. I hate that eye!
Again heat fills me as I remember Tesla. No way will I divulge the truth. My eyes scan the floor. The bread plate had cracked into two pieces, and the bread landed butter side down. I can't look at Dad's eyes while I lie.
"No."
"The fact you were even considering wearing it concerns me. What is happening to you, Lao'? You have changed. You used to be happy, and you always wanted to spend time with your mother and me. Now, you are hardly home, and you never want to see us. You sneak out when you should be going to church, and you bring home clothes of a whore. What has happened?"
Ouch. His words stung like getting the salty ocean in my eyes, but worse.
I can't look at him, because everything he says is true. Shame consumes me. I am no good. I want to be good. I want to make righteous choices, but I don't. I'm a disappointment to my parents.
"You know what happens when you wear things like this?" Dad says. "You give boys powerful, funny feelings. They think you are easy, and they don't value who you are. They only think about one thing."
Again he is right, but I can't help liking the attention the skirt gives me.
Boys look when I wear it. They drool. They desire. I don't get that in regular clothes. If I dress modestly, then they only see me as a fat loser.
Silence takes over.
I keep my eyes to the ground. What do I say? Thankfully, he didn't see me out with Tesla. He would die to know I had dated an older man while wearing that.
Dad was right. Tesla wanted me for all the reasons Dad said.
A sock sticks out from under my bed. How did I miss that this morning? I need to give my room a major overhaul.
"Lao'. I fear you are becoming too worldly."
I'm not worldly enough.
"I've been thinking a lot about that mission you want to go on. I am now seeing the importance of it. I realize the reason you want to go is because God is inspiriting you to that path."
He is wrong. I want to go so I can live in Hawaii.
I will never return.
"Tonight, I realize to save your soul, I need to let you go."
My head jerks up.
Did he say what I thought?
This must be a fantasy. I bite my cheek to feel pain.
Ouch!
Yes, this is real!
I want to smile from ear to ear, but I hold it in. If I seem too anxious or excited, he might take back his offer.
"In the academy, they will keep a close eye on you. They have a strict dress code. There is no way you will be allowed to run around looking like that, nor would you want to. You will be an ambassador for the Lord. What kind of message would you give if you looked like a woman of the night?"
"So I get to go?" I ask, looking up at Dad and Makuahine. Makuahine sits in silence. She usually lets Dad do the disciplining. When I am a wife, I will lead the home, not my husband. Makuahine is too weak. Actually, maybe I won't even get married.
I can hardly believe the direction the evening has gone in. A few minutes ago, I thought I was grounded for life, and now they say I get to go to Hawaii.
"Are you sure I can't convince you to another mission?" Dad still has on his construction clothes. He is filthy and sitting on my bed. I want to yell at him to get off, but I must be careful. He is offering me my dreams, and I don't want to piss him off. I will launder everything when they leave.
I shake my head, no.
"Well, the only reason I am letting you go to Hawaii is that I served there. The people are good, and you will have a spiritual experience. The harvest is wide and ready for you to reap."
Now, there will be strict rules, stricter than they are here. You will live in the dorms."
No!
I want to live with my Ohana, but I can't suggest it. If Dad thought I was going for the Ohana, he would never let me go.
"You are only allowed to have dinner once a month, on a Sunday, at Mom's families' house; otherwise, you are to be on your own, studying and appreciating nature."
Fat chance of that. I plan on spending all my free time with my Ohana.
When I look at Dad, joy fills me. I can't believe my dream is finally coming true. Good thing I have been going to the Polynesian club. That way, I won't look like an entire idiot who doesn't know a thing about hula.
Candus says behind shifty eyes, "Can I tell you a secret?" As we walk past several stores in the mall, she looks around nervously. Why does she act suspicious?
"Lao', this would look cute on you," a model in the window lies to me. She has on bootie shorts and a striped tank top. That outfit would make me look like a walrus.
There are many cute things to buy, if only they were in my size. Dad gave me $50, telling me to buy a new skirt, one that went down to my ankles. Yeah right! Like I want to look Amish. That would be social suicide.
"Earth to Lao'," Candus says, shaking me.
"Oh, sorry," I say. What were we talking about?
"I asked you if I could tell you a secret."
"You know you can."
"I've been taking a special vitamin."
"Good for you."
"It's a stimulant."
"What!" I ask in shock and disappointment. Drugs! I thought Candus was better than that. She is Mormon. I thought Mormons didn't do those things. Well, she dates, and she isn't supposed to, so maybe she isn't a very good Mormon. I am not a very good Seventh Day Adventist.
But drugs!
"They give me energy. I feel like I can concur the world when I take them."
I have no words. What should I say? It sounds more like drugs than vitamins. "I don't think that's a good idea." Something about it feels wrong. I hope she doesn't offer me any.
"These aren't like your bad drugs. There are no bad side effects, and you can't get addicted to them," she says matter of factly, selling her own lie.
"Where do you get them?"
Candus stops walking and does a 360 as she looks all around us. A few elderly walk by. Once they pass, she turns to me and quietly says, "Can you keep a secret?"
"You know I can."
"We must pinky promise." We join our pinkies and shake. I don't know if I want to hear her secret. My armpits sweat.
"They are from Tesla."
Tesla! He is turning out to be a bad dude. First, he touches me more than he should, then he gives stimulants to Candus.
"Well, I wish you would stop." I am disappointed in her.
"Maybe, I will." She says as we walk again, her mood changing. She wanted to me to accept this. I know she doesn't plan on stopping.
We keep walking, with our eyes open for cute men.
After searching through five stores to find a stupid skirt, we finally see a stupid Amish skirt in a store designed for middle-aged women. Disgust fills me as I watch the woman ring up the skirt. It is hideous. Why don't I throw away my social life right now?
"You will be so ugly in that skirt, now no boys will ever be interested in you," Dad laughs in my head.
As I carry the bag out of the store, I can't stop thinking about the short black skirt at Teen Scene. Dad threw out my other one. It is only fair that I replace it. If I buy it, I will have to keep my new one hidden in the trunk of my car.
At Teen Scene, my heart breaks as I try it on. I can't zip up the zipper. I have gotten too fat. The ugly long skirt I bought had an elastic waist. This mini skirt is tailored. The only size I can squeeze into is two sizes large than I am used to, and even that is too tight. My world drops around me. I have never been this huge before.
The first thing I do when I get home is step on the scale. I've gained ten more pounds.
TEN MORE POUNDS!
How can this be? I know how it is. I don't exercise as much as I should, and I am eating way more food than usual.
It isn't fair. My friends are all naturally skinny, and they eat and eat and eat. Even though I have consumed more calories lately, I still eat under the recommended 2100 calories for my age. There is no reason I should be gaining. I constantly purge and use laxatives, but it doesn't seem to work. What more do I have to do to be skinny?
If only I could go to Hawaii today. I would let my weight go, and I would become a Hawaiian dream, with thick thighs and hips. I look in the mirror, and all I see is ugliness and fat. -A real vaca. It won't be long before I don't even attract men like Tesla.
Even though I have only eaten a banana today, I force myself to puke. The dryness of it hurts me.
What more can I do to lose weight? I put my exercise clothes on. I must work out. I will have to increase my regime to three hours a day. I can't let this happen to me. I will have to stop hanging out with Candus, which is a shame, I really like her, but my weight has to come first. She gets in the way of exercising.
I go for a two-hour run, my eyes stinging from the tears I shed. What more can I do? I diet. I puke. I starve, and yet, I am a fat cow. I am so big. Candus probably is size 00. When we flirt with men, they always turn to her cute little body. I am older, which is an advantage, but Candus looks like she can be sixteen, and of course, she lies to them.
After my run, my parents force me to eat with them. -More high-calorie food. I don't want any of it, but Makuahine takes it personally if I turn her food down. With no pleasure what so ever, I finish my plate. Makuahine had piled it way too high. So much for my run.
After the dishes are done, I go into the bathroom and purge and purge.
I need more help than this.
I need an enema.


CHAPTER 12-Must Starve


If I don't watch it, I am going to be 5x in size. I have to take hold of my weight somehow. I had been doing alright, but lately, I have eaten way too much and exercised way too less. I get up at four in the morning. I exercise for two hours, then slip into the kitchen and open a can of tuna. This tuna has to last me all day. I look at the calories, 80.
I pull out a silver spoon with the engraving of a flower on the handle. I take a bite, slowly savoring the meat, allowing it to sit on my tongue for five minutes. It's a little fishy without mayonnaise, but I gave up my relationship with mayo a long time ago. I hide the tuna can in the fridge. Sometimes Makuahine makes big breakfasts. I can't get stuck eating one. I take a brown and mauve bowel out of the cupboard and crumble a few corn flakes in it. Then, I dribble a little milk in it and lay my silver spoon to the side, making it look as I have already eaten.
As I get ready in the bathroom, I hear Makuahine. "Lao'! Can't you take care of your dishes?" My plan worked. She thinks I ate cereal.
Smokey bacon hits my nose as I enter the kitchen. It smells good. I used to love bacon, but its evilness has no place in my new world. Next to the pan is a giant pile of eggs. I can smell the biscuits cooking in the oven.
"Sorry," I say, rinsing my dish in the sink. I am pretty good at cleaning up after myself, but I left this out on purpose. Water cascades into the bowl and splashes out the side. I slip my hand under the stream as the cold water tightens my skin.
Makuahine pulls the biscuits out. Man, do I want one.
"Come get some breakfast," Makuahine says, handing me an overloaded plate. There are probably 5,000 calories on that plate alone. No wonder I am getting fat.
"I already ate breakfast." I drop the bowl in the sink, emphasizing I had used it.
"Are you sure?" Makuahine looks hurt.
It's her fault. I didn't ask her to make me breakfast.
"It smells good, but I am stuffed. I already had two bowls of cereal." My stomach growls as if to call me on my lie. The tuna only awakened my insatiable appetite, and the bacon tempts me to eat more. I can't give in. I must lose this weight. Makuahine still holds the plate out.
"I gotta run, but thanks, it sure smells good."
"Wait, wait, wait, Lao'," Makuahine says. What is she up to? She opens a biscuit. The hot steam burns her. "Ouch." She ignores it. She is on a mission. She slips some eggs and bacon in the biscuit and wraps it in a paper towel for me.
"At least have a snack on the way to school."
I take it. It's forbidden, of the devil.
At school, I trade the breakfast sandwich for a notebook and two pens. Bacon is like flowers to boys.
Lunch comes, and I have developed a pounding headache. My stomach screams at me to eat, but I can't.
"Where are you going?" Heidi asks as I leave the locker. I always eat lunch with her.
"I have some errands to run," I lie.
"During lunch?" She says.
With Heidi's super blond hair and pale complexion, we look interesting together, the complete opposites. I am brown, and she is white. I am tall, and she is short. She has straight hair while mine has frizzy curls, out of control. "If you go, who will I eat with?"
"The group," I say.
"But they only like me because I am your friend."
"Don't be silly," I close the locker. She makes me feel guilty. I run from her before she can say anything else.
Running isn't my strength, but it's a great way to burn calories, so I use my lunch break to push myself as hard as I can. My feet slap the pavement while my calves burn. It's hard to breathe through tightening lungs. Every time I want to stop, I think of the extra ten pounds, increasing my pace.
Flushed and sweaty, I sit in creative writing class. It was a good run. Hopefully, I shed at least a pound. My headache has increased. My head wants food, my stomach wants food, but my will says no. I will not eat the evil food. I am done being fat.
I can hardly stay awake, which sucks since I love writing and listening to poems. Today we are writing haiku. Usually, this a breeze for me, but I can't concentrate. I feel week and tired, oh so tired.
The classroom walls are decorated randomly. Some pictures are nature, while others are the city. There is a cute picture of a mother holding a baby next to a killer clown picture. Our teacher wants to inspire us to use whatever is inside.
"Wake up, Lao'!" Mrs. Spencer screams. I jerk in my chair and sit up. I left a puddle of drool on my desk. The class laughs at my predicament while a fog remains in my head. What exactly is happening?
"You are usually a good kid," Mrs. Spencer says, dropping the heat in her tone. "Are you alright today?"
I must have fallen asleep. All eyes stare at me, and I want to crawl under my desk and hide.
My stomach growls.
"I am fine."
"Well," she says, clicking her tongue. "Since you have so much extra time to take a nap, let's start with your haiku."
Slowly, things make sense as the brain cloud dissipates. My HAIKU! I look at the one line on my paper. My brain had given up before I had finished.
"It's not done," I say in embarrassment. I am usually not this kid, not the kid who forgets things. I am a star student, but I can't focus.
"I was closing my eyes for inspiration," I say. She looks at the puddle of wetness on the desk. She isn't fooled.
"I am disappointed in you, Lao'." She is. I can see it in her eyes. I want to hide and die.
It's my last class of the day, and I feel week. We review our latest material, but I struggle with it. It isn't sinking in.
"Surprise!" Dr. Crougar says. "Time for a pop quiz. This quiz is worth 15% of your grade. I wouldn't take it lightly."
What is Dr. Crougar talking about? A pop quiz. I am unprepared. Sickness encompasses me. Why haven't I studied like I should? My head pounds and my stomach responds with a loud roar. I look around, hoping no one heard it. Thankfully, everyone is too consumed by the pop quiz. I am not the only worried one in the room.
The class moans, and so do I. I shouldn't have played so much. If I had more discipline, I would ace the quiz.
I lack energy and have a heavy head. I can't seem to concentrate. I should know most of the answers, but my brain keeps quitting on me. Things aren't making sense. When I complete the quiz, I lay my head on my desk and take a nap. I should review my answers, but I am weak.
As we walk out the door, the teacher passes out the graded quizzes. She must have graded them while I slept. I look at the top corner, and my heart sinks. C.
I got a C.
I have never had a C before. I am sick. How can this be? This one quiz is going to throw my perfect grade point average.
The razor inside my backpack calls to me, begging me to relieve my pressure. Normally, I would purge, but I know there is nothing there. My stomach is empty. Dry heaving is the worst.
Finally, schools out. I lock myself in a bathroom stall. I want to puke, but I know it wouldn't go well. I take out the razor. I have to silence my disappointment.
The next few days of school go the same way. I manage to spread my 80 calories can of tuna throughout the day. I get in four hours of exercising, and I feel the worst I ever have. My head never stops pounding. My stomach screams at me, wanting me to eat. My whole body has weakened, so weak. I don't know if I can go on doing this, but I must—hopefully, a week or two. Once I drop the extra ten pounds, then I'll stop. My weight loss management is drastic, but so am I.
"Lao', are you feeling alright?" Candus asks at work. She doesn't work today, but she had stopped in to see Preston, one of the tramp park employees. Actually, I think she was hoping to talk with Tesla as well. Even though she decided Tesla was a dangerous guy, she flirts with him nonstop. It's hard not to get sucked into Tesla's lure.
He is the most handsome Caucasian in the world. His personality is dynamic, and he can pull anyone in, even Virtue. He talks to Virtue. I don't know why, then of course, so does Brad. I would like to know what it is about Virtue that attracts all the men. She is fat and dumb, a real moopig. She stands around with the most stupid blank face ever. I can't stand her. Sometimes I want to go over there and rip the expression off her face. She doesn't laugh much, but when she does, she sounds like a hyena.
"Lao'?" Candus asks.
"Oh, I guess I don't feel too well." We keep our eyes out for Ted. He is the worst boss ever. If he saw me standing around with Candus, he would flip. Ted usually disappears into his office at 4:15. The only time of day we all can relax. He never remerges before 4:45. It's 4:50, and he hasn't come out yet. We can keep talking, but we must stay alert.
"What, do you have a cold or something?"
"Something like that," my stomach growls as if pleading for Candus to feed us.
"Did you know Brad had a band?" Candus asks as she smacks her gum.
"No. What kind of band?"
"Rock and Roll, of course. He plays guitar." I knew it. He seemed the type.
I could imagine Brad on guitar. I bet he sounds dreamy. I want to see his band. I want to be his groupie.
"Are you familiar with William Shantley?"
"Yes." He was a local legend. He could rock to his guitar like no other, but he never made it big. The local venues often booked his talent, but nothing large scale.
"Well, Brad is his son."
"No Way!" I guess they did have the last name. I had never made the connection.
"As it turns out, Tesla plays guitar as well, and he has joined Brad's band."
"Lucky." What I wouldn't give to go and be both of their groupies. It would be perfect. Two of the men I crush heavily on, in the same place. If I had any talent, I would join them.
"William will play with them often. I heard they sound cool."
"I want to go," I say. I can see the whole band in my head. Their home must be huge since William is his dad. They probably have dedicated the entire basement to their band, complete with a bar and banana chairs to lean back and watch. How do I get Brad to invite me over?
Ted's door squeak in the back. It's 5:05. He is on his way out. We are lucky his door is noisy, creating the perfect warning he is on the loose. Candus gives me a quick hug.
"I better go, so I don't get you in trouble," 
"Good luck," I say. I turn over my head to see if Ted has come into the room. The sudden movement makes me extremely dizzy, and I fall to the floor.
"What are we doing, people?" Ted barks at me as he walks into the room. Still, on the ground, I stare at him in confusion. I really should go home. My elbows hurt from where I landed on them.
"I lost something," I say as I stand up. The room spins and darkens. I collapse.
"Are you on drugs?" he asks without symphony. He seems a million miles away.
"No, I think I have pneumonia. Do you mind if I go home?" I can't stand just yet because I have no equilibrium.
"How do I know you are not on drugs?"
"I am a straight-A student." (Well, at least until the pop quiz)." I wouldn't throw my academics away for drugs."
How dare he even suggest as much!
"How are you going to get home if you can't even stand? I wouldn't let you drive yourself home."
Who does he think he is? My dad? He is probably right, though. I can't stand. Something is seriously wrong with me.
"I'll be fine," I say. He knows I am lying because I sway as I stand, fighting off the darkness.

Ted has me call my parents, but they don't answer.
"Let me get Maggie over here to run you home," he says. "You are a minor, and I am not having you get in a wreck because you are too sick to drive. The last thing I need is to be sued." He is overly paranoid. I can't stand, so I sit on a couch. An older man watches his grandkids play and takes up most of the sofa. I don't like sitting by him, but currently, I don't have much choice.
Ted returns more sourly than when he left. How has Maggie stood him all these years? Being married to Ted would drive me insane.
"Let's see if someone will drive you home." He leaves again for a few minutes then returns with Tesla.
"Tesla will drive you home."
My heart skips, and I don't know what to say. I know I shouldn't want this, but I feel excited for alone time with Tesla. He is attentive when its one on one. Yet, I am nervous. Being alone with him is unsafe. My thigh still burns from where he touched it. Is this a bad situation? I don't trust him. Will he want to park and make out? My heart races to the thought. I would actually love to make out with him, but he would want to go too far.
Tesla winks at me, and I almost collapse off the couch; this time, it's from love fever. He puts his arm around me and gently helps me to his car. There's a type of attraction that germinates when someone cares for you. His touch electrifies me like nothing else. How can anyone be so perfect and so bad?
"You don't look too well," he says to me as he glances over his shoulder and backs out.
"Yeah, I guess I am sick." How disappointing. I don't want to look bad in front of Tesla, ever!
"Oh, no," he says in the most empathetic tone ever. Wow, I am in love. "Can I do anything for you?"
"You are doing it. You are giving me a ride home." I close my eyes. My head spins to the movement out the window, passing my peripheral.
"When we get to your house, can I take you, change you into pajamas, and tuck you in?" Did he really overstep those bounds? How can he say that to me? He is too much.
"I have a mom to do that." Did I really give such a stupid response?
"Your mom still changes you into pajamas?"
"No," I quickly reply. My answer was moronic, but I can't take it back. "But my parents aren't going to want to see you. You are a heathen. You are not of our church, and you are an adult. Dad will chase you with a pitchfork." I lean my head against the window with my eyes still closed.
Tesla laughs.
I smile. "You think I am joking. I am not. Dad will kill you and me."
"Well, how do you know I am not Mormon?" he says.
"Do you think I am Mormon? I am not Mormon. Why would you think I am Mormon?"
"Because I watched you sneak coffee for your first time." Was it that obvious?
He was right. I had taken my first cup of coffee at our orientation meeting. Tesla had taught me how to add cream and sugar.
"How do you know it was my first time?"
"Because you looked nervous as you did it as if you were breaking some great law."
"Well, I am not Mormon."
"Oh. I guess I got that wrong."
I want to tell him I am a Seventh Day Adventist, but I am ashamed of it. I don't want to say to him we don't drink coffee either, or that we don't eat pork, and dance, and go to movies, and basically live life.
We pull up to my house. It is dark inside, with no lights on. Thankfully, Dad isn't home to see a grown man drive me here.
"Hey, if your parents aren't home, I am serious. I want to tuck you in." I want him to tuck me in almost as much as he does, but that would be unwise. I can't let him in.
Tesla carries me into the house with my arms draped over his neck. I can smell his intoxication, and I go mad. He is amazing. My hands can feel his chest. Will I be able to stop him from going too far?
He carries me to my room, where we make out. I am powerless, and I can't stop him.
"Let's go," he says, opening the car door and breaking me out of my fantasy. Shame fills me. I should never fantasize about such things. Dad taught all sins begin as thoughts. I can't entertain such emotions, for if I do, I won't be strong enough to fight off temptation. He is temptation. I say a small pray for forgiveness and strength. I should have never allowed Tesla to drive me home. I should have asked for Ryan to do it.
Tesla grabs my hand and pulls me out. I am on fire, and I forget my headache and my stomach pains. -Gone.
He intends to take me inside. In speed mode, I replay my fantasy.
-Stop!
I cannot entertain Satan like I am. If I let Tesla in, I might not be able to stand up for virtue and right.
"Thank you for the ride," I say. "But I can't let you come in."
Tesla looks rejected. His face frowns. I have hurt him, and I feel bad. Maybe I should let him in. What would it hurt?
"Can I at least have a goodnight kiss?"
My hands shake to the thought.
I look around nervously as if Dad is watching. I am pretty sure Makuahine and Dad are gone, but I am not sure. I want to kiss Tesla so bad, my body craves it, but I know Tesla won't stop. He wants way more than I should give him. If I am not careful, I will give in. I can't allow myself to be alone with Tesla again. He has too much power over me.
"I'm too sick. You don't want what I got." I say.
"Oh," he says as he contemplates my words. "You owe me a raincheck for bringing you home."
"Okay," I say, not meaning it, yet meaning it at the same time. I want to kiss him right then and there.
Tesla leans against his car and watches me go in. I quickly slam the door behind me and lean against it. In case he comes in to tempt me, I lock the door. My heart pounds with furry against my chest. I must stop it.
Makuahine is lying on the couch and sits up. I hadn't noticed her there!
Holy crap!
My arm hairs stand up. What if I had allowed Tesla to come in with me? My parents are home!
"What are you doing home early?" she asks. She has a rag around her forehead.
"I'm sick," I say.
"Oh, you must have what I have."
My stomach growls. I doubt that very much.
"A cold?"
I didn't have a cold. Nothing even close. I am starving, and my body is struggling to function.
"Yeah, probably so," I say. I don't want her to know why I am sick.
Dad walks into the front room and switches on the light. He jerks when he sees me.
He's home as well!
Double holy crap!
"What are you doing home?" he asks. I shake. What if I had made out with Tesla on the porch?
"I have Makuahine's cold," I say. "Ted sent me home."
Dad looks out the window. A worried look forms on his brow. On no. Is Tesla still out there? I am dead if he is.
"Where is your car?" he asks in alarm.
I relax. Tesla must be gone. "Ted had someone drive me home."
"Why didn't you call us?" Dad asks.
"I tried. No one answered their phones." I hate getting in trouble when I followed the rules.
"Mine is dead," Makuahine says.
Dad reaches into his pocket and takes out his large phone. He is lucky his pants pockets are big enough for such a beast. I want a big phone, but I would have nowhere to carry it unless I used a purse.
"Oh, my. I guess we missed it. I am sorry about that. Where is your car?"
"Still at work."
"Is it going to be safe there overnight?"
"I hope so."
"So do I."
My body floods with so many emotions: dizzy, fear, sick, tired, excitement, lust, weakness. I can't handle anymore.
"I am going to bed," I say as I stumble downstairs.
Beep, beep, beep.
Morning has started.
Its five am. I don't have the energy to get up and exercise. I feel worse than crap. I know I need to go to school because I am trying to get a perfect attendance. I practically crawl out of bed and put my exercise clothes on. I can only go twenty minutes until I feel like I might die. The exhaustion leaves me with little energy to move around. As much as I want to exercise, I have nothing else to give. I collapse on the floor.
Bawling, I crawl back into bed. I have a goal. I have to lose that weight. What am I going to do if I can't exercise? I hate this so much. I want to be normal. I want to eat normal. I shouldn't have to starve myself to fit in. I need to move to Hawaii. All my troubles will be gone when I get there.
Makuahine comes down at eight am.
"Lao', are you okay?"
Makuahine sits by me on the bead. "My poor baby. What can I do for you?"
You can feed me. I scream inside. I want food so bad. The smell of bacon clings to her. She must have cooked it for breakfast. I can imagine the crispness of the fat, the meaty flavor. I inhale her deeply, pretending I am eating.
"Can you drive me to school? I forgot I don't have my car here, and I am not even sure what time the bus comes. I probably have already missed it."
Makuahine studies me intently. "Are you sure you should be going to school? You look pale, and it's dark under your eyes."
She is right. I should stay at home. I don't have the energy for school, but I can't break my perfect attendance. "I'll be fine," I say. "I have a test I can't miss." I am lying, of course, but Makuahine might make me stay home.
"I worry about you," she says. When I was little, Makuahine would rock me and sing Hawaiian songs to me. She doesn't do it anymore. I want her to rock me. Tears sneak out of my eyes because I miss our closeness.
"You went to work with your cold," I point out.
"I didn't have a choice," she said, sniffing. Her nose is raw and red from blowing it. Maybe next time, she will buy the Kleenex and not settle for Dad's cheap brand.
"Well, neither do I."
Makuahine looks at her watch. "Well, your school starts in ten minutes."
I push myself out of bed. I won't have time to go through my routine and make myself look nice. The thought of looking sloppy makes me anxious, and my nerves twitch.
"Can you quickly braid my hair?" I ask.
"Sure." Makuahine hasn't done my hair in years. She combs through it, messaging the scalp. It feels heavenly. I am sent back to my childhood, every morning sitting still while Makuahine did my hair. Now, I have become very particular about how I style it, and I rarely let her touch it. I have forgotten how nice it feels. I miss her touch. I miss cuddling to her. I used to be close to both my parents, but my stupid eating disorder has pulled me away. I don't let any of them close anymore. I shut my eyes, and my hair is done way too quick, just like I had asked. Reluctantly I step away from Makuahine, unsure as to when I will let her touch me again.
I grab my things, and Makuahine drives me to school. I am forty-five minutes late. My teacher says she will excuse the tardy if I spend my lunch in restitution. This is the first time I have ever had to spend lunch with delinquents, but it's a must. I must protect my attendance record. At least I won't have to eat.
The room is packed with rockers and gangsters. The rockers look like people Brad would hang out with. I am not attracted to any of them. I wonder why I am so attracted to Brad. The gangsters scare me. There is a pretty tough gang in our area, and some of our school kids are members. I avoid wearing any of their gang colors. The girls look like they could beat the crap out of me. They terrify me, and I avoid looking at them, afraid they might think it's a challenge and try to fight me. My friend Heather had pissed one of the girls last year and spent the entire year being bullied by them. It was so miserable that her parents enrolled her in a private school this year.
I miss Heather.
The hands-on the clock slow down, hardly rotating. We are supposed to be quiet in retention, but they are not. The teacher looks burned out like she doesn't care. Retention feels more like a party for those who come here often. They swear and tell dirty jokes. I hate being around them. I will have to make sure I am never late again. Why won't the time speed up?
After what feels like an eternity, the bell rings, and I am excused to class. I had missed eating my bite of tuna in the morning. Makuahine had sent me to school with bacon and eggs in a cooler. I already traded them for a pink highlighter. I should have eaten the food, but I have to make my goal.
I downed a caffeine pill before I went to first period. I knew I was going to need some help. The caffeine hardly touched my exhaustion, and I find myself still drifting to sleep. After the retention group, I take a second caffeine pill. -Not a good idea.
It doesn't take long for the effects of the second pill to hit me. My nerves are jittery. My heart hurts as it pounds away in my chest. It feels like it has the hick-ups and keeps skipping beats. At times, my nerves are on such alert. I feel like I will explode out of my skin. My head swirls, and I am extra dizzy. Even though I don't have much in me, I get diarrhea. I have been drinking water a lot, and maybe that is what I am excreting. I hope it's all my extra fat I am sending out. I struggle to breathe at times, and I keep feeling like I can hear Dad calling to me. I have never done something as stupid as taking two caffeine pills. I want to scream and run around the room. It is too much.
The effects of the pill don't go away. By the end of the day, I feel like I am going insane. In bed, despite my exhaustion, my body fails to fall asleep. I curse the caffeine as I stare into the dark abyss.
It's Saturday, my second day without exercise. With a lack of sleep and a starving gut, I can't get out of bed. Dad wakes me up too early.
"Mom says you've been sick," he says. He doesn't look too concerned. "I would like you to come to church. As you can understand, I still don't trust you."
Ouch!
Dad thinks I am going to sneak out on a date. All I want is sleep. I almost argue with Dad, but I don't. I crawl out of bed and follow him upstairs. A giant plate of waffles greets me in the kitchen. It's all I can do to stop myself from flying over the counter and consuming the entire plate. My head pounds.
"Good morning, Sunshine," Makuahine says with a pleasant smile. I sit at the table, too tired to keep standing. She immediately carries a plate of waffles to me. "You need to eat up and regain your energy."
How badly I want her waffles. I grip the chair with my hands to keep them from sneaking one. I have almost made my goal of a week of starving. I can't end all my hard work for the temptation of the moment. I gain control of my desires. I have won. The waffles no longer tempt me. My head throbs, so I put it down on the table. Makuahine had returned to the sink, but now she is by my side, rubbing my head.
"This cold seems to have hit you worse than me," she says.
I only want two things: food, which is not an option, and sleep.
"Can I please stay home?"
"Of course," Makuahine says, still rubbing my head. "You don't belong at church. I wished you would have stayed home from school. You do not look good."
Dad walks in with the paper. "Smells like Heaven," he says as he sits next to me.
"Lao', please eat. It will help you regain your strength." Makuahine doesn't know how right she is.
"I can't. I am too sick."
"Why don't you go back to bed," Makuahine says in a worried tone.
I love her idea and stand.
"Lao' needs to go to church," Dad says, without looking away from his paper.
"Lao' is sick," Makuahine says.
"I think it's an act. She needs to go to church."
Makuahine bites her nails. She rarely challenges Dad. What he says is the law. She stands there, battling within. I can see she is dying to say something. Finally, she does, which shocks me. "You are wrong. Lao's is truly sick, and she will stay home."
"How can you trust her? She will go."
Makuahine stomps her foot. "I am putting my foot down. She is staying, and the conversation is done."
Dad's face reddens. He is not used to his wife talking to him like that. He reminds me of a tea kettle ready to blow. Makuahine seems nervous yet determined. My heart warms for her sticking up for me. She rarely does.
"Fine," Dad gives in. "But we will come home periodically to check on you, so don't get any ideas for funny business."
Makuahine puts her arm around me and leads me downstairs, where she tucks me in. I fall asleep before she leaves the room.
I don't know if Dad or Makuahine came back and checked on me. I sleep the whole day and into the night. I am sure it boiled Dad for me to sleep the Sabbath away, but I can't help it. On Sunday, I wake up more tired than I was on Saturday. It's been two days since I ate a thing. I am delirious. I keep thinking someone walks into my room, but when I look, no one is there. I am supposed to go to work to open the tramp park, but I can hardly get out of bed to use the bathroom.
Dad and Makuahine go to my work to tell Ted I won't be making it in and pick up my car. I can imagine Ted is furious.
"That's it. She is fired. First, she passes out at work, and leaves me two employees short as one drives her home, and now she doesn't show up today. I can't tolerate this type of laziness." Ted screams at my parents.
"I agree," Dad says. Why is he taking Ted's side? "She pretended to be sick to miss church yesterday."
"Well, you tell that worthless fat cow of a daughter never to step foot on my property again."
Of course, Ted never said those things, but I imagined he did.
When Makuahine and Dad return, they find me past out in the hall outside my bedroom. When they try to arouse me, I am delirious, making no sense at all. In a panic, they call the ambulance.
When I become fully cognitive, I am in the emergency room.
"The doctor will be in to review our findings," nurse Stephanie says. "Can I get you anything?"
"Apple juice," Makuahine whispers behind her hands.
Is that worry she has for me? I thought she had stopped caring.
Why am I here? I sort of remember my parent's hysteria in the basement, and I remember the ambulance ride and the workers. Everything comes at me in slivers and fragments.
We sit in silence. I can see the worry on my parents, even Dad. I hate to admit it, but it is nice to see Dad worried about me. He has been so cold, so distant lately. Finally, the doctor comes in for the second time. Earlier, he had asked me a few questions, but now he is there to say what is wrong with me.
"You mentioned Laha has been sick."
"Lao'," Makuahine corrects.
"Sorry, Lao'. I think there is more going on than a reaction to a cold."
Makuahine squeezes Dad's hand. She's probably thinking cancer.
I wish we had a private room. Instead, we're in a giant area, only separated by curtains. A man moans to the left, and a child screams to the right. Mechanical hums and the chatter of hospital personal make it hard to hear the doctor. The smell of disinfectant overpowers the area. It must also be mealtime because I smell broccoli. At least I don't feel hunger.
"Her lab values are disturbing, but they paint a clear picture." The doctor hands a sheet to my parents while he stands over them and points to numbers as he talks.
I want a cloak of invisibility. This man is about to betray my greatest secret. How can he know my sins from that paper?
"As you can see, Lao is very low on most values. I don't want to overwhelm you, but I feel it's important to go over them with you. Her white blood cell count is low, which surprised me. If she had as bad as a cold as you said, they would be elevated. A low white blood cell count can indicate malnutrition."
"My wife makes nutritious meals," Dad says in defense.
The doctor ignores him. "She is anemic, which means she is not getting enough iron in her diet. Her platelets are low, which again points to malnutrition. Her calcium level is low, with a high phosphorus level. These calcium levels have had serious complications on her heart, which we have seen on her EKG. Her sodium, potassium, bicarbonate, chloride, and bun are all low. This can be caused by overhydration or vomiting. She has elevated liver enzymes, which are seen in malnutrition. She has hypothyroidism, which can be caused by malnutrition. Her ketones are high, which can be caused by starvation and heavy exercising. In a nutshell, you have a sick daughter, and it's most likely self-inflicted."
"I don't get what you are saying," Dad looks baffled.
"Have you seen a change in your daughter's eating pattern? Is she preoccupied with food, does she refuse to eat, is she depressed, is she always weighing herself, does she go to the bathroom after every meal?"
Makuahine and Dad search the crevices of their brains to think of times that correlate with the doctor's questions. Thankfully, I am in the basement with a bathroom down there. After dinner, I do my purging down there. They think I am going to my bedroom. I can't stop the tremor in my hand because I feel terrified. The truth is being revealed. My parents will now know I have an eating disorder. This is going to make my life suck. Makuahine will force me to eat 5,000 calories a day. They will sit with me after meals to make sure I don't puke. Maybe they will force me to stop exercising. Dread fills me. I can't have this. They can't do this to me.
"I really can't think of any time she has refused to eat, except when she was sick," Makuahine says. The last week, I worked during dinner time, so they didn't know I wasn't eating. I hadn't eaten any of her breakfast the previous week, but she had sent them with me to school, thinking I ate them. I was glad she didn't have any concrete examples to match his hypothesis.
"I really can't think of any either," Dad says. I am glad my parents are clueless.
"I don't get how she has malnutrition. She is small compared to the woman in my family but still looks thick and full. How can she be lacking? I make healthy, well-balanced meals." I feel bad as Makuahine questions her ability as a mother to keep me healthy. I want to hug her and tell her it isn't her fault, but I can't. She can't know the truth.
"I could be wrong about an eating disorder, and her condition might be physical and not psychological. If you really don't think she is skipping meals on purpose, we can run more tests. She may not be processing her foods the way she is supposed to. There might be something wrong in her digestion tract."
The doctor has a bead of sweat around his forehead and a flushed face. The emergency room is packed. I sometimes heard doctors work a straight twenty four hour shift. There are large bags under his eyes. When was the last time he slept?
Makuahine and Dad look totally lost. I am a demon for putting them through this. They want answers, and I have the answers. I know the truth, but despite my desire to take away their pain, I can't. I will die protecting my secret.
"How about we wait on running more tests," Dad says. "We don't have insurance, and I am afraid of what this visit is already going to cost us."
"What if something is seriously wrong with her?" Makuahine protests against Dad.
"We will keep an eye on her. If she doesn't get better soon, then we'll get more tests." Makuahine squeezes herself. I can tell she hates Dad's answer. But, like a dutiful wife, she keeps her opinions to herself.
"What should we do?" Dad asks the doctor.
"Give Lala plenty of support."
"It's Lao'."
The doctor blushes. "Sorry. Give your daughter support, and watch her eating. Make sure she isn't skipping meals. It might be good to take her to therapy. I would have her lab values drawn again in a month. If her symptoms don't get better, you should bring her back."


CHAPTER 13-The Band


"I think I figured it out!" I say gleefully on the silent ride home. "I have been sick for the last few days, and I haven't eaten. That is why all my values were down. I was starving because I didn't feel good enough to eat." I'm not happy, but I am trying to act like I just cracked a significant mystery. Surely my parents won't buy into my deception, but I must try.
"That's right. I wish I would have remembered to tell the doctor that," Makuahine says. "I feed you nutritious meals. You missed a few from being sick. I bet the combination of the cold and your lack of food is what made you pass out."
She was right. It was my lack of eating, but not in the way she thought.
When they weighed me at the hospital, I was tickled to learn I had only lost eleven pounds from starving. I wanted more, but then they pumped me full of IV fluids and nutrition, and I am scared to weigh myself again.
I know I can never starve myself like that again. It hadn't been a fun experience. I didn't like being lethargic and sick. I had frightened my parents, and I feel bad they will get a huge hospital bill because of it. I didn't know we don't have insurance.
After the hospital, Makuahine made very nutritional meals. She followed the FDA's food plate to perfection. I had to eat it, and like I feared, she made me eat seconds. They forbid me to exercise for a week, but I still got up at five and exercised for two hours. They didn't know. Makuahine kept me home from school for two days. She said I was too sick to go and not to worry about my perfect attendance. Easy for her to say. Dad drove to my work and made a deal with Ted to keep me home for a week. I don't know what he told him. I know they had doctor note. I sure hope they didn't tell everyone I was this stupid girl who starved herself.
Makuahine and Dad denied I had an eating disorder, but they sure watched me like a hawk. I'll have to do everything right to make them move on from that notion. If I keep eating these high-calorie meals and miss out on my nightly exercising, I will swell up to a balloon.
It's Thursday. I lay in bed. I have finished my exercise late because I had to go to my stupid pathfinder meeting. I am down, everything dark and hopeless. This is the worst week of my life because they force me to eat so much, and I can't exercise. I still purge, but not as often as I like. I take lots of laxatives and enemas, and to make it all worse, I won't be getting the perfect attendance award. I planned to go through my whole high school career without missing a day of school, but my parents robbed me of it. I don't know why they kept me home.
I think about my friends at the tramp park. They are enjoying their job without me. All I do is sleep when I'm home. I hate it. I hate life. I hate me.
I cut more, turning my arms into a bloody mess, resembling hamburger. When I run out of places to slice, I move to my legs. I keep long sleeves on. If my parents understood what an emotional mess I was, they would commit me. Every time I go to the bathroom, the bottle of Tylenol calls to me.
"You can end it all right now. You don't have to hurt anymore." The pills promise to end my pain.
Saturday, I go to church. I am at the lowest point of my life. Life seems worthless, and I can't understand it. God supposedly created us, but why? Why would he create such devilish, unrighteous beings? What was the point? Why are we here? I hate life. I want it to end. I don't want it anymore. Maybe I need Church to heal me. Possibly through it, God can restore my light.
I am wrong. Church makes things worse for me because I see my sin. Everyone there seems perfect, so I leave church feeling like the biggest sinner around. I don't deserve life. I don't deserve love. I don't deserve God's grace.
Why is life hard? I wish it were in my senior year, and I was in Hawaii already. All my problems will end in Hawaii.
It's nice to be back at work. It's May 5th. Being stuck with my parents for over a week destroyed me. I am still depressed, but the suicidal thoughts have left. I plaster on my fake smile and pretend all is right in my world. Surprisingly, I am bombarded with attention. After passing out at work and taking a week of leave, everyone seems concerned for me. Even Ted slightly seems concerned. I like the attention. Maybe I should pass out more.
"Do you know Brad?" Tesla asks me. My heart flutters hearing his name. How would Tesla feel if he knew I liked him and Brad? "Yeah," I say, trying to play it cool.
"Well, we are in a band together. Did you know his father is William Shantley?"
"Yeah."
"That's all you can say is, yeah? William Shantley is freaking amazing!" Tesla does air guitar. Man, Tesla is hot!
"Well, you are acting like this is all new news to me. I already knew this."
"Fair enough. Anyway, I am heading there after work to jam with my band. Would you like to come?"
My nerves ignite. I have been dying for an invite. As quickly as I get excited, gloom hits me. I planned to exercise after work. I desperately need to, because I have missed too much gym time as it is. I feel like I have a shoulder angel and devil.
"Go watch Brad and Tesla jam. You can drool over both of them at the same time." The devil says.
"No. You must exercise. You are getting way too fat, you oversized heifer," the angel chimes in.
"I don't think I can tonight," I say regretfully. Tesla takes my hand in his. My heart races out of control. "Please, it would mean a lot to me."
He stares at me with his brilliant green eyes. How can someone be so freaking handsome?
"Okay, I'll go." I am disappointed in myself for giving in. I should exercise. When I reach the status of the Pillsbury Dough Boy, neither Tesla nor Brad will want me.
Brad lives in a small house in a rundown neighborhood. Bummer. I was sure with a famous father he would live in a mansion. Does this make me think less of Brad? I hope not. The base from the band rattles my bones before I even get out of the car. Do the neighbors hate listening to them?
"Tesla!" the band calls out as we enter the garage. There are lots of really cute guys here. It smells stuffy, like a high school gym. Maybe someone should teach them all what deodorant is. The vibrations of the music move me, resetting my heart rhythms. I feel good, better than I have in weeks. A genuine smile fills my face, not like the fake ones I have forced myself to wear. I scan for Brad and find him jamming on his guitar. He has an impressive voice, a little chiseled and manly. I might be attached to Tesla's hand, but I can't stop staring at Brad. I thought I liked him before, and now I am full scale infatuated with him, watching him on his guitar. Maybe I will stick around on the earth a little longer.
Brad puts his guitar down and runs to me. It's romantic.
I imagine him challenging Tesla for me.
"What are you doing with my girl?" My heart leaps, thinking about him calling me his girl.
"If you can't tell, she came with me." Tesla throws his arms around me and squeezes me tightly.
"I knew her first," Brad spits out in rage. He is in a fizzy, and it's all for me.
"Not true. I was teaching her to drink coffee before you came slumping into the break room all drunk."
Brad throws a left punch to Tesla's eye. He was expecting it, and he drops to the ground. With savage determination, Tesla jumps up. "Lao's is my girl."
Brad flies at Tesla, and they crash to the ground. They roll around the garage, smashing guitars and drums. Who do I want to win? I pause the fight in my head. Tesla is gorgeous, he controls me with his scent, but he scares me. I can't trust him. Brad is safe. He is a gentleman, and besides, he is cute. Brad wins.
Brad knocks Tesla out cold and runs to me and lifts me in the air. When he brings me down, we share a long kiss.
I awake to reality as Brad grabs my hand and kisses it. This is real, not the fight. I wish Brad would kiss my lips.
"Hey, Brad," I say, tilting my neck to him, tempting him to kiss it.
"What are you doing with this punk?" Brad says, pushing his finger into Tesla's chest. Is my fantasy about to play out? Are Brad and Tesla going to fight over me? My heart flutters at the thought of being desired that much. Tesla laughs as if he could care less if Brad stole me from him. My shoulders slump.
"He's my date! He offered me to come listen to his band." I say in reply to Brad. I don't want him to be upset that I came without him inviting me.
"This ain't his band," Brad barks. "It's mine." Brad is testier than I have ever seen. I hope it's because he is jealous.
"Not anymore," Tesla said as he let go of my hand and took his guitar out of its case.
I look around the garage in disappointment because I had expected something more professional. The tiny garage feels crowded. The band must suck if this is all they can get to play in.
"So, this is your place?" I say.
"Yup," Brad says, rocking on the back of his ankles.
I notice Virtue. What is she doing here? Rage feels me, and I have to suppress it. I hate how Virtue has won such a permanent place in Brad's heart. If I ever become Brad's girl, I am going to make him disown her. I scowl but realize I might turn Brad's heart against me if I am rude to Virtue. Despite everything I feel about her, I turn and smile. "Hi, Virtue."
Virtue squeezes her shirt tightly and looks away. What an idiot.
"Hey, don't forget to introduce us," some of the other band members say. They come over to me. I feel like I have entered a magazine of sexy men. Everyone there is amazing. "I play electric bass, and I am the best here." A cute guy says to me.
"He sucks," Brad says.
"Let's show this babe what we're made of," Tesla calls out as he comes down on his strings. The band takes their spots and rocks out to Imagine Dragons. I sit on a speaker, liking how the vibration enters my body.
Tesla has a silky voice and carries me away, making my crush for him intensify. I think I might lose it since hot-talent and looks surround me. I had judged unfairly. The band is amazing, and I could love everyman in here.
Brad watches me almost the whole time. Sometimes our eyes lock together, and I can feel something pass between us. I hope he feels it too.
I keep looking between Brad and Tesla, deciding I don't mind polygamy. I will marry them both.
I try to ignore my bladder, but I can't. It's going to burst, and I also need to purge.
Hating to leave, I bend over to Tesla and ask, "Where is the bathroom?"
"Let me take you," he says, putting his guitar down.
"No, this is my house. I will show her." Brad practically drops his guitar and runs to me. He is fighting for me! I smile. I like having a little place in his heart. All I have to do is kick Virtue out. Brad grabs my hand and leads me into the house.
I quietly purge, then brush my teeth with mint toothpaste. When I come out, Brad is right next to the door—startled, my heart races. Did he hear me?
"Your band is nice," I say, staring into his pale gray eyes. The mint freshens my mouth. I remember the kiss from my fantasy, and I want it in real life. Maybe it will erase the horrible week I had.
"Thanks." His voice squeaks.
I don't know what else to say. I walk toward the garage.
"Do you want to see my room?" He asks me awkwardly. If it were Tesla, I would say no, but I trust Brad. After all, he is a self-proclaimed gentleman.
"Sure." Our eyes lock. Only if you kiss me.
The small room has no pictures on the walls. A bed and a dresser is all the furniture it has, but it is trashed. I don't know if I could marry Brad if he is a slob. Why are Virtue's clothes scattered everywhere? It feels gross in here. I want to get back to the band. My feelings for Brad turn cold. Virtue is his girl, not me.
"Are you alright?" he asks. "I heard you got pretty sick at work."
"Yeah, I am fine." I step away from him. "Except for the fact you have Virtue living here," I want to say.
"Can I do anything for you?"
"No. I am fine. Why do you have girl's clothes in here?" I ask.
"Virtue has been staying here," he says as if it's no big deal.
I feel vile inside, wanting to leave. "Oh yeah, I heard you two were a thing."
"We aren't a thing." He says.
"Then why does she sleep with you?" Even saying it makes me want to puke.
"Oh no, she doesn't sleep with me. I sleep on the couch. I am a gentleman, letting her sleep in my room."
"It's still weird that she lives here with you." I pick at the yarn on his quilt. I don't know what to say. I want to leave. Her clothes lie littered at my feet, and it doesn't feel right.
"Not really. She has a hard life. Her mom neglects her. This way, living here, we can help her out."
"So you don't love her?" I stare at him, daring him to denounce Virtue.
"There is no way I could ever love Virtue in the way you are indicating."
Bang. Comes a noise outside his bedroom door. It is slightly open, and Virtue peeks through the crack, spying on us. She lets out a screech and runs off. I hope she is jealous. She better keep running and never return. Good ridden to you, you home breaker.
I can't help smiling. I have won this round. "Well, it's weird to me."
We sit in silence for what seems like forever. "What are you doing with Tesla?" he finally asks.
"I told you, we are on a date." I pick at my manicured nails. Is Brad jealous? He deserves to be jealous. I am jealous of Virtue, even though I shouldn't have to be since she is so homely. I might not be stunning, but I am much better than her.
"He's too old for you," Brad says.
The carpet in here must have been picked in the '70s when for some reason, people thought brown and vomit green were good choices for decorating. If it were my room, I would have ripped the carpet out with my bare hands.
"Age doesn't mean anything to me." That is a lie. I love dating an older man. Having an adult man think I am worth dating makes me feel like I have value.
"Yes, but it should. Older men only have one thing in mind when they date young high school girls." Brad was right about that, and Tesla had made it clear several times.
"I am not as young as you think. I am mature." I hold my head high.
Brad looks frustrated. "Besides, Tesla is a player."
"So."
"So. You deserve better."
"Do I," I say in a flirtatious tone. I wrap some hair around my finger. "And who would be better?" I lock eyes with him. Is he going where I hope he is going?
"I would treat you like a gentleman."
My face hardens. "Like a gentleman. You stood me up on a date." A bitter reminder hits me about the date we didn't have when he left with Virtue instead of me. However, that situation did teach me how devoted Brad treats his friends. I do like his loyalty, but I am going to push for a second chance.
"Lao' it killed me not to take you out. You really hurt Virtue. I couldn't let you hurt my friend like that. One thing you must know about me is I am true blue. I will stand up for any of my friends. I will never sell out."
I ponder his words, then smile. The electricity between us could light a town.
"You know I think you're cute," I say, intently focused on him. "Even when you were covered in your own vomit."
"Dad has cancer. That was his vomit I was wearing. I was late that day because I was helping Dad out. He is very sick."
I didn't know his dad has cancer. I feel like such a worker. Why had I said that? Now Brad thinks I am insensitive and doesn't want to date me. I wish I hadn't said that. Why am I so stupid?
"I am sorry. I didn't know. Now I feel insensitive. Everyone was insensitive to you that day. Why didn't you tell the Rumblehoffs what had happened."
"I didn't want to cry on my first day of work." His words penetrate me even deeper.
My mind wanders like it often does. There are eight shirts on the floor, with three pairs of pants and scattered underwear from what I can see. I would never want a boy to see my underwear. Doesn't Virtue have any pride to hide them?
I put my hand on his leg. I shouldn't. It reminds me of what Tesla did to me. I look at it and make sure it's next to the knee, the safe zone, not too high. "You aren't too manly to cry?" I ask, bringing my thoughts back on Brad. The thought of a sensitive man is attractive. Dad lacks sensitivity, and I hate it.
"I cry all of the time."
That's it. Brad is the man for me! Let's run away now and get married. I will kick Virtue out of your room and move in.
I can't help it. I scoot closer to Brad.
"Why don't I see you at work?" I ask.
"I work weekends mostly, and from what I understand, you don't."
My face drops. "Yeah, Dad won't let me work weekends. He's an idiot."
"Don't put your dad down. He's only doing what he thinks is best for you." Brad has no idea what he is talking about. Dad is a control freak. He doesn't do things for me. He does them for him, for the way it makes him look to his neighbors and coworkers. Mostly, he does things to show how righteous he can appear at church.
We sit in silence. The image of fantasy-Brad enters my head. I want him to kiss me, to validate his feelings to me, to show me my worth. I can't wait any longer. I lean over and kiss Brad. I know he will be a gentleman and not take advantage of me.
Brad is the first boy I have ever kissed. I am not sure how it's supposed to happen, but I don't think he kisses me back. On the other hand, he has not pulled away. Am I doing it wrong? Maybe it's so sloppy Brad can't stand it. Perhaps he is an expert in kissing, and the way I do it makes him sick. I wish I weren't such a stupid idiot.
-Shamed. I shouldn't have done that. I push away. I go to apologize, but instead, I say, "You know Brad, I have always liked you."
"Even more than Tesla?"
Yes! I have made him jealous!
Just then, the door flies open, and Tesla barrels into the room. My heart sinks. Did he see the kiss? He is going to think I am a slut. I start my date with Tesla, and then he finds me kissing Brad. What have I done? I jump up as if that proclaims my innocence.
"Now, don't you be trying to seduce my date," Tesla says as he wraps his arm around me. "You are missing our practice," Tesla plants a kiss on my ear, and I relax. I don't think he saw the kiss. I look at Brad and wish to stay with him. I am wholly attracted to Tesla, but I choose Brad.
In the garage, Brad's dad rocks with the band. I'm not head over heels with William as everyone else seems to be, never less, his dad has extreme talent. The music invigorates me, and I feel on fire. (Or was it the kiss?) I wish I had a talent where I could create music. I want to join the band so that I can hang out with these guys every night. I never want to leave.
Tesla acts edgy when I remind him he has to take me home. He doesn't want to leave because he hasn't finished jamming. Before Tesla brought me, he promised to get me back to my car at the mall in time for me to be home by nine. As it is, we leave fifteen minutes later than he promised. Tesla is anxious to get back to the band, so he doesn't put any moves on me in the parking lot.
Such a relief.
But I am late. For this, I will pay.


CHAPTER 14-Betrayed


"You went out with Tesla again?" Candus says, disappointed in me. Her bed feels heavenly soft. What is it like to sleep on? I like hanging out with Candus in her room. I lay back and let her bed carry me away. "Lao', what are you trying to do, get raped?"
Her words steal my moment. I sit back up. "Tesla wouldn't rape me. What are you talking about?"
Poor Candus has to share her room with three other sisters. There is no theme, just chaos. The room has cluttered energy with toys everywhere, and I am pretty sure they aren't Candus'. That would drive me crazy to have to share with pigs. Thankfully, I am an only child.
"I don't think he is the type of guy who can handle no."
"It was fine. I didn't go to be with Tesla. I went because I wanted to see Brad."
Candus' face contorts. "I don't know what you see in that punk. Don't you remember him coming to work the first day covered in puke?"
Brad told me about his sick Dad. "Maybe you shouldn't judge him so harshly." I don't know if it was my story to share.
The room smells like a mixture of cotton candy-body spray and musty socks.
"Lao' you are so pretty. You could probably get any guy you want." I'm not pretty, especially compared to her. She is the drop-dead, California beach blond Barbie. When we walk into a room together, the heads turn her way, not mine.
"I am not," I say.
"Oh, yes you are. I really wish you would stop putting yourself down."
"I don't put myself down. I know the truth."
"What do you think of Preston?" she asks.
"I don't know. I don't work with him too often. If you like him, then great." I want her to like Preston because it keeps her away from Brad and Tesla.
"I can't really figure out my feelings for Preston."
Sitting with Candus helps keep my depression away. I feel better. Watching Brad's band brought life back into me again. I am infatuated with him. He is all I can think about, entering my thoughts at almost all hours of the day; my obsession. I like his bad boy look. It should repel me, but it turns me on, especially the way he flips his hair to get it out of his eyes, mmm. His scent flows over my body and carries me away to la-la land. His pale gray eyes remind me of a glacier. Brad must not like perfect girls because he spends all of his time with Virtue-dog of the universe, so my weight shouldn't be an issue with him.
Oh yeah, and Brad is real, genuine. There is nothing fake about him. What you see is what you get.
It's been over a month since I saw Brad. I want to see him more, but we don't have any shifts together. It's June, and I feel ripped off. This is the first year my school decided to do year-round. I should be out on vacation, but instead, I am stuck in class. I can hardly concentrate. My mind is trained to shut down for three weeks this time of year.
My head burns, feeling like it's going to crush in. I close my eyes tight and let the brain-freeze pass.
"Ah, brain freeze," Rueben says.
I open my eyes. "Oh, it's gone now." I take another sip of the free smoothie. With all the free food Rueben gives out, it's a wonder the snack bar makes a profit.
"So, like I was saying, my wife comes home with three bags of clothes. Do you know how many shifts I have to work to pay for her spending habits? She is going to run me into the poor house." I wonder if his wife knows how bad he talks about her all the time. I look at my watch. Ten more minutes of break left.
I take another sip and tune Reuben out. I have gotten pretty good at it. With five minutes left of my break, I hear Rueben mention Candus and Tesla.
"Yeah, so he stops by last night and picks Candus up. They are going to Brad's band. I feel so gypped. Tesla takes everyone to listen to Brad's band. He even took you once, didn't he?"
"Yes."
"That's what I thought. I guess you have to be a cute girl to go. Tesla is always bragging to me about how much fun they have. They drink and smoke weed, and there are always women everywhere. Gorgeous, drop-dead women. You gotta get Tesla to take me."
"Aren't you married?" I ask in disgust.
"So. I can still look and enjoy the finer things of life. I don't have to lock myself in a convent because I wear a wedding ring."
What a pig. Someone should tell his wife.
When my break ends, I return to the foam pit area. I can't concentrate on my job. Kids run and roughhouse all around me, and all I can think of are Rueben's words. Candus went on a date with Tesla. She regularly lectures me about not dating Tesla, about what an animal he is. I know she liked him once. It's apparent she has always wanted him, and now she pushes me away from him while she sweeps in and steals Tesla from me.
And then there is my hurt with Brad. Is Rueben right? Are there always drugs and girls at Brad's house? Brad pretends to be such a gentleman, but maybe he is a player like Tesla, just in a different way, using a different style, lime -lighting as a Christian, but really a sexual beast inside.
Virtue walks through my area.
"Hey Virtue?' I say and walk over to her. She wraps her arms tightly around herself. Surely she knows I don't like her. I try to put the charm on. "How are you?'
She looks at her feet and doesn't answer. What a satvik. What do she and Brad talk about? Does she talk?
"Did Candus go to Brad's last night?"
"Yeah," she whispers.
"Did Brad seem excited to have Candus there?"
She shrugs.
"Did they seem interested in each other or spend extra time together?"
"He took her to his room as he did with you." Virtue says, taking a deep breath.
My heart turns solid stone.
I can still feel the kiss we shared in his room. Brad took Candus there! Was that his move with all women, take them to his room? Maybe he and Tesla tag-teams all women. I had read Brad all wrong. He was no gentleman.
He is a dog.
"Did anything happen?"
She shrugs.
"Is there anything else you want to tell me about them?"
She shrugs again. Why don't you just stand there like an idiot?
She stands there. Can't she take the clue?
"Okay, bye," I say. Virtue quickly scampers away.
I thought Brad liked me. I was wrong.


CHAPTER 15-Life Unraveling


It's not my shift, but I stop at the tramp park to pick up my check. I have spent extra time on my makeup just in case I run into Brad or Tesla. I know I should stop trying to catch Tesla's eye, but I can't help it. The way he looks me up and down, with desire, it makes me feel wanted, not fat and ugly. I come toward the end of their shifts, just in case they want to hang out afterward, hopefully, invite me to watch their band.
The area is pretty empty. There aren't many customers there. I pick up my check from Carol, the cashier who works the front.
"How are things?" I ask without really caring. Carol is in her twenties and sort of odd. We have never hit it off. I'm not interested in her, but I am stalling, hoping Tesla or Brad will walk by.
"I don't know. I am so sick of Ted and Maggie. All they do is complain and complain. They are so negative. It's a surprise they have any employees left and that we haven't revolted. Do you see how empty it is here tonight? The Rumblehoffs chase all their customers off. They aren't good for business. Oh, yeah, and did you know they are atheists as well? This is a Christian community. No one wants to support an atheist business."
I have no desire to listen to Carol moan and bad-mouth the owners. Sure, Candus and I talk smack about the Rumblehoffs, but only when they deserve it. We don't sit there and slander their name to anyone who will listen. That is all Carol does. I scan the lobby area. I need Tesla or Brad to come by. Ted has prohibited us from going out to the floor if we are off duty. He is such a tight butt. Carol is still spilling her unsolicited opinions out.
"Who's working today?" I ask.
"What I really think you are asking is Tesla working tonight."
I blush. I shouldn't be too embarrassed. Carol has the hots for Tesla as well. "Tesla works on your shift. Let's see. Kristy, Preston, Rueben, Ryan. Brad and Candus worked, but they were sent home early since we are so slow. I think they decided to go on a date."
"You are joking me?" I say in dismay.
"No. They were having a great time together. They actually left here holding hands. Where was it they were going? I think to dinner and a movie."
Dinner and a movie. A romantic date. What in the world were those two going on a date for? Candus can't stand Brad, and besides, she knows I am madly in love with Brad. Why would they be on a date?
I can't think straight. I feel betrayed. Why would those two be out? Why would Candus do that to me? I remember Brad offering to give Candus a ride on his motorcycle at our orientation meeting. I guess he always has liked her better than me. I thought it wouldn't matter to Brad that I was fat, but I think it does. Candus is perfect. No wonder he would chase after her. I am going to be sick. I need to puke.
I am flustered. Hurt. Angry.
I return home. Dad is out, and Makuahine is sitting on the couch in the entry room. She looks bothered. She usually only sits there when she is waiting for me. What have I done wrong this time?
"What is this?" she asks as I close the door. She doesn't say hi, how are you. I've missed you, how is your day? She goes straight to accusations and disappointment. She pulls out my Hawaiian costume.
"I found this under the stairs," she says with disappointment. I expect a conversation like this with Dad, but not her.
I shrug.
"What are you doing with this?"
I shrug.
"Do you know what your father would do if he sees it?" Her tone increases.
"I don't see what the big deal is. Anai gave it to me." Anai is my cousin.
Makuahine turns the costume around in her hand. "There is no way. This is not the material we use in our costumes, nor is it the design. Where did you get it?"
I'll die before I tell her about the Polynesian club. It's sad. Makuahine should be proud I want to hula as she can. She should have put me in hula at age two. I can't fully understand why I have to hide it from her.
I shrug.
"I am going to drive to the dump and dispose of this."
My heart jumps. Why would she do that? Why would she throw away my costume? I reach my hand for it, but she tucks it behind her back.
The entryway has a small social area. The couch is floral, and the walls are painted mauve. I think it was done in the '90s. I would love to paint it gray in here with white trim. My thoughts return to her.
"Please don't throw it away," I beg.
"Do you know what will happen if your father sees this?" Dread fills me with her thought. He will ground me for life.
"Please don't tell him," I whine and beg.
"I won't. That is why we must take it to the dump. If your father finds it, even in the outside trash, he won't let you go to Hawaii your senior year."
Sickness fills me. He can't take that away. He's already promised. I am moving to Hawaii, and there is nothing he can do to stop it. I will run away if I have to. I can't stay here anymore. I think about Brad and Candus at the movie theater, cuddling into each other. I am done with Whitefish Junction.
I look at Makuahine and hate consumes me. "Why don't you stick up for yourself?" I spit out. "Why did you sell your soul to be a Smith? What is so great about being a Smith? You have pure Polynesian blood running through you. You come from the line of the kings. Why would you throw it all away for some dumb guy?"
"Don't you talk about your father like that. I love my husband, and I make sacrifices for him. That is what marriage is about."
"No. That is not what marriage is about. That is what your marriage is about. You dishonor your ancestors."
My hands fly to my mouth. I can't believe I am bold. I have meant to challenge Makuahine on this for a long time. The way she rolls over on her back for Dad infuriates me. If this is what marriage is all about, I am never getting married.
"You are mistaken if you think I do this all for a man. I honor your father, but I do most of this for God."
"What do you mean?"
"God has asked us not to dance. That is why I don't dance."
"Those dances are your heritage. They are the story of our line. Why would you stop? God doesn't want you to stop honoring your family through dance. I know God disapproves of dirty or club dancing, but this is different."
"Lao', it's easy to justify sin. You make allowances for it here and there, and before you know it, you are following no moral ethics at all."
"Well, I don't believe the way you do."
"Lao'!"
"I don't. I think you are a disgrace. You make me sick. You should honor your family. Instead, you only honor Smiths. What is great about being a Smith? –Nothing. They are as random and the same as everyone else around here. You have something unique. You are different, but you hide it. I am surprised you haven't dyed your skin so you could be fully Smith."
"Lao'!"
"I want to be normal, like every other kid out there. You make me wear such conservative clothing, and the weekends are designed for teenagers, and I have to miss them to go to stupid church."
"Watch yourself, young lady."
"Well, so you know. I hate the Smiths. I hate church. I hate Candus and Brad. And I hate you!" I rub my nose. "Oh yeah, and I hate Dad the most. He stole your personality."
"Lao', you need to stop."
"No! You need to stop! Stop bowing down to Dad's every whim. Stop being so dumb!"
Slap! I don't know what hurt worse—the sting from where she hit or the fact she had slapped me on the cheek. I look at her. She has no remorse in those eyes. I can't stand that woman. She has no backbone. She is a waste of space.
Tension builds at home. I don't want to be around Makuahine. What type of mom slaps their own kid? What kind of mom does that? As much as I despise Makuahine, I detest Dad even more. He is ego-centric, religious-centric, male-centric, and a whole lot of other adjectives I choose not to use. When I am around my parents, I ignore them, and they have come to ignore me back. My senior year can't get here fast enough.
When I am home, I lose control of my mental well-being. I don't want to be around my parents, so I stay in my room. My room is too empty, and in it, I think about Brad and Candus dating. How long have they been dating? Does she plan on ever telling me?
I thought Candus was my friend. I have been wrong about her. She uses me. She uses me to go out on dates with guys so she can tell her parents she is with me. She uses me for rides because she is a baby and can't drive yet. The next time she is on a date, I should show up at her house, just to blow her cover and get her in trouble. She went to Brad's room with him. I thought she liked me. I can't trust her. I can't trust Brad. I can't trust my parents.
My legs are one slashed, bloody mess. I have sliced, and sliced, and sliced to take the pain and betrayal away. How could she date Brad and not tell me? The little hypocrite goes on a date with Tesla as well. I think she pretended to be my friend to manipulate me, sweep in, and take my love interests.
My legs sting, and I love it. I take all my hurt and pain out on them. The walls in my room close around me, causing me claustrophobia. I have to get out of here.
I drive around for a while until I end up at Candus' house. I hope she is out with a boy. That way, when I show up, I can get her in lots of trouble.
"Is Candus here?" I ask her Mom who's hair is still up in curlers. It is late evening. If she hasn't gotten ready by now, what's the point?
"Um. Well, Lao', I thought she was out with you." She swaps her baby from one hip to the other. Her face is frazzled, but she always seems out of sorts. I can't blame her. Eight kids is insane.
"Me?" I tried to play innocent. "I wish. Oh, I have been so busy, I haven't had a chance to see her at all last week."
Her Mom's eyes widen. "What do you mean? Candus has been out with you most nights last week."
"No. Not last week," I say. I am excited and feel like I need to pee. Candus is so busted!
"Are you sure?"
"Very sure. Will you tell her I stopped by?" I say as sweetly as I can.
A cloud of frustration overshadows her mom's face. I turn my back to her and smile. Great satisfaction only found in revenge fills me. When Candus gets home tonight, she is in for a beating; I can only hope.
"Why would you do that to me?" Candus snarls into the phone. I love hearing the anger in her voice. I hope she got beat good.
"Do what?" I ask innocently.
"First of all, you know you are never supposed to go to my house without checking with me first. You know this! You know I use you as my alibi."
"Oh, I must have forgotten," I say snottily.
"And then you tell my mom we haven't been together all week. Do you know how much trouble I am in?"
"Oh, I hope I didn't get you in trouble. Oh, I feel bad."
"I can't believe you let me down like this. How could you? Because of you, I am grounded until I am thirty."
No. Not because of me. She was the one who was sneaking out. It was because of her, not me. I loved that she is grounded. That will keep her away from my men.
"Who have you been out with when you said it was with me?"
There is hesitation on the line. "I've been going out with Preston." She lies.
"Every time?'
"Yes."
"Well," I say tartly. "You and Preston must be quite the thing if you have spent every night together. Was it worth it?"

"No."
There is silence. I want to jump through the phone and rip her head off and shove the phone down her throat. She lied to me. My supposedly best friend lied to me. She dates my men and lies about it.
I didn't mean to say it, but it came out. "I hate you!"
"What?" she asks. "I thought we were best friends."
"So did I, until I find out you've been dating Brad and Tesla? You weren't with Preston at all. You were with my boyfriends. How could you do that to me? You know I love Brad."
"Oh, Lao'" the edge in her voice softens. "I am sorry. It's not what you think."
"That's what they all say."
"No. Really. Brad was just helping me out."
"Sure he was. Was he helping you out when he took you into his room, and you sat on the bed with him?"
"I know that sounds bad, but it wasn't. I promise."
"If it was all innocent, then why did you lie to me about it? If you did not want to upset me, then maybe you shouldn't have gone on a date with the man of my dreams. How could you sit there and pretend to hate him, then you go and do this."
"Lao'."
"No. Don't Lao' me. I hate you and cannot trust you ever again."
"I don't think you should say anything you might regret."
"Oh, I don't regret it," I say as I slam the off button on the phone. I shake and badly want to smack her perfect face. She's not my friend.


CHAPTER 16-Consumed with Hate


It's awful to have hate consume my life. When good things happen, I can't even see them. At school, I won the Parchment Essay with a prize of a $2,000 scholarship. I should feel elated, but I don't. I entered the contest three months ago and had forgotten all about it. The local news came and did a feature on me, every kid's dream, but I can barely feel the excitement from it. Even as the reporter asked me questions, scenarios of Candus filled my brain.
I constantly have conversations with her in my mind. Sometimes I even beat her up. I can't let go of the hurt she caused me, and I can't stop obsessing over it.
I hate everyone in my life right now and avoid home at all costs. I have emerged myself in my homework to forget about everything. The one nice thing about the drama is I have lost eight pounds. I think it's because my stomach is always upset. I have to admit, this is a nice benefit of the misery I have been in.
It's nice not to work with Brad and Candus because I don't want to see either one of them, but on the other hand, it's horrible. They are working together, falling in love together, and there is no one there to stop it. Oh well, what do I care? They can have each other. Those two adulterers can have each other. I wonder if Brad knows Candus is only fourteen.
I try to ignore Tesla at work, but I can't withstand his smoothness.
"I believe when you go to Hawaii in a few months, that they will crown you the Hawaiian princess." He says as he lightly rubs his heavenly-soft finger up my arm.
Ahhh!
Thank goodness Maggie works today because she doesn't make as many rounds as Ted does.
"I'm going to get a job on a pineapple plantation and save enough money to buy us a bungalow on the beach. When you graduate high school, all you have to do is concentrate on hula. I will support you. I will be your man." Tesla doesn't care that we are at work, and a million kids watch us. He scoops me in his arms and passionately kisses me. I have been wrong about him. I will no longer resist him.
"Oh dear," Tesla says as he bolts out of the room. I return to reality as I watch Maggie walk into my area. I was too lost in my fantasy to keep an eye out for her. I wish Tesla would come back.
I let go of my animosity for Tesla. I can't be mad at him for taking Candus out. He is a player, and I know that. Unlike Brad, who pretends to be a gentleman, but really is a player.
I use Tesla as my outlet to release all the hate in me. I flirt heavily with him, and he responds to each thing I do. Tesla keeps asking me out on another date, tempting me to see his pad. He apparently has a little apartment in his grandma's mansion. His grandma has millions of pools and a fantastic yard. I want to go with Tesla more than anything in this world, but I know what Tesla will expect if he gets me in his apartment, and I will not give in despite my scrambled emotions.
Tesla is relentless. He keeps asking me for a date. When he brings flowers to me at work, I can't resist. I have to say yes, but to play it safe, I set the rules.
"I'll meet you for dancing," I say.
"Why can't we go together? That's the proper date."
"It's my terms or nothing."
"Fine, but don't you want to drink? If I drive, you can drink."
"Remember, I am only seventeen. I can't drink."
"If I take you to my place, you can."
I think about my religion. We don't drink. Of course, we don't dance, or watch movies, or live life either.
I think Tesla wants to get me drunk to take advantage of me. My heart races. I am playing with fire. I shouldn't be dating him at all, even if I create what I think is a safe date. The more I flirt with him, the more I like him. I should stop making plans, but I don't.
"I will meet you at the club at 7. I will leave at 9. I will drive myself both ways."
"Well, can I come with you? That way, I can drink, and you can drive."
"You are pushing your luck, Tesla," I warn.
The loud music and flashy lights blare into my brain. I have never gone clubbing before. This is an alcohol-free club, so I am allowed entry. We walk hand in hand with Tesla's body too close to me. My lungs tighten.
"I gotta go pee," I say as I break away. I walk across the empty dancefloor. No one is on it. The place is empty except for the workers.
I scrutinize myself in the mirror.
"What are you doing?" I ask. "You shouldn't be here with him." I know it leads him on, but I am in a halter top and short-shorts. He fills me with electricity when he ogles me up and down.
Tesla has a significant effect on me. Everything tingles around him. When he touches me, my body explodes. I shouldn't be with him. I don't love him. Dating him is only playing with fire. Why am I with him? Because he makes me feel special. He makes me feel wanted. He makes me feel beautiful. Brad kind of did that for me, but not like Tesla, and that was before Brad betrayed me.
I should sneak out the back and go home. Home is safe. Instead, I fix up my makeup and return to Tesla.
"I think we are way too early," he says as I sit at the table next to him. "The waitress told me the party doesn't really start until around 10 pm."
"I have to leave at 9."
"Well, why don't we go somewhere else?"
I look around. I don't mind dancing without anyone being here.
"Besides, this place doesn't serve alcohol."
That was the reason I picked it.
"Come on. I don't have a lot of time until I have to go. Let's just enjoy it." I stand up and try to pull him up. "Let's go dance."
Tesla looks around. The dance floor is empty. There isn't even a DJ yet, just background music. "I'd feel weird being the only one dancing."
"You won't be. You'll be dancing with me."
He doesn't budge. I give him puppy dog eyes. "Please."
He looks around again as if this is the most embarrassing thing he has ever done. "Fine, he says as he allows me to pull him up.
We go into the middle of the dance floor. He stands like a board, stiff. I want to have fun. What should I do? The only dance I know is the dance I learned at my Polynesian club, and even though it doesn't fit the music, I dance for Tesla. He watches intently, with a huge smile. I like his reaction.
"I love the way you move your hips."
"You should see the others. They are better."
"I don't want to see the others. I only want to see you."
Everything tingles.
When my hula ends, I move my body to the beat, Tesla still just watches.
"This isn't any fun dancing alone," I say.
"It's weird." He looks around again.
I grab his hands and shake them up and down. He moves around a little, getting into it. A loud, provocative song comes on, and something switches in Tesla. He is dancing, but it is way too close to me. Every cell, every nerve explodes. As much as I want it, I don't like how it makes me feel. I step away. I should have known better. What an idiot I was to think he would dance with me the way the high school boys dance at school.
"You are right," I say as I head back to the table. "This is weird." My heart pounds as I sweat. Tesla has too much power.
I sit at the table, and he stands next to me, seducing me with his eyes. "We still have time for hot tubbing at my place."
Does he ever stop?
The waitress comes over. "Can I get you guys anything?"
If we order something, then we will run out of time to go back to his place.
"Yes, I am starving," I say. I don't like the menu. It is full of high fat, greasy food, but I have to order. Otherwise, Tesla may make me go somewhere I shouldn't.
As I drive home, I vow never to date Tesla again. If Candus wants him, she can have him. Tesla is the devil, and he owns me. I can't allow him to get close to me again. The way he makes me feel, I won't be able to defend my virtue for long. The best thing for me to do is stop flirting with him at work, but I don't know if I can do that. He is a distraction.
He keeps me from thinking about my pain.


CHAPTER 17-Forgiving


I wipe the puke from my chin. My throat badly hurts, like it has a giant hole someone gouged out with an acidic spoon. Hot tears spill down my cheeks as I rest my head on the toilet seat. I want to stop puking, but how can I? I can't. I am a slave to this lifestyle. Sometimes the hunger consumes me, and I can't stop eating. I want to enjoy food as I did as a kid. I want to enjoy it as the rest of the world does. Why do I have to be cursed with fatness? For every calorie I eat, it multiplies to a thousand calories inside me.
I miss the good old days of being a kid when life didn't matter. Grades didn't matter. Kids could be chunky, and it was cute. A simple time when boys had coodies, and where they didn't put sexual tension on you. When things were simple. How did life become unbearable?
Makuahine and Dad used to take me to the zoo and park. We would go swimming at the public pool. I was all they had, and since I didn't have siblings, they were all I had. We depended on each other. But now, it seems like the cold war in my home. We sling silent missiles at each other. Where have the good times gone? Where is the love? We are becoming strangers in the same home.
I leave the house before Makuahine gets up.
"I am part of an academic club," I had told her.
"It starts early."
If I go to school early, then I won't have to eat any of her breakfasts, and frankly, I won't have to see her.
I don't have work today, and being totally desperate for something to do, I find myself at the Polynesian club. I am scared to go inside because I haven't been for a while.
"What do you mean you threw away the costume? You know that I spent hours sewing that for you."
"She isn't serious about Hula anyways," one of the best teens says as she circles me, licking her lips like a vulture ready to strike.
"You're a phony, more Smith than Polynesian. You don't belong here," an adult says. Every hand grabs me and shoves me out the door. It wasn't raining when I went in, but now the sky pours buckets of rain on me as I sit in the gutter.
The gutter; where I belong.
Beep!
A car drives by the church, and I wake out of my nightmare. I haven't even gone in yet.
I slowly walk in, slower than I did the first time I came here. The cultural hall is bright and lively, with all my old friends working on a dance I haven't seen. Kumu Hula sees me and hurries my way. All eyes follow her.
I hold my breath, preparing for her lecture.
"Lao', we have missed you. Where have you been?" she asks.
"Busy, between work and my academic club, it's been hard to find free time to come here." I glance away.
"Oh, the teen years," she looks through me, probably remembering better days. "I miss having things to do. All I do is feed children and one man, that's it. This club is my only escape from reality." She looks over her shoulder to make sure no one can hear her. "Don't be in a hurry to marry. It's not all it's cracked out to be."
Before I can respond, she grabs my hand and pulls our arms in the air. "Hey everyone, say Aloha to Lao'!"
"Aloha!"
What a relief! Everyone seems genuinely happy to see me. That makes me feel good. Kumu Hula leads me to the middle of the group. "Let's start at the beginning," she says.
I stand next to Kekoa. I forgot how exquisite he is. Tesla has nothing on Kekoa.
"Hi," he says, flashing me a smile. His teeth are crooked, a little discolored, but it doesn't matter with so much beauty in his face and body.
"Aloha," I respond. I twirl my hair on my finger.
"Where have you been? I kept looking for you meeting after meeting, and then I gave up hope."
I blush.
"This dance is done in partners," he whispers to me. "I have been put with my sister, but I will now pick you."
My heart races.
"Will your sister mind?" I ask.
"No. She doesn't want to dance with me," Kekoa says, trying to look hurt.
"I don't blame her," I reply.
"Listen and follow," Kuma Hula says.
I learn the dance with Kekoa and am surprised at how much fun I have. He doesn't make me feel dirty for dancing with him. I wonder what kind of guy he is. Is he a gentleman? Are there really any gentlemen left? Is he a player like Tesla and Brad? Maybe he will ask me on a date so I can find out.
"Hello," I say, answering the phone. It has been a while since I had talked to Brad.
"Hey, Lao'. How are you? I haven't talked to you forever."
"That's because you are too busy with Candus and Virtue to remember I exist," is what I wanted to say, but instead, I reply with a sad, "Hi."
"Hey, Virtue and I are doing this thing..." Wrong choice of words. I want to hang upon him. Did he really call to tell me what he was doing with another lady?
"And we would like you to come."
I had missed what they were doing, but I didn't want to be the third wheel to their weird relationship.
"Thanks for thinking of me," I say. I forgot how beautiful Brad's voice sounds. On the phone, it is mysterious and lures me in.
"Oh, please, we really need you."
"If you need someone, then why don't you call Candus?" I say snottily.
"Oh, do you think we should invite Candus?"
Sure, invite Candus! He totally missed my anger in that statement.
-Silence.
"Please, Lao', I miss you."
How can he miss me when he constantly has babes to his house to watch him perform? I can't compete with them.
"You are Christian. I need another Christian. I am trying to teach Virtue the value of serving the Lord and the joy that comes from it. I need your Christian example."
I want to hang up. I am mad at Brad, but just talking to him chisels layers of hate. He needs to stop. I want to hold onto my bitterness longer. He doesn't deserve forgiveness just because he talks to me.
"Please, please, please, please," he begs. Although I want to say no, "Okay," slips out of my mouth.
"YES!" he screams, killing my ear.
"We are making cookies and taking them to the elderly."
That was not what I had expected. That sounded like something a girl would organize, not a punk rocker.
"When?"
"Now."
"Now! Nothing like giving me any notice."
"This is spontaneous," he says. "You should try it sometime. You might like it."
"I am spontaneous," I say in defense.
"Prove it. Come over."
I am bated.
Brad's mom is very nice as she comes in the kitchen with us and directs us on making cookies. She talks and talks and tells me all of Brad's embarrassing stories. I am floored at how Brad reacts to her. I can feel the loving bond between them. They care for each other. I wished I had that with Makuahine.
"I am proud of Brad's good heart," she says with a choked-up voice in her throat. "He is a good, good man. He would make a good preacher one day. He is close to God. Can you believe this cookie idea is all his?"
"Oh." I am not sure what else to say.
"He is a good example." I want to believe her, but I can't. How can he be good if he spends his nights doing drugs and having women over?
"He is an example to his dad. Have you met William yet?"
"Yeah, he was playing in the band last time I came."
"Oh, you have been here before? There are always so many new women here, it's hard to keep track of them," she turns on the blender. It whirls as she mixes the sugar, eggs, butter, and vanilla. She turns it off and rubs her finger across the beater, licking the cream from her finger.
"Doesn't that bother you that Brad has so many women over all the time?" I can't help but ask it.
Brad laughs. Well, at least I didn't offend him by my question.
His mom drops the beaters in the sink and turns to me. "No. Brad is a good kid. He never brings women home, well besides Virtue, but she's family now. No. Brad isn't into that. Those women are brought over by my older son, Peter, which I am not proud of, and they are brought by another band member named Tesla."
"That is who I came with," I say.
"Oh, then you know him?" her face drops.
"Don't you like him?" I ask.
"He is a bad dude. I don't like him around. Yes, he is good for William. William adores Tesla, but I wish he'd never come back."
"Oh, Mom, stop judging people. You are a prophetess. You shouldn't judge." Brad dips his finger into the bowl and sneaks away with cookie dough.
"I have to be careful. I am the matriarch of this home. Tesla brings bad spirits in. I have the right to protect against that." She says.
I think of Tesla dancing too close with me, and I shudder. "What makes him bad?"
"Well, for starters, all the women, but worse, he brings drugs into the garage. Don't tell anyone. I try to stop it. I am against it 100%."
"Yeah, I heard there were drugs here," I say. Brad leans against the counter and watches us. Virtue stands next to him, looking at her hand.
"Brad, take the garbage out," his mom says, handing him a dirty can overflowing with garbage. Brad doesn't protest, only smiles. How impressive in his willingness to help his mom. Most of my friends argue with their parents about everything. I don't argue much, but I would like to. Brad looks like it's his privilege to help his mom.
"Don't talk too much about me," he says on his way out. Virtue follows him out.
"Now, don't worry," she says, turning back to me. "Brad never does the drugs."
"Are you sure?"
"Very sure. Brad is a good kid."
"But he smokes," I remind her.
"Honestly," his mom says with tears in her eyes again. "That is his only flaw. He is perfect. I don't know what I did in life for the Lord to bless me with such a choice spirit. Brad loves everyone. He is the kindest person I know. Take Virtue, for instance. I have never seen such a sad creature in my life. When he first brought her around, she was afraid of her own shadow, now look at her.
"Brad has transformed her. She has lost weight. She exercises and watches what she eats. She looks people in the eye. She talks to them. He took someone who didn't believe in anything and made her believe in life. He has blessed her."
"Are they girlfriend and boyfriend?" I ask. I am dying to know. Brad says they aren't, but he could be lying. Since Virtue lives with them, his mom would know if they were more than friends.
"No. I wouldn't mind if they were, but Brad isn't into girlfriends."
"Has he ever had one?" I ask. I know I am prying, but she is answering all my unanswered questions.
"Nope. Not one."
The sink, full of dishes, has a smell of old meat coming from it. Their home isn't trashed, but it's cluttered. The carpet screams 70's, as do the pink countertops, and his mom looks slightly old fashioned as well. They call her a prophetess. Does that mean she receives revelation? I can't buy into that idea.
"...and that's what I told him, and then he was like Dude, and I was like, sure thing," Brad says as he and Virtue returns. Virtue smiles as she listens to him. I didn't know she knew how to smile.
"Garbage is done," he says as he kisses his mom on the cheek. What a sweet son!
"Did you tell her all my juicy details?" Brad asks his mom while washing his hands.
"Every single one," his mom jokes back.
"Mom, I thought I paid you to keep those secrets."
"Sorry, you better up your payment."
They both laugh, even Virtue joins in with her goat laugh. I bask in the good spirit in their home.
"Let me get these dishes for you," Brad says as he fills the sink with soapy water. "Virtue, Lao', get over here and give me a hand."
Did he really volunteer to do the dishes without being asked?
The most profound guilt consumes me. I had judged Brad so poorly.
As we wash and dry dishes, I ponder the things I learned about Brad. I had been wrong. He is the gentleman he claimed to be. I had been pissed at Brad for things Tesla was doing, not Brad. I watched as Brad helped his Mom, and I also noticed how gentle he was with Virtue. Brad was a choice spirit.
I open the vent on my emotions for Brad.
I will forgive him.
I hope he will forgive me.
"I want you to meet Dad," Brad says after we bag up all the cookies.
"Where is he?"
"Sleeping."
"I don't want to wake up your dad," I say in a panic.
"It's okay."
"No. It's not. I don't want to make him mad."
"He will be more mad when he find out you were here, and I didn't bring you in to say hi."
Brad takes my hand and drags me to his dad's bedroom. Oddly, Virtue leads the way. We go into the room.
"Hey, Dad," Virtue says as she goes to his bedside. She bends down and hugs him.
"Hi, daughter," he says. "How's your day been?"
"We are making cookies to take to the nursing home," she says naturally. There is a warm smile on her face. I can see she brings joy to William.
"Are you keeping up on your grades?" he asks her.
"I am trying. Peter, Brad, and Mom are tutoring me." I didn't realize she knew how to say full sentences.
"Good, good," he says rubbing her hand. He looks past her and sees me.
"Who is this?"
"Lao'" Virtue says. "She is our friend."
Did Virtue say, "Our" friend? I am Brad's friend. I did not realize I was Virtue's friend. Did Virtue see me differently than I saw her?
"Bring her over so I can meet her."
Virtue steps aside. I nervously go to William. I can't believe how much he looks like Brad, only older, -a sicker version. The other night in the garage, he seemed like any average old-dude, but here in his bed, he looks fragile and sick.
"Lao', a Polynesian princess in my home. How did I get so lucky before I die?"
I blush. I don't know what to say.
"Let me see your hand," he says.
I reluctantly give it to him. He holds it and stares into my eyes. I feel like I am looking into Brad's eyes.
"You are a good girl. I can feel it." A bolt of spirituality shot into me, and I can feel his goodness. I want to cry. I am in the presence of someone highly favored by God.
"Take care of my boy after I am gone," he says as tears wet his cheeks. I can't help but join him.
We hold hands for longer than is comfortable. William talks about death openly. I don't know what to say or do next. Finally, Brad taps me out, and I slip to the door and watch Brad. He gives his Dad a quick sponge bath on the face and arms, then combs Williams' hair and shaves his face. I have never seen more love between a father and a son.
As I drive to the nursing home, I can't stop thinking about the love in the Shantley family. I envy it more than anything I have ever desired in the world. My family life is strained. I'm not close to my parents. Currently, we go out of our way to avoid each other. I have to hold in the tears so Brad and Virtue won't see them. I want what Brad has.
There is a box of cookies on Brad's lap and one on Virtue's. Maybe they only invited me because I have a car. There is no way they could have carried those cookies on the motorcycle. I doubt their sincerity, but then I stop myself.
I had been spiritually enlightened at Brad's home. Satan is trying to dissolve all the good by making me question their motives. I need to rejoice in the experience. I drive quietly, listening to Brad and Virtue talk. She has opened up more, and they chat away.
I think about my family. If I want what Brad has, then I have to give as Brad does. Maybe his mom is kind because Brad makes it easy to be a good mother to him. He tries to please her with everything. If she thinks Brad is perfect, then he must respect and honor her. Guilt feels me as I think about my parents. I have been a hard daughter to raise. Yes, I am pretty obedient and do most of what they ask, but not with a cheerful heart and spirit like Brad does. And, I am drama. I am always on edge and sad and upset. It doesn't take much to set me off. I had never thought about what it was like to raise me. I had always thought about how bad of parents they were.
I need to do better. I need to be more like Brad. When I get home, I am going to work on how I treat my parents. Maybe, we can have that same spirit in our home.
If I thought I had a spiritual moment at Brad's house, I wasn't prepared for the nursing home. At first, when I go in, I am uncomfortable, more than I have ever been in my life. There are old people everywhere, and they come right up in our faces. Many who approach us are confused and scary. Their clothes are weird, they smell funny, and their hair is wild. I want to turn and run. Why did Brad bring me? This is not my thing.
I watch Brad as he seems to be at home. He hugs everyone, even jokes, and converses with the scariest old people here. Brad passes out cookies, and he brings joy to many of their vacant eyes.
Brad is love.
Virtue blossoms. I wouldn't recognize her if we hadn't come together. She follows Brad's lead and passes out hugs. I didn't know she could hug. She takes their hands, much as she did with William. Virtue talks and listens.
She is love.
I have too much discomfort to follow their lead until we go into a big room. Here is a group of people. They are as old, but they seem different. They are well-groomed and dressed nicely. They seem aware of what is going on. I feel a little more comfortable around them. I hold the last box of cookies and try to give them to Brad.
"No, those are your cookies to pass out," he says.
"I am scared," I whisper.
Brad wraps his arm around my shoulder and utters a quiet prayer in my ear. In it, he asks God to bless me with strength and confidence. When he pulls away, peace and calmness wash over me. I take my first cookie to a man who has a missing leg. I feel embarrassed for him. Where should I look?
"How nice of you children to think of me," the legless man says. I hand him a cookie. I want to talk to him, but what do I say?
"How old are you?"
"Seventeen."
"Can you believe I was seventeen once?"
I laugh.
"You laugh. What. You don't believe me?"
I laugh again. "I believe you."
"Well, you shouldn't. I was lying to you. I've never been seventeen. I am sixteen."
I laugh again.
The guy is hilarious. I laugh so much I forgot about his amputated leg, and I forgot I am uncomfortable.
I go from person to person until all my cookies are passed out. I turn and observe Brad and Virtue. Brad sits next to a woman and tells her a poem. He said he wrote it himself. He then tells her another and another. I had no idea he wrote poetry.
Virtue sits at the feet of a large woman, messaging the woman's feet. My heart leaps within. I would not touch some stranger's feet. I probably wouldn't even rub Makuahine's feet.
Virtue appears as an angel. I had never seen her as more than a stupid, large girl. There is much more to Virtue than I had ever allowed myself to see. She has a virtuous quality about her, and the elderly migrate to her. She brings them joy and lifts their lives.
Brad had told me he wanted me along to teach an example to Virtue. He was wrong, for it is I who need their examples.
I slam on my breaks. Way too close! The car in front of me stopped for no apparent reason. My hands shake. I easily could have rammed into their back. I don't pray as much as I should, but I say a silent prayer to thank God for keeping me out of a wreck. My heart races and my head is light. The car continues as if nothing happened. Anger enters me. How can they be inconsiderate?
Lightly putting my foot on the gas, I accelerate. It takes a good five minutes to calm down. As I relax, I think about my day. I feel like I have gained three years of education in my evening with Brad.
He is way more than anyone gives him credit. He looks like a slacker, a kid who cares only about pleasure and the moment. That is so wrong. He loves everyone, and I am sure he puts others before himself. His heart is golden and kind. The way he cares for his parents is the sweetest thing I have ever seen. He is a pure example of Christianity. Brad has no shame of God or his religion. I wish I had his conviction. I wish I could stand for Christ as Brad does.
William, his dad, looked helpless in bed as Brad cared for him. William, once a local rock legend, is now dying of cancer. He called me daughter, and there was love in his eyes for me. How can he love me? He doesn't know me. He must be an amazing man. Maybe because of William's example, Brad is who he is. Their home was simple, their furniture sparse and warn, and yet they felt richer than anyone I have ever met. I want my home to be like theirs. Is that possible?
I will have to change for that to happen, but is my changing enough? Dad is stern and hard to live with. He places unrealistic and unjustified expectations on my back. I can be sweet and loving like Brad, but would Dad even notice? Mom is kind, but she is so wrapped up in making Dad happy that she sells her identity for him. I guess in the end, it only matters how I act, but if I want a home like Brads, we all have to change.
I pull up to the light and turn the radio on. The music is loud, which I usually like, but not now. I had an enlightening day, and I don't want it to be chased away. I flip the music off as the light turns green. I turn onto Gardner St. and head east.
I think about Brad and Virtue's friendship. Brad chose to be kind to Virtue, a girl who the world shuns, one who only a mother could love. He must have gone into the friendship without expectations, not expecting anything in return. His mother said how Brad had helped Virtue become a more beautiful, confident person. Brad did that. I could sense the love they share, not the type of lust most of us teens confuse for love, but the pure love of Christ.
Virtue had a kind heart and showed a gentleness to the old people even Brad didn't have. She had a gift—the healer's heart. I had judged Virtue from the first second I laid eyes on hers. I had seen her as the biggest dork, wearing grandma clothes, with a horrible haircut. I had failed to look at who she was behind the clothes. What is her story? Why is she so awkward and weird? I wish I had been more kind to her.
I need to love others as Brad and Virtue do. Like William and Brad's mother do. They are my examples. My heart swells with love as I think about them. I want to be like them.
I pull up to my house, not ready to go in. I think about Candus. She had been a good friend. It was rude of me to end our friendship like I did. She had the right to go somewhere with Brad. He was probably befriending her like he does everyone. And, she had the right to go out with Tesla. Neither one was my boyfriend. I didn't have the right to dictate who they go out with. I look at my watch. It's 8:45 pm. I don't have time to see Candus and make things right.
Dad sits at the kitchen table, looking mad. Did he and Makuahine get into a fight?
"Where have you been, young lady?" He growls. His eyes squint, and he looks like the devil. I wish William were my dad.
"I was out serving people, you idiot," is what I want to say, but I think about the Shantleys. What would Brad do? I don't know what Brad would do. I guess he would reply kindly.
"I was doing service at the nursing home. I had told Makuahine." I try to keep my voice calm. It is hard.
"She says you didn't tell her anything. We have been worried about you." In front of him is his newspaper. He can get lost in it for hours. I hate his papers.
"I told her!" I want to scream. I hate getting in trouble when one of the parents forget.
I take a long breath to calm myself because I am trying to be like Brad. I must control my anger.
"I told her," I say pleasantly. This is more work than I thought it would be.
"That's not what your mom says. We can't have you running off and doing whatever you want. You need to let us know where you are at all times."
What is he talking about? I wasn't running off getting into trouble. I was serving old people, for goodness sake. He treats me like I got back from drinking or something.
I hate how tight he keeps control of me. I am glad he doesn't know about my two hours of free time after work. He thinks I get off at 9 when I actually get off at 7.
I close my eyes to keep from yelling at him. I try to picture Brad. Give me the strength of Brad. If our family is going to change, it has to begin with me. My anger isn't changing. What can I do? I think of the Savior. A Calm comes over me.
"I understand. I am sorry there was confusion." I plaster a fake Miss. America smile on my face. I am happy. I am happy. I am happy.
"You are grounded for a week."
GROUNDED! For service. I had told Makuahine. This is bull. I did nothing wrong.
"Why!" I whine. This is unjust.
"Because you didn't tell us where you were."
"I did, though, I told Makuahine." I don't know if I can keep my voice calm anymore. I had tried. It takes two to mingle.
"So, are you telling me your mom is a liar?" His eyes set like stone. His features darken. At this moment, I hate him. Why can't he be like William Shantley? Brad is the way he is because of his father. My father sucks.
I want to fight with him, but I also know it will get me nowhere. No one ever wins a fight with Dad. Once he makes up his mind, he will never give in. EVER!
To make a change in this family, it will have to start with me. Despite all I feel and want to say, I smile. "Okay. I will try to do better."
This pisses me off. I want to fight. I need to fight, but our family has to change. Before I lose the little composure I have, I say, "May I be excused?"
Dad looks shocked, probably unsure of what to say. I am sure he had a whole argument prepared, knowing I wouldn't accept his punishment and would fight. But, I am submissive, like a lamb.
"Go," he said, scowling and pointing in the direction of my room.
I smile and spin around and slowly walk out. My rage boils inside. Nothing changed! He believes he is entirely in the right. How is this better? The only one who loses here is me.
Stomp. Stomp. Stomp. I make my way down the stairs. Wait. I shouldn't stomp. I lighten my pace. At my door, I have to steady my hand from slamming it closed.
I can't hold the tension back anymore. I pull out my razor blade and slash the back of my legs. If I can't hurt Dad, then I will hurt myself.


CHAPTER 18-Letting Go of the Pain


A week. I give myself a week to make a change at home. If I don't see any results, I will go back to the old me. I am comfortable with myself. I feel like I don't have a voice with the loving me. I feel fake and angry. I don't think having peace at home means I must bury my own will, but that is what I do.
When Dad took my phone from me as punishment for serving at the nursing home, it was all I could do to keep from screaming at him. Why does he punish me so hard? I didn't fight his first punishment. I was complacent, and this is my reward.
I want to call Candus, but I can't. I want to call Brad, but I can't. I rarely work with either of them. Since I can't leave the house on my days off, I am stuck doing nothing. I concentrate on my homework, and when I am furious, I read the bible, which means I now read the bible a lot.
"Please, God, I will work on me, but please work on my parents. If there is going to be a change in this home, it has to come from them as well."
I get the impression I need to do more.
"Why God? Why more? I am doing the best I can. It's not easy with parents as strict as mine. You know I didn't deserve to get grounded. I was serving you. They should have praised me. You know I told Makuahine what I was doing."
Again, I get the feeling I need to do more. I punch the pillow. It's not fair. I would give up, but I desperately want what Brad has.
After dinner, I jump up from the table and clear it. Then, without being asked, I wash the dishes. They are an old set, one my parents got when they first married, now filled with chips and scratches. Dad and Makuahine watch me, almost in unbelief. I am good to get my jobs done, but I never do anything without being asked. To add to it, I sweep the floor. It does feel nice to clean because no one in the family does it as well as I do.
I feel good inside. I just served God by serving my parents. Dad is in the library when I finish. Our library only has Christian based books in it. I know I should read them, but I don't. I want modern literature. I go in and pretend to grab a book. I want to see the effect my service had on him.
"Don't think I am going to shorten the time of your grounding," he says without looking up. What is he talking about? I didn't do the dishes to end my grounding; I did it to serve. Fury builds in me, like a tornado swirling around and around. I look at that man I call Dad, sitting there in his zealous righteousness. It's all I can do to keep from hating him.
I want to hit the couch. Maybe he thinks I cleaned the kitchen to get my way? Why does he judge me wrongly? I did it to serve him.
"You think you are right, all the time," I scream. "Well, you are not. You are a horrible father! Horrible. I have met a good father, and trust me. It isn't you."
Dad's face burns red. "How can I be a good father when I have an evil daughter like you? You are a slut who runs around with men, doing who knows what. I can't be a good father with who you are."
I might date a few times, but I have never done anything to justify the word he used. I can't stand him. I try to hold back, but I can't, and I sweep a row of books onto the floor. It felt invigorating. I grab more and throw them at Dad's head, one by one.
"You will never have a perfect daughter because you aren't worth being perfect for!" I grab the atlas of Christ's journey and chuck it at his head. Its massive size knocks Dad's head off, clean to the floor. I don't even feel bad.
"Well?" he asks, drawing me out of my day-dream. His head is still attached, and all the books are shelved.
"What?"
"Did you want something? You are standing there staring at me." He growls. What does he have to be angry about? I just washed and cleaned his kitchen, without being asked, might I add.
I hold my necklace tight. "I didn't do it to end my grounding. I did it to help you and Makuahine out." I say with a soft tone, working hard at keeping it steady and unemotional.
"Sure you did, Lao'." He condescendingly says.
I want to scream.
This isn't working. What is the point? It doesn't matter how much I change. Dad will always be a prick.
"Be patient," a voice within says. How can I be patient? My hands ball up into fists. Breathe, breathe, breathe. I bend over and kiss Dad on the cheek. It was something I did all the time before I got enthralled in my eating problems.
"I am going to finish my homework. Is there anything you need?"
"Can't think of a thing." He acts ice cold.
In my room, I throw myself on my bed. Am I really changing, because I feel like I am becoming angrier? I don't like how this is working out.
Be patient.
I am trying!!!!
On the last day of my grounding, Dad comes down to my room. He usually does this when I am in trouble.
"Can I take you out to dinner?"
Dad used to always take me out to eat. It was his one way to show he cared. We had some good bonding moments during those times, but I had cut them off. I hate going out to eat. The food is always high calorie, and I pay big for it. I want to say no. Can't we bond in another way? Why does it always have to be food? I realize if I wish for change, then I have to give Dad a chance, and I think this is the only thing he knows.
I smile, even though I'm depressed. I don't want high-calorie food. "Sure, let's go. I would enjoy some time with you."
Dad warmly smiles at me. I haven't seen that in a long time. He pulls me up from my bed and wraps his arm through mine.
"Then it's a date," he says.
"I thought I wasn't allowed to date."
"You are always allowed to date this man." He winks. How cute.
The day comes we all have waited for. School is out for summer! I can't wait. This means in a little over a month, I am moving to Hawaii. I can't believe I only get a month and a half of school break. There won't be year-round at the academy. I want to go now, but Dad says I have to wait. I need to be patient because at least I get to go.
Many of my friends at Tramp Haven have been out of school for the whole month of June. Candus gets out today as well because she also is on year-round. I think of Brad. He graduated, and he is done. He gets to do whatever he wants with life. He won't be forced to go to school anymore. I wish I didn't have one year left, but at least I get to spend it in Hawaii. My heart flutters to the thought.
I miss Candus and want to work things out. After I pick up my yearbook, I head to her house. Yearbook signing was stupid because most of my friends were on the other tracts, and I missed getting their signatures.
"Can we talk?" I ask Candus. I fidget at her door. It's been a while since our fight. I have practiced my beg for forgiveness speech for so long, but looking at her face, I have forgotten it. She doesn't seem happy to see me. What if she never wants to be friends again? Why was I selfish?
"I don't know. I am babysitting right now."
"I don't mind."
"Okay, but that doesn't change the fact I have to watch my stupid sisters."
"Can I come in?" She is not making this easy for me.
Candus looks over her shoulder. "I really am not allowed to have friends over when my parents are gone."
"Please, Candus. I really screwed up, and I want to fix things."
She stares at me, but it feels more like through me.
"Fine. You need to be quick. My parents can't find you here,” she says, stepping aside. I go into her home. It smells like someone took a dump in the house. She has the baby in her arms, bouncing it up and down. I think the baby needs its diaper changed.
Candus moves her body in front of mine, preventing me from going any further in her house.
"You need to be quick. My parents can't find you here."
I begin. "Friends should care and serve each other." Wait. That was supposed to come in the middle of the speech, not at the beginning. My hands sweat, and it isn't enjoyable. I shift my weight from leg to leg. I want to sit down. She stares at me, and I am nervous. I can't do this.
She looks like she has lost weight since the last time I saw her. That's not fair. I squeeze my necklace.
"What I mean is I want a friendship like... Wait. Let me start again. I am sorry. I was wrong to get mad at you. You didn't do anything wrong. You have every right to go out with whoever you want."
Asking for forgiveness was more challenging than I imagined.
"Shhhh," Candus says, peering over her shoulder. That's right. She isn't supposed to date either.
"I am sorry. I was a real jerk, and I want to make up."
Two girls come into the room. They are fighting and crying.
"Can you guys go somewhere else?" Candus asks them in annoyance.
"No, we are fine right here," one says.
"Yeah, we are," the other says. They quickly forget their fight and gang up against Candus.
"Knock, knock," the smaller one says. They tell their joke loudly and laugh louder. They are trying to annoy Candus, I can tell.
"If you guys don't go right now, I will break all your Barbie's heads off."
They both stop, shocked.
"Try me if you do not believe me."
"Ahh," the smaller one says as she grabs her sister's hand, and they run out.
Silence.
Candus says without looking at me. "You really hurt me."
What do I say? What do I say? "I know. It was wrong of me. Will you forgive me?"
Candus looks me in the eyes. Her face is blank. What is she thinking?
"Sure," she finally says, "but you need to leave now."
"Okay. Thanks for letting me talk."
I leave feeling unsatisfied. She said she forgave me, but it didn't feel like it. I speed away, unsure as to where our friendship stands. Did she forgive me and we are friends again, or did she only forgive me? UGH! Why are relationships so hard!


CHAPTER 19-Breaking Down Barriers


I am pretty sure time has never dragged as much as it has right now.
For the first time in my life, I want summer vacation to end. I want to be in school. When school starts, it will mean I will be in Hawaii, and all of my troubles will have ended. Life will be for me what it always should have been. Goodbye to the Smiths who oppress me. Goodbye, Dad forever!
On July 4th Candus called, and we made up. We spent the day together, and it was splendid.
I don't see Brad much. His dad is very sick. It turns out Brad missed his own high school graduation because his dad was in the hospital. I feel terrible for Brad. He said he didn't mind because it was his privilege to be with his dad. How will I ever be loving like Brad? I hope never to see my dad again.
Candus and I go to the amusement park often. Sometimes we ride the rides, but we mostly search for boys. This is the perfect cover for both of us. Our parents are so tight about guys. It's a good thing they never thought about all the guys here. We have traded lots of phone numbers.
"I just don't understand why you won't go swimming with me, not even once," Candus complains for the hundredth time.
"Trust me. No one needs to be blinded by my blubber in a swimsuit."
"Lao', you are too hard on yourself. You are beautiful, can't you see that?"
"I am not sure about that; however, this isn't about my beauty. It is about my fat, and I have lots of it."
"Stop."
My relationship with my parents slightly improves. Dad takes me out weekly, but it's the hardest thing for me. I love the time together, but I hate, hate, hate the food. Why must we only bond like this?
Makuahine seems to take her cues from Dad. If he is happy with me, so is she. If he is strict, so is she. I wonder who the real woman is behind her façade. Who was she before the Smiths destroyed her? Once in Hawaii, I will learn all about her from our relatives. I know her as Makuahine, but others knew her as Mele Keahi? Who was Mele Keahi?
"Time to go," Dad calls. I slug up the stairs, not wanting to go. I hate seeing a therapist. When I am there, he helps me, but I never want to go.
"Can't I take myself?" I ask.
"I want you to know we support you," he says as he ties the laces on his shoes. He stands up and stretches his arms to the ceiling.
I don't plan on seeing a therapist in Hawaii because I won't need one. All my problems will be gone. I smile at the thought.
"How're things going?" Dr. Nutley asks when we get there.
"Things are going stupendous. I have seen a great change in Lao'." Dad reports.
I almost swallow my gum. Is Dad talking positively about me? He never does that. I cough.
"She seems happier. The light in her eyes is returning. I don't know if it will fully come back, but it's there a little."
"What do you think has happened to bring this change?" Dr. Nutley asks.
"I think it's because I am taking her out again weekly. She seems to thrive on time with me."
Did he say that right in front of my face? He thinks I thrive from time with him.
How pompous!
Things are better because I make an effort to suppress everything I am. He gets no credit.
Suddenly, I don't want that relationship with him anymore. He can stuff it for all I care. Dad will never be a William Shantley.
"You can see the importance of time together," Dr. Nutley surmises.
"I can." Dad smiles as if he single handily turned our relationship around.
One of these days, I will go to Dr. Nutley's bookshelf and arrange his books. They drive me crazy. That man has no idea how to organize.
"Is there anything you want us to work on today?" Dr. Nutley cracks his knuckles. His fingers are crooked, and he spreads them out on his desk. Nutley is nice enough, but he always hides behind his desk, as if he is mightier than us.
"Not that I can think of." Again I am shocked. Dad usually has a laundry list a hundred pages long as what is wrong with me.
"Well, if you don't mind waiting out in the hall so Lao' and I can visit."
"Sure thing." Dad stands up and walks out of the room as if he just received a large Christmas bonus. He thinks he has changed me.
"How are things going?" Dr. Nutley asks me.
"Fine."
"You know what I think of fine." Dr. Nutley doesn't like the word fine. He thinks it's a cover-up word for some deeper problem.
Anger burns within me because of Dad, and I can't formulate my words. The credit for fixing the relationship should go to me, not arrogant-Dad. Dr. Nutley patiently waits. I try to put on a fake smile, but it doesn't work. I am a balloon that has been filling up on pressure, and I have had very little ventilation and release. As I try to be brave and healthy, all I see is Dad's smirk as he thinks he is a king. My overinflated balloon pops!
"Nothing is fine. It is horrible, and I can't do it anymore. I can't do it. I can't be perfect anymore; it's killing me. It's all killing me." I wail uncontrollably. I don't want Dr. Nutley to see the inner workings of my soul, but I bare it all.
"Who expects you to be perfect?"
"Everyone." I wipe my nose on the back of my hand. It's sticky, and I wish I would have grabbed a Kleenex.
"Who is everyone?"
"EVERYONE!" I scream.
"Do your parents expect you to be perfect?"
"Most especially them."
"That's a lot to expect of someone. Do you know anyone who is perfect? Because I don't."
"Yes. Not only do I know a perfect person, but he has a perfect family. He graduated with all A's. He has a full-ride scholarship. He loves everyone. I can't love people like him. I am trying, but it's not me. It doesn't matter how hard I try. I fail. I fail at everything. I can't do it anymore." I shake as I cry. The flood gates open, and Dr. Nutley gets drenched.
"Do you honestly believe your friend is perfect?"
I sit up straight and look the doctor in the eyes. "I know so."
"You might be surprised to take a glimpse into your friend's heart and find out things aren't as perfect as you think. We all have struggles. It is life. No one expects us to be perfect. All that is expected is we do our best, that we progress, and even then, that is an impossible thing to do at times. Do you think the world expects perfection of you, or do you think it's only you who expects perfection?"
"I know the world does."
"Why you? We don't expect perfection from anyone else. Why is it only you who must be perfect?"
His question has some logic to it, but it is still wrong. People expect me to be perfect. I can just tell.
I shrug.
"Girls can never measure up. We have to be pretty. We have to be skinny. We have to be just right. If we aren't, then we are worthless." I think of Virtue and how the world has treated her because she is fat and ugly. I thought about how I had treated her. I am a terrible person. I cry even harder. "I am such a hypocrite," I say, thinking of Virtue. I want people to love me for me, and yet I never gave her a chance. "I am worthless," I bawl. "I want to be like Brad."
"Who is Brad? Is he your perfect friend?"
"Yes. He loves everyone, and his family cares so much for each other. I have tried. I really have. I don't argue with my parents anymore. I do extra jobs around the home without being asked. I want our family to care for each other as Brad's does. I have swallowed my will just like Makuahine has, and for what? For Dad to come in here and take the credit. He hasn't done anything to change the relationship. I have. I am exhausted. I can't do it anymore. I can't bury myself to make him happy because it doesn't work. He isn't any happier when I try. He is the same amount of mean and cranky."
"Do you believe it's your job to change your dad?"
"I've always heard if you want to change a relationship, you have to change yourself first. I have been doing that, but it isn't working. You see how he took all the credit. He doesn't see any of the good things I do."
"You don't think your changing has helped? What about the dinners you guys go out on now? You don't think it's a result of you changing?"
"I hate the dinners!" I scream. I hope Dad didn't hear me in the lobby. Dr. Nutley looks startled. He sits forward from his chair, concentrating on me. He pops his knuckles again.
I hesitate for a moment. There is something I am dying to tell him and yet want to protect with my life. But I have protected the secret too long. I need to tell someone.
"I have an eating problem."
"What do you mean by eating problem?"
I look at my hands. I can't believe I told him that. I have never admitted it out loud.
My eyes feel swollen as I look up. Dr. Nutley has kind eyes. He sort of reminds me of William Shantley, just younger.
"I puke. I starve. I do it all. I can't help it. I am dying inside, and this is the only way I can control my weight. I come from a line of big women. Makuahine is big. Everyone is big. I wouldn't mind being big if I lived in Hawaii, but I don't. I live here, and every girl I know is skinny. I am a cow compared to them. I don't want to gain any more weight. I know what you think by looking at me, I don't look like I have an eating problem. Usually, girls who starve look like the models in the magazines. It's not fair. I should look like that. I probably eat fewer calories than they do, but I never get skinny. It only keeps me from getting fatter." I clasp my necklace.
"Do your parents know?"
"No. I can't have them know. They have had a few people in the past suggest to them I might have an eating disorder. It's hell when they think I do because Makuahine makes me eat triple portions when she thinks I am trying to starve. That doesn't help. It only makes me feel worse about myself.
"These dinners with Dad are killing me. I like the time with him, but not at the cost of gaining a pound every time we go out. Sometimes I gain two. Then, I am forced to take some drastic measures to get rid of the extra weight."
"What are some things you do to get rid of the weight?"
"Exercise. Lots and lots of exercise. I will starve and puke. I use enemas and laxatives." Why am I telling him all my secrets? He will tell my parents, and then I won't be able to do these things again.
"There is one other thing I do."
"What?"
I lift up my pant legs and slide up my sleeves. My arms and legs are a giant mess of scabs and scars. I have disfigured them with all my cutting. They are ugly, and I am ashamed.
"Lao'!" There is an utter shock on the doctor's face. "I hurt for you. How much internal pain must you be in to do that to yourself?"
We spend the next hour and a half talking, going past my appointment time. Dr. Nutley listens to every dark secret in my heart, sharing lots of his ideas and advice. Then he knocks me with something I did not expect.
"We need to bring your dad in here and tell him what is going on."
I almost jump through the ceiling. There is no way I am telling Dad. I only told Dr. Nutley because I knew it would be confidential.
"I am not telling my parents. No way! I can't. They will force me to eat 5,000 calories a day, and I am not making this up. Makuahine thinks healthy women are large."
"I am worried about your safety."
"So. I trusted you. We aren't telling them."
"This is a safety issue."
"So. You promised you would keep the things I told you a secret."
"I did, and I keep that promise. But, I also said anything you tell me that puts your life in danger or at risk, I must divulge."
My hands shake and that thought of him telling my Dad about my eating problem. He can't!
Dr. Nutley and I go the rounds until I finally agree to tell Dad. When Dad comes in, he looks annoyed. He wonders why the session is still going when it should have ended over half an hour ago.
Through tears and sobs, I tell Dad about my eating problem. I use some of the words Dr. Nutley has prompted me to use.
"Did she tell you about her time in the emergency room because of her eating disorder?" Dad says.
"Yes. So you are aware she has an eating disorder?"
"Yeah. Even the dentist warned us."
"Then why haven't you and your wife done anything about it? Why haven't you told me?"
"Malulani doesn't believe Lao' has an eating disorder. The idea is challenging for her. I have tried to hide this from her the best I can."
Dr. Nutley's voice raises. He seems angry. I have never seen him angry. "Why would you do that? Lao' needs your support. If you pretend she doesn't have a problem, you only make it worse. If we could have started treating her months ago, we might have been able to stop this before it has become what it is."
Yes! Turn the blame on Dad. I love it!
"Lao' needs some help."
"That's why I bring her to you." Dad condescends.
"No. She needs more than I can offer her. She needs directed help. There are groups she can join. But, even before the groups, I would strongly recommend inpatient treatment. From what she says, her disorder is extreme."
"Is it expensive?"
"It can get costly, but Lao's life might depend upon it."
"Might or does?" Dad asks.
"Might. I can't put it as an absolute because I don't know. But she needs help. Have you seen her arms and legs?"
Why does Dr. Nutley mention my cutting?
"Show me," Dad commands.
Reluctantly, I lift my sleeves. Dad's face turns dark red. "Why would you do that to yourself?" He snarls.
I look away. I can't take the disappointment. His eyes fill with tears. When was the last time I saw Dad cry? He drops on the floor next to my chair and exams my legs.
"My baby. Have I done this to you? Have I done something in your life to bring you so much pain? I can't take it. If I am the reason, I will spend the rest of my life making it up to you." Dad gathers me in his arms, and we cry together.
Dr. Nutley gives Dad a stack of brochures about group therapy and inpatient treatment facilitates. He is not cuddling me as I imagined. Instead, he sits in his chair glaring at me, as if I did this only to spite him.
"Would you like to schedule your next appointment?" The receptionist asks as we leave Dr. Nutley's office.
"No. We won't be coming back," he says as he huffs out the door.
The car ride is quiet all the way home. When we pull into the garage, Dad turns to me.
"I don't know how to handle this with your mother. You are going to send her to her grave. Let me talk with her."
My stomach burns with acid. I never wanted anyone to hurt because of me. Will I really kill Makuahine?
"Are you going to send me away?" I fearfully ask. I don't want to go to a facility. Inpatient treatment sounds dreadful. I will stop. I don't need to puke anymore.
"No. There is no need for that. I will have you join group therapy. It is cheaper."
I relax.
"Do you remember what we talked about?" I ask.
"Be specific?"
"Please tell Makuahine not to force me to eat triple portions. It only makes the problem worse." It was something Dr. Nutley had made Dad agree to.
"Leave this to me." 


CHAPTER 20-Groups


I don't know what Dad told Makuahine. Later, when we meet for dinner, we don't talk about my eating disorder. Shockingly, Makuahine never mentions it to me. Did Dad even tell her? Thankfully, I am not forced to eat thousands of calories. Does she even know?
Dad takes me to the doctor, where they run tests on me and discover I have a thyroid problem.
"That is why you keep gaining weight even though you are doing such drastic measures to lose it. For all you tell me, you should weigh 80lbs. You are severely malnourished. Let's get your thyroid to work for you, then I promise you, you can increase your calorie count and still lose weight."
Was he telling the truth? Was my thyroid going to be a miracle? Do I get to stop trying so hard! A cloud carries all my trepidation away. I have hope! I knew something was wrong with me. The doctor's news is the best thing I have ever heard.
Two nights later, Dad tells Makuahine we were going out to dinner. Didn't Dad listen to a thing we talked about at therapy? We had agreed to do something different for bonding time. No more out to eat dates.
How surprising when we go to the basement of a community center. Without saying anything, Dad goes inside, and I follow behind.
The small room has too short of ceilings. One can't miss the musty smell, almost like mold. There is a circle of twenty-two chairs filled with girls and parents. They could have at least made the chairs match. How does this random decorating not distract everyone else? Most of the girls are extremely thin. I am by far the biggest one there. I look like I have an eating disorder, the kind where I stuff my face nonstop. Being here only makes me want to puke even more.
I quickly learn it is an eating disorder support group. They go around and take turns sharing their story. Why didn't Dad warn me he was bringing me here? I am not prepared. This scares me. I don't want all these strangers to know what I do.
"Hi. I am Lao' Smith. I have an eating disorder," I say when it's my turn. I keep my eyes on my lap because I don't want to see anyone. I don't want to be here.
"When did this start?" The leader asks.
I don't lookup. I don't want to be here. Dad never warned me I would have to do this. I refuse to talk. When it's apparent, I will not talk, Dad pipes in with his sloppy version of my story. I want to slink under my chair.
After all the girls in the room share their stories, we play a few games. The therapist uses music, movies, and dance to help us learn. I actually have fun doing it. The girls meet each week and share their stories. Next week, I will practice mine, and I will tell the real version, not Dad's.
I relax in the car as Dad drives us home. I feel like three tons of bricks have been removed. I guess it's nice having Dad know, and I don't have to hide it from him anymore. I am glad I am getting help.
"We are never going back!" He declares.
"What! Why? I liked it there." What is wrong with him?
"Really? You hardly even spoke." He says as he keeps his eyes on the road. Now dark, the lights from passing cars blind us.
"So. I got a lot out of it. I think it will help me," I timidly say. I run my hand along the leather seats. They were so hot in the afternoon they burned the back of my legs. Now, they had cooled.
The support group was good for me. The biggest thing I got out of it was I am normal. I have often felt like the biggest monster, the worst failure for having an eating disorder. Now, I see girls just like me, with similar but different stories. I don't feel so alone.
"The devil was there," Dad grumbles.
What is he talking about?
"The music they played. The dances they did. The things they talked about. I want you to get help, but not like that."
That place was good for me. How can he not see that?
It's Brad's day off, but he comes to work. He is excited.
"Do you know who Raven Star is?" He asks me.
"No. Is he a member of your band?"
Brad laughs. "I wish. No. He is this amazing motivational speaker who wrote the book A Fire Within. He is one ugly guy, but he knows love. Here, let me show you a picture." Brad pulls a picture up on his phone.
I jump backward, not expecting such a distorted, unsymmetrical face. They have options like plastic surgery. Why would anyone stay so ugly?
"He is my hero." How could Brad say that with a straight face?
"Anyway. Mom was able to schedule him at the arena. Tickets are free."
"Why would I want to go see a freak? Is it like a circus?"
Brad grabs his chest. "Your shallowness hurts."
His comment hurts.
"Raven is a beautiful man. Not all beauty is inward. He has God's love and shares it. That's what makes him beautiful. Wouldn't it be sad if we were all expected to look alike? Be the same personality. The same size?"
His words strike a nerve. How hard did I try to fit in, to be like everyone else? How much I wished everyone was loved despite their size. I am the evil person I despise.
"Raven is a messenger of love. I think it would do you lots of good to go."
"Why do you think it would do me lots of good?" He is right, even though it offends me the way he says it.
"Because, Raven really has a way to put things into perspective. Everything he says is perfect. I can't wait to go and get edified."
"Sure. I'll go," I say. "When is it?" I'll go to be with Brad.
"August 17."
I look at my calendar. "Oh, shot. I can't go. I work that day."
Brad's face drops. "Oh, that's too bad. I really wanted you to go."
"Oh well. Buy me an autographed copy of the book, then I might read it." I say. Since I know nothing of this Raven person, I am not too bummed, but I would have liked a date with Brad.
"Come on, people!" Ted barks as he comes into the area. "Mr. Shantley, you know you can't come in bothering my employees when you aren't on the clock."
Brad smiles at him, always good with opposition. Brad's my example.
"Sir. I came to invite you to a special program. Have you heard of Raven Star?" Brad talks to Ted as if they were best friends. He still has Raven pulled up on his phone and shows Ted.
"You know you aren't supposed to have your phone at work," Ted says, totally missing the picture.
"But, I'm not on the clock," Brad smiles.
"And you most certainly aren't allowed here on your day off."
"But, I came to invite you to listen to Raven Star. He is a motivational speaker, and I know it will do you and Maggie good."
Ted looks at the picture on the phone. "I've heard of him. When is he coming?"
"August 17th."
"I can't go in the middle of the week. I have a business to run."
"Have Tesla manage it," Brad says.
Ted pulls out his phone and looks at it.
"Nope, can't do. Tesla already traded the day off with Candus. I will be needed here."
"Candus works that day. Dang. I really wanted her to come."
"Thanks for the invite. Now you need to leave," Ted barks. What a grouch.
Brad didn't miss a step to be nice. He smiles and skips out of the building. That's what I like about Brad. It doesn't matter how rude someone might be to him. He always returns it with love.
Dad found a new eating disorder group for me to join. This one is made up only of members of the church. The church does not officially sponsor it, but its members are its core.
We meet at a member's house. The room is tight, but there are only five of us girls and parents. I groan inside when I see who runs it. Horace Shirtlift. He is more conservative than Dad. This is not going to be fun.
Horace recites scripture after scripture to us. I think his purpose is to prove how evil and vain we have become. He calls us to repentance and yells at us. He doesn't invite us to tell our stories. No one is here to support us, just condemn us. I believe all of us girls leave in tears.
"Now that was a successful group," Dad says, driving home. He is satisfied with his findings. It is the worse situation I have ever been to. There is no way I ever want to return again.
"Dad. The other group was better," I finally dare to say. "They seemed genuine about finding us help, and I loved the support from the other girls."
"No, no, no," Dad says, shaking his head adamantly. "That group was worldly and of the devil. It will lead you astray during this vulnerable time. Horace's group was founded and guided by scriptural precepts. You must include God if you wish to change."
I do include God in my life daily. Dad is wrong. He is way wrong. Horace's method makes me want to go home and puke, but I can say nothing. I wish I had another appointment with Dr. Nutley. Maybe he could convince Dad for me I need to go to the first group.
It bothers me how Dad fired Dr. Nutley. I don't know why he did. It might have been because Dad scolded him for not helping me with the eating disorder, or it may have been because Dad didn't want to pay to send me to intake treatment, and Dr. Nutley was insistent about it.
I don't think Dad told Makuahine about the eating disorder. She seems as clueless as ever. I don't know if Dad is protecting her from me or protecting me from her 5,000 daily calories.
The thyroid medicine is a blessing. I have already lost fifteen pounds on it. I still purge and starve, but I am losing instead of maintaining. I love it!


CHAPTER 21-Too Many Choices


At work, word spreads about the party of the century. Tesla is hosting it.
"The location is better than you will ever get again. It's at my grandma's mansion. She has multiple pools, hot tubs, an entryway alone that can hold two hundred people. There will be so much alcohol that even the mansion will get drunk. DJ Lavage will be mixing the music. Plus, there will be smoke machines and drugs."
Tesla isn't the least worried about calling attention to his illegal activities. If he doesn't quiet down a bit, he will have the police to his party as well. I can't believe he talks openly about all the illegal things he plans on having.
The party sounds exciting, but I am torn because it also sounds dangerous and evil. Dad would kill me if I went. Curiously, I want to go long enough to see what it is like. I don't plan on doing anything illegal. I want to watch people make fools of their selves.
I tuck my necklace into my shirt.
"Oh, yeah, and plenty of places to have sex," he says, winking at me. Blah! I can't go to a place like that. I might fight a little against the church and Dad's ultra-conservativeness, but I do have morals, and Tesla's party would break all of them.
"When is it?" Rueben asks.
August 17th.The same day as Brad's hero, Raven Star. I would much rather go with Brad, but Virtue is probably his date. She is always his date.
"Does that mean you are inviting me?" Rueben asks with glee on his stupid face. He has been trying hard to be included in our activities, but he doesn't realize he is so old. We don't want him around.
"Everyone is invited!" Tesla says. He looks around, then whispers, "Well, not the Rumblehoffs. Please keep this on the low down from them."
Tesla grabs my hand and kisses it. My skin burns. "Can I count on you to be there?"
"Sorry, I work." I am glad to have an excuse.
The tramp park is busy and crowded. We should be at our stations and not mingling around the concession stand. Rueben leans on his elbows with a stupid look plastered to his face. He believes he is one of us.
"That's okay. You can come when you get off. I would love to see you." He squeezes my hand, and my heart races. Why does he have such control over my emotions? As much as I don't want him to affect me, he does.
"Yeah, I am sure your plans are innocent." I want to say.
"I don't know." I hate telling him no. "I am not sure it sounds like the party for me." I look away, too weak to confront him in the eyes.
"Sure it is. If you don't want to drink, I respect that. Drinking isn't for everyone. But, there will be dancing, and I know how you like to dance. Plus, you can bring your bathing suit and swim, or better yet, sit in a hot tub with me." He wraps his arm around my shoulder, and my body explodes.
Tesla pushes too much. I feel excited and uncomfortable at the same time. I don't want to disappoint him. I give a non-committal answer. "We'll see."
The smell!
Tuesday afternoon, a sewer line breaks at the tramp park, and sewer gases fill the building. The smell is horrific, and against Ted's protests, the tramp park closes. All work shifts are canceled. I won't tell my parents about it. This is free time for me.
I want to hang out with a boy, but I can't reach Brad, and Tesla scares me. I wish I had the phone number to Kekoa. He is hot, and I bet he isn't as dangerous as Tesla. Next time I go to the Polynesian club, I will have to get his number.
I could hang out with Candus, but I am not in the mood to listen to her talk about herself. She always focuses on herself. It bugs me because it's always about her. She never asks about me. With no other options, I go to the gym and work out for five hours. It feels good. With my new medicine and such an intense workout, I hope to lose more pounds.
Wednesday, August 17, I stop by work. There is a sign on the door apologizing to its patrons, stating the park will be closed due to plumbing issues. I can smell the gas on the outside, so it must be horrific inside. I have another day off. 
"That idiot could have called us and saved us a trip out here." She hits the door with her hand. "Ouch." She grabs it and cradles her hand. She looks sad, but then her expression changes entirely. She turns to me with the biggest smile on her face and says. "You know what this means? We can go to Tesla's party!"
She's right! We can.
I want to go, but I don't. I am not sure I have enough will power to resist the temptations that are there. Tesla will want to get me drunk and do things I am not willing to do. I feel a lump form in my chest. I know going is the wrong thing. I hate peer pressure. How do I tell Candus no?
"Let's go, let's go," she kissing her hurt hand, then with the other hand, she pulls me away from the door.
"I am not sure," I stammer.
"We have to go. Anyone who is anyone will be there. I personally want to see his grandma's mansion. I really want to go."
I have to get out of this, but I don't think I can. The only way Candus can go is if I drive. She's not going to let me say no.
"What if the police come?" I ask.
"You worry too much, come on, let's go. Our parents think we are at work. We have the perfect cover. Things couldn't have fallen so perfectly in place."
She drags me halfway to my car when I stop. "Wait, what about Brad and his lecture with Raven, whatever his last name is?"
"It's Raven Star. You are right. That is today as well." Her mood changes to more solemn.
I think I have done it. I have given her a reason not to go to the party.
"Oh man, this is a hard decision. I really do want to see Raven Star. He is an amazing motivational speaker, and I could really use a lift right now, but on the other hand, the party of the century, maybe even the party of a lifetime." Candus scratches her head. "I don't know what to do?"
"Why don't we do the right thing and go listen to Raven. There will only be trouble at the party."
"Yeah, maybe you are right," Candus says.
I expected to feel relief and feel good about the decision, but I feel sad instead. A part of me that wants to flirt with danger, that wants to see how far I can go with Tesla without giving in. There is a sinful part of me wanting to fulfill my carnal side.
Candus' face drops, "But the party. We will never have things fall so perfectly into place again."
She is right. She is so right.


*The Pathway of Darkness* Chapter-1


As much as I want to hear Raven, I crave the thrill of the forbidden. As much as I want to hang out with Brad, Virtue will undoubtedly be connected to his side. Yes, my feelings for her are softening, but I still hate having her around all the time. I want Brad's whole, undivided attention.
I look at my watch. "Raven speaks in two hours. Why don't we stop by Tesla's party for two hours, then go to listen to Raven? That way, we can do both, and besides, the party probably won't even be started yet. Usually, those things start late at night, so we don't have to worry about the drugs and stuff."
Candus' face brightens. "I love it! Brilliant plan. And besides, if our parents find out about the tramp park closing, we will tell them we went and listened to Raven Star. They can't get mad at us for that. And it will be the truth."
We had done it. We had compromised our standards and found a way to feel good about it. Well, I don't feel good. I actually feel sick. I know we are doing the wrong thing, but with the idea of only staying for two hours, then cleansing our souls with Raven, I can bury my bad feelings and silence my conscience.
We drive into a neighborhood equal to Hollywood. I hadn't realized there was a place like this in my town. The homes are impressive and massive, beyond huge. I can't believe people live in them; Single families. It's unfair how people can be so rich while others live in poverty.
"Is it just me, or do the houses just get bigger the farther up the hill we drive?" Candus asks.
"No, it's true, they are. Each new home I see, I think this is the biggest of them all, then we round the curve, and there is an even bigger one."
Both our mouths are open as we drool over ourselves. All my worries wash away by my enamored state, and for the experience we are about to have. I forget about the drugs and alcohol and think about how exciting going inside one of these mansions will be.
At the end of the street reigns the grand mal of mansions. I have never seen something as glorious before. A sizeable cast-iron gate surrounds the property, but the entrance is left open, welcoming all of Tesla's guests. I slowly drive in, embarrassed by my little red car. I have always loved it up to this point, but now it seems old and ran- down. I should be arriving in a Porsche.
"If his grandma is this rich, why does he work, and at such a stupid job as ours?" Candus asks.
"Good question. Why does he work?"
"Maybe his grandma wants to teach him responsibility. He probably gets to live here for free."
"I would not be surprised if his grandma kicks him out after today," I say. My nervousness returns. I shouldn't be here. I need to leave. Nothing good is going to come of this party.
I pull up to what must be the front of the mansion. To the left is a ten car garage. I circle around the front and head back down the driveway to a parking area with cars already in it. I bet they don't belong to his grandma because they are more average and ran down like mine.
"Let me get this straight," Candus says. "Just Tesla and his grandma live in this huge mansion? Why do two people need so much home?"
"I don't know. You tell me."
I park my car, and we climb out, grabbing my bag. In it is my short black skirt and halter top I've kept hidden in my trunk. I know I should get rid of them, but I can't. They make me feel feminine and pretty. Thankfully, I have something to change into; I would hate to go to a party in my work clothes.
"What's in there?" Candus asks, her voice elevating.
"A change of clothes."
"No, no, no. You can't get all cute and leave me in my work outfit alone. I don't want to go to this party wearing stupid stretchy pants and Tramp Haven T-shirt. If I am going to look like a dork, we have to look like dorks together."
"No way. I am changing. Sorry, you are on your own. If you want, I will run you to the store, and you can buy an outfit."
"I don't have any money on me. Can you lend me some money?"
"Sorry. I am broke for the moment."
"Oh," Candus moans. "I don't want to go in there looking like this."
I wish we could run home where she could change. I feel bad for her, but we can't go home. We can't let our parents know we are not at work. Candus clings to me, and maliciously, I am secretly pleased. She is gorgeous. Maybe I'll have half a chance if I am dressed better than her.
We walk into the mansion through the massive front doors. Despite my stupid work outfit, I feel important being here. Music quietly plays in the background. The entrance is way bigger than my entire home. The floor is made out of marble with matching pillars, and several staircases are jetting here and there. Where do they go? The smell of food and herbs catch my attention and cling to my throat. I am hungry. I only ate a can of tuna for the day.
A few people stand around and converse. It doesn't look much like a party, but it's still pretty early. We don't recognize anyone there. They give us a once over and return to their conversations, so Candus clings tighter to me. Usually, I'm the shy one.
"I wonder where Tesla is," I say. "What if this isn't even the right house, and we are just walking around some rich dudes home, uninvited?"
"This is the address he gave us."
"I am going to go change," I say.
"Oh, you are going to abandon me. Leave me to stand out like a sore thumb. Can I at least borrow your shirt?"
"I don't want to wear my stupid work shirt with a skirt."
"Plllllleeeeaaaasssseeee!" Candus begs.
"Fine, whatever. Help me find a bathroom."
We wander around for what feels like two years until we find a bathroom. It's equivalent to something in a ritzy hotel. Despite the room's enormity, there is only one toilet in it, decorated in marble, silver, and gold. The price of the bathroom is probably worth more than my home.
I hate to change in front of Candus, but I have done it before. No one should have to see my whale of a body. I slip my skirt on, and she slips my shirt on. My halter top slides off her thin frame. There's no chance she can wear it. I am too fat, and she is too thin. I should be happy because now I can wear my cute shirt, but I feel horrible. Why am I so fat? I wish Candus would leave so I can puke, but she slips her work shirt back on and waits for me.
"Great, I am at the richest person's house in the county, and I am wearing a stupid T-shirt. This sucks." She glumly looks at herself in the mirror. Yes, her outfit is stupid, but she still looks fantastic. She always looks impressive.
I get my makeup out, and we primp our looks. I wish I hadn't shared with Candus because she looks like a model despite her work outfit, and I look like a fat cow stuffed in a halter top and skirt.
We spend about an hour fixing our hair and makeup when Candus says, "Let's go find Tesla."
Somehow we find our way back to the entrance, but we can't locate Tesla. More people are here, but still, no one we know. The ladies dressed to the T. Candus holds her arm as we walk around. I have never seen her unsure of herself. It's a refreshing change. The swimming pools taunt us, but I wouldn't swim in them even if I had my suit. I am too fat. No one wants to see that. My favorite pool is the one in the back of the property, landscaped to look like a jungle. If I weren't self-conscious, I would swim in that one. I can't believe all the people who thought ahead to bring swimsuits and are swimming. What about their hair?
We eventually make our way back to the entranceway. It's already been two hours. This is the time we need to leave to make it to hear Raven.
"We better get going, so we aren't late," I say, bummed that we haven't found Tesla, but it is probably for the better. We got to experience two hours in a millionaire's home.
"Oh," Candus whines. "We haven't even found Tesla yet. Let's stay for at least ten more minutes, please."
I look at my watch. If we leave in ten minutes, we will cut it close, but I agree with her. I am not ready to go either. Tesla doesn't even know we showed up. I would like to see him, plus, I want him to see my new halter top. I want to watch his eyes ogle me. Besides, there is much exciting energy here. I had hoped to dance a little as well. I wonder when the DJ will be here. The excitement is real, and I want more of it, despite my conscious telling me it is time to leave. The division within kills me.
"Okay, ten more minutes, but then we must leave, or we might not get a seat."
"Yay!" Candus looks around. "Let's ask someone where Tesla is."
My muscles tighten to the thought. Everyone here is older than us. They are all adults, and we are still kids. I don't want to look stupid and ask them where Tesla is. I would rather not draw attention to ourselves. "I don't think we should."
"Nonsense." Candus walks up to a group of ladies. Why them? At least ask the dude standing alone.
"Does anyone know where Tesla is?" she asks in all confidence. I wish I could be as brave as her. The ladies look at her as if she were one of their own.
"I think he is in the billiard room," a blond says and smiles. The smile looks genuine.
Billiard room? We hadn't run into that yet.
"Can you tell me where that is?" Candus asks. She is a natural at getting people to like her. I guess when you look perfect, everyone likes you. I wouldn't know.
"Up those stairs, down the hall, the first right, first left, second right."
"Thanks," Candus says.
After a few wrong turns, we find the billiard room. Fifteen minutes have already passed. Now we are going to be late.
Laughter greets us before we go in. The party sounds like it's in this room. Tesla leans over a pool table, the only man in here. The room is filled with women who look like Victoria Secret models. I am fat, young, and out of place. I want to run out without stopping. Candus, on the other hand, without hesitation, goes right up to Tesla.
"Hey, we made it."
Tesla puts his pool stick down and smiles hugely at us. "You came! I am so glad." He gives Candus a peck on the cheek, then he reaches around me and gives me a huge embrace. I feel stupid. What are the models thinking?
"My next game is with you," he says smoothly as his eyes lock onto mine. My heart stutters out of control. I don't think there is a rhythm left to it. I am in cardiac arrest.
"I would love to, but we gotta go," I say.
Candus elbows me in the right side, and it hurts.
"Gotta go? You just got here." He lets his eyes explore my outfit, and he licks his lips. I can't breathe. I don't ever want to leave.
"We've actually been here for two hours."
"Two hours! Why didn't you find me sooner?"
"We've been searching," Candus says flirtatiously, "but your place is so big."
"Isn't it great," he says and winks at her.
My breath returns. I shouldn't be here. I can feel it. The spirit is warning me. I grab Candus' arm. "Candus, we gotta go. We are already late."
"What can be more important than my party?" he asks as he gets his face right into mine. He wears an intoxicating perfume. I want to grab and kiss him, yet I want to run and hide.
"We are going to hear Brad's thing, with that guy, whatever his name is." I can't remember his name. My mind has fogged over.
"Oh, don't leave me for another guy," he says. How can he say that? Babes surround him.
Tesla turns to the models in the room. "I hate to bail in the middle of a game, but we will have to resume later."
"Oh," the girls pout. I hope they don't want to beat me up. "Hurry back, Tesla."
They are gorgeous, every one of them. Why is he leaving them to be with me? I am baffled. "You don't have to end your game," I say, embarrassed. "We really do have to go."
"Just give me ten minutes," he says as he puts his arm around me and leads me out into the hall. I look at my watch. Twenty minutes have already passed since I agreed to give Candus ten minutes. Anxiety rises in me. We are going to be late.
With his arm still around me, we walk down the hall, and he turns to Candus. "Are you hungry?"
"Very," she says with a smile. She flirts with him. I get a little mad at this, but let it go. He left the models for me, and it's me he has his arm around. I smile.
We go into a large room with banquet tables. They overflow with food. "Get some food," he instructs Candus. She holds a plate and fills it. I reach for a dish, but he grabs my hand in his. He makes me warm.
"Let me get you your food. I know the best stuff on here."
Candus looks at him and scowls at me. She isn't used to being overshadowed by me. It's nice to be the preferred one for once, but I can't imagine why. I am ugly and fat. Tesla could have any girl here. Why is he focused on me?
We sit down and eat. Tesla has it in his mind we will share a plate, which is all fine by me, for now, I won't have to eat everything on it. I am glad I exercised for five hours yesterday. The food is very rich and full of calories. I will have to purge what I can before we leave.
"I was worried you weren't going to make it." He said, then stuffed a meatball into his mouth. Even the way he chews is sexy.
"The tramp park filled with sewer gas, so it was closed today."
Tesla wrinkles his nose. "Ew, that is gross. Well, it must be divine intervention."
My heart drops. God didn't fill the tramp park with sewer gas so I could come to an evil party. I don't like when blasphemy is used. I feel sick, and I shouldn't be here. I want to leave. As soon as my plate is empty, I will go.
"Hey, look, it's Mark over there," Candus says, pointing to a teen boy at the shrimp table. More people show up, and thankfully some of them are young like us.
"Who's Mark?' I ask. He is kind of cute, but nothing outstanding.
"A boy from school," she says as she wipes her face on a napkin.
A couple stands next to my chair and kiss. Such open affection disgusts me. What would their parents think? Tesla intensely stares at me. What would my parents think?
"You should go talk to him," Tesla says to Candus.
"Maybe after I am done eating." Her plate still has lots of food on it. We are going to be very late by the time she finishes it.
"Take your plate with you. I bet Mark would love your company."
It is obvious Tesla wants Candus to leave us. Candus eyes drop, looking hurt. I feel bad. I want Candus to stay.
"Oh, I understand," she says, standing. "I am the third wheel."
"No, you're not," I say as she stomps away. I stand up to go after her, but Tesla grabs my arm and guides me back to my chair.
"Let her go. Stay with me." He smiles sexily. I can't resist, and I am putty in his hands.
"Do you know why I threw this party?" he asks.
"To have a good time."
"Yes, but more importantly, for you."
"For me?" He stuns and confuses me.
"Are you familiar with the Great Gatsby?"
"Yes."
"I am Jay Gatsby, and you are Daisy. I threw this party for you."
I can't believe him. There is no way. I am not worth that.
"You are a player. You didn't do anything for me." I don't look at him.
"Yes, I am a player, a player who has his eyes set on you. You are like a fine wine, and I am intoxicated by you. I can catch your attention, but I can't seem to catch your heart." He pouts. Man, he is hot when he pouts.
Little does he know, his words do something to me. They thrill me, and he catches my heart. He doesn't understand, I want him in the worst way, but I know what he is. He is trouble. He is a player. All he wants to do is use me, then move on. I can't give him what he wants. I won't give him what he wants.
"Tesla," a guy and girl walk over. Tesla stands and hugs them both.
"I am glad you came," he says with a huge smile.
"Wouldn't miss it for anything."
"Thelton, this is Lao'."
"Hi Lao'," Thelton says, shaking my hand. "This is Alashia."
"Lao' is the girl I threw this party for," Tesla says without hesitation.
"Oh," Thelton said with an upturned smirk. "Then I best leave you two alone."
I didn't like what just happened. Had Tesla told Thelton his plans? What were his plans? I think I know but don't want to know.
"Before you go, will you grab some jungle juice for Lao' and me?" Tesla asks Thelton.
"Anything for you, Tesla."
"I better go," I say as Thelton walked away.
Tesla pouts, cute and dynamic. I have to look away. "Don't go. I am sure someone will record Raven's talk, and you can watch it later. Right now is our moment. Let's share it together."
I want to cry. I shouldn't be here, and Tesla scares me. He wants more from me than I am willing to give him. I need to go. Just as I stand, Thelton returns with two glasses of red punch. He hands me mine.
"To us," Tesla says and holds his cup up. I tap mine into him, and we take a drink.
This punch is unlike any I have ever had. It has a strong flavor and burns my throat.
"Is this alcohol?" I ask.
"No," he says and looks away.
"Tesla, tell the truth."
"Okay, maybe there is a little in it."
"I don't drink alcohol," I say and slam the cup down. He tricked me, and I am mad.
"Why not. What's it going to hurt?"
"For starters, I have to drive home. I am not going to do it drunk."
"You are not going to get drunk off one drink," he says.
"I don't drink."
Tesla wraps his hands on the backside of my hand, and he guides it to my cup. He pushes my hand in until I pick up the cup.
"Relax and enjoy your party."
I don't know why, but I bring the cup to my lips and drink. My chest warms, and my cheeks flush. The drink is slushy and cold. I think the alcohol ruins the flavor, causing bitterness to it. Tesla smiles big, and my chest gets even warmer. He is pleased with me, and I like the way it feels. I chug the rest of my drink before my conscience tells me to stop.
"That's my girl." He says. I feel bad. I shouldn't have drunk. This is wrong. I know it's wrong. I look down at my lap, where his hand rests. It shouldn't be there. I shouldn't have this skirt on. I think about Dad. He would pull out his shotgun and shoot Tesla if he saw us now. He would drag me by my hair and throw me in a dungeon to rot the rest of my life. I am a sinner.
I want to cry. I want to cut. I want to puke. I need to leave, and I need to go now. I stand up, but my head does something funny. It was too fast, and it spins. I stumble into Tesla's lap. I know I shouldn't be here. He instantly wraps his arms around me.
Thelton reappears. As if he was a well-trained butler, he has two new cups of jungle juice for us.
"First base already," he says as he puts down the drinks and winks. This can't look good. I jump up, but again, too fast, and Thelton catches me and guides me to my chair.
Things feel a little foggy, a little different.
After Thelton walks away, I push the drink to the side. "I better go," I say. I look around for Candus. I can't see her. Tesla gives me puppy dog eyes.
"Please, Lao'. I am honest. I did throw this party for you. Please stay. Please. It would mean a lot to me."
My fingers prickle. I can't tell if it is from him or the drink.
"Hey Tesla," a big group surrounds our table. This is my chance. As he says hi, I will slip away. I try to stand, but there is a huge man behind my chair, and I am trapped in. They chat with great excitement.
"To Tesla," a woman says and holds up her drink.
"To Tesla!" All the cups meet together as I stare at mine. I can't drink anymore. I shouldn't have consumed any in the first place.
"Join us," the big guy behind me nudges my back. Reluctantly, I pick up my cup and join in the cheers. I take a drink. The heat warms my insides again. And I don't know why, but I finish my cup. The group stays and chats, and my head does all sorts of crazy things. It's spinning and slowing. My head feels heavy, and my neck struggles to hold it up. Things feel off. I think I might be a little drunk. Finally, the group leaves.
I feel good. Real good. I notice my anxiety has melted away as I relax. I am happy. I can't remember when I have been this happy before.
Tesla pulls me up. I am a little tipsy, but he wraps his arm around my waist and supports me. I notice the loud music playing in the distance. The DJ must have shown up. Tesla guides me to the main entrance, where everyone dances.
"Dance with me," he says. "You owe me from our failed date."
I know I shouldn't, but I no longer seem to care. Tesla moves his body way too close to mine, and I lean in closer than I should.
We dance three dances, but they are constantly interrupted by his guests and friends coming to say hi. He eventually grabs my hand and drags me outside.
The cool air refreshes me because t was too hot in the house. We walk hand in hand to a corner of the garden. The mansion now crawls with people, and this is one of the few places no one is at.
"Thanks for coming tonight," he says. "I might get in a lot of trouble if my grandma finds out, but having you here makes it worth it."
"Why do you work?" I slur.
"What do you mean?"
"You seem too rich to have such a dumb job."
"My grandma says I can't be a free-loader. Her rule is I must work. I like the tramp park because I don't have to work full time. It's a fun place to meet girls...I mean people."
Tesla turns his body into mine. My heart speeds up. Even though there is a breeze on us, I am on fire. He moves the hair out of my eyes and gives me a long, passionate kiss. All inhibition seems gone from me. I should stop him, but I don't even try.
"I have something I want to show you," he says as he pulls me up. Once inside, the booming music vibrates through my chest. I stumble a couple of times, but Tesla keeps me on my feet. As we walk through the room, I think I see Virtue. What is she doing here? I thought she would be with Brad listening to Raven.
"I have this cool thing I want to show you," he says as he pulls me up the stairs. Naively, I follow behind. As I go up, I look over my shoulder and see Brad.
What is Brad doing here?!
Surely he would be listening to Raven. I wonder if it was canceled. Brad notices me, and I can see the disappointment in his eyes for me. It hurts, and I have to look away.
We hit the top of the stairs, and Tesla turns to me. "Are you ready?" he says as he opens a door.


*The Pathway of Darkness* Chapter-2


I hold myself tight in the tub as the warm water hugs me. My head still spins, and the heat of the bath intensifies it. I am glad my parents are at the movies. Otherwise, they would know I am drunk. I am not entirely sure how I got home. The drive has erased from my memory.
I need this bath. I am a sinner, and I want to get cleansed, but it isn't working. No amount of water will wash away what just happened. I submerge my head underwater and hold my breath. I wish I would die. I don't deserve life.
The image of Candus replays in my mind. Her gray face smashed up against some man's chest as they carried her out. I don't know if she was alive or dead. Everyone said she was alive, but she didn't look it. What cowards we were. We should have called the ambulance.
I don't fully know what happened to Candus while I was with Tesla. Rumor has it she met up with some friends and got high. I can't imagine Candus getting high, but they said she has gotten high with them before. Again, I find it hard to believe.
There was either something wrong with the drug, or she took too much. Either way, she overdosed on it. I think she died. I really do. When I found her face pressed to the floor, I screamed. I was already feeling awful about everything, but this was worse than anything. I rolled her over, all floppy and stiff, and there was no life in her face.
"Help me!" I screamed. "Help me!" There were people everywhere. Indeed they would have seen her pass out on the floor before I came. People looked down at me, but no one did anything. No one cared. The party carried on.
"Call 911!" I screamed, making my voice raw.
"Calm down, calm down," Tesla said as he put his arm around my back.
"Get your arm off me!" I yelled in hysteria. "Don't you ever touch me again."
Tesla looked embarrassed in front of his guests as he gazed up at them. "She's had too much to drink," he said, dismissing my behavior. He didn't move his hand off my back.
"I am really worried about your friend. I would love to call 911 for you, but do you understand what they will do to you?"
"What are you talking about?" I ask.
"You are underage and drunk. Do you know what they will do to you if you call them here? They will send you to detention for drinking, and then your dad will know all that you have done."
I couldn't stop it. I couldn't hold it in. Right then and there, I turned away from Candus and puked. The hot, acidic sludge shooting out my nose and mouth. My parents could not know what I had done! My head pounded.
"I am sorry," I said. I had nothing to wipe the puke off on. It dribbled out of my nose and on my chin.
"I know, I know," Tesla said, wiping my face off on something. How could he treat me so gentle, so kind after what just happened? I wanted him away from me, but he wouldn't leave.
It angered me I had apologized to him. I owed him nothing.
Tesla caressed my hair. "Listen, we need to get Candus to the hospital. My friends will get her there, but to protect you, we can't have the ambulance come here."
I looked around the room. Even though Candus lay there practically dead, the party went on. No one cared but us. No one cared but me. There were many underage kids there drunk and high. Tesla wasn't protecting me. He was protecting himself.
I should have called 911 myself, but I didn't. I would love to see Tesla go to jail. He is a slime. The lowest of life form, but I didn't want to go to jail. I didn't want my parents to know what I had done. In shame, I bowed my head and did nothing to save Candus. How could I ever be called her friend again? Like a coward, I watched as strangers carried her away.
I try to drown myself in the tub, but I am too chicken to go through with it. Eventually, the lack of oxygen forces me up. I am sick inside. I am a sinner, a coward. I am broke and worthless.
I grab my razor and slice across my leg as red blood seeps into the bathwater. It's not enough. I deserve more. I slice again and again. The clear water muddies up and turns brownish-red. Maybe if I cut hard enough, I will slice a vein. I tear my skin apart. I don't deserve life. As I cut, I hear the garage open. My parents are home! They can't know what I have done.
I quickly jump out of the tub, throw my clothes on, and climb into bed. They are home for ten minutes when Dad comes down to check on me. I pretend to be asleep. I still feel the alcohol, and I don't think I will be able to fool him if I have to talk.
He comes to my bedside and stares down at me. Why won't he leave! I don't want him here. If he stays around too long, he will know what I have done. He puts his hand on my head and strokes it. My hair is still very wet. If he were smart enough, he would know I was awake, but he eventually leaves. I relax. That was close.
"I will miss you," Makuahine says with tears in her eyes. They can only walk me to the checkout counter, un-allowed to go any further into the airport with me. The place is crowded, frantic people bustling about. I am nervous. The area is ginormous. How does anyone know where to go? I wish my parents could see me onto the plane.
"Oh, Makuahine, I will miss you too," I wrap my arms around her neck and sob into it. She smells like lavender, and she always has. I inhale deeply, locking her smell into my memory. I didn't think leaving would be hard. I have waited my whole life to move to Hawaii. Why does it hurt so badly?
I inhale Makuahine's scent. How will I get through life without her? Suddenly, gut-wrenching sorrow overcomes me. I can't leave her. Why didn't I enjoy the time we had together. Why didn't I do more with her? She has been my whole life, and now I leave. I never plan on returning. Hawaii is my home.
I can't let go of Makuahine. We will part soon, but I need her for much more. I need her to hold me because Candus might have died. I don't know. No one has said anything. I think if she would have died, at least her parents would have called and told me. I wanted Candus to be here when I left, but how can she ever forgive me? I didn't put her life first. I should have called 911. They could have revised her if necessary. Here I leave my best friend, and yet, we will never be friends again. I failed her.
I hold tighter to Makuahine. Please, make the pain stop. I did terrible things. I did horrible things. I let God down, and I let you and Dad down. If you knew who I really was, you wouldn't love me anymore. You would rejoice in this departure. I am not worthy of your love.
Makuahine pulls away, and I feel like she takes my heart with her. This is it. Life will never be the same again, and unexpectedly I want to stay. I wish to work things out with Dad and Makuahine. How can I leave my parents? They are the only people in my life who love me, and they shouldn't. I don't deserve it.
Brad had promised to see me off at the airport, but he is not here. He saw me with Tesla. He knows the horrible things I did that night. I don't blame him for not being here, but it doesn't stop the gut-wrenching, soul-crushing pain.
Dad hugs me. It's been too long since I let him. Our relationship has been strained, and it's my fault. All he has done is try to protect me. He has tried to be there for me, but I am the one who pulled away. I pushed him when I should have been turning to him. I wrap my arms around his neck, determined never to let go.
If you knew what I did, you would no longer love me. You would hate me. Disown me. How could I have hurt you like this?
"Are you going to be okay?" Dad asks in my ear.
"No. I never will be okay again," I want to say, but I don't. "I'll be fine," is what I reply.
Dad pulls away and looks at me. "I will miss you dearly, but please, go and serve the Lord. Things will hurt at first. You will miss us. It's natural, but don't let that stop you from doing God's work."
Dad served a mission in Hawaii when he was young. I wonder if he felt like this. Doubtful. He knew he would be coming back. I am never coming back. And he wasn't leaving under a blanket of sin. God knows what I did. This mission has never been about God. It should have, but it has always been about my escape to Hawaii.
I am a sinner. I don't deserve life.
After an excruciatingly painful goodbye, I am on the plane. I remember how Jonah tried to run from God, and God sent a massive storm to call out Jonah's sins. I am sure God will strike down the plane for what I have done. If he does, I deserve it. I look at all the families and people on the plane. They are going to die because of me, and I feel horrible.
I am sorry.


*The Pathway of Darkness* Chapter-3


The plane ride seems much longer than I anticipated. For most of it, I feel restless, my legs twitching and shaking. I try to sleep, but guilt keeps me awake. I can't stop thinking about Candus and how I didn't protect her. I think about drinking, even though I knew I shouldn't have done it. I think about Tesla.
I wish God would strike down the plane. I don't deserve life.
When I get off, I find people from the church waiting for me. The airport is open and warm, and tropical air greets me. I love this air. The humidity wraps me up and holds me tight. Usually, this is the best part of landing, knowing I made it to the island, but I can't rejoice. I hurt so badly.
Three leis drape my neck. The people from the church seem nice enough. If they knew what a sinner I was, they would send me back. I wish my Ohana would pick me up. I don't know when I will get a chance to see them. I am sure Dad told the church to keep my Ohana away from me, for they will lead me astray with their pagan ways. I don't think Dad had my Ohana to worry about. I am the one who would lead them away.
The first week in Hawaii was an exhausting blur. There was much to learn. I was given a dorm with three other girls. None of them were Polynesian, and all of them are skinny as can be. I thought living in Hawaii would make things easier, where I could let myself gain weight, but I was wrong. The girls in my dorm are incredibly vain and focus most of their spare time on makeup, clothes, and things like that. It's hard not to get sucked into their mentality. They aren't naturally gorgeous like Candus, but they look good. I feel like the ugly duckling with them. Why couldn't' I have been put with any other girls.
I am quiet here—more than usual. I want to make friends, but I know my sins and don't feel like I belong. My peers all seem pure, unadulterated. I am a fraud.
I miss my parents so bad. I can't believe how strongly it affects me to be away. If I returned home after the school year, this wouldn't be as hard. Dad will never come visit me in Hawaii. I don't understand his bias against the state. He served a very honorable mission here, and yet he acts like it's Satan's home.
It's the third week, and school has started. My classes are a mixture of regular academics and training courses for my mission. They keep us after school, and by the time I return to the dorm, it's 7 pm. I am kept exhaustingly busy, and there isn't time for exercise. When I do return to the dorm, I have to do homework. I eat all meals at the cafeteria. They are heavy meals packed with calories. I try to have restraint, but I end up loading my plate way more than I should. I am dying to see a scale, but there is none around. I fear I will balloon out by the end of September.
"Can I sit with you?" A Polynesian boy asks.
I look up. A noodle clings to my cheek. Embarrassed, I wipe it away. I have avoided boys. They are only trouble. "I don't know why you want to." I am not sure why I said that.
The boy wrinkles his brow. "Why wouldn't I?" He pulls out a chair and sits right next to me. "Hi, my name is Trey."
"Lao'."
"Are you from here?" he asks.
"No," I bow my head in shame. "I am from the states."
"Well, welcome. Is this your first time in Hawaii?"
"No. I have family here."
"All my family is here. I have never left Hawaii. I would love to."
"Have you gone to the other islands?" I ask, intrigued.
"Nope. Just here. I believe we have four classes together."
"Oh." I hadn't noticed. I have kept to myself.
"Are you homesick?" he asks.
"No." A lie.
"You seem sad," he says.
Wow, he isn't afraid to be blunt. Sadness consumes my every moment, but I won't share that with a total stranger. "I am trying to take it all in. The school is different. The mission is a lot of work. I guess I am solemn."
"Is there anything I can do to help?"
I look at Trey. He is not the most handsome boy ever, but he is decent with his large Polynesian frame. It doesn't' matter. I am done with boys, and besides, he has a stretched out face with a considerable amount of acne.
For most of us who live in the dorms, we meet here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The food is tastier than I would like it to be. My clothes are getting tight, but I don't have the will to stop eating. I've noticed seven different groups here. They probably have known each other their whole lives. Then there are the stragglers who sit alone like me. I have always been in a group my entire life, but now I don't deserve one.
"Do you dance?" He asks.
"What do you mean?"
"I realize some members don't dance, and others do. My family feels passionate about keeping family dances alive, like the hula. We are going to a nursing home this weekend, and my sister twisted her ankle. Would you like to take her place?"
"Who all is going?"
"Just my family."
"I don't know. I am not very good. Actually, I am awful. I learned a little hula this year, but I suck." I pick at my chicken nuggets. This time they are soggy, and I struggle to finish them, which is a good thing. I don't need them."
How come you don't know hula?"
"Because my dad is conservative. He doesn't believe in it."
"That's too bad."
"Yeah, my dad is white. He doesn't understand the Polynesian ways."
"Do you think your dad would mind if you helped us? It's a noble cause. We will be bringing joy to the elderly.
"I no longer have to care about what Dad thinks. I am on my own. I will make my own decisions now, not Dad. Even though I suck, I want to join Trey, solely for the reason to defy Dad. Now, I won't have to sneak around to do it. This day marks the beginning of my new freedom.
"If you don't mind that I suck, sure, I will join."
"Only if it's okay with your dad."
"He isn't here. I don't have to ask him."
"Thou shalt honor thy mother and thy father. I won't feel right about taking you unless you call him and get his permission."
"Okay." His virtue reminds me of Brad. Actually, he seems like a mixture of Brad and Marcus.
I remember my time at the nursing home with Brad and Virtue, how they loved the elderly. Maybe I can be like them. Perhaps, this will help me learn their same love and compassion.
"Great, I will pick you Sunday at 5 pm."
"You have a car?" I miss my car. I had to leave it with my parents. Dad promised it would be waiting for me when I return, but I am not coming back.
"Yeah. I live at home, and I have a car, well, it's not my car, it's the family car. But, it works.
"I wish I could live with my Ohana. I don't think islanders realize how lucky they are.
"Actually, can I pick you up at noon? My family is going to have lunch at the beach and play games. Plus, this will give you a chance to learn our hula."
"Is this a date?"
"Um, I guess," he looks away, suddenly shy.
Darkness overshadows me. Trey is a male, and I am done with men. Tesla scarred me, and I will never recover. Besides, I don't want Trey to see me in a swimsuit.
"Just meet me in the main foyer."
I want to decline, but I don't. Maybe I won't show up
.Despite my trepidation, I meet Trey at the foyer. He is in island shorts and no top. He seems better looking than I remember. I have stuffed my ugly self into a swimsuit, but I have covered up with a sarong. The sarong makes me look extra fat. Why did I agree to come?
"Did you get your dad's permission?" he asks as I crawl into the front seat of his car. It's a smart car. If he has a big family, only a few would fit in.
"Yeah," I say, lying.
The beach we go to isn't crowded. "This is a native beach," he says. "You won't see many tourists over here."
"I am not native," I say in shame.
"You are to me."
I like his comment. I haven't hit the beach since I came. Emotions overwhelm me as I walk on the warm sand. The waves beat against the shore, creating erythematic sounds. Birds fly overhead, singing songs of greeting, and the hot sun warms my face and neck. I want to take my sarong off, but I am too self-conscious. The green of the trees and bushes are far lusher than can be found anywhere in the states. For the first time on the island, I relax and allow myself to feel the magic of Hawaii.
We join with a huge group, all his family. I am taken back by the women. Every single one of them are huger than Makuahine. They wear their bathing suits without a care in the world. This is what I have wanted. This is what I need.
It's hard to do, but I take my sarong off. I expose my flesh to all around, and no one cares. No one here would think I am fat. Maybe I am not.
We spend the afternoon playing games and learning the hula. I stink at it, but everyone seems happy to have me around. I have found home.
Trey seems intrigued by me. He wants to spend all our free time together. He signs up on every committee and project I am on. I like Trey, but I hold back. I don't flirt. That part of me died at the party. What I do like about Trey is he doesn't touch me. He has never held my hand or tried to get me to kiss him. He keeps a healthy boundary between us.
Trey is extremely religious. He meets with me every night for bible study. I don't want to do it, but I am a sinner, and I have to make things right with God.
Trey loves God. He never stops talking about him. He devotes everything he has to God. I like Trey's way of worship. I think he loves God more than Dad does. Dad is ultra-religious, but he does it for show. Trey isn't a fanatic like Dad, but he is sincere with everything he does.
We spend the weekends together. Friday, we hang out with his family. Saturday, we attend church with the academy, and Sunday, Trey takes me to my Ohana.
I can't believe how amazing it is to be around my Ohana again. Peace and joy overcome me whenever I am with them. I can't help but cry. When they learned I was here, they threw me a luau, roasting a pig just for me.
I spend very little time with my roommates. I try not to let their Western ways get to me. I stop wearing makeup because Trey said I looked more beautiful without it. When I am with his or my Ohana, I feel real, and I don't feel fat.
I have gained weight since I have been here. I don't have a scale, nor do I want one. But, I have gone up three pant sizes. It still hurts my feelings because such thinking is deeply ingrained in me, but I try not to let it. I no longer count calories or purge on purpose, but I think I am defective.
I feel sick all the time. And even though I don't willfully purge, I am always nauseous, and my body forces me to puke. I think I have been purging for so long that my body is dependent on it. I hope the healthier I get, the less I will involuntarily puke.
"I know we have only known each other for two months, but I feel like you are my soul companion," Trey says to me. We are at the beach, sprawled out on a blanket. Even now, he keeps a healthy space between us.
His words startle me. I don't know if I feel the same about him. The old me would have. I would have fallen head over heels with him, but not now, not after what happened at the party. Instead, I keep a wall up, blocking him out. Yes, I enjoy his company, but I can't let him in. He can't know the real me -the dirty me.
"I would like it if you were my girl and didn't date anyone else." I hadn't dated anyone else. "If things work out, I would like to marry you after graduation and spend the next five years serving across the country doing missionary work together as husband and wife."
Wooh! Slow down! Shocked, I don't know what to say. He is a good man. I want to love him, but I can't, not right now.
"I can't be your girl." I don't look at him
.A dad next to us is building a sandcastle with his two daughters. They have skill, and the castle looks lifelike. The girls are almost identical, only separated by age. One is taller and more mature looking but still practically identical. They seem comfortable with each other. The dad picks up the smaller girl and spins her in a circle. I wish I were close to Dad. I miss him and despise him at the same moment.
Trey looks crushed. Utterly crushed. It hurts me. I have caused him that pain.
"Is there something I have done wrong?" He has tears running down his face.
"No. It's me." "What can I do to bring happiness to you?"
"You make me happy, but I could never make you happy. I have problems. I am not who you think."
"I am a pretty good judge of character, and I see only goodness in you. Why else would you leave your parents to come serve a mission for the Lord?"
His words drive the guilt in because I am only here for selfish reasons. I am here for me, not God.
"I don't want to scare you away. Lao', you are very special to me. I won't mention this again. But, so you know, I will remain loyal to you. I will not date any other woman. And if the time is right, you feel the same way, please let me know."
I want to hug him, but I don't dare. He is a good man. Love for him pours inside me. He is everything good and decent. I want to love him entirely, but I don't deserve him. He needs a woman who has never sinned.


*The Pathway of Darkness* Chapter-4


The sickness won't stop. Sometimes I can't even get out of bed without puking. Arianna shares a room with me. Despite her vanity, she has a gentle heart. She is worried about me. She keeps telling me to go to the doctor, but I tell her I am fine. Eventually, I decide to confide in her.
"I am not sick. The problem is I used to be bulimic. I would puke on purpose."
"Why would you do that?" she asks. She has red hair. She spends hours a day on straightening it. It's hard for her to do because the humidity kinks it up by the end of the day. She should let her hair be curly.
Three days later, when I am too sick to get out of bed, Arianna kneels by my bed and strokes my head. She is kind.
"We learned about bulimia in health yesterday," she meekly says. I think she is nervous about bringing the subject up with me. "It is scary what it can do to your body."
"Yeah, I know. That is why I am glad I stopped."
"But you are so sick. I am worried you messed something up and need medical attention."
"I'll be fine."
"Will you. You look awfully dehydrated to me."
She was right. I hadn't been able to keep anything down for days. The next day, on top of nausea, my lower back kills. I can hardly move.
"That's it. We are skipping gym class today and taking you to the doctor's. I called Trey, and he said he would give us a ride."
I want to fight, but she is right. I am super sick. With the pain in my back, I don't think I will make it through school. I stay home, and during gym class, Trey and Arianna take me to the doctors. Trey stays out in the waiting room while Arianna attends me in the exam room. They run a few tests on me, then the doctor returns.
"Alright. I am going to start least to greatest. Your labs look good. There are a few that are off, but from what you have told me, I am glad to see that most are stabilizing." I told him about my eating disorder and the labs I had drawn back in the states. I hadn't wanted to share any of it, but Arianna said it was necessary so the doctor could properly diagnose me.
"You have a urinary tract infection, which is why you are in so much pain in your back. We will get you started on antibiotics right away, and let me clarify. You aren't allergic to any medicine?"
"Correct."
"You are severely dehydrated, so I want to send you to a hospital to get a couple of bags of fluid in you."
"Ugh." I hate hospitals.
"And one other thing," he says, sitting down. He becomes solemn. "You are pregnant."
A flood of sickening, disgusting, horrible emotions run through me. I am in shock. I can't speak. I can't think. How can I be pregnant! What will Dad say? What will Trey say? What am I to do? I am only a kid myself. I break down in tears, sobbing uncontrollably. This is like an execution sentence. I am still in high school. I am not ready to be a mom. Why? Why God? Why me? The doctor looks uncomfortable. Arianna comes over and hugs me.
"I will send my nurse in with a baby welcoming kit. She can go over how to care for your body and the baby. Do you have any questions for me?"
I am too numb to ask questions.
"Okay," he says when I don't respond. He lets himself out of the room.
"Oh, Lao'. I am sorry," Arianna says. She holds me. The nurse eventually comes in and yacks on and on about stuff I don't care about. It doesn't apply to me. How can I be pregnant?
"Take all the time you need," she says as she leaves us alone. 
"Is there anything I can do for you?" Arianna asks.
"How can I be pregnant? It's not fair. I have never had sex."
"Um, I don't think you can be pregnant if you have never had sex," she stutters.
"I was raped."
Arianna's eyes widen. "Oh my. How horrible. Who raped you? Did Trey rape you?"
"No. Please don't tell Trey I am pregnant."
"I won't."
It sickened me further to think of Trey knowing. He has such high feelings for me. He thinks I am this wonderful, spiritual girl, and here I am, pregnant. He can never know.
"I went to this stupid party. This stupid, stupid party. I knew I shouldn't. I had been raised better. Then I did something dumb. I drank alcohol. I was drunk when this guy Tesla, he is like twenty-one, he tricked me into going into his grandma's bedroom. I knew I shouldn't follow him, but I didn't say no like I should. He locked the door and put the moves thick and heavy on me. I tried to leave, but it was too late. He forced me to the bed..." I couldn't finish. Telling it was like getting raped all over again.
A flood of emotions filled me. All the gross, terrible, wrong things he did washed over me. I felt like he was doing it again. I fell to the floor and bawled out of control. Arianna kneeled next to me and rubbed my back. She didn't know what to do but bless her, she stayed by me.
When I calmed down, she asked, "Does anyone know?"
I shot my head up in fear. "No. And no one can know!"
"But, if you don't report him, then he gets away with raping you, and he will do it to others. He deserves to go to jail. On top of that, you are a minor. What he did will put him on the sex offenders list as a pedophile. You need to report this.
""I can't. I can't. I can't." I wailed. "If I do, then my Dad will know I went to a party. He will know I drank. I can't let him down like that."
"But then the pedophile goes free."
"I don't care. It was my fault. I shouldn't have been at the party. I shouldn't have drank. I shouldn't have worn that sexy outfit. I didn't have to go into the room with him, but I did."
"It doesn't' matter what you did. You could have been lying on the bed fully naked, and he still didn't' have the right to rape you. Don't you understand, it's not your fault?
"As much as she tries to consul me, I don't believe her. It is my fault. I shouldn't have done the things that led up to Tesla raping me.
The nurse pops her head in. "Are you okay? Can I help you?"
Arianna pulls me up from the floor. "We are fine. I am getting ready to take her to the hospital. Can we have a few more minutes?"
"Sure thing. Let me know if you need anything." The door closes. 
In a panic, I turn to Arianna. "Please don't tell Trey. Please don't tell the girls. Please, don't tell anyone."
"It's my secret. I promise.
"She wraps her arm around my back. "What are you going to do? People are going to figure it out soon enough."
"I..I..I don't even know. I can't think right now."
"You can get an abortion."
ABORTION! I had always believed abortion was murder. No, that isn't the answer.
"I have a secret to share," she says. "I have been pregnant before. I know what you are going through, well, not quite what you are going through. I wasn't raped.
"Arianna is a year younger than me. I can't believe she's been pregnant and had an abortion.
"It is really easy, and no one will ever know. That's the great thing about it. I think that is the best solution for you.
"I can't believe she is suggesting killing the baby inside me.
"I will think about it. But, please, in the meantime, don't tell anyone, especially Trey."
"Our secret." Arianna picks up the welcome baby kit. She stuffs it in the cupboard under the sink. "We can't walk out of here with that stuff, or Trey will know for sure you are pregnant."
"Good thinking."
We walk into the lobby, where Trey stands up to greet me. He looks concerned. "What's wrong?" he asks. I can't look at him.
Before I respond, Arianna takes the reins. "She has a urinary tract infection. That is why she has been sick. We need you to take her to the hospital where she can get some IV fluids."
"Anything," he says. He is loyal, and I am a dog.
I sit on my bed, numb. I am almost 13 weeks pregnant. I have done nothing to care for the baby. No vitamins, nothing. I try to act like it will go away. My stomach is starting to show, but I have gained so much weight, it's hard to tell it's from a baby
.I keep trying to break up with Trey. He deserves a virtuous woman, one who has saved herself for him. True, I haven't given myself to any man, but that doesn't change that I am no longer a virgin. Since going to the hospital, Trey has become extra caring to me. He is such a good man. I can't help but fall more in love with him. Arianna has been training me not to push Trey away because Tesla hurt me.
"Trey is not Tesla." She often reminds me.
If I were worthy of marriage, I would want it to be with Trey, but I am not, and besides, I don't think I could ever consummate my marriage. The remembrance of the rape is almost a daily thing. I want to hate men. I hate sex. But I can't hate Trey.
The winter break is almost here, and the academy is teaming up with the (ACS) Adventist Community Services for humanitarian aid. I can't wait to go.
"Are you pregnant?" Sam asks. He is a boy in my math class
."Why would you ask that?"
"Because you look pregnant."
"Well, you're a jerk," I say.
He smirks then returns his attention to his calculator. After class, I go to the bathroom. I study myself in the mirror. I do look pregnant. If some random boy in class can tell, then how has Trey not figured it out yet?
I am bothered. I skip the rest of the day. I wander the beaches and contemplate what I have to do. I have limited choices. Tell everyone I am pregnant and get kicked out of the academy and lose Trey. Once that happens, I can either raise the baby on my own or give it up for adoption. I won't go back to my parents. I doubt they would want a sinner like me anyway. I would live with my Ohana. It sickens me the idea of being kicked out of the academy.
If I tell Trey, he will be done with me. He is too holy to stick with a sinner like me. He will leave me. I am not ready for marriage, but I am not prepared to lose Trey.
My only other option is an abortion. The very consideration makes me sick, but what choice do I have? I can't let Trey know. I can't lose him. I can't disappoint my parents like that. I don't want to be kicked out of the academy. After much consideration, I know my only option.
"Can you help me?" I ask Arianna when our door is closed. Tears already stream down my face. I don't have to say what I need. She can already tell.
"We can go during gym," she says. We have gym class, then lunch. It's a two-hour window.
"Yeah, let's do it."


*The Pathway of Darkness* Chapter-5


I shake. How can I go through with this? I am a horrible person. How can I selfishly protect my sin by killing another human? Everything inside me screams to stop, not to walk into the clinic, but something else controls me. Shame controls me, and I go in.
Gowned up, I lay on the bed. As I wait for the doctor, the baby kicks—a good hard kick. I have felt butterfly flutters up to this point, but not something as pronounced as I feel now. I think my child is begging me to stop. To not go through with it. I want to listen. I want to protect this life, but I can't. I am a coward. I have sinned, and this child is a testament to the world.
The doctor comes in with his assistant, and I want to die. The assistant is one of Trey's cousins. I can't remember his name, but I know without a doubt it's Trey's cousin. He stares at me with a cold glare. I feel like he is judging me, but who is he to judge? Ultimately, it is he and the doctor who will kill this baby, not me.
I close my eyes and squeeze Arianna's hand tight. I don't want this. But, I let them do their dirty work. I let those men kill my baby. My child. My posterity. I sacrifice the life inside to hide my sin. I am the devil.
I've never gotten all mushy when a baby goes by, hardly noticing them at all, but suddenly, I seem attuned to any baby within a fifty-mile radius. I can't stop the new attraction I have to babies, a magnetic bond pulling me closer to each one. This recent phenomenon does not delight me. Compare this to grandmas seeing babies, and the grandma's countenance lights up. For me, it's the opposite. When I see a baby, deep, devastating pain fills me—heartache unlike any, I have ever experienced before. The agony feels a hundred times greater than the pain of leaving my parents behind. Each baby testifies to me and reminds me I am a murderer.
It's the winter break. I am alone. Many kids return home to spend winter break with their family, not me. I fear if I ever visit home, my parents won't let me return to Hawaii. It's not worth the chance. For those who stayed behind, they are involved in the humanitarian mission with the ACS. I had planned on doing it, but the first day they spent helping homeless families, and it was too much for me to handle.
Despite their challenging situation, those families stay close to each other, loving each other dearly. The only thing the homeless families have left in life is each other. It's noble to see, but it tears me apart. It destroys me for two reasons. One, I don't feel like I had that bond with my parents. Yes, at one time, we were close, but we haven't been like that forever. When I see this love in other families, it makes me hate my parents, and then I feel guilty for hating my parents because I know it was mostly my fault, and then I feel guilty because I am away from them and will never live with them again. The second reason watching the families is hard is because I just killed my family.
It's lonely in the dorm alone. I want to hang out with Trey, but he acts weird to me, now avoiding me. When I asked him for something, he said he was sorry and that he wanted to concentrate on the Lord's work without distractions. I have never been a distraction before. I thought he planned to do the Lord's work with me by his side.
Right now, everything is too much.
I miss spending the winter break with my parents. Adventists don't celebrate Christmas. At home, during this time, Dad focused on the life of Christ. In a way, it's similar to Christmas, without all the superficial gift-giving and consumerism that Christmas has become.
I should go to the beach. I did a few times, but all I saw was people enjoying one another's company, and it reminded me how alone I felt. I spend my time in the small dorm room, lying in bed and bawling.
Guilt consumes me. I have never found out if Candus died from an overdose. I could call her, but I don't dare. What would I say? Hey, it's me, your fake friend who left you to die. What would I say?
In the darkness of my room, under the blackened blankets, I think of my failures. When and where did my life spiral out of control? When did I become so evil? I suppose my downfall started when I became obsessed with my weight. That was when I pushed my parents away. My eating disorder consumed me. My life also took a wrong turn when I met Tesla.
Tesla seemed like the perfect man. So handsome. So giving. He had such a dynamic personality that he drew in every person who met him. He enamored even dorky Ted Rumblehoff, who made Tesla the team leader. I knew Tesla was trouble. Every time I was around him, a small voice warned me to stay away. Did I listen? No. I liked the thrill of being around Tesla. I started doing things I had never done before. I dressed immodestly to get his attention. It worked. I lied to my parents and snuck out on dates with Tesla. Things I should have never done.
My parent's rules used to piss me off. I thought Dad was trying to control me, but now I see he was trying to protect me. He knew the Teslas of the world would seek me as prey. He knew the things that attracted men like Tesla, and he tried to shield me. What did I do? I pushed Dad away like he was the enemy and ran to the enemy's arms. I miss Dad, and I owe him much in the way of apologies.
The pinnacle of my demise was when I went to the party I shouldn't have been at. I knew from the moment I heard about it that it was Satan's snare, pleasantly designed to lure us young, virtuous kids in. I had promised never to drink or do drugs. Adventists don't drink. I had vowed to save myself for my wedding night with my husband. All for cheap thrills and a fancy house, I threw all that away. I threw it away!
I will never forgive myself. I can never move on. I sinned, and I have lost the love of God. But the worst, the number one sin in the world, I killed.
Thou shalt not kill.
I killed.
My world is dark with nothing left in it for me. I have sinned to the depths of hell.
School has been in for three days. Trey avoids me. I don't know what I have done to him. I need him in my life more than ever. I need someone to help me. I thought I could lean on Arianna, but she didn't return from winter break for some reason. I have no one. I am alone. I think I am going out of my mind.
I have to talk to Trey.
At lunch, I find Trey sitting outside. I stand next to him. He doesn't even lookup.
"Trey, can we please talk?"
He keeps his eyes on his lap and fiddles with his lunch, then finally looks up. There are tears in his eyes. "I am disappointed and hurt. I don't know what to say."
A tropical breeze blows by. Despite its warmth, I feel cold.
"What have I done to hurt you?" His response stabs my heart a million times. I can tell he was avoiding me, but I wanted him to say it was him, not me, to say he is going through some rough times at home and is trying to figure things out. I don't want to be the cause of his avoidance.
"You are not the person I thought you were." He takes a bite of his roll and looks away. He is right. I am not the person he thought I was. I am an imposter, but I didn't want him to know that. My eyes fill with tears that I can't stop. I don't know what to say.
"Can I make it up to you?" is the lame thing I came up with.
"It's not me you have to make it up to. It's God. I don't know how I can be your friend anymore."
"What did I do?"
"What did you do? What did you do?! For starters, you had relations with another man. Were you ever going to tell me that? That is a pretty big deal, and then you had an abortion. I am mortified, sick inside to think of you killing a baby. I thought you were Christian. I thought you believed in God and life. How can you if you are willing to kill one of God's most innocent creations."
Crushed.
Destroyed.
His words are a million hooks ripping me apart. The tears flow, my body shakes. Everything he said is true. I can't defend myself. I am everything he accuses me of, and I have let him down. I had the abortion to hide my sin from him, but in doing so, I have created a bigger sin, one he will never be able to forgive. He won't look at me. I don't know what to say, so I get up and run away.


*The Pathway of Darkness* Chapter-6


My world has crumbled. I have spent my life devising ways to get to Hawaii, and now I am here, and I can't enjoy it. I have thrown away everything sacred in my life. I have disappointed God and humanity.
I try to go through life, but I can't. There are too many reminders around me to attest to my wickedness and loneliness. The campus crawls with best friends and lovers. I have neither. Everywhere I go are tourists enjoying the bounty of my island, and I have no one to enjoy it with. There are families and babies to remind me I have killed my child.
The classes with Trey are the hardest. He goes to significant costs to avoid me. His efforts kill me. I have sluffed a few of those classes, and now my grades suffer. My whole life is slipping. I can't eat anymore. Not that I starve myself to lose weight, but because I no longer care about food, life, or anything.
"Lao' and Trey, you two will be partners on the National Park project. Remember to read your assignment and not to miss anything," Mrs. Henrix said.
"I am sorry, I can't partner with her," Trey says in front of the entire class. I bow my head in shame. What is he doing? How could he?
"I am sorry, Trey. This assignment is also about learning to work with others. I will not reassign you."
"Then I will take a fail on it," Trey says as he gathers his things and walks out of the room.
Mortifying! Everyone wonders what horrible thing Lao' has done to push such a spiritual boy away. All eyes glare at me. What am I to do?
After class, I run back to my dorm. I can't take the humiliation anymore. I can't take anything. I am failing school, I have no friends, and I have pushed Trey away. Life is not worth living.
I go into the bathroom and search for a razor. I have to cut. I have to vent the pain. I search the medicine cabinet. There isn't a razor anywhere. Don't my roommates shave their legs? I close the cabinet, then open it again. Maybe I missed it. I shove the pills and band-aids aside. Still no razors.
"I can make the pain stop," the Tylenol calls to me.
"What are you talking about?"
"Your life. It's worthless. You are worthless. You let everyone down. You let Trey down. Just wait until the academy learns about what you did to Candus, how you killed your friend, and even worse, your own baby. Just wait until your parents find out. You will break their hearts. You don't deserve life. You don't deserve the air you breathe. You can make it better. You can end it now."
The Tylenol is right. I don't deserve life. I grab the bottle and look at it. Its extra strength. I wonder what it would feel like to kill myself with Tylenol. Would it hurt? Would I pass out? I don't want it to hurt.
What am I thinking? I can't do this. I slam the bottle back into the mirror and walk away. I must value life. I can't kill myself.
"Why not?" The Tylenol says. "You have already killed life, an innocent baby at that. What would it hurt to take your life? You would make this world a better place. And just think, you won't hurt anymore. Do it before the world finds out how evil you are."
The Tylenol is right. I don't deserve life. The world would be better without me. I have done nothing but hurt the people I love.
I grab the bottle, and without giving myself time to think about it, I swallow the whole thing. I hope this doesn't hurt too bad. It will only be a moment of pain, and then it will all be over.
My stomach hurts, the cramping and knotting, it's unreal. Make it stop. I can't take this. It is too much—the pain. I lay on the ground next to the toilet. It feels like there is a tractor in my stomach, ripping it open from every side. I can't believe I was stupid enough to take the Tylenol. This is the worst pain ever. I crawl to the toilet and try to puke. I am an expert at this. Maybe I can bring the Tylenol up. I shove my finger down my throat. Thick acid comes up, but the pain doesn't stop. I am too late.
There are people all around me. My body is in excruciating pain. They shove something down my throat. It burns and rips. What are they doing?
Make them stop.
The pain.
The lights.
The noise.
The people.
I want to tear out of my skin.
I lay quietly in the recovery room at the hospital. Things did not go the way I planned. I am still alive. I didn't die. I wanted to, but I didn't. Apparently, my roommates found me unconscious in the dorm bathroom. They called 911.
I have never experienced such intense amounts of pain before. It's not fair they saved me. They should have let me die. Then, the pain would only be an afterthought to a ghost.
It humiliates me that I failed. I wish I would have done it this morning, right after everyone left for school. Indeed that would have given me enough time to die before my roommates returned.
I am a failure. I even fail at dying.
My Ohana comes and visits me, but it's awkward. They don't know what to say, and I don't want them there. A few of my school teachers come as well. I wonder if it's a requirement to visit suicidal students at the hospital.
I want to leave, to run away. I desire to find a desolate beach and live the rest of my days there alone. The hospital won't release me. They say I messed up my liver. As I numbly sit in bed, an unexpected visitor shows up.
"Hey, Lao'," he meekly says. He is uncomfortable. I can tell he wants to hug me, but he doesn't. What is he doing here? I don't want him here. I don't want him to see me like this.
"How have you been?" Did he really ask me that?
I turn away, unhappy to see him. I don't want him here. He sits next to me. His words must be stuck because he turns to the TV. Please go. This is awkward enough for both of us.
I am on good pain medication, and I drift to sleep. Maybe he will be gone when I awake.
He is not.
"Your mom says hi," he says when I awake. Why is he still here?
"She sent me with this to give you." Dad hands me a package wrapped in bright paper. Why are they giving me a gift? I had tried to kill myself.
I take the paper off. Inside a box is Makuahine's Koa figurine of Princess Kailani.
"Your mom said you would understand the meaning."
Princess Kailani was a tragic tale of broken dreams and an early death to the princess. Was Makuahine suggesting my life was parallel to that of the princess? Broken dreams and early death.
I hold the Koa figurine.
I hate it.
I love it.
I cry.
All my things are packed and ready to go. I don't want any of it. They can stay here for all I care. I can't believe I am leaving. I have strived to live in Hawaii for my whole life, and now Dad forces me to leave. If I were 18, I would refuse to go, but I am a minor, and I have no say.
I am at my lowest, even lower than I was when I took the Tylenol. Why hadn't it worked? Why didn't I die? Not one part of me wants to leave. Hawaii is my home. Despite all the problems I had here, it was the one place I could be myself. I didn't have to worry about my weight. I didn't have to worry about anything. Why would Dad make me leave? He doesn't even let me say goodbye to my Ohana.
I look out the airplane window. This is going to be a long flight home. What am I thinking? Whitefish Junction is not my home; Hawaii is my home. Tears stream my cheeks as the plane takes flight. I refuse to talk to Dad. I tried to convince him to let me say, but nothing I said would change his mind.
"You are my daughter, and I must protect you."
"I will come back as soon as I am 18."
"Then come back, but as a child, you are still a child, and as a child, I must protect you."
"You owe me nothing," I growl.
Our fights still ring in my ear. Dad is worried about me. He said it crumbled his world when he learned I had tried to commit suicide. He said he had decided then and there he would devote his time to helping me find my light and happiness. Then he should move to Hawaii to do that. Does he think taking me away from Hawaii will make me happy? He is wrong, dead wrong. He is destroying the last piece of hope in me.
I am not happy to see Makuahine, nor am I glad to see anyone. Dad invites people to the house and makes me attend church functions. He forces me to that awful eating disorder group. In Hawaii, I didn't have an eating disorder. I feel more lost and desperate. I guess the only good thing is that Dad doesn't know about the pregnancy or abortion. I am glad it is still my secret.
When Dad isn't carting me around, I stay in bed. I refuse to go to school. I have no desire to see all my old fake friends. I had told everyone I was going to Hawaii, and now I am back because I failed. I don't care about my grades anymore, nor do I care about my future.
I hate life.
Dad tries to force me to see a new therapist, but I refuse. Talking won't ever change the fact that I no longer live in Hawaii. It will not bring Candus back to life, and it won't give me my baby back.
There is nothing that will change my hell.
Nothing!

*The Pathway of Darkness* Chapter-7

It's August 17. A year from the party. A year from the rape. I have nothing to show for my life. This is a dark day. I am 18 now, but I lack the resources to fly back to Hawaii. I should get a job, but I don't care. All I want to do is die.
My parents are not home today. This would be the perfect time to kill myself, and this time succeed. I have thought about my method a lot. I won't fail.
As I walk toward the garage, the doorbell rings. My heart races because we don't get many visitors. Who can it be? I am half tempted to ignore it, but something compels me to open the door. When I do, I am shocked at who I see.
"Hey," says a small voice. There is Candus, alive and well.
"Candus!" I say as I fling myself into her arms. I hug her dearly until I remember I am not worthy of her hug. I pull back.
"Why didn't you call me and tell me you were back home?"
I look away because I can't look into her eyes. I betrayed her. I am not worthy of her friendship.
"Are you okay?" she asks. She looks great. She has grown a little taller and filled out a bit more. Her makeup is perfect, and she wears a cute outfit, like always. I still have on my sweats that I have worn all week. I know I stink, but up to now, I hadn't cared. What must Candus think of me right now?
I try to tell her I am fine, but the tears pour out. I can't speak. I am ashamed. I am ashamed for the last year.
Candus grabs her left arm and rocks back and forth. "Do you mind if I come in?
What can I say? If she wants to come in, then she should. I owe her for what I did to her. I step aside as she walks in. She sits on the couch.
"What is going on?" She asks.
"Well, honestly, I was just on my way to kill myself," I say boldly, and I don't care. Candus' eyes widen. Her face twists around as she makes sense of my words. 
She stands up and puts her arms around my shoulder. "What is wrong, dear friend?"
I stiffen. "How can you call me dear friend?" I say.
"Because you are. I have missed you. When I learned you were back, I came right over."
"I don't deserve your friendship."
Candus runs her hand through my snarly hair. "What has happened to you?"
"A year ago today, I left you to die. I can never live with myself for that." I can't even look at her as I say it.
"What do you mean? I wasn't left to die. I was taken to the hospital where they saved my life."
I was at least glad that part worked out. "I know, but I should have called 911. No one did because we were afraid to get caught for drinking. We put our selfish selves before your life."
"Someone took me to the hospital," Candus said.
"Yes, but you could have died on the way there. We should have called the ambulance." Candus' face clouded. "I had a hard recovery, but I lived. Someone took me to the hospital, and I guess at this point, that is all that counts. Have you been beating yourself up over this for a year?"
"Yes. I thought you died." I still can't believe I am looking at Candus.
"Why didn't you call and find out for sure?"
"Because I am a worthless coward."
Candus stared at me for a moment, then hugged me again. "Please forgive yourself for this. I have. I hold no ill will toward you."
I sob in her arms. Her words relieve a thousand pounds of guilt. "I am sorry," I say.
"I know," she says, stroking my hair again. "Are you really on your way to commit suicide?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"Because I have done so much bad this last year. I don't deserve life."
"I can't believe that. You are a good person."
"No. I am a murderer."
Candus pulls away. "Who did you murder? I am alive." She says in disbelief.
"My baby."
"You had a baby!"
"Yes, and no. I was pregnant, and then I had an abortion." Candus stares at me. I think she tries to control the shock she must feel. It takes her a moment to talk again.
"Who's baby?"
I look away. I hate saying his name. "Tesla."
"Oh, Lao'. Does he know you were pregnant?"
"He doesn't deserve to know. He raped me." Candus face contorts to a million looks. She can't hold back the shock or anger. "How dare he!"
"It's been a year today since he raped me at the horrible party we had no business going to."
"Oh, Lao'. I am sorry. I should have been there for you."
"You didn't know."
"I shouldn't have left you alone at the party. If we had stuck together, you would have stopped me from taking drugs, and I would have stopped you from getting raped."
"Now, you give me one more thing to have guilt over."
"Oh, I am sorry. I didn't mean to." Candus sits back on the couch. She scratches her elbow.
"Did you come back because you were pregnant?"
"No. My parents don't know about the pregnancy or abortion. Things became really hard emotionally for me after the abortion. I thought I had killed you, and I know I killed my baby. It was more than I could take, so I tried to kill myself. When I failed at that, my dad came and forced me home. This has been the worst year of my life." 
"Oh, Lao," Candus says, standing up and putting her arm around me. "Your burdens have been heavy. I am so sorry for you. You can't beat yourself up for aborting a baby out of rape. No one should have to go through a pregnancy from rape. I don't believe in abortions, but I would never judge a rape victim. That is so different. Did you ever tell the police about Tesla?"
"No."
"What can I do to help you?"
"There is nothing. I hate my life and don't want to live it anymore."
Candus stayed until my parents came home. After she left, I went to my room. I felt way better to know she was alive. She said this last year has been challenging for her. She didn't want to discuss it yet, saying we needed to focus on my problems right now.
She did share some sad news with me. Apparently, Brad and Virtue had gone to that evil party as well. I am not sure why they missed listening to Raven. Anyways, Brad had gotten drunk, which was a shocker since he was against it. He left with Virtue on his motorcycle, and they got in a wreck with his brother Peter. Apparently, Peter died along with a few other people, and possibly even a baby. Virtue is paralyzed for life, and Brad is in jail. Their story makes me sick. Brad is such a good person. He doesn't deserve to spend his life in jail. He had much going for him, and I cry for Brad. I cry for Peter. I cry for the baby. What I wouldn't give to go back in time and blow up Tesla's party. It has been the downfall of many lives.
Candus comes and sees me every day, spending several weeks doing my hair and makeup each day. I tell her it doesn't matter, but she says it does. She tries to lift my spirits, and it works a little. She says it's crucial for me to go back to Hawaii. I agree, but it will take too much work. I have no more strength.
Candus convinces me to see Dr. Nutley again. Dad tried to get me to see someone new. I think he was embarrassed for firing Dr. Nutley. I don't want to see a therapist, but Dr. Nutley is right for me. He has some good advice, and we are working on the healing process. Candus has come to some of these sessions with me. She is a huge blessing in my life. She still won't tell me what the last year has been like for her.
Talking to Dr. Nutley has been balm for my soul.
Between Dr. Nutley and Candus, they decide that I should tell my parents and a leader in my church about the rape and abortion for my complete healing. I don't see how this will help, but they insist it will. All I think it will do is make Dad more disappointed in me than he already is.
I fidget. We are all here in Dr. Nutley's office, feeling more cramped than usual. Candus holds my hand to give me strength as Dr. Nutley smiles at me. My parents sit on the couch together, holding each other. They have no idea what I am about to unleash."Mr. and Mrs. Smith," Dr. Nutley starts. "Lao' has been working hard to find joy in life again. We have made some significant steps, but there is still a long way to go. I know you two have been there for her and want to help her. She needs your help. She craves your help. She desires your help..."I don't think I want their help."
There is a burden she has carried alone for too long. I believe to heal fully, she needs your help to carry this burden. She is scared if she tells you, you will not love her anymore. I assured her you would not judge her but help her. Is this true?
"My parents look at each other. Are they willing to commit to the terms of the deal?
"She knows she can tell us anything," Dad says.
"Okay, Lao'," Dr. Nutley says as he turns the floor to me.
Candus puts her arm around me. "I am proud of you," she whispers in my ear.
I try to speak, but nothing comes out. My parents watch me with no emotion on their faces. I think they are holding in their disappointment.
I grab Candus' hand. I need change. It is time to work on repentance and let the Lord and my parents help. I must let them in. I open my mouth, it's dry and hard to speak. "Makuahine, Dad, I have done some things I am very ashamed of." My voice chokes up.
"You got this," Dr. Nutley encourages.
"I am right here with you," Candus whispers.
"It all happened over a year ago when I chose the path of darkness..."


*The Pathway of Light* Chapter-1


As much as I want to hear Raven, I crave the thrill of the forbidden. As much as I want to hang out with Brad, Virtue will undoubtedly be connected to his side. Yes, my feelings for her are softening, but I still hate having her around all the time. I want Brad's whole, undivided attention.
"Candus, I really want to go to the party, but I have a horrible feeling about it. You are Mormon. I don't know all you believe in, but I know it's pretty similar to me. Both of our religions condemn this type of thing. Maybe we really should go listen to Raven."
Candus' face drops. Oh no, I have disappointed her. "I guess you're right. It would have been fun, though."
She's right. It would have been fun.
As we drive to the stadium, I don't feel a spiritual high, testifying we are doing the right thing. I know it's good to listen to Raven, but I wanted to feel a feeling of confirmation that we made the right choice. The party still begs me to go. Candus and I don't talk. I bet she thinks the same thing I do.
After we go into the stadium, I search for Brad but can't see him anywhere. It would be a miracle if I did. The place crawls with people, smooshed up against each other, so gross.
We find seats in the middle and listen.
Raven comes out, and a reverence falls on the stadium. He has a presence about him that catches people's attention. He radiates good and light.
As he talks, I quickly forget the party. Raven draws me into everything he has to say. He is incredible, and his soul reaches out and touches mine. He talks about how hard his childhood was. He at one time even wanted to die. Then he talks about the Savior and how he let the Savior change his life.
He brings me to tears. Here I have devoted much time to my image, feeling worthless because of my weight. Raven spent his childhood getting beat by other children. He has cerebral palsy and is crippled. He is ugly as sin and yet still loves God. He knows his value and worth. If Raven can find joy in life with so little, what am I doing with all I have?
His powerful message enlightens me. I feel like Raven has given me the strength to change myself, the motivation I have lacked up to this point.
Our drive home is quiet. I can tell Candus feels the same thing. She seems to glow. I don't know what we missed by not going to the party, but I know what we would have missed if we had gone. I am glad I chose Raven because I feel he was spiritually sent to save me.
I vow to change my life.
*The Pathway of Light* Chapter-2


The plane ride seems much longer than I anticipated. For most of it, I feel restless, my legs twitching and shaking. I try to sleep, but guilt keeps me awake. I can't stop thinking about Candus and how I didn't protect her. I think about drinking, even though I knew I shouldn't have done it. I think about Tesla.
I wish God would strike down the plane. I don't deserve life.
When I get off, I find people from the church waiting for me. The airport is open and warm, and tropical air greets me. I love this air. The humidity wraps me up and holds me tight. Usually, this is the best part of landing, knowing I made it to the island, but I can't rejoice. I hurt so badly.
Three leis drape my neck. The people from the church seem nice enough. If they knew what a sinner I was, they would send me back. I wish my Ohana would pick me up. I don't know when I will get a chance to see them. I am sure Dad told the church to keep my Ohana away from me, for they will lead me astray with their pagan ways. I don't think Dad had my Ohana to worry about. I am the one who would lead them away.
The first week in Hawaii was an exhausting blur. There was much to learn. I was given a dorm with three other girls. None of them were Polynesian, and all of them are skinny as can be. I thought living in Hawaii would make things easier, where I could let myself gain weight, but I was wrong. The girls in my dorm are incredibly vain and focus most of their spare time on makeup, clothes, and things like that. It's hard not to get sucked into their mentality. They aren't naturally gorgeous like Candus, but they look good. I feel like the ugly duckling with them. Why couldn't' I have been put with any other girls.
I am quiet here—more than usual. I want to make friends, but I know my sins and don't feel like I belong. My peers all seem pure, unadulterated. I am a fraud.
I miss my parents so bad. I can't believe how strongly it affects me to be away. If I returned home after the school year, this wouldn't be as hard. Dad will never come visit me in Hawaii. I don't understand his bias against the state. He served a very honorable mission here, and yet he acts like it's Satan's home.
It's the third week, and school has started. My classes are a mixture of regular academics and training courses for my mission. They keep us after school, and by the time I return to the dorm, it's 7 pm. I am kept exhaustingly busy, and there isn't time for exercise. When I do return to the dorm, I have to do homework. I eat all meals at the cafeteria. They are heavy meals packed with calories. I try to have restraint, but I end up loading my plate way more than I should. I am dying to see a scale, but there is none around. I fear I will balloon out by the end of September.
"Can I sit with you?" A Polynesian boy asks.
I look up. A noodle clings to my cheek. Embarrassed, I wipe it away. I have avoided boys. They are only trouble. "I don't know why you want to." I am not sure why I said that.
The boy wrinkles his brow. "Why wouldn't I?" He pulls out a chair and sits right next to me. "Hi, my name is Trey."
"Lao'."
"Are you from here?" he asks.
"No," I bow my head in shame. "I am from the states."
"Well, welcome. Is this your first time in Hawaii?"
"No. I have family here."
"All my family is here. I have never left Hawaii. I would love to."
"Have you gone to the other islands?" I ask, intrigued.
"Nope. Just here. I believe we have four classes together."
"Oh." I hadn't noticed. I have kept to myself.
"Are you homesick?" he asks.
"No." A lie.
"You seem sad," he says.
Wow, he isn't afraid to be blunt. Sadness consumes my every moment, but I won't share that with a total stranger. "I am trying to take it all in. The school is different. The mission is a lot of work. I guess I am solemn."
"Is there anything I can do to help?"
I look at Trey. He is not the most handsome boy ever, but he is decent with his large Polynesian frame. It doesn't' matter. I am done with boys, and besides, he has a stretched out face with a considerable amount of acne.
For most of us who live in the dorms, we meet here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The food is tastier than I would like it to be. My clothes are getting tight, but I don't have the will to stop eating. I've noticed seven different groups here. They probably have known each other their whole lives. Then there are the stragglers who sit alone like me. I have always been in a group my entire life, but now I don't deserve one.
"Do you dance?" He asks.
"What do you mean?"
"I realize some members don't dance, and others do. My family feels passionate about keeping family dances alive, like the hula. We are going to a nursing home this weekend, and my sister twisted her ankle. Would you like to take her place?"
"Who all is going?"
"Just my family."
"I don't know. I am not very good. Actually, I am awful. I learned a little hula this year, but I suck." I pick at my chicken nuggets. This time they are soggy, and I struggle to finish them, which is a good thing. I don't need them."
How come you don't know hula?"
"Because my dad is conservative. He doesn't believe in it."
"That's too bad."
"Yeah, my dad is white. He doesn't understand the Polynesian ways."
"Do you think your dad would mind if you helped us? It's a noble cause. We will be bringing joy to the elderly.
"I no longer have to care about what Dad thinks. I am on my own. I will make my own decisions now, not Dad. Even though I suck, I want to join Trey, solely for the reason to defy Dad. Now, I won't have to sneak around to do it. This day marks the beginning of my new freedom.
"If you don't mind that I suck, sure, I will join."
"Only if it's okay with your dad."
"He isn't here. I don't have to ask him."
"Thou shalt honor thy mother and thy father. I won't feel right about taking you unless you call him and get his permission."
"Okay." His virtue reminds me of Brad. Actually, he seems like a mixture of Brad and Marcus.
I remember my time at the nursing home with Brad and Virtue, how they loved the elderly. Maybe I can be like them. Perhaps, this will help me learn their same love and compassion.
"Great, I will pick you Sunday at 5 pm."
"You have a car?" I miss my car. I had to leave it with my parents. Dad promised it would be waiting for me when I return, but I am not coming back.
"Yeah. I live at home, and I have a car, well, it's not my car, it's the family car. But, it works.
"I wish I could live with my Ohana. I don't think islanders realize how lucky they are.
"Actually, can I pick you up at noon? My family is going to have lunch at the beach and play games. Plus, this will give you a chance to learn our hula."
"Is this a date?"
"Um, I guess," he looks away, suddenly shy.
Darkness overshadows me. Trey is a male, and I am done with men. Tesla scarred me, and I will never recover. Besides, I don't want Trey to see me in a swimsuit.
"Just meet me in the main foyer."
I want to decline, but I don't. Maybe I won't show up.
Despite my trepidation, I meet Trey at the foyer. He is in island shorts and no top. He seems better looking than I remember. I have stuffed my ugly self into a swimsuit, but I have covered up with a sarong. The sarong makes me look extra fat. Why did I agree to come?
"Did you get your dad's permission?" he asks as I crawl into the front seat of his car. It's a smart car. If he has a big family, only a few would fit in.
"Yeah," I say, lying.
The beach we go to isn't crowded. "This is a native beach," he says. "You won't see many tourists over here."
"I am not native," I say in shame.
"You are to me."
I like his comment. I haven't hit the beach since I came. Emotions overwhelm me as I walk on the warm sand. The waves beat against the shore, creating erythematic sounds. Birds fly overhead, singing songs of greeting, and the hot sun warms my face and neck. I want to take my sarong off, but I am too self-conscious. The green of the trees and bushes are far lusher than can be found anywhere in the states. For the first time on the island, I relax and allow myself to feel the magic of Hawaii.
We join with a huge group, all his family. I am taken back by the women. Every single one of them are huger than Makuahine. They wear their bathing suits without a care in the world. This is what I have wanted. This is what I need.
It's hard to do, but I take my sarong off. I expose my flesh to all around, and no one cares. No one here would think I am fat. Maybe I am not.
We spend the afternoon playing games and learning the hula. I stink at it, but everyone seems happy to have me around. I have found home.
Trey seems intrigued by me. He wants to spend all our free time together. He signs up on every committee and project I am on. I like Trey, but I hold back. I don't flirt. That part of me died at the party. What I do like about Trey is he doesn't touch me. He has never held my hand or tried to get me to kiss him. He keeps a healthy boundary between us.
Trey is extremely religious. He meets with me every night for bible study. I don't want to do it, but I am a sinner, and I have to make things right with God.
Trey loves God. He never stops talking about him. He devotes everything he has to God. I like Trey's way of worship. I think he loves God more than Dad does. Dad is ultra-religious, but he does it for show. Trey isn't a fanatic like Dad, but he is sincere with everything he does
.We spend the weekends together. Friday, we hang out with his family. Saturday, we attend church with the academy, and Sunday, Trey takes me to my Ohana.
I can't believe how amazing it is to be around my Ohana again. Peace and joy overcome me whenever I am with them. I can't help but cry. When they learned I was here, they threw me a luau, roasting a pig just for me.
I spend very little time with my roommates. I try not to let their Western ways get to me. I stop wearing makeup because Trey said I looked more beautiful without it. When I am with his or my Ohana, I feel real, and I don't feel fat.
I have gained weight since I have been here. I don't have a scale, nor do I want one. But, I have gone up three pant sizes. It still hurts my feelings because such thinking is deeply ingrained in me, but I try not to let it. I no longer count calories or purge on purpose, but I think I am defective.
I feel sick all the time. And even though I don't willfully purge, I am always nauseous, and my body forces me to puke. I think I have been purging for so long that my body is dependent on it. I hope the healthier I get, the less I will involuntarily puke.
"I know we have only known each other for two months, but I feel like you are my soul companion," Trey says to me. We are at the beach, sprawled out on a blanket. Even now, he keeps a healthy space between us.
His words startle me. I don't know if I feel the same about him. The old me would have. I would have fallen head over heels with him, but not now, not after what happened at the party. Instead, I keep a wall up, blocking him out. Yes, I enjoy his company, but I can't let him in. He can't know the real me -the dirty me.
"I would like it if you were my girl and didn't date anyone else." I hadn't dated anyone else. "If things work out, I would like to marry you after graduation and spend the next five years serving across the country doing missionary work together as husband and wife."
Wooh! Slow down! Shocked, I don't know what to say. He is a good man. I want to love him, but I can't, not right now.
"I can't be your girl." I don't look at him.
A dad next to us is building a sandcastle with his two daughters. They have skill, and the castle looks lifelike. The girls are almost identical, only separated by age. One is taller and more mature looking but still practically identical. They seem comfortable with each other. The dad picks up the smaller girl and spins her in a circle. I wish I were close to Dad. I miss him and despise him at the same moment.
Trey looks crushed. Utterly crushed. It hurts me. I have caused him that pain.
"Is there something I have done wrong?" He has tears running down his face.
"No. It's me." "What can I do to bring happiness to you?"
"You make me happy, but I could never make you happy. I have problems. I am not who you think."
"I am a pretty good judge of character, and I see only goodness in you. Why else would you leave your parents to come serve a mission for the Lord?"
His words drive the guilt in because I am only here for selfish reasons. I am here for me, not God.
"I don't want to scare you away. Lao', you are very special to me. I won't mention this again. But, so you know, I will remain loyal to you. I will not date any other woman. And if the time is right, you feel the same way, please let me know."
I want to hug him, but I don't dare. He is a good man. Love for him pours inside me. He is everything good and decent. I want to love him entirely, but I don't deserve him. He needs a woman who has never sinned.


*The Pathway of Light* Chapter-3


"I know we have only known each other for two months, but I feel like you are my soul companion," Trey says to me. We sprawl out on a blanket at the beach. Even now, he keeps a healthy space between us.
His words startle me. Trey has become very special to me. I think I can honestly say I love him. I have been attracted to boys since I can remember. When I was born in the hospital, I rolled over in my basinet to the male baby next to me and said, "Hey baby!" I adore boys and have always had a crush or ten going on, but things feel different with Trey. My attachment to him is healthy and robust. He means more to me than anyone else in the world.
"I would like it if you were my girl and didn't date anyone else." I hadn't dated anyone else. "If things work out, I would like to marry you after graduation and spend the next five years serving across the country doing missionary work.
"I am in shock. I don't know what to say. He is a good man, but marriage? He is talking about subjects I don't want to think about until I graduate from college.
"Oh, Trey. I like you. No, I actually think I love you.”
He smiles and squeezes my hands. "I love you too." This is the first time he has touched me.
"I want to spend time with you and wouldn't mind even serving some missions with you, but marriage isn't something I can think about right now. I am too young for that. I am sorry.
"Trey looks sad, and it breaks my heart. I want to accept his proposal to make him happy, but it would be the wrong thing to do.
"If I have to wait then I will. I will remain loyal to you. I will not date any other women. And if the time is right, you feel the same way, please let me know.
"I want to hug him, but I don't dare. He is a good man. Love for him pours in. He is everything good and decent. Maybe one day he will be my husband, but he will be my good friend for right now.
Life is turning out way better than I could have ever imagined. Trey takes me to see my Ohana every other weekend. We still spend lots of time together, but I date other boys. Trey doesn't like it, but he doesn't stop caring for me.
It relives me not to have the eating disorder anymore. I still suffer from its hold on me, but not as bad. It has helped me to keep all of Raven's teachings in my heart. I turn to his words often when I feel bad about myself. It also helps being around a culture that values all sizes, especially large. It's unfortunate how the United States demoralizes women and makes them feel they have to be skinny and pretty to be of any value. I don't ever plan on returning there.
I have devoted a lot of time to school and am on the high honor roll. It makes a huge difference to succeed when I have adequately nourished myself, and I don't have my eating disorder getting in the way and talking up my time and energy.
Brad called me the other day. I was surprised to hear his voice. He is doing well. I sure miss him.
He filled me in the details of how his life was going. He told me about his father's death, and I shared some tears with him. His dad was a good man and I know Brad adored him. Virtue was doing well. He said he ran into Candus and she was also doing well.
He told me he hasn't seen Tesla, but it was a good thing I didn't go to his party. Reportedly, the party had been wild and out of control. The place was one large sinning pot where anyone could get or do anything they wanted. Preston from work had a friend who went and died of an overdose. Tesla had snuck into his grandma's money, and unbeknownst to her, she had funded the whole thing. When the party was over, Tesla used the same funds to professionally clean the mess his friends had made. The mansion had damage he couldn't fix, and he confessed to his grandma he had a "little" work party that had gotten slightly out of hand. She was angry, but without knowing what really happened, quickly forgave him.
I loved listening to Brad's voice. I closed my eyes and pretended we were in the same room together. I hadn't realized how much I missed him, but I had. He had been special to me at one time. I missed the tramp park, and I missed my friends.
I thought more about the party. I am glad I didn't go. During that time, the sin was such a luring temptation to me. I badly wanted a night to walk on the wild side, but thankfully, I hadn't taken it. I am now closer to God than I ever have been. I have Raven to thank for most of that. He has given me the self-confidence and inspiration I needed to change. Also, I have nightly bible study with Trey. Now that no one forces me to go to church, I enjoy going. My life is amazing. I wonder what would have happened if I would have gone to the party and missed listening to Raven Star. I shuttered at the thought. I love who I have become. I say a prayer to God thanking him for directing me to the right path, the pathway of light.
