



Last Kiss in Venice: Eternal Love








Martin Chu Shui









Last Kiss in Venice: Eternal Love
Smashwords Edition



Copyright © 2012 Martin Chu Shui
Cover art © by Stephanie Mooney. All rights reserved.

All rights reserved. No part of the publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the publisher.

All characters, events and locations in this book are the author’s sole imagination, and any resemblance to the real persons, living or dead, real event or real locations re purely coincidental.







For my mother

献给我的母亲






Prologue

Sixth century, Er Mei Mountain, southwest China

Within the bamboo forest, a young scholar in his early twenties walked hurriedly up the mountain path, out of the deep, misty valley. He was about six feet tall and dressed in a long blue cotton robe, worn but clean, a sword hanging from his belt. On his back he carried a bamboo-framed backpack, books, a reverse-curved bow, and a guqin (a seven-stringed zither). 
Although it was early spring and the mountain wind still held a chill, his handsome face was red and sweaty after a few hours of walking on the ragged mountain paths. He used his sleeve to wipe the sweat off his face and stopped at a creek. 
Taking the bamboo backpack off, he kneeled down and greedily drank the crystal-clear mountain spring water. After adjusting some of the books in the backpack, he was about to return it to his back but stopped abruptly. Accompanied by an air-rending sound, a large eagle dived towards the short grass not far from where he stood. Turning quickly, he saw a white snake, about three feet long, hissing up at the death coming from the sky.
He had never seen a white snake in his life and didn’t know why he found himself sympathizing with its beauty and vulnerability. He had an urge to help it, to save it from the eagle’s talons, but by the time he had reached for his bow and arrows, the eagle had soared high with the limp body of the white snake in its sharp claws. 
Without a moment’s delay, he aimed at the rapidly rising bird of prey and shot three arrows in quick succession. The first two arrows missed, but the third pierced the bird’s large body. With an agonized cry, the eagle released the white snake and glided towards the other side of the misty valley.
The young scholar ran to where the white snake had landed, picked up its limp body and brought it to the creek. After carefully washing its wounds, he looked around and plucked a few herb leaves from beside him in the bamboo forest. He chewed the herb leaves in his mouth, put the herb paste onto the snake’s wounds and then tore a few pieces of cloth from the clothing in his backpack, bandaging the white snake gently. When he was done, he carefully laid the white snake on the soft green grass beside the creek and sat down. As he looked at the snake, his heart filled with sympathy and admiration for the creature.  
“I have never seen a white snake in my whole life, and I have to say, you are incredibly beautiful. Maybe you were a beautiful princess in your previous life, or you will be an elegant lady in a white dress in your next life. If we meet again in our next life, if we’re both in human form, I would definitely try to marry you at all costs: this is a promise.”
He looked around. Apart from a couple of giant pandas lazily chewing bamboo leaves nearby, there was not a single soul to be seen, so he continued. “I know you don’t understand my words, and don’t know why I am talking to you.” He gently stroked the snake’s body with his hand. “You must be in a lot of pain. I have applied medical herbs to your wounds, and you will be healed in a few days.”
To his surprise, the white snake raised its head, as if it understood his words.
“I see. Perhaps you know exactly what I mean.” He stood up, fetched his guqin, and sat beside the snake again. “Let me play for you. Perhaps the music will soothe your pain.”
He laid the seven-stringed zither on his lap. As his fingers pressed, plucked, and stroked the ancient instrument, tranquil sounds, each note perfectly crisp, filled the air around them. The music was like white clouds floating in a blue sky; like crystal-clear water flowing in mountain creeks; like a spring breeze wafting the green leaves of a willow tree. 
Time had stopped.
Everything—the misty valley, the giant pandas, the green bamboo forest, the wounded white snake, and the scholar himself—all melted into eternity: only the music filled the space and time…
Suddenly the sound disappeared.
The scholar raised his head, looking up at the high sky for a long time, and then said, “I have spent a decade studying, thinking, and cultivating myself, and I am on my way to the capital to attend the imperial examination.” He looked down at the white snake. “If I am successful, I can use my knowledge to help the poor, to cure the sick, to eliminate corruption, and to make the world a much better place for everyone.” 
His eyes were bright and sparkling; his voice was loud and clear; his heart was pumping strong and hard. 
The scholar paused and then looked at the sky. “It’s getting late, and I’d better get going.”
He picked up the white snake and hid it in a patch of thick grass so that the eagles in the sky wouldn’t be able to see it. 
“I truly enjoyed your company, and I thank you for listening to me. Take care, and I hope we meet again in our next life.”
The white snake slowly raised its head and, as if understanding his words, nodded.
The young scholar stood up, smiling once more at the white snake, and continued his long journey out of the deep mountain valley. 
1.	Youth Hostel

Charlie stood beside the stainless-steel counter, watching Amy chatting with a customer who was sitting on the bench waiting for his pizza, which was being cooked in the oven behind Charlie. Even with the air-conditioning running, he felt hot, both from the heat of the pizza oven and the sweltering day outside. It was early December in Perth, and the temperature had hovered at a scorching forty degrees for the last two weeks—a record for Western Australia.
He had been working in this pizza restaurant since graduating from university last year. If he added this with the time spent working here while he was at university, Charlie had almost five years of pizza-making experience under his belt. 
Business was slow. 
On a Sunday like today, anyone walking in the sizzling heat outside their homes to buy pizza in the equally hot restaurant had to have something mentally wrong with them. At least Charlie thought so. 
As soon as he saw his replacement, Helen, pull up in her pink Mini and park in front of the restaurant, Charlie said goodnight to Amy, whistling on his way out. 
The steering wheel of his car was too hot to hold, so he had to use the edges of his palms to touch it, and even then only when it was absolutely necessary. The air-conditioning in his twenty-year-old car was struggling to make any difference, so in the end Charlie just rolled his window down and let the hot air blow on his face.

Upon walking into the old two-bedroom sleepout house without air-conditioning, it was immediately apparent that the inside was almost as hot as outside. Charlie said hello to his sister’s husband, who was sprawled on the couch watching a cricket match between Australia and India; a few empty beer bottles lay on the floor around him. 
Charlie didn’t get a response. 
“Charlie, I’ll be going in a few minutes. I’m on the night shift. Are you alright?” his sister said, studying him carefully. 
Charlie’s sister Gina was a nurse and worked in a hospital.
“I’m perfectly fine, sis. Just a bit of heatstroke, nothing serious. Don’t worry about me; go and look after all the old and sick people.” Charlie paused. “Gina, by the way, I’m flying to Venice tonight.” He’d been putting off telling his sister because he knew she’d be upset.
“What? Venice? How can you afford a holiday in Europe? You don’t even have a job yet.”
“I work at the pizza restaurant.”
“Have you discussed this with Joe?”
“Joe is only interesting in drinking beer and watching sports on TV.” Charlie lowered his voice. “Gina, I’m twenty-two years old and have never been on a holiday in my life. I’ve saved enough money to take a cheap backpacking trip to Europe. Please let me go out and see the world.”
Charlie’s sister hesitated, glancing at her watch. “You should have told me earlier, so there was time to talk about this more…”
“You’d better go now; otherwise you’ll be late for work,” Charlie interrupted.
“But I haven’t had time to help you pack or get some extra money for you…”
“Gina, you’ve paid for everything until now; I can’t let you pay for my holiday as well. Please don’t worry. I’m a big boy now, and I can look after myself. I’ll bring you some souvenirs, I promise.” 
Charlie hugged his sister, and she left in a hurry to get to work.
Charlie knew he should have told his sister about his trip earlier. But he didn’t even feel a twinge of guilt for not telling her his real reason for going to Venice.

Charlie’s plane arrived in Venice at midday. 
After passing through customs, he took a waterbus to his hostel. As the motorboat took him through the large canal, Venice’s splendor took his breath away: water taxis, motorboats, and gondolas were busily moving up and down the spider web-like canals. The buildings standing in the seawater looked so mysterious that Charlie felt like he was in another world. 
Winter would normally be low tourist season in Venice, but because of the G8 meeting, he saw many young protesters like him jammed into the cheap hostels. He realized he was lucky to get a bed.  
Soon after dropping his luggage on his allocated bed, Charlie acquired a local map and launched into his adventure of discovering Venice. 
Charlie loved the narrow stone-paved footpaths and the countless arch bridges that spanned the canals. Despite the map in his hand, he lost his way inside the narrow, maze-like streets and canals not long after departing from his hostel. 
Struggling to figure out where he was and failing, he finally gave up and just followed the groups of hundreds of other tourists enjoying what this ancient city could offer.
The weather should have been cold in Venice just before Christmas, but the temperature was in the upper twenties, making it the hottest December in Europe’s history. It was for this exact reason that Charlie was there—to protest against the global warming, corporate greed, and globalization during the G8 meeting. 
Colorful masks, Venice’s trademark, were displayed inside the shop windows along the footpaths. From a large window on the narrow street, Charlie bought a piece of pizza, although it cost him a few euros and put a significant dent in his tiny travel budget. Just one bite was enough to prove that real Italian pizza was way better than anything he had produced back home in that little restaurant.  
Many young tourists had come here for the same reason as him, so by simply following others, Charlie reached San Marco Square, where the protest would be held tomorrow.

After dinner the next day, Charlie sat in the hostel foyer, reading a book. 
“Do you mind if I sit here?”
Charlie looked up and noticed an Asian-looking guy in his early thirties with short hair and an athletic body. The first thing that popped into Charlie’s mind was that he was in the military. He was about six feet tall, similar to Charlie himself. 
Charlie nodded and went back to his book.
“From the protest today?” The stranger pointed at the bruises on Charlie’s face.
“Yeah, souvenirs from Italian police officers’ batons,” Charlie said.
The stranger looked around the lobby. “You are not alone.” He waited and then put his hand out. “I’m James. Not James Bond, though. James Li.”
“Charlie.” Charlie put his book down and shook James’ hand.
 “Charlie, I have to say, I do admire you guys, fighting for what you believe,” James said.
“Thanks. What brings you here?”
“I just came here to have a quick look after a business trip in France.”
“Where are you from? Japan or Hong Kong?”
“I am from China, and you?”
“I’m from down under, the pink bottom.” Charlie laughed at his own joke.
“Pink bottom?”
“You don’t know?” Charlie stopped chuckling. “Australia is at the bottom of the world map, and it’s always colored pink.”
“Oh, I see, so you are an Aussie.”
“You bet, mate.”
“Can I buy you a drink, Charlie?”
“I don’t drink.”
“Really? Come on, just this once.”
Charlie’s brother-in-law, Joe, had been drunk pretty much every day as long as Charlie could remember. Charlie was disgusted by alcohol for that exact reason; he didn’t know why he would agree and follow the stranger to a pub tonight—but he did.
They talked and talked; as the conversation continued, the number of empty beer bottles built up around them. Charlie asked in slightly slurred voice, “James, what do you believe?”
“I believe that all evil monsters in this world should be destroyed.”
“Are you going to fight for what you believe?” 
“Absolutely!”

Charlie opened his eyes and saw the wooden planks of the bunk bed over his head. He couldn’t remember when or how he’d got to bed; last night he and this stranger, James, from China, as he recalled, drank and talked until very late.
A sudden bolt of alarm shot through his mind. 
He quickly fumbled inside his money belt and was relieved that his passport, money, and credit card were all in order. He had heard stories that fellow travelers stole from each other, but James seemed like a good guy.
Charlie sat up with a splitting headache. Last night had been the first time Charlie had ever gotten drunk, and he felt ashamed of himself. 
After sitting on his bed a little longer, Charlie decided that it was a one-time incident and would not happen again, not least for one specific reason—he didn’t have the money to buy alcohol. Last night, James had paid for all the drinks. Let’s face it: how many people would offer him free drinks every day?
Glancing at his watch, Charlie realized it was well after lunchtime and another protest was arranged for that afternoon, so he had to be hurry. After quickly taking a shower and changing his clothes, he rushed out of the hostel.

It was overcast.
Walking quickly along the narrow streets among the ancient buildings and crossing the bridges over the canals, Charlie hurried towards San Marco Square.
The ancient city looked amazing; every scene he happened to glance at would make a perfect postcard photo. Charlie let himself get lost in the scenic streets, spotting arch bridges and squares with water fountains every so often, just enjoying the brief moments before having to face the police batons.
Charlie reached an arch bridge, one of hundreds spanning Venice’s canals. It was not that much different from all the others—except for something that made Charlie stop beside it: the two girls standing on top of the bridge.
A girl with long blonde hair wearing a pure white dress caught his eye. When their gazes met, Charlie felt like he’d been struck by lightning. He felt his heart skip a beat. He was spellbound by the girl’s blue eyes.
Her flowing white dress created the unmistakable impression of an angel just descending from heaven to earth. But what struck Charlie most was her eyes, which looked like perfect, still blue lakes. Charlie wanted to get lost in them for eternity.  
Charlie had seen beautiful girls before, but he’d never experienced such a shock in his twenty-two years of life. He couldn’t stop wondering how such a perfect creature could actually exist on earth. She was like a piece of exquisite art that purified his eyes and his soul. Charlie knew in his heart that he had fallen in love with her the moment his eyes met hers.
Their eye contact was brief, and she looked away almost immediately, but Charlie thought he saw her smiling at him before her gaze moved away. Of course, that smile was probably wishful thinking; there was no chance a girl as beautiful as her would pay any attention to a guy like him. 
But Charlie just could not tear his gaze away from the white figure.
“Sir, would you like a gondola ride?”
Charlie turned and saw a gondola pulled up beside him.
“I agree she is very beautiful.” The gondola operator spoke with a strong Italian accent.  “Maybe you could invite her to ride my gondola.”
Charlie realized how silly he must look, staring at a strange girl with his jaw dropped to the ground. “In your dreams, mate,” Charlie said, finally finding his voice.
“You can have the blonde girl and I’ll have the black-haired one.”
Charlie took a closer look at the girl standing beside the blonde girl. She wore a bluish-green top and a dark green skirt and had beautiful southern European features. Unlike her friend’s warm, angelic face, she gave off an icy demeanor. Her black eyes seemed almost able to see through you.  Charlie said in a low voice, “Mate, neither of us has any chance.”
“My name is Rico,” he said, maneuvering his gondola to the canal bank and extending his hand to Charlie.
“Hi Rico, I’m Charlie.”
Charlie couldn’t help but turn around and look at the blonde girl. The two girls were walking down the bridge towards the gondola idling on the other side of the canal; it seemed that they were interested in taking a gondola ride.
“Hurry up and invite them over before they get on the other gondola,” Rico urged.
 “I’m not going to invite either them or myself to ride your gondola. I have to go to San Marco Square.”
“I can take you to San Marco Square. It is faster to go through the canals than to walk.”
Charlie was about to refuse but was interrupted by the sound of an argument. Turning around, Charlie saw two young Italian men standing in front of the two girls, seemingly arguing with them. 
“Rico, could you please wait here? I’m going to invite the two girls to ride your gondola.” 
2.	Gondola

Caitlin stopped on top of the bridge and said to Alice, “This should be the bridge.”
Alice looked in all directions, even peeking under the bridge. “I don’t see anyone around.”
“Please be patient. I’m able to predict only a rough time, but I’m sure the location is correct.”
“All right, Cait. During the last ten…” 
Caitlin stopped Alice from saying more and instead began using their special “sister-talk,” which enabled them to talk to each other telepathically. ‘Ali, don’t say it in public. You never know who is listening.’
‘Okay,’ Alice said, switching to their sister-talk. ‘During the last ten years, you’ve made this prediction a few times. How do you know this time is right?’
‘I know that I’ve made a few mistakes in the past, but this time I have a feeling—a very strong feeling—this is it.’
‘Cait, I know you don’t want to listen to this, but the last few times I think you should have been more patient and given the poor guys more of a chance. You never know if one of them might be the one. You just walked away after only glancing at them once.’
‘I know exactly what I am looking for, so what’s the point in hanging around after I already knew they weren’t him?’
Alice nodded her chin towards a nearby man. ‘Could this guy be him, the one walking on the left?’
Cait immediately shook her head. ‘No.’
‘Do you know what he looks like?’
‘No, I don’t.’ Cait let out a small huff of impatience.
‘So how do you know who it is?’
‘I will know him when I see him.’
As time passed, Alice became more and more agitated. ‘I don’t think we will see him today.’ 
Just then, Caitlin bumped her sister’s elbow. ‘Look at the guy standing on the other side of the canal. It’s him.’
Alice turned. He was about six feet tall and had an athletic build. He wore a white t-shirt and blue jeans. Under his dark brown hair, a pair of bright eyes were glued to Caitlin’s face, as if he was under some sort of spell. 
‘Cait, are you sure he is the one?’
‘Yes, I am very sure.’
‘But he’s not even Chinese.’
‘Who said that he had to be Chinese? He at least looks half-Chinese, which is more Chinese than us,’ Caitlin said, stroking her long blonde hair.
‘We chose to look like this, but…’
‘He had no say in what he looks like.’
‘I don’t like the way he’s staring at you; it’s disgusting.’
‘Ali, he falls in love with me at first sight.’ Caitlin stole another glance at the handsome young man as she spoke softly and dreamily.
‘Well, what are you going to do now? Go and talk to him?’
‘No, I’ll never do that.’
‘Cait, you’re not in China, and you look completely European, so behave like a European girl.’
‘Ali, you know very well that even with blonde hair and blue eyes, inside I’m still a Chinese girl—a very traditional one at that.’
‘He is talking to the gondola guy now. It looks like he’s going on a gondola ride. Maybe he’s not the one after all.’
‘Hurry up; we need to get a gondola, too, so we can keep an eye on him before we lose him.’
‘I have to say, this is the first time you’ve ever been so interested in a man, so he must be somewhat special.’
Caitlin and Alice walked down the bridge towards a nearby gondola. Before they reached it, two young Italian men blocked their way.
“Hi babe, want to ride with me?” one of them said.
“I don’t think so,” Alice snapped.
“Why not? You two beautiful girls are a perfect match for us two handsome guys. I promise you’ll have a good time,” the other one said.
“Leave us alone! We’re not interested,” Alice said sharply.
“Well, in that case, you’ll have to find another gondola, because we had this one first.”
Alice was so angry that she wanted to punch him in the face, but Caitlin said, “Let’s go find another one.” Then she heard someone say, “Hi ladies, you’re welcome to take this gondola.”
Caitlin turned. 
It was the young man she’d been looking at from the bridge. His voice was so sweet that she could feel herself melting. She couldn’t help but smile at him. “That’s very kind of you.”
Charlie accompanied the two girls to the boat. When Caitlin and Alice were on board, he said, “Enjoy the ride.”
Caitlin didn’t realize he hadn’t planned to ride with them. She quickly asked Alice through their sister-talk to invite Charlie on board with them. 
Alice hesitated for a moment and said, “Thanks for the help. Would you like to ride with us?”
“If you don’t, Charlie, I’ll have the two girls to myself,” Rico said.
“I would love to.” Charlie stepped onto the gondola.

“Hi, I’m Alice, and this is my friend Cait.”
“Nice to meet you both. I’m…”
“Charlie,” Alice interrupted.
“How do you know my name?”
Alice rolled her eyes. “Didn’t he just call you ‘Charlie’ a second ago?”
While Alice and Charlie exchanged a few more words, Caitlin said nothing but watched him carefully. Although to an onlooker she appeared to simply be studying the young man sharing their gondola, she was actually having an animated conversation with Alice telepathically. 
‘Ali, he’s the one. Particularly his eyes, dreamy and weary, exactly as I remembered.’
Alice looked at Caitlin and then said to Charlie, “Charlie, I can smell alcohol all over you, and you have bruises on your face, arms, and hands. Did you get drunk last night and get into a fight?”
Charlie looked at Caitlin briefly and then turned to Alice. “No, I didn’t get into a fight with anybody. The bruises are from Italian police officers’ batons, from the protest yesterday. I did have a couple of beers with a friend last night.”
 “What’s this protest?” Alice asked.
“It’s the protest against the G8 meeting in San Marco Square,” Rico said.
Alice ignored Rico. “I’m asking you, Charlie.”
“Oh.” Charlie moved his gaze from Caitlin to Alice. “We’re protesting against globalization and global warming.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard that before, but who would listen to you? What’s the point?” Alice said.
“Even if I’m only able to persuade two or three people to recognize global warming as a real and dangerous problem, and if they are able to influence others, gradually more and more people will follow. The leaders of G8 will have to listen to us. It’s called one’s power.”
Alice heard Caitlin in her head. ‘He is talking in the exact same way as the one; Charlie has a big heart and is willing to fight for what he believes.’ 
Alice said, “I believe the G8 meeting is still happening, so why aren’t you protesting today?”
“I was on my way to San Marco Square when I met you two.”
Their gondola glided out of the narrow canal and into the main channel. A motorboat passed them, creating a wake, and their gondola rocked a bit. Caitlin suddenly lost her balance, and Charlie quickly grabbed her hand.
“Thanks, Charlie,” Caitlin said, speaking for the first time. “If you hadn’t grabbed me, I would have fallen into the water.”
“No problem, Cait.”
Alice stared at Caitlin and said via their sister-talk, ‘Well done, Cait, smart move.’ And then she heard the reply. 
‘Ali, he held my hand. It felt exactly the same as his touch.’

The rest of the gondola ride was cheerful and relaxing. Rico acted as a tour guide, telling them all about the old buildings they passed and the bridges they went under. 
Each time the gondola changed direction or Rico pointed at a building, Charlie used the opportunity to steal a glance at Caitlin. It was not only her beauty that enchanted him; Charlie felt like they had an unknown connection, a deep bond linking them together in some mythical way. Maybe it was just his imagination, but Charlie noticed that Caitlin was looking at him as well. 
Unfortunately, the ride finished too soon, and they arrived at San Marco Square. 
The protest had already started, as was evident by the shouting, screaming, police cars, and ambulance sirens. Charlie looked at Caitlin and then Alice. “I have to go to the protest. What are you doing now?”
Before Caitlin could open her mouth, Alice said, “We have an appointment; we have to leave now.”
Caitlin smiled.  “Thank you so much for the ride. It’s my best experience in Venice so far.” She shook Charlie’s hand and walked away, following Alice’s lead.
“Will I see you again?” Charlie said behind them.
Caitlin turned. “You never know; it’s a small world. Goodbye, Charlie.”

Caitlin watched Charlie walking towards his hostel after the protest. He had more bruises on his faces and arms, his clothes were wet from the water cannons, and his t-shirt was torn, but he looked happy. He was humming and almost danced all the way from San Marco Square to his hostel; it made her smile in her heart. She knew he seemed so happy because of her, because he’d fallen in love with her. 
Caitlin turned to Alice, who was walking beside her. “Are you sure he won’t see us following him?”
“Cait, what’s wrong with you? It’s you who cast this spell to cover our tracks. Even if he sees us, he’d only see two strangers and pay no attention to us at all.”
“I know that, but I’m just so nervous. I’m worried that I’ll blow this opportunity if he realizes who we are. Anyway, Ali, why did you want to leave him so abruptly? I could have arranged to meet him again tomorrow.”
 “Please don’t get mad at me,” Alice said. “I know when you get like this that your emotions rule your head and you can’t think properly. You can’t let him get to you like that. People don’t treasure things if they get them too easily. He will need to work harder to prove he deserves you.”
Caitlin was quiet for a few moments. “You’re right. I was being too rash. Thanks. You’re such a good friend.”
“You’re welcome. By the way, did you notice that something wasn’t quite right with the two young Italian guys earlier?”
“I noticed the minute they came near us. They are vampires.”
“Really? But I thought vampires couldn’t come out in the daylight.”
“It’s the sunlight that hurts them. But remember how cloudy it was?  They can go out when it’s totally overcast.”
“Do you think they were after you?”
“I think so. It’s my fault for choosing this face and attracting too much unwanted attention.”
“Cait, the only fault is within yourself, and you can’t control that. It doesn’t matter what you look like; you would always have charm and beauty no one else has. What about changing your appearance so they won’t recognize you?”
“No, I can’t do that,” she said, shaking her head. “Otherwise it’d drive Charlie away and I’d lose him forever.”
“Cait, calm down. You don’t know for sure that he is the one.”
“I’m absolutely sure.”
Alice watched Charlie walk into the hostel. “What now?”
“We keep watching him and see what happens.” 
3.	Bridge

‘What is he doing? Why isn’t he going to the protest today?’ Alice said silently through their sister-talk the next day.
Caitlin and Alice followed Charlie through narrow streets and over bridges until finally he stopped at the bridge where they had taken the gondola the day before.
‘I suppose he decided to take a day off,’ Caitlin said. Looking at Charlie’s pained and depressed expression, she said to Alice, ‘I think he’s hoping to see me again, the poor thing.’
‘So much for his big heart and fighting for what he believes in. After only two days, he’s already given up what he came to Venice for,’ Alice said.
‘Ali, he’s in love with me. Look at him; he’s just sitting there in pain and misery.’
‘Yeah, I can see that, but I have to say, he’s not a very ambitious guy. Typical scholar, weak and easily depressed,’ Alice said.
‘He’s very sensitive, and the reason he is depressed is because he loves me. I don’t need a strong man to protect me, and I really don’t care if he’s ambitious either. All I want is a man who loves me,’ Caitlin said.
‘I don’t know why I am so negative towards him.’ Alice thought for a moment. ‘I suppose it may be because you’ve been talking about him for such a long time. I’ve sort of built very high expectations, but we all know that reality is quite different from the ideal world. Anyway, I’m glad that you like him. That’s the most important thing.’
Caitlin looked at Alice. ‘I can’t just stand here and watch him suffering and waiting hopelessly.’
‘Cait, please be patient. Just think about how long you’ve waited to meet him. If he manages to wait for a couple more days, I’ll agree to let you meet him again.’


Charlie sat on the stone steps, in exactly the same spot where he had seen Caitlin for the first time. He had been sitting there and waiting hopelessly for the last three days and didn’t really know what he expected to achieve by doing so. 
Since the gondola ride, Charlie couldn’t get Caitlin’s image out of his mind. He had no appetite and little interest in anything else. The only thing that gave him comfort was sitting on the bridge where Caitlin had once stood.
Over and over in his mind, Charlie went through every moment of his short time with Caitlin. What had he done wrong? Maybe he should have insisted on giving her his email so there was at least a chance, no matter how small, that she might contact him.
Charlie was sure that Caitlin had smiled at him when she left. Maybe she was just being polite? It was pretty unlikely for a girl like Caitlin to be interested in a guy like him, especially at first sight.
Was this the true love he had read about in novels, watched in movies, and heard in songs? Were his sinking stomach and painfully twisting heart signs that he was falling in love? Charlie didn’t know; all he knew was that he could still hear her sweet voice, see her beautiful eyes, and feel the touch of her skin, all in his mind.  
He’d been lucky that the previous two days were sunny, but it was not so today. Although he held an umbrella above his head, his clothes were completely drenched, but he hardly noticed it.
“Hi, Charlie. So, you’re still here.” Rico rowed his gondola close to the edge of the canal.
Charlie didn’t answer, still staring at the empty bridge.
“You’re soaked, Charlie. Come on, I’ll give you a free ride back to your hostel.”
Charlie finally turned his gaze away from the bridge. He forced a bitter smile. “Thanks, Rico. I’ll be okay.”
Rico shook his head and slowly rowed away.

‘Ali, you shouldn’t make it rain like this.’
‘Today started with an overcast sky. I merely helped a bit to coax the raindrops down.’
‘This is ridiculous. I can’t let Charlie sit out in the rain. He’s completely wet.’ Caitlin began to walk over, but Alice stopped her.
‘Cait, did you notice the two vampires lurking around?’
‘Where?’
‘Over in the corner of the piazza.’
‘Sorry, I didn’t notice them,’ Caitlin said. ‘All of my attention has been on Charlie.’
‘I think they want to follow Charlie, hoping to get to you.’
Caitlin thought for a few minutes. ‘You’re right; we have to wait and see what happens. I just feel so sorry for poor Charlie being wet and cold and sitting in the rain.’
‘It’s his choice.’

The sky was getting dark. 
Charlie finally stood up. He looked around; there was nobody to be seen in the cold wind and drizzling rain. He put his head down and walked towards his hostel. After crossing the bridge and entering the piazza, he heard a voice behind him. 
“Stop! I want to talk to you.”
Charlie turned around and saw the two young Italian men from the other day. “Hi, guys, I’m not a rich tourist. Here’s my wallet.”
“Who do you think we are, a couple of street thugs here to rob you?” the taller one said. 
“So, what can I do for you?” Charlie glanced around at the still-empty streets.
“Three days ago, we met a blonde on that bridge. You shared a gondola ride with her. Tell me where she is now,” the shorter one said with menace in his voice.
Charlie couldn’t believe his ears; these two guys were after Caitlin. 
“Stay away from her!”
“You have no idea who you’re talking to…” the taller one said.
“I don’t care who you are. Just leave her alone,” Charlie interrupted him. “Otherwise…”
“What can you do? Eh?” The taller one stopped, suddenly turning around.
Charlie looked to see what the tall man was looking at and saw two figures walking quickly towards them. In moments, he was able to see the white figure more clearly—Caitlin.  In the blink of an eye, Caitlin and Alice were standing in front of him.
Charlie turned, glancing at the two Italian guys once more, and shouted, “Run! These two guys are after you.” He turned and faced the two Italian guys, his fists raised. 
“Bring it on.” 
The taller one lifted his hand and slapped Charlie in the face. 
Even though Charlie was in a fighting posture, the attack was too fast for him to react; he felt like he’d been hit by a large wooden club. Before losing consciousness, Charlie managed to croak,
“Run…” and then he fell into darkness. 
4.	Meetings 

Shanghai, China

The people sitting around the meeting room’s large oval table were dressed quite unusually. Among the black-suited officials there were a few long-haired Taoist priests, both male and female, and Buddhist monks and nuns with shaved heads. 
Outside the floor-to-ceiling window, Shanghai’s night view spread out spectacularly, but no one in the room was interested in the view. Everyone’s attention was on the large flat-screen TV, where a bold man in his late fifties was addressing a group speaking French-accented English; a young Chinese interpreter was translating his words into Chinese.  
“Last night in Venice, two people were reported killed, but according to our information, these two dead people were not human—they were vampires.” The French man paused and then said, “This is the first time vampires have been found in Europe in ten years.”
“Mr. Bevis, I understand that you have been hunting these vampires for a very long time, and it’s good news that you have this new lead. So, what can the Chinese branch do to assist the European branch in this matter?” the black-suited official at the head of the table said.
“I appreciate your kind offer to help, Chairman Tan. The main reason I’m holding this video conference is because the two vampires appear to have been killed by someone with oriental magic power, so we suspect it may relate to the old case ten years ago.”
“Do you mean that the two vampires could have been killed by the fugitives from China who escaped to Europe ten years ago?” Chairman Tan asked.
“Yes. That’s what we all agreed on this end.”
The meeting room erupted in discussion as everyone in attendance began talking at once about this revelation. Chairman Tan put his hands up to signal everyone to be silent. 
“Mr. Bevis, what can we do to help?”
“I would like to borrow one of your field agents to assist us here in Europe.”
“No problem. Coincidentally, we happen to have an agent in Europe at the moment. I’ll inform him about this new arrangement and ask him to report to you directly, but I would also like to be kept in the loop.”
Naples, Italy

In a windowless hall illuminated by many candles, a large group of men and women dressed in old-fashioned but luxurious robes and dresses gathered in front of an elder, who sat on a large throne.
“Mr. Mancini, last night two of ours were killed in Venice,” a man with a beard said.
“Venice?” The tall elder stood up. “Who authorized them to go to Venice?”
“Nobody authorized them without your permission,” the bearded man replied. He waited and said carefully, “According to my source inside the council, they were killed by someone with oriental power.”
“What should we do, Father?” a young and beautiful girl in the crowd asked.
“We stay put, as we have been doing for the last ten years. No one should go out without my personal permission. Is that clear?”
“Yes, Mr. Mancini!” the crowd responded.
“But we can’t just stay put forever,” the bearded man said.
The elder shot the bearded man a sharp look that made him quake. “Do you dare to question my decision?”
“Not at all, Mr. Mancini,” the bearded man said, kneeling immediately.
The elder scanned the crowd slowly and then said, “I have a duty to ensure our family’s survival. The European council has been hunting us for the last ten years, since they invented their special guns. Now someone with oriental power is also after us, so we have to be patient. One of our advantages is that we have plenty of time. We must wait until we find ways to fight against their super-weapons, and then we will avenge our dead fellows.”
5.	Hotel Room

Alice led the way through the stone-paved streets along the canal bank. Behind her, Caitlin held Charlie in her arms. It would be amazing to an onlooker that Caitlin, with her slender frame, was able to carry Charlie’s six-foot-plus body so effortlessly. If Charlie were aware that Caitlin was transporting him as if he were no heavier than a feather pillow, he would look at her with completely different eyes. Luckily, however, Charlie was unconscious for the whole process.
They reached the corner of the street, where the canal formed a large square pond. Alice took out a hefty, ancient-looking iron key and opened the thick and equally old double wooden doors that led to a building that had stood in the seawater for many centuries. Dim electrical lighting illuminated wooden stairs. Caitlin walked up the stairs, careful to not bump Charlie’s head and limbs on the handrails. After a couple of flights of stairs, they finally opened another door and entered an apartment.
Caitlin laid Charlie flat on the single bed along the wall facing the canal and immediately examined his face again.
“Is he alright?” Alice asked.
Caitlin stood up. “He hasn’t changed since I checked him last time. He’ll be alright, but I need to apply some herbal medicine to his face to relieve his pain and the bruises.”
While helping to get the required items out of their suitcase, Alice said, “Sorry, Cait, I wasn’t fast enough to protect him.”
“It’s not your fault. I was right next to you. I should have anticipated that.” Caitlin took a bundle of long silver and gold acupuncture needles and inserted them one by one into various points on Charlie’s face, neck, shoulders, and arms.
“Nobody would imagine he could be so stupid as to take on those two vampires.” Alice passed some medicinal herb paste to Caitlin, who applied it to Charlie’s face where he had been struck by the vampire.
“He wasn’t being stupid; he was trying to protect us. I’m pretty sure he didn’t realize he was dealing with vampires.” Caitlin carefully bandaged Charlie’s face to keep the medicinal paste in place.
“Cait, you know that men always think they are able to protect women. But I bet if Charlie knew what he was dealing with, he would not have done what he did.”
Caitlin completed her task and straightened up. “I don’t know what Charlie would have done if he knew they were vampires, but he was still courageous, even if he only thought he was fighting against two street thugs.”
“I suppose you’re right,” Alice said thoughtfully. “I agree that he is somewhat special, thankfully.”
Caitlin carried over a chair and put it beside Charlie’s bed.
“I know we didn’t have a choice,” Alice said, “but killing the two vampires tonight…it will make our life in Europe much more difficult.”
Caitlin sat down, stroking Charlie’s hair gently, and then said, “We will leave Europe and live in Australia, with Charlie.”
“Australia? Cait, you haven’t even talked to him properly yet; how do you know that you’ll even like him?”
Caitlin leaned back on her chair. “I have never felt like this in my whole life; I know I have fallen in love with him. It’s my fate.”
“But Cait, do you think he’d still love you if he found out what we really are?”
“I don’t know. Please don’t say that and spoil my mood. It’s getting late; you should go to bed and have a good rest. Tomorrow we’ll take the train to Paris.”
“Let me stay with Charlie. You go get some sleep.”
“It’d be better for me to watch over him, just in case his condition changes during the night.”

Charlie opened his eyes. For a moment he had no idea where he was, and then he slowly remembered what had happened to him before he was knocked out. Using his hand to touch his cheek, he realized it was bandaged. Although there was no pain, the thick layer of paste inside the bandage made him feel weird. 
“Cait, Charlie has just woken up.” 
It was Alice’s voice. Charlie turned his head and saw Alice’s dark green skirt moving into his line of vision.
“What happened to me?” Charlie tried to sit up, but Alice stopped him. “You had better stay on the pillow for now. Cait will need to check you first.”
“Charlie.” Caitlin’s angelic face appeared in front of him. Her eyes were red-rimmed with exhaustion. She sat on the bed beside Charlie and laid her hand on his forehead. Then she held his wrist and put her index and middle fingers on his pulse, closing her eyes.
Charlie couldn’t move his eyes from Caitlin’s face. With her eyes closed, her long eyelashes formed half-moon shadows, and she looked so peaceful, like a pond of still autumn water. He didn’t know why that ancient Chinese expression burst into his mind at the moment, but it was the perfect way to describe her. Caitlin had a perfect face, like Miss World. Despite her European appearance, Charlie couldn’t help but see an oriental female’s charm in her. Maybe it was because of her quietness or her way of talking, walking, and sitting.
A couple more minutes passed, and Caitlin opened her eyes. She nodded to Alice and then smiled at Charlie. “It seems that you are fine. You can get up now, but let me take the bandage off you first.”

Standing up, Charlie had a quick look around. 
He was in a rather large room with a double and a single bed. A flowerpot with beautiful red and pink flowers sat on the little balcony outside the window. Through the window, he could see the canal.
Charlie looked back and forth between Caitlin and Alice. “Cait, could you please explain all of this to me? What happened to me last night?” he asked, sounding agitated.
“Please calm down and drink this first; it may taste a bit unusual, but it’s good for your recovery.” Caitlin passed a glass of greenish liquid to him.
“What is it?” Charlie asked and stared at the glass.
“Herbal medicine to help you relax,” Caitlin said gently.
Charlie sipped a tiny bit of the liquid; it tasted bitter but very refreshing, so he gulped the entire glass in one go.
“Last night, Ali and I happened to be walking past you in the piazza and saw the two thugs trying to rob you…” 
Charlie interrupted her. “No, Cait. They were the two Italian guys who argued with you about the gondola ride, and they were after you.”
Caitlin exchanged a look with Alice and then said, “If that’s the case, the situation could be much more complicated than we first thought.”
“What happened after I was knocked out?” Charlie asked.
“A police patrol happened to be passing by, so the two thugs ran away.” Caitlin looked into Charlie’s eyes for a few seconds. Just as Charlie felt as if he had gotten lost for an eternity in her deep blue eyes, she said, “Charlie, it was very brave, what you did last night.”
“Not really. I didn’t have time to think. I just wanted to protect you and Alice…”
 “It was very courageous of you to stand up against the thugs for us,” Alice said. “Cait and I know some self-defense called Tai Chi Kung Fu, and we are able to look after ourselves, so next time please don’t put yourself in danger to save us.”
“You girls really know Tai Chi Kung Fu?” Charlie shouted excitedly. 
“Yes, we do,” Caitlin said calmly. “It’s part of the training of Chinese traditional herbal medicine.”
“Wow, I didn’t know Chinese doctors are also good fighters.”
Alice rolled her eyes. “We learn Tai Chi Kung Fu not for fighting with others but to help heal people. The fighting part is just a by-product.”
“I see. Cait, how did you end up becoming a traditional Chinese medical doctor?” Charlie asked.
Caitlin hesitated a moment and then said, “A long time ago, when I was wounded badly, a traditional Chinese medical doctor saved my life by using herbal medicine. From then on, I decided to become a Chinese herbal medicine doctor myself.”
Alice glanced at her watch and then said, “I suggest that we hurry if we want to catch the train.”
“Are you going to leave?” Charlie looked panicked.
“Charlie,” Caitlin said slowly, “we have pre-booked train tickets to Paris. Now I know that the street thugs are after me, there is even less reason to stay here. You would be welcome to travel with us to Paris if you like, but of course you may already have your travel scheduled.”
“Thanks for inviting me to travel with you. I don’t have any plans, so it’d be perfect.”
“But on one condition,” Alice said. 
Both Charlie and Caitlin looked at Alice. 
“The condition is that you have to give up drinking. If you drink again, it will be the end of our travelling together. Agreed?”
“I only got drunk once in my life.” Charlie looked at Caitlin and then at Alice and then said firmly, “I agree!”

They went to Charlie’s hostel to retrieve his luggage and then took a water taxi to the railway station. Caitlin and Alice only had one wheeled travelling suitcase between them. As they were boarding the train, Charlie offered to carry the suitcase for them. Alice laughed and then passed her luggage to him.
Alice had carried the luggage as if it weighed nothing, but Charlie struggled to lift it up. Still laughing, Alice took over, lifting it up with only one hand like she was holding a handbag as she climbed onto the train. 
Although Charlie was not the strongest man in the world, he was no weakling by any means. He swore that Alice’s suitcase was easily over a hundred kilograms. 
Looking at Alice’s slim body, he couldn’t really imagine how she was able to carry such heavy luggage so easily. The only conclusion he could come up with was that Alice had learned Tai Chi and it had something to do with her Kung Fu ability. 
6.	Train Travel 

The train was almost empty. Caitlin, Alice, and Charlie were the only passengers in their second-class carriage. After getting themselves comfortable, Alice asked what Charlie did for a living.
Charlie looked a bit awkward. “I work in a pizza restaurant.”
“So you’re a chef?” Caitlin asked.
“No, I’m not a chef, just a helper in a fast-food restaurant. I put stuff on top of the pre-made pizza bases, stick them in the oven, and then give them to the customers after they’re cooked. There’s not much skill involved.”
“Oh, you seem like a scholar. Have you been to university?” Alice asked.
“I graduated from university a year ago but couldn’t find a suitable job, so I continued to work in the same job I’d been doing while I was at uni.”
“Oh, I see,” Caitlin said. “You must have rich parents.”
Charlie looked at Caitlin and then Alice. “Both my parents passed away when I was very young, and they weren’t rich. My sister brought me up like my own mother. She is a nurse working in a hospital, so I wouldn’t use ‘rich’ to describe myself.”
Caitlin moved forward, putting her elbows on the table between herself and Charlie. “How could you afford a holiday in Europe then?”
“Well, that’s all the savings I’ve accumulated during the last five years working in a pizza restaurant,” Charlie said, a bit embarrassed.
Alice’s gaze never left Charlie’s face. “The way you hired the gondola didn’t look like you were on a limited travelling budget.”
Charlie blushed. He looked at Caitlin and then Alice and mumbled, “I would normally never consider or be able to afford the luxury of a gondola ride, but after I saw Cait and you arguing with the two street thugs, I didn’t think about the cost at all; I just wanted to be with you. To tell you the truth, the gondola ride cost me half a week of my accommodation allowance, so I may have to sleep on the streets for a few days.”
“That’s very generous of you.” Caitlin’s eyes sparkled. “Charlie, how could you afford to attend private school and graduate from a reputable university if you are so poor?”
“How do you know all of that about me?” Charlie looked puzzled. 
“It’s not that difficult if you observe carefully.” Caitlin sat back against her seat. “Your day pack looks like a private school bag, worn and still with the school emblem on it. The ribbon on your backpack shows the name of your university, and by my knowledge it is one of the top universities in your country.”
“Wow, you’re incredible, like a detective,” Charlie said.
“Cait is a traditional Chinese herbal medicine practitioner and is very good at observing people.” Alice placed emphasis on the last two words.
“I’m really impressed. Anyway, back to your question. I was lucky enough to obtain scholarships to a private high school and then the university,” Charlie said. “Cait, where are you practicing Chinese traditional medicine?”
“I have a license in the UK for alternative medical treatment for those patients who do not respond to Western medicine.”
Just then a food trolley passed. 
Charlie asked if they would like something to eat or drink, but both Caitlin and Alice shook their heads. After the trolley was gone, Caitlin laughed. “Charlie, if you try to be generous again by buying us lunch, you will definitely have to sleep on the streets for the rest of your holiday.”
Charlie blushed again. Alice laughed, and his face reddened even more.
Caitlin nodded to Alice.
Alice stood up, opened their suitcase, and took out a few boxes, which contained sandwiches and fruit salads. 
The food tasted delicious, and there was even green tea afterward.
“Cait, you’re obviously not on a budget holiday, at least not on the same budget level as mine, so why do you bother making your own lunch rather than just buying it?” Charlie asked while sipping the green tea.
“Do you know what they put into the food and how many animals are killed to make it?” Alice said angrily.
Charlie watched Alice and then said carefully, “Are you vegetarian?”
“Yes, I am. We both are,” Alice said.
“I’m not vegetarian, but I also don’t like how people treat animals,” Charlie said.
Caitlin held her teacup gracefully, looking through the train window for a moment before turning to Charlie. “Do you believe in reincarnation?”
Charlie thought for a moment before slowly saying, “I’m not religious…”
Alice interrupted. “Reincarnation has nothing to do with religion.”
Caitlin gently put down her teacup, “Charlie, do you sometimes feel, when you see a place for the first time, that you’ve been there before, but you know you haven’t? Have you ever met someone and felt as if you know them from somewhere, but you knew it was impossible?”
“There must be some scientific explanation behind that, I’m sure,” Charlie said.
“So you believe in science,” Alice said. “You must be quite smart, since you had scholarships through school and university.”
“Not really smart. I just work harder than others.” 
“So you must have quite good grades. Why haven’t you been able to find a job?” Alice asked.
 “Well, I have a double degree in environmental science and art; unfortunately, neither has been much help in finding employment.”
“That’s why you went to Venice to protest?” Caitlin asked.
“Yes. I studied environmental science, so I know how badly humans damaged the planet. I realize how urgent the global warming problems are, and that’s why I used up all my savings to come to Venice to protest, to make my contribution to combat global warming…”
Listening to Charlie’s words, Caitlin remembered back to an ancient time, beside the creek in the misty valley. The young scholar had said that if he could pass the imperial examination, he would be able to use his knowledge to help the poor, to cure the sick, to eliminate corruption, and to make the world a better place. 
Caitlin’s eyes moistened, and she patted Charlie’s arm gently. “Charlie, you have made your voice heard by others, and people will gradually realize the truth and act accordingly.” She paused for a moment. “You mentioned that you also have an art degree. What was your major?”
Once more, Charlie looked awkward and embarrassed. “Ancient Chinese history and classic Chinese literature. Not very useful for gaining employment.”
Caitlin pushed a long strand of blonde hair away from her eyes. “What made you choose the subject then?”
Charlie’s eyes filled as he spoke.  “It’s because of my mother. She was originally from China, but she passed away when I was very young, so I wanted to learn more about Chinese culture. It made me feel closer to her somehow.”
“Do you know where your mother was from in China?” Caitlin asked with a hint of urgency.
“I did some research by looking through her stuff when I was studying Chinese history in university. She was originally from the southwest of China, near Er Mei Mountain, I think.”
Caitlin quickly exchanged a look with Alice and then said, “Are you able to speak any Chinese?”
“Not really. I may have learned some from my mother, but it was such a long time ago. Without practice, I’ve forgotten it all.”
“You said that your sister brought you up. Why didn’t you practice your Chinese with her?” Alice asked.
“She is my half-sister, from my father’s first marriage. She didn’t like my mother much, but she’s been very kind to me. She’s twenty years older than me, and she looked after me like my own mother would have.”
“You know what, Charlie?” Caitlin said, smiling, “I was born and raised in Hong Kong and only moved to the UK ten years ago. I lived with Chinese culture for half my life. I used to love reading, and I still do. There are these lovely Chinese legends, folk tales, poems, and historical stories that I really enjoy. Sometimes I think that I am more Chinese than British.”
“Really?” Charlie almost shouted. “Tell me which poem is your favorite. From the Tong or Song period?”
As they got into their discussion, Charlie couldn’t believe Caitlin had such in-depth knowledge about the poems, stories, legends, and philosophies of ancient China. If she hadn’t had blonde hair and blue eyes, Charlie would have believed that she was a scholar of Chinese history straight out of China. 
“During my years of study, I found a very interesting cultural difference between the Chinese and the West.” Charlie paused. “I know there are many differences, but this one stands out very distinctively.”
“What is it?” Alice asked impatiently. She had been listening to their conversation intently. 
“Well, we all know that two of the most beautiful ancient Chinese women, Xishi and Wang Zhaojun, were sent to their enemies to stop wars. But in the West, people started wars to get women.”
“An interesting observation,” Caitlin said. “What would you do, start wars to get women or stop wars by giving women away?”
“I’d definitely start a war to get the woman I love,” Charlie said firmly.
Caitlin stared at him but said in her mind, ‘It would be me who started a war to save you, my dear. You don’t have the ability to fight two vampires, let alone a war.” 
7.	Paris

After arriving in Paris, they rented an apartment in the old town, not far from the Seine, at Alice’s suggestion. It had a bedroom, a living room, a tiny kitchen, a washing machine, and a bathroom. While Caitlin and Alice shared the queen-sized bed in the bedroom, Charlie slept on the sofa bed in the living area. It was hardly luxurious, but it suited their purpose.
When they’d settled in, they went out and took a stroll along the Seine. It was an intoxicating experience for Charlie, as it was his very first time admiring the spectacular Parisian night view. Colorfully lit tourist boats drifted up and down the river. On the other side of the wide river, a long row of ancient buildings solemnly overlooked the crowds of tourists. Charlie couldn’t hide his amazement and admiration of the ancient city’s beauty and charm. 
“What a beautiful city!”
“That was exactly my reaction when I visited Paris for the first time.” Caitlin patted Charlie’s arm, smiling.
“Charlie, watch where you’re going; there is often dog shit on the street,” Alice said.
“Really? Dog shit?” Charlie asked.
“Yes, you heard Ali right. Parisians love their dogs too much,” laughed Caitlin. 
As he watched the crowds pushing past each other along the different storefronts selling all kinds of souvenirs, Charlie said, “These people must all be tourists?”
“You’re right. This is the historic center of Paris, and most locals live in the newer section,” Caitlin said.
“You must have been to Paris quite often,” said Charlie.
“A few times.” Caitlin glanced at Alice and then said, “I’m hungry. Let’s go home and cook dinner together.”
In Charlie’s adult life, he’d rarely encountered any girls who’d offered to cook something. In fact, not many were able to cook, so this was a new experience for him. 
“Cook dinner? Are you a good cook?”
“Cait is able to do much more than just cooking, Charlie,” Alice said proudly.

Charlie followed Caitlin and Alice to a supermarket not far from their apartment. It seemed as if Caitlin and Alice had a regular routine, as they knew exactly what ingredients to buy and where to find them; if possible, they only selected organic products.
When they were back at their apartment, Caitlin put on an apron and got to work in the tiny kitchen. It was almost like watching a TV show: Caitlin, the glorious girl Charlie had known for only a few days, prepared food like a professional. The way she chopped the ingredients looked just like the celebrity chef Charlie’s sister loved to watch on TV.
Charlie stood outside the kitchen door and couldn’t help but admire what he saw: Caitlin handled the seemingly complicated tasks with ease, mixing different sauces, adding a variety of ingredients and spices into frying pans, and then stir-frying them for different durations and at various temperatures. In the blink of an eye, several dishes were ready to eat.
The dinner was fantastic. 
Despite all the dishes being vegetarian, Caitlin used various spices to create the most wonderful flavors. The spicy flavors were exotic and unique; not overwhelming but refreshing, like music to Charlie’s mouth. It brought forth long-lost memories of when his mother was still alive. She’d also cooked such wonderful meals, Sichuan-style dishes that Charlie had forgotten about for so long. 
While they ate, Charlie thought about Caitlin. The more he thought about her, the more mysterious she was to him. Considering that she was only twenty, Charlie couldn’t imagine how it was possible for her to be a trained Chinese herbal medicine doctor with extensive and in-depth knowledge about ancient Chinese history and literature, and at the same time also a skillful Sichuan-style chef. There was just too much mystery about her.
Charlie offered to wash the dishes and clean up after dinner, something he was quite good at after five years of experience at the pizza restaurant. 

It was well after midnight, and Caitlin was still wide awake. Listening to Alice’s slow and even breathing, Caitlin’s thoughts went back to China over a thousand years ago.

In the misty valley of the Er Mei Mountain, after the young and handsome scholar had rescued Caitlin from the eagle’s talons and started talking to her as if she was a human girl, she wondered how it was possible that she understood his words. Perhaps she just had a natural ability to understand human words, or maybe instead of understanding the words, she received the message by observing the scholar’s emotions and body language. No matter how she was able to do it, the result was the same: Caitlin, then a three-foot-long white snake, knew exactly what the scholar was talking about.
Her encounter with the scholar was brief, but the aftershock lingered for a very long time. Days and weeks and months after the scholar departed, Caitlin could still hear his charming voice and his beautiful music and feel the wonderful touch of his hand.
The wounds on her body gradually healed, and the bandages slipped off her body, lying among the deep grass. She stayed with the bandages, the only physical evidence of her only true love. She remained with the bandages every single moment, apart from absolutely necessary outings to seek food. Gradually the bandages rotted away and turned into a pile of dirt, disappearing into the ground. 
Time passed without trace. Although she completely forgot the pain inflicted by the eagle’s sharp claws, her longing for the young scholar increased day by day. One day, Caitlin made the most important decision of her life: to go to the human world and seek magic that could transform her into a human girl, a pretty princess in a pure white dress.
Caitlin was well aware that it was a very dangerous journey, as most humans wouldn’t hesitate to kill her at first sight, but nothing could stop her pursuit of her true love. 
She carefully travelled only under the cover of darkness, coiling herself up in people’s gardens under their windows, lying on roofs, hiding among tall grass beside footpaths. Caitlin tried to stay as close to humans as possible so she could hear what they were talking about.
Months and years passed. She found nothing remotely related to the magic she was seeking, but she kept looking, listening, and waiting patiently.
On a rainy afternoon, whilst hiding among the bamboo groves beside a teahouse, Caitlin’s luck finally held—she heard people talking about magic.
“Have you heard about the ‘White Cloud Immortal Sister’?” one old man said while holding a teacup.
“No, I haven’t,” the younger man answered. “Could you please tell me more about this immortal sister; it sounds like she knows about magic.”
“Yes, we’d all like to hear about it.” The other guests in the teahouse moved their bamboo chairs closer to the old man.
“Magic? She is far beyond magic.” The old man drank some of his tea and then said slowly, “Do you know how old she is?”
“One hundred years!” a young man shouted.
“Oh no, you’re way off the mark.” The old man laughed.
“Eight hundred years old,” another guest said.
“Oh no.” The old man stuck his finger out.
“Are you telling us that she is over one thousand years old?”
“Yes.” The old man leaned back in his bamboo chair. “Let me tell you a fact: she was Lao Zi’s student.”
“Lao Zi, the one who wrote Tao Te Ching?”
“Yes, Lao Zi, the Oldest Master of all Taoists.” The old man closed his eyes for a moment and then said, “To cut a long story short, the Immortal Sister would come to the human world to select suitable candidates to become her students from time to time. Unfortunately, it was very hard to meet her criteria, so only a very few have been lucky enough to become her students in the last thousand years…”
“Do you know where she lives?” a young man interrupted the old man.
“Nobody knows; some say she lives on a mysterious island in the East Sea, and others say she lives on top of Er Mei Mountain…”
“You must be joking. I go to the top of Er Mei Mountain a few times every month and never see any Immortal Sister,” one young man said.
“Young man.” The old man laughed. “Do you think she would stay in a place an ordinary human could easily access? I heard that she lives in a temple hiding in the white clouds on top of a ten-thousand-foot cliff that even birds are unable to fly up, and that’s why she is called the White Cloud Immortal Sister…”
As the guests inside the teahouse continued their conversation, Caitlin quietly slithered away; she had the information she needed.

A few more years passed before Caitlin finally located the tallest mountaintop and the steepest cliff among the countless mountain peaks in the Er Mei mountain range. She knew that the higher one travelled, the colder it became and the harder it was to get food, so Caitlin started her quest at the beginning of summer so she would have the maximum number of warm days to reach the cliff top.
As fast as her three-foot-long body could manage, Caitlin climbed up day and night, stopping only for food once in a while. It was difficult, but she could still find water, green grass, and food, but when she finally reached the mighty cliff, it was late autumn already.
By then she understood what the old man was talking about in the bamboo teahouse: the cliff was sheer and impossibly tall, its top disappearing into a floating white cloud, and the few eagles only circled halfway up the cliff; even the eagles were unable to reach the top.
Caitlin didn’t immediately launch into action. Instead, she hunted for a few days and ate as much as her body could manage, because there wouldn’t be any food while climbing the cliff. 
It was not in a snake’s nature to embark on such adventures and travel on such harsh terrain. Instead of the warm and humid marshland she was used to, she encountered cold, hard rocks and the occasional plant growing in the thin soil in the cracks, but Caitlin pushed on, as she wanted to become a human girl and seek her true love.
Caitlin could endure the hunger and cold, but the real danger was the circling eagles. Caitlin was only able to move cautiously and slowly when she was absolutely sure there were no eagles around, and this slowed down her journey significantly. 
After enduring a long and cold night, Caitlin was really looking forward to the warm sunlight, but what she was faced with instead was flying snowflakes. Caitlin felt the cold penetrate her body; she hadn’t had any food for weeks, and she wouldn’t last long in this cold weather before her blood froze.
Caitlin desperately looked at the cliff top inside the white cloud and knew the truth: she would never be able to make it in her current state. Suddenly, through the large flying snowflakes, she heard wings flapping, and she knew death was close by. Caitlin slithered into the snow as deeply as she could and waited. 
Time passed and there were no more sounds, but she felt her body getting colder and colder. If she didn’t do anything, she would freeze inside the snow for the whole winter and become an eagle’s meal when the snow melted next spring. She had to do something. She knew she couldn’t give up, not when she had come this far.
The scholar’s beautiful music played in Caitlin’s head again; it made her blood flow. She slowly stuck her head out of the snow and discovered that she was not far from an eagle’s nest.
Caitlin waited patiently, observing the eagle’s routine. After a while, she made her move. Soon after the eagle flew off, Caitlin climbed into the nest and gleefully found a pile of eggs.

Caitlin couldn’t see anything except white fog around her. The eggs in her stomach were long gone, and she had no idea how far she was from the cliff top. The air felt freezing, and she wouldn’t last very long in this cold weather, but she wouldn’t give up, so she forced herself to move one inch and then another—until she lost consciousness.
When she woke up again, Caitlin felt warm. She saw a middle-aged woman sitting next to her. Of course, the woman was the famous Immortal Sister. After telling the Immortal Sister about her true love, Caitlin became her first and only nonhuman student.

Next to her, Alice made a sound, bringing Caitlin out of her reverie. Caitlin turned around, and seeing Alice was still fast sleep, she got up from the bed quietly. She walked into the living area. The moonlight pouring in through the window illuminated Charlie’s face. 

Over the last thousand years, in her dreams, the young scholar’s handsome face had accompanied Caitlin through the long and lonely nights; now finally she was looking at him in person. 
8.	Morning Walk

Caitlin’s emotions were uncontrollable, like water bursting from a dam. She had waited for this moment for so long. She wanted to embrace him, to kiss him as she had imagined countless times, to touch his skin, to feel him stroke her body again. 
Blood flowed in her veins faster and faster, her heart pumping stronger and stronger. Caitlin sat on Charlie’s bed and gazed at his lips, lowering herself onto him slowly, inch by inch. She wanted to enjoy this, feel every detail of his…
‘Cait, stop right there!’
Caitlin lifted her gaze. Alice stood in the bedroom doorway, speaking to her via their sister-talk. Without thinking, words burst from Caitlin’s head through their sister-talk link.
‘Why should I stop, Ali? After so many centuries of waiting, why should I stop? This is love. Do you even know what that is?’
Alice didn’t move and talked in a calm voice in Caitlin’s head. 
‘Cait, love is not only owned by human beings. When the male birds sing, dance, and show their beautiful feathers to their female partners, I would call that love, even though they are unable to write poems to each other. When a mother wolf chews her leg off to free herself from the hunter’s trap and struggles to get home to feed her pups for the last time, she cannot tell her babies she loves them, but that is love. I had no interest in coming to this ugly and greedy human world but still followed my master because I wanted my master to be happy, although I hadn’t had a proper education. My sole life goal was to protect my master with my own life, and I knew I would feel happy as long as my master was happy. I would also call that love. My dear master, I do know what love is.’
Tears coursed down Caitlin’s cheeks. She quickly walked back to the bedroom and closed the door behind them. She hugged Alice tightly. 
‘I’m so sorry, Ali. I didn’t mean it. Please forgive me.’
Alice patted Caitlin’s back gently. ‘You have done nothing wrong, my dear master.’
‘Please, Ali, don’t call me your master anymore.’
‘Alright, Cait.’
‘Please forgive my rudeness then.’
‘There is nothing to be forgiven. I want you to be happy, and that’s why I stopped you just now.’
‘Is it wrong for me to kiss him?’
‘There is nothing wrong with kissing him, but now is not the time. I’ve studied human love psychology during the last ten years and found the first kiss is the most crucial, so it should not be done lightly.’
‘Please, tell me more.’
‘Chinese men—as a matter of fact, all men—want the conquest. They like the feeling of achieving something as a result of their own hard work. This applies to the first kiss especially. Men like to think that it was the effort of their pursuit that led to them finally getting the women they love, not the other way around. You need to let Charlie think it was his idea to get that first kiss.’
‘Wow, I never realized you have such deep knowledge of human love psychology. What should I do, then? Just wait for Charlie to make the move?’
‘Leave it all to me. I guarantee a result by tomorrow!’ 
 ‘Really?’
‘Trust me, Cait. Now, go and get some sleep, because you’re going to need it.’

The next morning, Charlie woke up extra early. He snuck out and came back with fresh croissants, coffee, and a selection of other French pastries. Charlie arranged the breakfast on plates as quietly as possible, but just as he was laying the plates on the dining table, Caitlin said softly behind him, 
“You’ve been busy.”
Charlie turned around, gesturing at the table. “My lady, although I’m unable to cook spicy Sichuan dishes, I managed to prepare these famous French pastries with my own hands early this morning.”
“Wow, very impressive.” Caitlin chuckled. 
Alice walked out. “What’s impressive? Oh, I see, a man with many hidden talents.”
“Absolutely.” Charlie poured orange juice for everyone and also offered the coffee to Caitlin and Alice, but they both preferred drinking green tea. Both girls seemed to enjoy the French pastries.
After breakfast, Alice suggested that they visit the most famous cathedral in Paris, Notre-Dame. Both Caitlin and Charlie agreed, so they set off. 

Walking through the morning fruit markets was quite an experience in Paris; all the bread was freshly baked early that morning, and considering how many people bought the loaves every day, it must be a mighty task to supply the entire city.
Charlie was relatively fit thanks to his daily workouts and playing sports back home. After an hour or so of walking along the Seine, however, he began struggling to keep up with Caitlin and Alice’s brisk pace. He managed to form a whole sentence in between panting.
“Alice, I thought we were going to Notre-Dame.”
“Yes, we are, but we’re just having a bit of a walk first to enjoy the scenery.”
After another half hour, they turned back towards their destination. By the time they arrived at the mighty church, Charlie almost collapsed. 
Alice patted his back. “You need to get fit; otherwise you just won’t be able to keep up with us.”
Caitlin held Charlie’s wrist and measured his pulse. “You have to start exercising regularly and get fit gradually. Anyway, it’s good you had a warm-up today.”
That was only a warm-up? Charlie thought. He couldn’t imagine what the real exercise would be like.

They spent the rest of the morning and part of the afternoon inside the cathedral. Caitlin was very interested in the details of almost every inch of the building. As they left, Caitlin looked back at the mighty building and said, “You know, each time I visit Notre-Dame, my heart is always with Esmeralda, the beautiful and kind gypsy girl. Even though she did no harm to anyone and always tried to help people, she was hanged in the end.”
“Do you mean the gypsy girl in The Hunchback of Notre-Dame?” asked Charlie.
“Yes, but I prefer the French title: Notre-Dame de Paris. Esmeralda was the protagonist in the story, after all.” Caitlin said. “Do you know why people wanted to hang Esmeralda?”  
“Well, according to the story, everyone had their own reasons to betray her, hate her, and want her dead,” Charlie said uncomfortably.
“At one stage, the Parisians loved her for her beauty and kindness and were angered by the unfair trial, but in the end people called her a witch and demanded her death. Why? It was only because she was an outcast who didn’t belong to the Parisians’ world. The saddest part of all was that she was so in love with the handsome Captain Phoebus, but the result was that he, together with everyone else, condemned her to death,” Caitlin said with great sadness in her voice.
 “That’s human nature, isn’t it, Charlie?” Alice said.
“It happened many centuries ago, and the world today is quite different,” Charlie said.
“Really? Do you really believe that?” Alice asked sarcastically. 
Charlie didn’t know what to say, so he looked at his watch. “Ah, it’s almost three o’clock, well past lunch time. Let’s go and get something to eat.”
“No, we are going to visit the Eiffel Tower,” said Alice. 
9.	Eiffel Tower

With an empty stomach and sore legs, Charlie managed to finish the journey. Looking at his miserable expression, Caitlin stopped at a patisserie and bought him something to eat. 
When Charlie asked why they weren’t eating anything, Alice said it was their way; hunger and thirst could stimulate a body’s survival instincts and therefore improve one’s health. Of course, the balance had to be controlled adequately to avoid damaging the body in the process.
“People generally overeat,” Alice said.
Charlie agreed with her in principle, but it was pretty hard to endure the hunger.
 
Even though winter was supposed to be the low tourist season in Paris, the amount of people waiting to go up the Eiffel Tower was overwhelming. Charlie looked at Alice’s impatient expression and knew what would follow. 
“I don’t think I can climb the tower; I’ve had enough exercise for the day,” said Charlie.
Caitlin was amused. “I know you have much more potential, even beyond your own imagination, but I guess we can queue for the lift.”
“Thank you so much, Cait. You know, I almost want to kneel in front of you,” Charlie said.
Caitlin laughed. “Maybe you should kneel for me.”
Fortunately, it was impossible for Charlie to do anything in the long queue. When they finally got up to the viewing deck, it was dusk—the perfect time to enjoy the spectacular night view of Paris. 
Charlie stood close to Catlin; Alice was on the other side of the viewing platform. 
In the dim light, Caitlin’s face looked mysterious and beyond charming. Charlie felt his heart thumping so hard that he was sure everyone around would hear it, and his throat was dry. After collecting all of his courage, Charlie managed to force out a sentence. 
“Cait, have you heard that Paris is the city where people fall in love with each other?”
“Really?” Caitlin smiled, blooming like a flower blossom in a spring breeze. She tucked a long blonde strand behind her ear, away from her eyes, and whispered softly, “Charlie, have you heard the Chinese poem: when the passionate flower petals fall into a creek, you’re never sure if the flowing water would have the same affection in return?”
Their faces were so close that Charlie could feel Caitlin’s breath. Charlie didn’t know how, but a Chinese poem popped into his mind: it was a well-known expression about how true love would stop only when their own lives ceased to exist.
“The spring silkworm’s threads are only exhausted after its death, and the candle’s tears never cease until its body is burned out,” Charlie managed to say in Chinese.
Their lips met, and all of Paris, all the people and noises, and even the Eiffel Tower itself disappeared. The only thing Charlie was aware of was Caitlin’s soft, warm lips. 
The entire universe had vanished, leaving only the two of them. 
Time had stopped.

Charlie hummed while doing the shopping in the supermarket; he had offered to carry out this part of the task, as he was unable to cook. Even a few hours later, he could still feel Caitlin’s embrace and her lips on his. 
He touched the little gold lock hanging around his neck; Caitlin had given it to him after their passionate first kiss. She said she wanted him to wear it all the time and never take it off, no matter what happened to him. It was a Chinese lock that symbolized their love being locked together. Caitlin said that if he took it off intentionally, it would mean the end of their love. 
He smiled broadly at the checkout, remembering her words. 
As he was walking back to the apartment, he heard someone calling him from behind.
“Charlie, is that you?” 
Charlie turned; it was James, the Chinese guy he’d met in Venice. “Hi, James. I thought you had gone back to China.”
“My situation changed, and now I have more business to do here. Let’s go and have a few beers.”
“Sorry, James, I’ve given up drinking now.”
They moved to the side, letting other pedestrians pass. 
“How come? You look very happy. Anything happen to you?”
Charlie shifted his body towards the edge of the footpath, standing under the bright streetlight. “Today I kissed the most beautiful girl in the world. We fell in love with each other on top of the Eiffel Tower! Here is the lock she gave me. It symbolizes our love being locked together.” Charlie showed James the golden lock around his neck.
“Wow, congratulations!” James shook Charlie’s hand. His expression suddenly changed, and he tried to laugh again unsuccessfully. 
“What’s the matter? Are you unwell?”
“Yeah, I must have eaten something funny at lunchtime, so I have to go deal with it, but I’ll catch you tomorrow. Can I see you again in front of the market, same time tomorrow?”
“Sure, I’ll do my shopping here tomorrow, so I’ll see you then. Take care of yourself.”
“Hey, Charlie.” James turned. “If possible, please don’t mention me to your new girlfriend. I don’t want to spoil your evening, considering how drunk we got together last time.”
“No worries, mate.”

After dinner, Alice went out for a walk whilst Charlie and Caitlin sat on the sofa in each other’s arms and talked and talked and talked. They laughed at each other’s comments as if they were the funniest jokes in the world. 
“Charlie, I have never been so happy in my entire life.”
“Me neither.” Charlie kissed her again.
Before long, Alice came back. She exchanged a look with Caitlin and then said, “Charlie, from tonight on, I’ll sleep on the sofa bed.”
“But where will I sleep?” Charlie looked puzzled.
“In the bedroom with Cait, of course.” Alice laughed and Caitlin blushed.
“Oh, no, I can’t do that,” Charlie said firmly.
“Why not?” Alice sounded concerned.
Charlie looked at Alice and then gazed into Caitlin’s eyes. 
“Cait, I’d be lying if I said that I didn’t want to sleep in the bedroom with you tonight, but I don’t want to do things this way. I want to marry you. Please come with me to Australia so we can get married. You deserve a proper wedding.”
Alice looked at Caitlin and then turned to Charlie. “It’s very noble of you to say that, but because you are both so deeply in love with each other, there is not much point waiting until we go to Australia. I suggest that you get married here in Paris, tomorrow. What do you say?”
“I’m more than happy to do as you wish, Cait.”
Caitlin thought for a few minutes. “Why don’t we get married in Notre-Dame the day after tomorrow, if it’s alright with you, Charlie?”
“Yes, that sounds perfect, but how can we get married in Notre-Dame? I thought only French citizens were allowed to do that?”
“Well, my grandma was French, so I inherited that privilege.” Caitlin hugged Alice and said brightly, “Alice, I’m so happy.”
“I’m very happy for you,” Alice said. 
Somehow Charlie felt there was something on Alice’s mind, but he didn’t dwell on it, because he was too full of his own happiness.  
10.	Field Agent

The next day they visited the Louvre. 
Charlie was pathetically glad that they didn’t go for another warm-up along the riverbank. His legs were very sore, like every single muscle was screaming at him, but he didn’t show that on his face—not purely because he was trying to be brave, but because he was so happy walking beside Caitlin.
Although Charlie had an art degree, he was surprised to find how knowledgeable Caitlin was about European art and history. She talked about the different styles of painting in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries and discussed the sculptures from Ancient Greece and Rome. 
While watching Caitlin in pure admiration, Charlie could not really work out how she had achieved all that she had at such a young age. This changed his attitude towards blondes completely; some of them did have brains—as a matter of fact, much more than most people.
When they finally went back to their apartment, Charlie suggested that they should go out to celebrate their wedding tomorrow, but Caitlin said she would rather stay home and get ready for the next day. She said that she didn’t mind cooking, so Charlie went out to do the shopping again.

Charlie walked to the entrance of the supermarket and heard someone calling him. It was James Li. Charlie had completely forgotten about him. James looked quite gloomy.
“What’s up, James?” asked Charlie.
“Can we talk somewhere else? This is very important.”
“Man, you sound serious. Okay, where do you want to go?” said Charlie.
“Follow me.”
Charlie hesitated. “Will it be long? I have to shop and get back for dinner. I’m getting married tomorrow.”
“What? You’re getting married tomorrow?”
“What’s wrong with you, man? You’re supposed to say congratulations,” Charlie joked.
“Oh, sorry, I’m thinking about something else. Congratulations, Charlie. It won’t take long. I just want to have a quick chat with you in the pub around the corner.”

After they sat down, James ordered a beer for each of them, despite Charlie’s protests. But after James said it was to celebrate his wedding, Charlie accepted the toast. A few bottles of beer later, Charlie looked at his watch.
“James, tell me what you want to say. I have to get back soon.”
“Charlie.” James put his glass down. “Do you know what my occupation is?”
“I thought you said you were a businessman.”
“I’m not.” James looked around and then spoke in a quieter voice. “I am a field agent working for the Chinese branch of the council.”
Charlie stared at him for a moment and then laughed. “You’ve had too much to drink, mate. What is this council?”
“Its full name is the intercontinental supernatural council, ICSC for short, but we just call it the council.”
“Supernatural council? Do you mean vampires, werewolves, and that kind of stuff is real?”
“Yes, Charlie, they are as real as we are, sitting and drinking beer in this pub.”
“So how does this council work?” asked Charlie.
“There are branches in each country. We exchange information with each other and also help each other to hunt down supernatural fugitives.”
“Like Interpol?”  
“You can say that again; however, we are not dealing with ordinary criminals, but supernatural monsters.”
“That’s cool.” Charlie drank a bit more of his beer. “Is this what you want to talk to me about?”
“No, this is just an introduction.”
“You’d better hurry up and get to the point, as I have to go, actually right now.” Charlie looked at his watch again.
“Okay, Charlie, let’s cut to the chase. Yesterday, I saw evil energy appear on your eyebrows. As an agent, I have learned how to identify the evil energy on people’s faces.”
“What are you saying?” Charlie looked a bit worried.
“Based on my knowledge, you are being haunted by a supernatural monster right now.”
“That’s bullshit, man. I’ve never seen a monster in my life. Time to lay off the beers. I have to go. Nice talking to you, mate.”
“Wait, Charlie. I know this is hard to believe. I have confirmed that your new girlfriend is a thousand-year-old snake monster who has enough power to gain human form…”
“James, I thought you were my friend, but to say this about my future wife is an insult to me.”
James shook his head and laughed. 
“Charlie, it’s a joke for your stag night. Tonight is your stag night, right?”
“Yes, I suppose it is my stag night, but I don’t like your joke. Please don’t ever make such a sick joke about my Caitlin again.”
“I must have had a few too many; please forgive me. But I do want you to take this talisman.” James passed Charlie a piece of yellow paper that had some Chinese characters written on it. “It’s a Chinese custom to burn it in your bedroom before your wedding, to expel evil spirits from your life and ensure a long and happy marriage.”
Charlie stared at the thin piece of paper. “Are you telling me this can expel evil spirits, and this is how you hunt and fight monsters?” He laughed at his own comment.
James scanned the crowd in the pub again, making sure nobody was looking in their direction, and then opened his coat to reveal two items on his belt. He pointed at the gun-like object. “This is an MG. That stands for magic gun; it is designed to kill vampires and werewolves. And this one.” He took an object off his belt that looked like a small beer can to Charlie, bright yellow in color. James held it carefully. “This is magic dynamite, or MD, as we call it, or ‘Mo Dan’ in Chinese. See this red button? If you push it, you have only a few seconds to throw it, but make sure you throw it as far as you can, because it’s capable of destroying all living creatures, monster or human, within a hundred-foot range.”
James pushed the red button.
Charlie’s face turned white. “Are you crazy?”
James laughed. “Don’t panic. It won’t explode as long as you keep holding down the red button, and now I’ll push the green button to defuse it.”
“You hang it on your belt all the time? What happens if you accidently bump the red button?”
“There is a safety lock. You have to hold and squeeze it to activate it. Otherwise, it won’t activate even if you smash it with rock.”
Charlie took a deep breath. “That’s a relief. Thanks for the beer. Wait, can you make it to Notre-Dame tomorrow? I need a best man. Since I don’t know anyone in Paris, you have to be my best man. We are friends, aren’t we? What do you say?”
James thought for a moment. “I’ll be there, and I’m more than happy to be your best man. Charlie, we are friends by fate.”
11.	Talisman

By the time Charlie got back to the apartment with the groceries, it was quite late. He had just put down the shopping bags when Alice said, “Charlie, you promised to give up drinking only a couple of days ago. How could you break your promise so soon?”
Caitlin looked at Charlie and Alice and sighed. She was aware of Alice’s negative attitude towards Charlie from the beginning, and it seemed to be getting worse. It was not the time, however, to argue with Alice. She had hoped Alice would get over this after getting to know Charlie better. Despite her concern, this was not what occupied Caitlin’s mind most at the moment.
In Caitlin’s mind, the ideal wedding would be a traditional Chinese wedding with bamboo sedans and red embroidered silk gowns. She had dreamed about it for a very long time. She had promised herself that if she found her true love one day, she would marry him that way. But now, since she had blonde hair and blue eyes, a traditional Chinese wedding in Paris was not very realistic. For one thing, how could she explain to Charlie that although she looked European, she was actually Chinese inside? She could not.
Caitlin believed that there should be no secrets between couples who truly loved each other. Unfortunately, at this stage, revealing her secret would just destroy their relationship. Maybe down the road she would tell him, but she had no idea how.
The reason Caitlin suggested that they got married in Paris was to avoid unwanted questions if they chose to do it back in Charlie’s home in Australia. Since they were getting married in a church, they should also follow the Western customs.
 “I expect Charlie had a drink to celebrate his last night of freedom before the wedding tomorrow. It’s his stag night, and he deserves a few drinks.”
Charlie laughed. “Yes, I had a beer with a friend. I met him in Venice, a guy from China. I did tell him that I’ve given up drinking, but he said a drink to celebrate our wedding was needed, so that’s why I drank a bit.”
Alice said, “It seems that you drank much more than just a bit.”
“Well, maybe we got a bit carried away.” Charlie sat down on sofa. “James is a funny guy. That’s the Chinese guy I was with. His name is James.”
 “Charlie, tell us about this James. Since he’s your friend, we’d also like to get to know him,” Caitlin said softly.
“I’ve already said he’s a funny guy, haven’t I?” Charlie said. “I think he was totally drunk tonight. You know, I didn’t drink that much, really. He told me that he’s a field agent. That’s the funniest joke I’ve ever heard.”
Caitlin exchanged a look with Alice. This was something she hadn’t expected. She’d had a feeling that threats were near, but she hadn’t been sure what they were, and this just proved that her instincts were correct. She asked curiously, “That sounds interesting. Did he say what kind of agent he is?”
“He said something to do with a council. Yeah, I remember it now, the intercontinental supernatural council, like Interpol, except dealing with monsters. He said he works for the Chinese branch.”
Caitlin watched Charlie carefully. “Do you believe what he said?”
“Not really.” Charlie chuckled. “He even showed me his magic gun that is supposedly designed to kill vampires and werewolves. Imagine that, vampires and werewolves. Give me a break.”
“So you don’t believe vampires exist, do you?” Alice asked.
“No way. Vampires are just in people’s imaginations and only exist in stories,” Charlie said. He suddenly remembered something else. “You know what else he said to me? He said that monsters are haunting me, and he can tell that from the evil energy on my eyebrow. What a lot of bullshit.”
The shock was absolute inside Caitlin’s mind. 
She had to give this guy credit for his ability to read someone’s energy. She had been very careful not to leave any energy marks on Charlie, but when they kissed on top of the Eiffel Tower, it was the last thing on her mind. This James would have to be dealt with immediately, but she had to manage Charlie first. Fortunately, years of meditation had helped her keep calm no matter what happened to her. 
“That’s really interesting. Your friend definitely has quite a unique imagination to make up a story like that,” Caitlin said calmly.
Charlie fumbled inside his pocket and took out a piece of yellow paper. He showed it to Caitlin. “He also gave this to me. He said it can expel evil spirits and it’s the Chinese custom to burn it in our bedroom before the wedding.”
Caitlin took it from Charlie’s hand, studying it for a moment. She immediately recognized it as a typical Chinese talisman, but it would only be as powerful as the person who created it. Caitlin had no idea who the person behind it was, so she had no way to predict how much power it carried.
Caitlin watched Charlie’s eyes carefully; he appeared drunk and said he didn’t believe James’ words, but he wasn’t stupid. Any person in that situation would burn the talisman for peace of mind if they believed it or for curiosity if they didn’t. 
If she didn’t let him do it, it would only add more doubts in his mind. But if she did, the risk would be unknown. She could be seriously hurt if the talisman’s power was strong enough. As Caitlin wondered what to do, she heard Alice’s voice in her head.
‘Don’t let him do it; it’s too risky. He’s so drunk that he won’t remember it tomorrow when he wakes up.’
‘Ali, I think that I have to do this. I love him so much, and I don’t want him to have any doubts about me. Could you please help me? With both of our powers, we should be able to fight against the talisman. I know it is very risky, but after searching for him for such a long time, I don’t want to lose him.’
‘Cait, I don’t know what to say. Look at him: drunk, weak, and useless. I don’t see anything in him deserving of your love. You’re risking your life for him, and you’re not even sure he’s your true love. I hope you realize that.’
‘He has his issues, but he is a good man inside. I am completely sure that he is the one. Please, Ali, I’m begging you to help me out.’
‘Please don’t say ‘beg.’ You know I’ll be with you all the way, no matter what. Let’s do it.’
Caitlin passed the talisman to Charlie. “I suppose your friend wants to make your stag party more fun, considering he’s the only friend you have in Paris.”
Charlie tried to open his eyes, “Yes, you’re right. James wanted to make it more fun for my stag night. Yes, it is my stag night, and I should drink a bit more.”
“My dear, you’ve drunk enough already.” Caitlin patted Charlie’s shoulder. “Why don’t you burn it to finish your friend’s joke, so you can tell him about it when you see him next?”
“Good idea.” Charlie suddenly remembered something else. “Cait, I invited James to Notre-Dame tomorrow as my best man. Is that okay with you?”
“It’s absolutely okay with me, as he is your friend,” Caitlin said gently.
“I’m tired. I want to go to sleep,” Charlie said blearily. “But I want to burn the paper first.”
Alice brought a plate and matches to the coffee table. “Here you go. Have fun, but be careful not to burn your hands.”
Charlie set the paper on fire.  
12.	Seine River

Caitlin held Alice’s hand behind her back so Charlie couldn’t see; together they concentrated and collected all of their power to fight against the talisman.  
After the initial red flame, the talisman suddenly burst into a bright white ball of lightning, as if thousands of cameras had flashed at the same time, and then it died out.
“Wow, like fireworks. It seems that your friend made quite the effort to ensure your stag night was fun,” Alice said cheerfully. 
It was a big relief that the talisman had very limited power; they had escaped a potential disaster. Caitlin went to the kitchen and came back with a glass. “Charlie, drink some of this herbal tea. It’ll help with your hangover when you wake up. Remember, we are getting married in Notre-Dame tomorrow.”
“Yes, I remember. How could I forget? Thanks. It tastes good.” Soon after drinking the greenish liquid, Charlie slumped on the sofa and fell fast asleep.
Caitlin checked Charlie once more and then turned to Alice. “Let’s go and chat with Charlie’s friend James.”
Alice looked at Charlie. “Do you think it’s okay to leave him alone here?”
Caitlin stared down at him and then said slowly, “As long as he has my gold lock around his neck, he should be fine.”
They turned the light off and got ready to go out.

Moonlight illuminated the Seine as James walked along the riverbank alone. As a liaison officer for the Chinese branch, he had been living and travelling in Europe for the last ten years. In fact, since his wife was killed, he’d only gone back to China once. He had been searching and tracking for the last ten years and today, purely by chance, he had finally found a trace of what he was looking for.  
James didn’t place much hope on the talisman killing his targets, but he wanted it to deliver a message. He knew he would have visitors tonight, so he was prepared. In theory, he would be able to ask for help from the European branch, but he knew that in reality it was beyond hope. During the last ten years, James had experienced no luck getting their cooperation on any of his cases. To put it nicely, they had their hands full dealing with the vampires. Besides, he wanted to finish this by himself, even if it meant finishing himself as part of the deal. He had been waiting for this moment for far too long.
Over the years, in order to endure the endless lonely nights and hopeless days, James had often gotten so drunk he couldn’t even recognize himself. But not tonight. He had been pretending to drink with Charlie earlier. He had to focus, and this could be his only chance.
James took a deep breath and walked towards the shadow under the huge bridge.

Caitlin and Alice put hoods over their heads and walked silently on the other side of the riverbank. To an observer, it would seem like they weren’t speaking, but they had been communicating with their sister-talk since leaving the apartment.
‘Cait, I’m sorry for saying this bluntly, but I don’t think Charlie is your true love.’
‘He has to be, I am sure.’
‘Maybe it was him, but it doesn’t mean he’s your true love.’
‘Ali, you have to give him a chance to prove himself.’
‘I have a very bad feeling that he will bring disaster to you and everyone else.’
‘I know he has problems, but who doesn’t? He promised he’d give up drinking, and he’s been doing quite well since.’
‘Except today.’
‘Well, today is different. Let’s face it, it is his stag night.’
‘Cait, that’s the problem; he can always find reasons to start drinking again. Next time it will be for someone’s birthday or any other excuse he can manage to make up.’
‘I have confidence in him, and he is willing and able to get over it. Hang on. See the guy walking on the other side of the river? Do you think he’s the one?’
Alice concentrated for a second on the shadowy figure under the bridge. ‘I think you’re right; he seems to fit the profile.’
‘Let’s go over and have a chat with him. Please promise me that you won’t do anything unless you ask me first. I don’t want what happened to the two vampires to happen again.’
‘The two vampires were going to kill Charlie and were also attacking us. What I did was purely self-defense.’
‘I know that, but you could have just disabled rather than killed them.’
‘Be fair: it was my first time ever dealing with vampires.’
‘Sorry, Ali. I do appreciate what you’ve done for me. Anyway, you know how to deal with vampires now. So from now on, please don’t kill anyone if it’s not absolutely necessary. Promise me.’
‘I knew you’d say that. Why don’t we take this James out? Otherwise, I am sure he will create more trouble than we can handle down the line.’
‘You know that I believe in trying to save people’s lives and never kill anyone, and I am not going to change that tonight.’
‘Even knowing there’s a risk that he could kill you in the future?’
‘I’ll worry about it when it happens, but for now let’s deal with him.’
Caitlin and Alice quickly walked over the bridge towards the other side of the riverbank. Although it was after midnight, there were still some tourists wandering around. Caitlin hoped that they would not venture beneath the bridge.

James sensed two people walking in the same direction as him on the other side of the riverbank. His gut feeling told him they were the ones he was expecting. He didn’t want to have the confrontation in public, although there were very few people wandering around in the cold night.
Shielding himself in the shadow under the bridge, James quickly checked his weapons—the magic gun and magic dynamite—and felt better; they were in order. He then looked out from his hiding place. Sure enough, the two people were now walking rapidly towards him across the bridge, which meant they had spotted him as well.
James actually felt calm; after ten years of waiting and tracking, it was time to finish this. His wife’s face appeared in front of his mind’s eye and he whispered, “Ping, it must be you who guided me from above to find these two evil monsters. Everything will be finished in a short time. Please wait for me. I’ll join you soon.”
He held his magic gun firmly and then used his other hand to touch his magic dynamite. James knew he was not powerful enough to capture these two monsters, but his magic dynamite would ensure their destruction and also pave his way to meet his Ping.
It was quiet; James could almost hear his own heart beating. He judged that they should be right over his head and finding their way down. He moved back a few steps into the shadow so he could not be seen easily…and then James felt a strong grip, like steel, lock around his wrists.

James turned. In the dim light, three black-clothed figures surrounded him. His gun and dynamite were taken away and thrown to the ground.
“Who are you? Why are you attacking me?” James tried to sound calm; he knew immediately that these people were not ordinary criminals—they were vampires. He couldn’t believe his bad luck. How could it be possible for vampires to get him right at the crucial moment of his mission?
“Are you sure he’s the guy?” one of the vampires said in strongly Italian-accented English.
“I’m sure. I followed him this afternoon,” another answered.
James was confused by their conversation. “You were following me? Why?”
“Don’t pretend that you don’t know who we are. We know you are working for Alain Bevis, the boss of the European branch of the council. However, that’s not the reason why we are here today,” the third vampire, seemingly the leader of the trio, continued. “Mr. Mancini has given strict orders forbidding us to fight with the council, and that’s why you haven’t seen much of us in the last ten years.”
As the vampire spoke, James calmed down a bit. “So why are you here then?”
“A few days ago, we lost two of our number in Venice, and I hope you can tell us who did it. According to our source, they were not killed by the council,” the vampire said.
James was familiar with the events. Although he hadn’t told his boss what he knew, he was pretty sure that the two vampires had been killed by the two monsters he had been hunting for the last ten years. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. This is the first time I’ve heard about two vampires being killed by somebody else. Maybe by vampires from another family?” James suggested.
“No. They were killed by some kind of oriental power, and you must know something about it. You are from China, I believe.”
“Yes, I am from China, but I don’t know everyone who has oriental power. By the way, what are you going to do if you find the killers?”
“Blood for blood.” The vampire looked at the other two and then said, “Take him to Mr. Mancini.”
James struggled, but the vampires who held him were too strong to fight against. “You know I work for Mr. Bevis, the boss of the European branch. You can’t just take me like this; it’ll bring you trouble.”
“Nobody will ever know where you are, as you will be dead soon enough.” 
13.	Chat

Caitlin tugged Alice’s sleeve and said in her head, ‘Ali, there’s someone else around.’
Alice looked around and then nodded slowly. ‘You’re right. It seems two, no, three people are following our guy.’
‘And they are vampires.’ Caitlin thought for a while. ‘Let’s just watch and see what happens.’
So they used a spell to shield themselves behind the bridge pillars. As the conversation between James and the vampires went on, Caitlin and Alice were also busily discussing inside their heads.
‘Cait, that’s why we haven’t seen any vampires in the last ten years. But why did the vampire elder, Mr. Mancini, forbid his fellows from fighting against the council?’
‘It must be to do with the magic gun and magic dynamite the council invented. These weapons are apparently quite effective at killing vampires, so Mr. Mancini didn’t want to have unnecessary casualties before he could find a way to fight back.’
‘Do we need to worry about these weapons?’
‘I don’t know much about them. Anyway, let’s see what happens next.’
‘Cait, why didn’t he tell the vampires about us? He could set the vampires on us by doing that.’
Caitlin thought carefully. ‘I suppose that maybe he wants to capture or kill us himself so he can claim all the credit.’
‘Good luck to him; he’ll be lucky to survive the night.’
As the vampires were about to take James away, Caitlin said, ‘Ali, could you please get rid of the three vampires? But don’t kill them.’
‘Why not? They’re evil monsters.’
‘People also call us evil monsters.’
‘I just know you are going to say that every time we have to fight against anyone,” she grumbled. “Alright, I won’t kill them.’ 

James knew he wouldn’t live to see the dawn. Tears flooded down his cheeks. He was not afraid for his own life, as he had truly died the day he was told his Ping had been killed by the monsters. He felt sad that he was unable to avenge her death.
As the vampires dragged him towards the other side of the bridge, he suddenly heard an air-rending sound and then saw a figure appear in front of them. The struggle was fast. It was finished almost before it started. The three vampires dropped to the ground with heavy thuds.
Finally getting his arms free, James ran to pick up his magic gun and magic dynamite, but the figure was much faster. In the blink of an eye, his weapons were in the shadowy figure’s hands. “I’ll look after them for you, for the time being.” A female’s voice spoke in a perfect British accent.
James stared at the shadowy figure. “Who are you? Why did you save me and take my weapons?”
“I assume that you are James, the field agent from the Chinese branch. Am I correct?” A white figure walked out from behind the bridge pillar. “Don’t pretend that you don’t know who we are. We all know why we are here tonight, don’t we?”
James felt his stomach sink to the ground for the second time that night. Yes, he knew them indeed. He felt completely helpless, facing these two monsters with no weapons. Please, Ping, help me, he pleaded silently. James finally said, “Yes, I am James, the field agent from the Chinese branch.” He turned his head upwards, crying, “I am so sorry, Ping. I am unable to avenge you, but I’ll see you soon.” James then turned to Caitlin. “I have nothing to say to you, but I’d appreciate it if you could make it quick, please.”
Caitlin watched him curiously. “Who is Ping? Why do you want to avenge her?”
James wiped his tears with his sleeve. “Don’t tell me you don’t know Ping. She was the field agent you killed ten years ago when you first arrived in Europe.”
“Oh, so her name was Ping. Was she your girlfriend?” Alice asked.
“No, she was not my girlfriend. She was my wife. I have been searching and tracking you two all over Europe, but…” He sighed. “I had bad luck tonight. So be it.” He closed his eyes and waited for his coming death.
Caitlin exchanged a look with Alice and said, “Who told you we killed your wife?”
“It’s not your business. There is no need to have this conversation now.”
“If you keep being rude to my sister, I’ll kill you,” Alice said angrily.
“James, I know you will not believe my words, but the truth is that your wife was killed by soldiers from the European branch. The boss, Alain Bevis, ordered the action. Go and ask him,” Caitlin said patiently.
“I don’t believe a word you say.”
“Cait, we don’t have time to waste on him. Kill him or just leave him to the vampires.”
Caitlin walked closer to James. She patted his shoulder a couple of times and then walked a few steps back.
Soon James’ face contorted with obvious pain. “What have you done to me…”
Caitlin waved her hand and James stopped groaning. “I don’t care if you believe me or not, but it’s the truth. I could kill you easily, but we wouldn’t have saved you from the vampires tonight if we wanted you dead. However, Charlie invited you to our wedding tomorrow, and you’ll be the best man, so I don’t want you to die, at least not until after our wedding.”
Caitlin waited, but James didn’t respond, so she continued, “Here’s the deal. After the wedding, we’ll disappear, and you are free to try to track us down if you wish, so you’ll still have your chance. I have put a curse on you. If you even think about telling your boss or anyone else about the wedding or us, the curse will kill you before you open your mouth. And don’t be foolish enough to think that you could write it down or communicate through other means, because you’ll be killed instantly the moment you do it.”
James didn’t make a sound.
“James, I beg you to help me by being at the wedding tomorrow. I am sorry for the curse. I wouldn’t have done it if there’d been any other way,” Caitlin said.
James thought for a while and then said, “If Charlie knew who you really were, do you think he would still love you?”
“That’s not your business.” Caitlin paused and then said softly, “I love Charlie so much. I’m begging you to do this for me. If your wife could talk to you, she would want you to help me out, because she would understand how hard it is to find one’s true love.”
“Will you remove the curse after your wedding?” James asked.
“Yes, I will. Do we have a deal?” Caitlin asked.
“We do,” James said finally. “Can I have my gun back?”
“Not until after the wedding. See you tomorrow at Notre-Dame.” Caitlin, together with Alice, started walking away but turned back. “James, the reason Alain Bevis had your wife killed was because he could not tell the difference between two Chinese women. That’s why we changed our faces to look European: to avoid anyone else being killed by mistake.”
“But I know your faces now, and I’ll tell others after I’m free,” James said.
Alice rolled her eyes. “I don’t know if you are trying to be brave or just being very stupid. By the way, your wife was way better than you.”
Caitlin and Alice left. 
14.	Notre-Dame
 
Charlie smelled something wonderful. Opening his eyes, he smiled after seeing the fresh croissants and cup of coffee.
“How do you feel?” Caitlin asked.
Charlie sat up from the couch and his eyes opened wide. His bride wore a pure white wedding dress, her blonde hair, sea blue eyes and sculpted cheeks emitting a glorious, soft, warming radiance that surrounded her like a halo. He finally managed to talk. “You are…so beautiful…”
“That’s your wife-to-be, mister,” Alice said. She wore a long, graceful blue-green dress. Her teenage look had completely gone; instead, a sophisticated young lady stood in front of Charlie. “Come on. Finish your breakfast so I can get you ready as well.”


Charlie walked to Notre-Dame alone. His suit was perfectly made, and he felt great. The few glances from other girls on the way boosted his ego even more. When he arrived at Notre-Dame, he was so glad James was waiting for him.
“Thank you so much for coming today,” Charlie said. 
“No worries, mate,” James said, trying to say it with an Australian accent—without much success. “Charlie, please apologize to your wife-to-be about my silly joke last night.”
“But it was such fun. And that talisman of yours, it was quite a nice piece of work. I really appreciate your effort to make my stag night so great.”
“Are you sure she wasn’t offended?”
“Oh no, not at all.” Charlie laughed.
“I’m so glad.” James took a small box out of his pocket, “Because of the limited time, I didn’t have a chance to ask your opinion and just chose this ring for you; hopefully it’s okay.”
“Oh, the ring! I completely forget about the ring. Thank you so much; you’re a true friend.” 
They kept chatting for a while about Charlie’s romance and holiday with Caitlin until Charlie looked at his watch. “We had better get inside; it’s almost time.”

Caitlin looked at the priest with her back to the entrance. Through the veil, she grinned naughtily.
She knew it was impossible to ask a priest to marry them at such short notice in any church, let alone in the most famous church in Paris. This morning, as soon as Charlie left, Caitlin and Alice quickly went to Notre-Dame and entered the church from a side door while Charlie chatted with James in front of the main entrance.
As expected, the priest told Caitlin that almost no weddings were held in Notre-Dame except on very rare occasions. Even before the priest finished his sentence, tears began pouring down Caitlin’s cheeks. She sobbed uncontrollably and was unable to speak when the priest asked why she was so sad.
Alice explained to the priest that Caitlin was terminally ill and she wanted to marry her true love before she died; this was her last chance to marry him before he went away on an overseas assignment that was organized long ago. She had only been diagnosed yesterday, and she didn’t want to tell him, as the assignment was crucial to his career.
Caitlin’s sadness and Alice’s words moved the priest deeply. With moistened eyes, the priest offered to marry them in a side hall of the church. Caitlin was so joyful; she tearfully thanked him for his kind help. 

It was an unexciting event from outsiders’ eyes, but it was the most important moment in Caitlin’s life: she had waited for this moment for her whole life. Although she would have preferred a traditional Chinese wedding, wearing a long red silk gown with a veil in beautiful embroidered silk, being carried in a decorated bamboo sedan, Caitlin was very happy to have this French priest marrying her and Charlie.
Glancing sideways, she gazed at Charlie’s handsome face intently; it was him, the love she had been looking for. Her heart was filled with sweet joy; it was definitely worth such a long stretch of hard work, endless searching, and inhuman patience. All of the pain, the desperation, and the frustration dissolved into happiness.
When Charlie lifted her veil to kiss her, she felt the heat from his lips warming her deeply in her heart; this was the true love she was looking for. Caitlin felt dizzy and completely lost in a universe in which only she and Charlie existed.

When they were back outside Notre-Dame, Charlie thanked James again for being his best man. Before James managed to open his mouth, Caitlin interrupted and said that James was on his way to the airport because he had urgent business in Beijing.
Alice passed James a parcel, a gift to thank him for attending the wedding. James nodded, aware that his weapons were inside the parcel. 
Before James left, Caitlin patted his shoulder a couple of times and said that although it would be a long flight to Beijing, he would feel more relaxed once the plane took off from Paris. 
James breathed out deeply in relief and took a taxi straight to the airport.

As soon they entered their apartment, Charlie’s jaw dropped to ground. The whole interior had been decorated and transformed into a traditional Chinese newlywed setting: red silk bedding and sheets embroidered with pairs of Mandarin ducks, willow trees, and Chinese poems. There were red silk curtains, chair covers, happiness posters, and Chinese characters all over the walls. Charlie had seen such pictures in books when he studied ancient Chinese history in university.
“But when and how did you girls manage to do all of this? Didn’t we go to Notre-Dame almost at the same time this morning?”
“It didn’t take much time just to hang a few things up.” Caitlin smiled.
“This is fantastic!” Charlie said. “What now?”
“Ali, you can explain it to him while I get changed.” Caitlin went inside the bedroom and closed the door behind her.
“Charlie, could you please help me in the kitchen?”
The kitchen was very small; with two of them standing inside it, there was no room to move around. Charlie was jammed inside the confined space and looked at Alice expectantly.
Alice stood in the doorway, glanced back, and then said in a low voice, “Charlie, to tell you the truth, I never liked you.”
“I could tell. Fortunately, it’s Caitlin who I married…” Charlie stopped when he saw her eyes flare with strong emotion. “Sorry…”
“Listen to me, Charlie. You don’t deserve my sister and you know it.”
“Yes, I know…”
Alice looked back again and then picked up a bowl from the cupboard. She opened her hand and let the bowl sit on her flat palm. “Look at the bowl in my hand.”
“Yes, I can see it.”
“If you ever betray my sister, your skull will be like this bowl.”
Charlie had to put his hand over his mouth to suppress his shock as Alice closed her hand and squeezed, seemingly gently, and the bowl in her hand was crushed into pieces. It took a few more moments before Charlie could find his voice again. 
“I love your sister so much, more than my own life. How could I ever consider betraying her?”
“Good, that’s what I want to hear. So, if that’s the case, you have nothing to worry about.” Alice then said in an even lower voice, “Never mention this to Cait.”
“I promise.” Charlie tried to smile but failed terribly.
“Cheer up, Charlie. Now it’s time for you to get changed. We are going to have a traditional Chinese wedding as well.”
“A Chinese wedding? I like it.” 

Alice opened her suitcase and pulled out a long red embroidered silk robe. “Charlie, try it on to see if it fits.”
Charlie now understood why Alice’s suitcase was so heavy. He felt so lucky that Alice was Caitlin’s best friend; she was so powerful. The robe fit him perfectly.
Alice stood in front of Charlie, studying him from head to toe thoroughly, and then picked up a traditional Chinese hat from the suitcase, putting it on him. “You look okay; I have to admit, you’re quite handsome actually. Be nice to my sister.”
“I will,” Charlie said seriously.
“Wait here.” Alice opened the bedroom door and went inside. 

Charlie stood there, not knowing what to think. He was not resentful towards Alice for doing that to him in the kitchen; he understood how much Alice loved her sister and wanted the best for Caitlin. It didn’t really worry him, because he loved Caitlin so much and there was no way he would ever betray her, so Alice would be his friend as well. He did wonder about how powerful Alice was though.
Thinking back, Charlie felt so silly for trying to protect Caitlin and Alice in front of the two street thugs in Venice. It was unfortunate that he was knocked out; it would have been quite exciting to watch Alice kicking their asses. But according to Caitlin, the thugs ran off as soon as they saw the police approaching.
As Charlie was wondering about those random thoughts, the bedroom door opened. Alice led Caitlin in. She wore a red silk dress decorated with embroidery, her head covered with a large red silk veil. 
Alice let Caitlin and Charlie stand side by side, then she stepped back and spoke clearly in Mandarin.
“First, pay your respects to the heaven and earth.”
Caitlin and Charlie bowed to the sky and earth.
“Second, pay your respects to your parents.”
Caitlin and Charlie bowed to the couch, where their parents would be sitting if they were there.
“Now pay your respects to each other.”
Caitlin and Charlie bowed at each other.
“It’s time for the new couple to enter their wedding chamber.”
Although this ceremony wasn’t totally unknown to Charlie, as he had studied it in university, the difference was that he was in it, his own wedding. Holding Caitlin’s soft, smooth hand, Charlie led her into the bedroom. 

Caitlin sat on the bed, waiting for Charlie to remove her veil, but nothing happened. Hadn’t Alice told Charlie what to do during a Chinese wedding? But this was beyond the wedding, beyond Alice’s instructions. Caitlin blushed. After waiting a little longer, Caitlin took the veil off herself. 
Charlie stood there, staring at her, looking embarrassed and lost.
“Come here, Charlie. Sit next to me.” Caitlin patted the bed, speaking softly.
“Okay.” Charlie sat next to her, awkwardly.
“What’s the matter, Charlie?”
Charlie blushed. He mumbled, “Nothing…”
“Are you still in love with me, or do you regret having married me?”
Charlie jumped up. “No, I’d never regret it. I love you so much…”
“So what’s the matter, then?”
Charlie blushed darker. His whole face reddened. After collecting enough courage, he finally said, “Cait, I’m still a virgin. I don’t know what to do…”
Caitlin laughed loudly and happily. 
“That’s all? You know what, Charlie? That makes two of us. I’m a virgin too. Perfect for a Chinese wedding, as the bride is always expected to be a virgin, but today we have a bonus—a double virgin and double happiness.”

Charlie laughed as well. Caitlin made him feel so relaxed. 
He didn’t expect her to be a virgin as well. From his limited experience with women, the few girls he did manage to date told him so much about their sexual experiences with their ex-boyfriends and made him so awkward and embarrassed that he rarely followed up with any of them. Of course, he’d never felt any real connections with them.
Caitlin’s long, soft hair hung down her back like silk; her blue eyes were like a gateway to a mysterious world; her full lips had such a magical attractive force that all Charlie wanted to do was hold her tight and press his lips against hers and never separate. 
Charlie felt the blood in his veins start to heat up and his heart start to pump faster. Then he heard Caitlin speak softly, almost whispering. 
“Charlie, could you please help me to take my dress off first?” 
15.	Home Visiting

The next morning, when Charlie entered the living room, he noticed something was different. It took him a few seconds to work out what it was: Alice, together with all the Chinese decorations on the walls, over the couch and chairs and tables, were gone. He turned to Caitlin, who followed him out of their wedding chamber, still in her pajamas.
“Where’s Ali?”
“Oh, Ali is already on her way to Western Australia.”
“Really? Have you both agreed to live with me in Perth?” Charlie asked.
“Why so surprised?” Caitlin put her arm around Charlie’s neck, kissing him softly on his lips, and then spoke so quietly that she was almost whispering. “Don’t you know that after a Chinese wedding, the bride lives with the groom’s family?”
Charlie kissed her back. “I appreciate that you’re willing to live in Australia, but you’re not Chinese, so you don’t have to follow the Chinese custom. I love you so much and want you to be happy. I am more than happy to live in the UK with you.”
Caitlin dragged Charlie to sit down on the sofa and settled herself on his lap.
“Charlie, inside I am even more Chinese than most Chinese, and I am happy, really happy, to live in Australia. It is an unspoiled, or as close to an unspoiled and natural country as one can find nowadays. Ali and I discussed this, and we would both like to visit your family and live there. I’m sorry that we didn’t discuss it with you beforehand; please say you are happy with the decision.”
Charlie kissed Caitlin again, and that was obviously the answer to her question.
Caitlin stood up, looking around. “Alright, let’s get the ball rolling then. We’d better hurry; our plane is taking off in less than four hours.”
This, somehow, didn’t surprise Charlie as much as it should have. He’d already learned to accept Caitlin’s way of decision-making. If she decided to do something, she’d just get it done in the most efficient way.
They quickly packed everything into Caitlin’s suitcase and Charlie’s backpack; fortunately, Alice had taken most of the wedding decorations away, so it was not too difficult to finish packing and get ready to go in a short time.
After they had gone through customs at the airport, Charlie suddenly thought about something. “Cait, you and Alice need to apply for an immigration visa to live in Australia.”
“Don’t you worry about that, mate. Our passports are good for staying in Australia for ninety days, and after that, do you know how many Brits overstay in Australia at any given time? Over fifty thousand, so just relax and enjoy our honeymoon flight.”
“Great. By the way, you’re going to have a very warm Christmas in Australia.”
“Of course, I completely forgot about Christmas, and it’s summer in Australia. Well, I like the idea of a hot Christmas.”

The long flight was a test of endurance, but it was fun and joyful for Caitlin and Charlie. Apart from their endless whispering, they also successfully stole a few kisses when nobody was looking in their direction. When the plane landed at Perth International Airport, they were reluctant to leave their private space and enter the real world.
Although Charlie had been born and grown up up in Western Australia, the heat still struck him when he stepped off the plane. However, it didn’t dampen Caitlin’s enthusiasm to see everything in this strange land and meet Charlie’s family.
Alice met them outside the airport. Charlie had not told his sister about his marriage because he wanted to give her a surprise. They took a taxi and went to a serviced apartment not far from Charlie’s sister’s place.

“Charlie, is this alright to meet your family?” Caitlin asked, indicating her dress.
Charlie stared at his wife, stunned by her beauty. Her long dress was pure white, as light as a butterfly’s wings, and made her angelic features even more charming and irresistible. 
“You look like a fairy, an angel, and you are more beautiful than any human being I have ever seen or imagined. I still can’t believe you’re my wife. I must have done something wonderful in my previous life.”
“Maybe,” Caitlin said, smiling.
“What about me?” Alice asked.
Alice’s light bluish-green skirt looked stunning. The icy expression on her face was gone, replaced by a warm smile Charlie hadn’t seen since he first met her. 
“You look so pretty, and I love your skirt; it’s stunning.”
“Charlie, we are family now. Please forgive me for my rudeness towards you before.” Alice hugged Charlie and kissed him on his cheeks, making him blush. “Be nice to my sister.”
“You know I will, Ali.”
“Well, Charlie, see you later.” Alice walked towards the door.
“Are you not coming with us?” Charlie asked.
“Charlie, your family will be meeting Cait for the first time, so it’d be better for just you two to go. Besides, I have a few other things to take care of.”

Charlie had told his sister that he was bringing someone to meet her and her husband so they would have time to clean the house beforehand. When Charlie, accompanied by Caitlin, walked into the living area, he felt amused by his sister and her husband’s expressions. Clearly they couldn’t believe Charlie had come home with this stunning girl. It was a reaction Charlie knew he was going to have to get used to. 
“Cait, this is my sister, Gina, and her husband, Joe.” Charlie then turned to his sister. “Gina and Joe, this is my wife, Cait.”
“Your wife…” Gina said, shocked. When she finally regained her composure, she said, “Charlie, my little brother, you’ve married such a lovely girl.” She hugged Charlie and wept. “I am so happy for you.”
“Charlie, congratulations!” Joe shook Charlie’s hand.
“It’s very nice to finally meet you both. Charlie’s told me so much about you, and how kind and generous you were to bring him up.” Caitlin shook Gina and Joe’s hands.
“Cait, you have such perfect skin.” Gina still held Caitlin’s hand.
“Thanks, Gina.” Caitlin seemed embarrassed.
“I can’t believe my brother landed someone like you.” Gina didn’t notice Caitlin’s uncomfortable expression. “You’re even more gorgeous than a movie star or a model. You’re not only pretty but also so natural.”
“Gina, why don’t we all sit down?” Charlie said, coming to Caitlin’s rescue.
After everyone was sitting down, Gina said, “Cait, you should enter a beauty contest. I’m sure you’re more than qualified to become Miss World.”
Charlie put his arm around Caitlin’s shoulder, kissing her on her cheek. “Gina, Cait is my wife, and she isn’t going to enter any beauty contest.”
“Would you two like something to drink?” asked Joe.
“A beer for me, please, Joe,” Charlie said.
“I thought you didn’t drink alcohol, little brother,” Gina asked.
“Only occasionally, and today is a special occasion. We need to celebrate,” said Charlie. “Cait, would you like to try Australian wine?”
“Yes, I would like to have a glass of wine to celebrate meeting your family,” Caitlin said.
After a few rounds of toasts and more conversation about Charlie’s holidays, how he met Caitlin, and where they got married, Gina asked, “What are your plans?” 
Charlie held Caitlin’s hand, stroking her fingers gently, “Caitlin doesn’t like the city lifestyle; she’s more into natural living, so we will look for somewhere in the countryside.”
“In that case, Margaret River would be the place to start,” Gina suggested.

“I like the rolling countryside,” Caitlin said from the passenger seat while Charlie drove them along the country highways in the southwest corner of Western Australia. 
“Me too. The blue sky, white clouds, and so much space,” Alice said from the back seat.
The car went over a bridge that spanned a small creek flowing through the tree-lined farmland. Caitlin pointed at the small driveway they’d just passed. 
“Can we go back and have a look at the sign?”
It was a real estate sign—the farm was for sale, and there was an open home viewing that day.
“Let’s drive in and have a look.”

The long driveway along the tree-lined creek was the boundary between two farms. Between a large red gumtree forest on one side and a low hill on the other, a large farmhouse was visible. A new four-wheel-drive SUV was parked in front of the building. 
Soon after Charlie stopped the car, a middle-aged man walked out of the house. “A warm day, isn’t it? Come in. Would you like a cold drink?” the real estate agent said in a friendly greeting.
“Thanks, we’re alright.” Caitlin looked around inside the farm home. It had seen much better days in its life; large-scale renovations would be required.
“Are you looking for a hobby farm?” asked the real estate agent.
“Oh no, not a hobby farm.” Caitlin looked out from the large kitchen window. “What kind of farm was it, and why is it for sale?”
“It was a sheep farm. There’s a dam on the other side of the hill, so there’s plenty of water for irrigation.” The agent waved his hand over to the back door. “The old couple passed away and their kids live in the city, so here you go, it’s on the market.”
“How long has it been on the market?” Charlie asked.
“Well…” The agent seemed uncomfortable. “On and off the market for a few years now.”
Caitlin exchanged a look with Alice and said, “Do you mind if we have a look around the farm?”
“Of course not. I can show you the dam…”
“If you don’t mind, we would like to walk around by ourselves,” Caitlin said.

“Cait, are you seriously considering buying this farm?” Charlie asked after they were over the hill.
“Yes, I like it.” Caitlin turned to Alice. “Ali, what do you think about the Feng Shui?”
Alice looked around and nodded. “Not too bad. Creek, forest, hill, dam; it could be much worse.”
Charlie looked awkward. “Cait, I don’t have much savings. You know the little I had is all gone after my holiday.”
“Don’t worry about the money. I have some savings from working in the UK,” Caitlin said while scanning the surroundings near the dam.
“But do you have enough to buy this property?” The price was way beyond Charlie’s scope of affordability.
“No, I don’t.” Caitlin turned around, smiling. “But the price is negotiable.”
“Yes, but even if you’re able to reduce the asking price, it’s still a large sum.”
Alice was busily counting her fingers and finally finished. “I agree with your assessments. Charlie, the economy is struggling, and this farm has been on market for so long and nobody is interested, so we’d be able to get it at a fraction of its original asking price.”
Looking at the expression on Charlie’s face, Caitlin said, “Don’t feel bad about getting a bargain price. We’re not ripping them off but helping them out of their difficult situation. If we don’t buy it, they might not be able to get a buyer for another decade or more, and we’ll offer them a fair market price, so it’s a win-win situation.”
“I know you’re a good doctor, but I had no idea you were also an excellent negotiator.” Charlie laughed.
“Communication skills are a must-have ability for a doctor. Besides, I’m always fair with everyone.” Caitlin turned, walking back to the farmhouse, followed by Alice and Charlie.  
16.	New Assignment

James landed at Beijing airport. He felt relieved that Caitlin had removed her curse from him as promised and he had also got his weapons back. After he was through customs, James took a taxi straight to a high building in central Beijing. In a secured office, Chairman Tan, who had flown into Beijing specially, was waiting for him.
“Chairman Tan, I have a lead on capturing the two monsters that escaped from China to Europe ten years ago. Please assign me to Australia, and I promise I will hand you the two fugitives.”
“James.” Chairman Tan took a sip of his green tea and then said, “I know how much the pain of losing your wife on the case affected you, and I have given you ten years to track them down in Europe, but you have produced nothing concrete…”
“But I have a lead in Australia now,” James interrupted.
“Please let me finish my sentence,” Chairman Tan said slowly. “Since the first incident ten years ago, we haven’t had any reports to indicate that the fugitives have committed any crimes in Europe…”
“But I am confident that they killed the two vampires,” James said, interrupting his supervisor for the second time.
“James, you’ve been in the West for too long and have forgotten about Chinese manners. Please show some respect to your boss.”
“I’m terribly sorry, Chairman Tan.”
“It’s no crime to kill vampires; in fact, they should be encouraged to carry out such deeds, helping the council to fight against vampires.”
“I am sure that they didn’t kill the vampires in order to help us. They are evil monsters. They killed my wife, and I want them to be captured and destroyed.”
“As I said, I have given you ten years, much more than I should have, so we have to put an end to this wild goose chase. The case has been officially closed, and I have decided to assign you a new mission.”
James stared at his boss in disbelief. “Please, Chairman Tan, I am so close to getting them. You can’t take me off the case now. Please give me a couple more years and I promise…”
Chairman Tan interrupted James firmly. “No more words. I have made the decision.”
James nodded. He stood up, took off his weapons and put them on the desk. “Chairman Tan, I have decided to resign from the council.”
“James, do you know what you are doing?”
“Yes, I do.” James stood up and left.

James sat down on the chair in his hotel room and dialed a European phone number. Soon Alain Bevis, the European branch boss, answered. “What can I do for you, James?”
“Mr. Bevis, I just resigned from the Chinese branch, and I wonder if you are interested in my services.”
“Oh, what can you offer me?”
“I know who killed the two vampires in Venice.”
“So do we.”
“I also know that the two fugitives from China are now in Australia.”
“I know why you are so keen to catch them, because they killed your wife, but I am not interested in them.”
“Mr. Bevis, I can catch them and then use them to get to the vampires in Europe.”
“How?”
“They killed two vampires. The vampire family will not forget about that. If we can get them to fight against the vampire family, we would both get what we want. What do you say?”
“Okay, do you know where they are in Australia?”
“Not yet. These two fugitives are very powerful and extremely good at covering their tracks.”
“What are you going to do then?”
“I’ll search every inch of the continent to find them if I have to.”
“Well, James, good luck on your search, as Australia is a very large country. Contact me when you have something to offer.” He hung up.
James said to himself, “Oh, I will.” 
17.	Countryside

“Charlie, could you please pass me the hammer,” Alice said from the roof of the house.
Charlie picked up the hammer and started to climb the ladder.
“Just throw it to me,” Alice said while walking on the beams.
After purchasing the large farmhouse, they had started renovations almost immediately. Caitlin told Charlie that they were going to carry out the entire renovation themselves. Initially, Charlie thought she meant that they would organize all the contractors rather than getting a project manager, but he was completely wrong. Caitlin meant that they were going to actually do every single task with their own hands, including the roof renovation.
It was quite an experience. Charlie was helping Alice to lift long, heavy wooden beams; Alice did most of the heavy lifting and he merely helped with the balancing.
 “What should I do next?” Charlie asked Caitlin, who stood next to him. He had no idea how to repair the roof, but fortunately Caitlin did, so he and Alice just followed Caitlin’s instructions.
“You can start cooking lunch. I’m sure that we’re all quite hungry,” Caitlin said.
“No problem. Lunch will be ready soon.”

“Charlie, I’m impressed how quickly you learned to cook Sichuan dishes,” Caitlin commented while eating lunch in the unrenovated part of the house.
“Yeah, this stir-fried shredded potato tastes almost as good as Cait’s,” Alice said.
“Thanks,” Charlie said.
During their afternoon tea break, while Caitlin and Alice rested with a cup of green tea, Charlie walked in with a violin in hand.
“I didn’t know you played an instrument,” Caitlin said in a surprised but happy tone.
“All you have to do is ask; I am a man with many talents.” Charlie bowed to Caitlin and Alice. “Ladies, which piece would you like to hear?”
“Something soothing, peaceful,” Caitlin said in dreamy voice, her mind going back to the misty valley where the scholar had played the guqin for her.
“Alright.” Charlie gracefully put the violin on his shoulder, gently pressed the bow to the strings, and the sound of music filled the room. 
Caitlin closed her eyes, letting the music embrace her like a willow tree waving in the spring breeze, tears flowing down her cheeks.
When Caitlin opened her eyes again, Alice was nowhere to be seen. Only Charlie stood in front of her, playing the violin. He suddenly noticed her tears, stopped, and asked, “Are you alright, Cait?”
“It’s so beautiful…thank you for playing it for me.” Caitlin stood up, held Charlie’s face, and kissed him with great passion. “Charlie, please promise me you will play for me always.”
“The spring silkworm’s threads are only exhausted after its death, and the candle’s tears never cease until its body burns out. Cait, my love and my music are yours as long as I am still breathing.”

“By the way, tomorrow I’m going to Perth to buy more paint. Do you need anything else from the hardware store or other shops?”
“We’ve already bought most of the materials we need, and…” Caitlin glanced at Alice. “Ali, we may need wooden stakes and wires to fix the fences.”
“I might not know how to repair the roof, but I’m confident that I’m more than capable of fixing the fences,” Charlie said.
“I’m sure you are, but you have so much painting to do; besides, I want to redesign the fences, so I have to do it,” Caitlin said.
“What do you mean redesign the fences? I thought we just had to hammer the wooden stakes into the ground and then attach the wire,” Charlie asked.
“You’re right. However, I would like to make the fences look more interesting, use a bit of artistic design,” Caitlin said, taking a sip of green tea.
“Artistic design on farm fences? Very interesting. I’m looking forward to seeing what they look like.” Charlie put more rice into his bowl. 
“You won’t be disappointed, I promise. Here, take the shopping list.” Alice passed him a long list of various lengths and thicknesses of wooden stakes.

It was impressive how speedily the renovation progressed. The roof had been fixed, internal walls had been knocked down, rooms had been created and re-arranged, extensions added, but there was still more work to be done to get the house finished. 
During dinner, Charlie was surprised when Caitlin told him that they were going to Perth tomorrow, because it was the first time Caitlin and Alice had stopped working since the renovation started; it was always Charlie who drove to Perth and did all the purchasing.
“Tomorrow is tomb-sweeping day in the Chinese lunar calendar. This is the first year of our marriage, and I would like to pay my respects to your mother,” Caitlin said.
“Cait, if you didn’t have blue eyes and blonde hair, I would believe you were Chinese,” Charlie said.
“Maybe in my previous life I was Chinese, and I still want to be Chinese in this life even though I have a non-Chinese appearance,” Caitlin said. “We can’t choose what we look like, but we can decide what we want to be.”
“True,” Charlie said. “There are people who want to change their gender just because they believe they should have been born the opposite sex.”
“Don’t worry about that, Charlie; I am very happy to be your wife,” laughed Caitlin.
“That’s a big relief.” Charlie laughed. “Thanks for thinking about my mother; I’m sure she would be so excited to have such a wonderful daughter-in-law if she were still alive.”

Winter passed. By the time the wildflowers decorated the fields like magic carpets, their renovations were complete. It was a fine day, with a high, cloudless blue sky and bright sunshine. 
On the way out the front door, Charlie said, “Cait, are you sure the living room is big enough for your Tai Chi class?”
“I’m holding most of the classes outside on the lawn. I’ll use the living room as my healing clinic and for meditation purposes.”
“Oh, Charlie, have you arranged to advertise Cait’s business in the local newspaper?” Alice followed them out of the house.
“You bet.” Charlie spoke proudly. “Not only the local newspaper; I’ve also put it on major tourist websites nationally and internationally. Soon you’ll have more customers than you can handle.”

They walked along the new fences Caitlin and Alice had installed.
While admiring how well the fences had been constructed, Charlie saw some strange arrangements of wooden sticks at even intervals along the farm boundary. Clusters of wooden sticks were hammered into the ground in strange patterns: willow leaf, plum flower, and star, most of them seemingly just randomly arranged.
“Are they the artistic fence designs you were talking about?” Charlie asked.
“Do you like them?” Caitlin said.
“They’re very interesting, but I have to say, I have no idea what kind of art they are,” Charlie said.
“It’s modern art, very abstract, so you can imagine whatever you like.” Alice laughed.
Walking farther, Caitlin pointed to the area near the dam. “This area will be the organic vegetable garden, and this will be the plant nursery for my medicinal herbs.”
“Are you going to grow herbs here?” Charlie asked.
“Yes. In some cases, fresh herbs are much better than the dry ones. Besides, it’s not always possible to get the herbs I require, so it’s much more convenient to grow my own,” Caitlin said while showing Charlie how she was going to divide the areas into different regions for different kinds of herbs.
“But where can you get all of these herbs?” Charlie asked.
“We have the seeds with us,” Alice said.

During dinner, Caitlin went to the fridge and came back with a bottle of champagne. Charlie was surprised, as they hadn’t had anything alcoholic since Caitlin met his sister for the first time.
“Wow, champagne. What’s the occasion?” Charlie asked.
Caitlin poured some into each glass and then raised hers. “Charlie, congratulations on being a father-to-be!”
“Really?!” exclaimed both Charlie and Alice.
Caitlin nodded. Her smile was like a lotus flower in the warm sunlight.
“How long? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” said Charlie.
“Two months. I just wanted to make sure before telling you,” Caitlin said.
“I am going to be a father,” shouted Charlie happily. He hugged Caitlin and kissed her. “I’m so happy, Cait. It’s wonderful. I can’t believe I’m going to be a father…”

“Cait, please sit down and let me put the Christmas tree up.” Charlie dragged the pine tree into the living room, setting it down near the fireplace.
“I’ll give you a hand decorating the tree,” Alice said.
Caitlin sat on the couch, watching Charlie and Alice putting all sorts of decorations on the branches as she sorted through the mail. “I can’t believe our second Christmas is already around the corner.” She put both her hands on her abdomen. 
Charlie turned. “Cait, you should take it easy with your work; remember you are five months pregnant.”
“I can’t tell my patients to go away,” Caitlin said.
“They can go to other doctors,” Charlie said.
“The reason they came to me is because the other doctors can’t help them. I can’t believe so many people have food allergy problems and can’t eat wheat, peanuts, etc.” Caitlin stood up. “Anyway, I’m glad my herbal medicine is able to help them,” she said, handing Charlie some unopened mail.
Charlie casually looked through some bills before letting out a sound of surprise. “Cait, you have no idea how popular you are now. You’ve been nominated as the Australian of the year.”
Caitlin seemed unimpressed by the news and went to the kitchen to get a glass of water. “I’m just doing my job; I’m not interested in becoming famous. Can you please help me withdraw my name from the nomination somehow?”
After Alice put a large star on top of the Christmas tree, Charlie clicked the switch, and colorful Christmas lights blinked and twinkled cheerfully. 
“If anyone deserves the honor, you do. You’ve helped so many people.” Charlie paused when he saw Caitlin’s expression. “Alright, I’ll see what I can do.”
18.	Patients

Charlie walked to the kitchen area and saw Caitlin eating a bowl of muesli mixed with milk, yoghurt and bananas for breakfast. 
“Good morning, Cait.” Charlie also helped himself to a large bowl of muesli.
“Morning, Charlie,” Caitlin said brightly.
“How is the little one doing?”
Caitlin used her hand to stroke her belly gently. For being eight months pregnant, she was very small; in fact, an outsider would only think she had a bit extra weight around her waist if they were unaware of her pregnancy. 
“Your son has been very active recently, kicking me quite a lot.”
 “How do you know it’s a boy?”
“I have a feeling, and my feelings are usually quite accurate.”
“In that case, we should give him a name, rather than calling him the little one or your son.”
“I’ve thought about the name for a very long time, but I’m still uncertain which one is the best.”
“Are you talking about the name for our little prince?” Alice walked in from outside.
“Yes. Where have you been?” Charlie asked.
“Oh, I took a morning walk along the fence. It was very nice, fresh air and beautiful scenery. You should try it sometime.”
“Thanks, I will,” Charlie said.
Caitlin sat down with a cup of tea “Yesterday I had a patient, a rather strange case.”
“What do you mean ‘a rather strange case’?” Charlie asked whilst washing the plates.
“Well, he was a European tourist and had quite bad headaches that other doctors couldn’t diagnose, and his headaches didn’t respond to painkillers, even the strong ones.” Caitlin put her legs up, sitting more comfortably on the easy chair.
“What can you do if the other doctors were unable to identify the cause?” Charlie asked, drying and putting the clean dishes away.
“Give me some credit for being an alternative medicine practitioner. My patients usually come to me when other medical treatments fail. Anyway, I tried using acupuncture on his various nerve points, and it seemed to help him a bit.”
“Have you cured his headaches?” Charlie asked.
“No, it just temporarily relieved his pain,” Caitlin said. “However, I did notice he had other unusual symptoms.”
“Unusual symptoms?” asked Alice, who had been listening to their conversation while having her breakfast.
“As part of my routine, I check the condition of all patients’ general health before applying acupuncture. I checked his pulse and looked at his tongue and his eyes…” Caitlin didn’t finish her thought.
“What did you find?” asked Charlie impatiently.
“I’m not quite sure…” Caitlin said but Alice interrupted her. 
“Charlie, I noticed the irrigation to the herb nursery was broken when I walked past it this morning. Could you please fix it? It’s very important to water these herbs regularly,” said Alice.
“No problem. I’ll go and fix it right now.”

Charlie discovered that a few joints along the water pipes had burst. It was not a big deal; he went to the shed and found some spare joints. In less than half an hour, he had everything back in working condition. When he got back to the house, Charlie was surprised to see several cars parked in front of their home.
According to his recollection, Caitlin wasn’t holding a Tai Chi class today, and when she did, she would normally only get a handful of patients, but there were over two dozen cars outside. 
Charlie quickly entered the house; sure enough, dozens of patients were waiting in the living area while Caitlin applied acupuncture to a patient in the adjacent room. While most of the patients were European tourists, Charlie spotted a couple of locals in the queue.
After offering them water and trying to make them more comfortable while they were waiting, Charlie talked to Steve, a local grocery store owner. “Steve, I haven’t seen you for a while. What’s wrong with you?”
“I have very bad headaches. I hope I don’t have it. I’m so scared. On the TV, they said bad headaches are the main symptom of the virus.”
“What virus? What are you talking about?” Charlie asked.
“Don’t tell me you know nothing about this virus,” Steve said.
“We don’t have a TV here, and I rarely use the internet because it’s so slow…” 
Steve interrupted him. “Charlie, last night the World Health Organization announced that an ancient virus, released from the thawing in the deep soil in Russia due to the hottest summer ever last year, is currently causing a global .”
“My God.” Charlie couldn’t believe this was happening. He immediately knew what Steve was talking about. Having graduated with an environmental science degree, Charlie had been watching the environmental problems around the globe and knew about the mass thawing of the permafrost in Russia. However, he hadn’t been online in the last couple of days.
“Excuse me.” Charlie went to his study, quickly connected to the internet, and navigated to the WHO website. 

The situation was much worse than Charlie had expected when Steve told him about the virus: the authorities were expecting to find a cure in three to five years, and the eventual death toll was projected to be between fifty and four hundred million globally. The virus’s initial symptoms including flu-like fever, bad headaches, and rashes on victims’ bodies; in a week or so, the patients’ health would worsen rapidly, and it inevitably led to death. It was the most painful death of any known virus. To date, the WHO estimated that the virus had taken two million lives, and more than ten million people were infected. The number infected was increasing exponentially each day.  
Charlie sat there, not knowing what to think. People had been warned about global warming for many decades, but the major economic powers didn’t listen because they wanted to make more money and burn more fossil fuels. Now human beings would pay the price.
Charlie walked to Caitlin’s surgery room. She didn’t even have time to look at Charlie as she busily applied acupuncture to the patient. Charlie walked forward and wiped Caitlin’s face with a cold, wet towel. 
“Thanks, Charlie.” Caitlin immediately went back to the patient again.
Charlie put extra electrical fans in the surgery and the waiting room, offered the patients water, and fed Caitlin a few spoonsful of yoghurt in between patients. 
More patients arrived as the news spread. Towards dusk, TV crews arrived. In this desperate situation when traditional medical treatments had failed, people were turning to alternative medicine, hoping to find a miracle. Charlie blocked their way so the TV cameras were only able to hover around outside the building.  
Looking at Caitlin’s exhausted face and the ever-increasing queue, Charlie made up his mind: Caitlin had to stop and rest, as she had been working non-stop for the last twelve hours. 
“Excuse me, everyone. Unfortunately, I’m afraid that we’re finished for today. Please make your way out.”
It took a while for the reluctant patients and persistent TV crews to leave. Finally, everyone left, and their house was once more a quiet countryside retreat.

Caitlin, Alice, and Charlie sat in the living area. It was well past dinner time, but none of them had any desire to eat anything. Charlie had told them about the information he’d found on the WHO’s website about the virus.
“Two million people have already died?” Caitlin asked.
Charlie nodded.
“And the final death toll could be hundreds of millions, even if they somehow manage to find a cure eventually?” Alice asked.
Charlie nodded.
“Well, we’d better get some rest, as tomorrow will be another busy day,” Caitlin said.

“Is Charlie sleeping?” Alice asked as Caitlin re-entered the living room.
“Yes, he is, and he won’t wake up until tomorrow morning.” Caitlin sat on the couch. “Ali, have you found the herbal medicine books I asked for?”
“Yes, here they are.” Alice passed a pile of ancient, well-read books over; they were tied together with thin leather cords.
Caitlin turned a few pages in one, then put it down and picked up another. Time passed, and Alice sat there patiently, watching Caitlin read through the pile of books. Finally, Caitlin put the book in her hand down on the coffee table. 
“I found it. Over a thousand years ago, a virus caused millions of deaths in Russia, northern China, and eastern Europe.”
“The frozen soil has been there much longer than that. How could the virus be released by the soil thawing now?”
“The dead bodies were buried a thousand years ago, and the virus was activated again by last year’s hot summer. In fact, I now actually remember the event.  I cured so many patients then.”
“Do you still remember the cure for the disease?”
“Yes, I recorded it here: a herbal recipe worked on the patients at the time, so I’ll see if I can make it tonight and try it on the patients tomorrow.”
Alice opened her mouth, stopped, and then finally said, “Cait, I’m not sure how to say this, but I don’t think you should do it. It’s too risky.”
Caitlin lifted her gaze. “Millions of people’s lives are at stake.”
Alice swallowed hard. “I know that, but do you realize that if you use the herbal recipe to treat people and it works, our enemies will know immediately who we are and where we are. By doing that, you are putting your own life at risk. Think about it. You would have to say goodbye to your normal, quiet country life. You would have to run to the end of the world, worrying every moment for the rest of your life.” 
Alice moved to sit next to Caitlin and put her arm around Caitlin’s shoulder. “You are risking your life, your love, and your unborn baby. Do you realize that?”
“What should I do then?”
“Do nothing,” Alice said. “Nobody knows you have the recipe, and nobody expects you to be able to cure the virus. We don’t owe humans anything, considering how horribly they treat animals. This is their payback for abusing the environment and animals.”

Caitlin thought for a while “I agree with everything you said, but I can’t sit here and watch millions of people die.”
“What about your unborn baby? Do you think our enemies would let him live just because you saved millions of people’s lives?”
“I don’t know.” Caitlin laid one hand gently on her stomach. “We have to deal with it when it happens, but for now, we have to try to save people’s lives.”

Charlie woke up to a strong herbal aroma. He went to kitchen and saw a few large pots simmering on the stove. 
“What are you cooking? Are you making some herbal medicine?” asked Charlie.
“I happened to find an ancient herbal medicine recipe that worked on a virus a thousand years ago, so I thought I would give it a shot. You never know, it may work again.”
“Yes, absolutely. You’re brilliant, Cait.” Charlie kissed her. “I wonder sometimes if you’re a real angel, descended to the earth to help people.”
“I thought you didn’t believe in that supernatural nonsense stuff,” Alice said.
“It’s just an expression; it doesn’t mean I believe in angels.”
A knock at the door interrupted their conversation, and Charlie went to open it. It was Steve’s wife, who was crying so much that both her eyes were swollen. 
“Cait, please help my Steve. Last night he got so sick so fast. I’m afraid he’s going to die. Please, I beg you to try anything, any herbal medicine on him. You are his last chance…” she said, dissolving into tears.
“Kathy, where is Steve?” Caitlin asked.
“He’s at home. Cait, please help my poor Steve…”
Caitlin held Kathy’s hand. “Listen to me carefully, Kathy. I found an ancient herbal medicine recipe, but I’m not certain if it will work or not. By law, I’m not allowed to use it on a patient until it is approved. Are you willing to try it on Steve?”
Kathy’s eyes suddenly brightened. She wiped her red and swollen eyes, “You’re such an angel. Please try the herbal medicine on Steve. If it doesn’t work, he’s going to die soon anyway. I’ll sign anything to get him to try this herbal medicine.”
Just then, a bright light made everyone look up. A TV camera was filming them through the open front door. Caitlin quickly moved away from the opening and asked Charlie to close the door immediately.
“Charlie, can you please ask the TV crew to leave our property? Tell them they are not welcome here.” Caitlin turned to Kathy, “Go and get Steve here as soon as possible.”

Charlie looked at their front yard through the gaps in the curtains. After the news of the herbal medicine spread, desperate patients from all over the country arrived, hoping the herbs could save them from certain death. 
It had been three hours since Steve took the herbal medicine. Caitlin observed him carefully while Kathy and Alice watched anxiously. Steve was breathing evenly, and without warning, he opened his eyes and spoke weakly. 
“Cait, you’ve saved my life.” 
19.	TV News

James sat in the lobby of a backpacking hostel in Sydney, holding his beer. He had searched from Brisbane to Melbourne and then Sydney, but it had been fruitless. The sudden virus wasn’t helping his search; however, what he saw on the news changed his fortune.
The camera focused on a farmhouse in the southwest corner of the state of Western Australia. The camera panned to the people waiting in a long queue and then focused on the front door of the house. Although it was only for a brief moment, James saw Caitlin’s face clearly.
20.	The Cure

Charlie walked around the long queue of people and explained to them that although the herbal medicine recipe worked on the virus, Caitlin had to adjust the quantity of each ingredient according to each individual’s condition. It was a slow and frustrating process, meaning only a few people could be treated each day. Looking at their desperate expressions, Charlie felt helpless.
Caitlin had been occupied every second: feeling patients’ pulses, checking the status of their eyes and tongues, and then writing down the recipe. Alice would assist with gathering the proper amounts of each herb and then instructing the patient on how to boil the herbs and drink the concoction.
As usual, Charlie offered water to the patients and brought some quick food to Caitlin and Alice to eat between treating patients. Towards the end of the day, he heard some loud thumping noises outside and quickly ran to the front door. A helicopter was landing in front of the farmhouse.
As soon as the helicopter touched the ground, three people jumped out and walked rapidly towards Charlie. 
“I’m Charlie. What can I do for you?”
“Smith Grey, the foreign minister of the federal government of Australia. These two are top specialists from the WHO.”
Charlie shook their hands and led them into the house.
“Where is your wife?” the minister asked as they stepped inside.
“She is with a patient in that room.” Charlie pointed at the door on their left.
“We don’t have a lot of time. Please ask your wife, I believe her name is Caitlin, to stop the consultation and meet these two specialists,” the minister requested.
“But the patient is dying…” 
“Millions are dying everywhere, and that’s why we need do this as quickly as we can, so we can save more lives,” one of the specialists said.
Charlie went inside the clinic. The patient was an eighteen-year-old local boy. It seemed he had just sat down in front of Caitlin. Charlie hesitated for a few seconds and then said reluctantly, “Jack, I’m afraid you have to leave; the foreign minister and two specialists from the WHO want to talk to Caitlin immediately.”
“Charlie, please save me. I don’t want to die…I have a girlfriend, and I have so much I want to do in my life…please save me…” the boy cried hopelessly. 
Caitlin looked at Charlie. “Can we just finish Jack…”
“I’m afraid you can’t.” The foreign minister walked in with the two specialists.
“But it’ll only take a few minutes,” argued Caitlin.
“The few minutes could mean the loss of millions of lives,” one of the specialists said in strongly German-accented English.
“Charlie, please help the patient to leave,” the minister ordered.
Charlie shook his head and half dragged Jack out of the room. Through the front door, Charlie saw a few dozen army soldiers forcing patients to leave and then forming a perimeter around the property. 
Jack held Charlie’s hand. “It’s not fair…”
Charlie patted his shoulder. “The specialists will be able to find the crucial elements in the herbal medicine recipe so they can manufacture it in large quantities and save the rest of the world.”
“But I’ll die soon.”
“You are young and strong; you will survive until the cure is available.”
Outside the door, Jack’s mother and his girlfriend walked Jack away from the house, both crying uncontrollably.
Charlie walked back to their now empty living area. Hearing the intense conversation inside Caitlin’s clinic, Charlie decided it’d be better not to disturb them. He sat on the sofa, watching the two lines of army soldiers guarding their front door.
Time passed painfully slowly, and finally the door opened and they all walked out.
“Caitlin, on behalf of the Australian government and the rest of the world, I thank you for finding and donating this herbal recipe. People around the globe will never forget this.” The minister shook her hand and left with the two specialists.
Caitlin looked beyond exhausted, almost close to collapsing. Charlie quickly walked forward, put his arms around her and led her to the sofa to sit down. Alice brought a cup of green tea for each of them.
It was silent for a long time, and finally Charlie spoke first. “Cait, you have saved the world.”
Tears fell down Caitlin’s cheeks. “I can’t forget the desperate expression on Jack’s face. I was so close to saving his life…”
Alice hugged Caitlin. “It’s not your fault that you were unable to help him.”
Charlie thought for a moment. “Cait, are you still able to help Jack?”
Caitlin shook her head. “They took everything away, every single scrap of my herbs and plants, dry or fresh.”
Caitlin finally stopped weeping and managed to sip some green tea. “I suppose it was the correct decision: millions of lives depend on the analysis of those herbs, so they don’t want to take any chances.”
“It’s the hardest decision to sacrifice a few individuals in order to save the world,” Charlie said, but nobody responded. “Cait, why didn’t they invite you to participate in the analysis, considering it’s you who discovered the recipe?”
Caitlin laughed bitterly. “Charlie, they don’t need me. I’m an alternative herbal medicine practitioner who has no idea how modern medicine or science works. Anyway, I gave them all of my notes, observations, and the recipes I used today. Let’s hope they find the cure soon.”
 
One day passed, and there was no news about the cure. Then two days, three—finally a week. 
Jack’s mother rang Charlie and told him that Jack had died the previous night. She said that Jack wanted her to tell Caitlin that he thanked her for trying to help him and he understood it was the right decision to save the rest of the world.
More people were reported to be infected by the virus, and more deaths were announced on the news; people were frightened and prayed for the cure.
Charlie watched Caitlin with worry. She had been eating less and frowning more since the visit from the specialists. Initially, Charlie thought it was because of Jack’s death, but he felt there was more to it, but Caitlin didn’t want to talk about it, and Charlie didn’t know how to ask.

Charlie logged on to their slow internet connection almost every hour, hoping to see any news of the cure, but each time he was left disappointed.
One morning, Charlie went out and fixed a few irrigation problems; soon after he stepped back inside the house, he sensed that something had happened. Caitlin and Alice were hugging each other, crying and dancing in their living room.
“What happened?” Charlie asked.
“Oh, Charlie.” Caitlin smiled through her tears. “They have successfully extracted the elements and made the cure. It’s on TV.” 
They had bought a TV since the epidemic started.
“Really?!” Charlie laughed, hugging Caitlin and Alice and crying and cheering with them.
Soon it was reported that, unlike a traditional vaccine that would take a very long time not only to make but also to distribute and administer, this particular cure could be taken orally. Therefore, it meant that it could be manufactured in large quantities and directly inserted into the drinking water. As a result, millions of victims around the globe had been cured rapidly. The epidemic had been stopped. 
21.	Special Force

James knocked on the hotel room door in downtown Perth, and a large man wearing a black suit opened it for him.
“Ah, James, come in,” Alain Bevis, the boss of the European branch, said.
“Sir, you must be tired; it’s a long flight.” James sat on the sofa opposite Bevis, noticing several other black-suited men standing around the room. 
“My brain knows this is morning, but my body tells me it’s still midnight. The problem of modern science.” Bevis waved his hand in the air, dismissing his concerns. “James, are you sure the woman you saw was the same one who killed the vampires in Venice?”

“Yes, sir, I am certain,” James said.
“In that case, we are going to have some fun.” The boss laughed, and his men laughed with him.
“Sir, the target, her name is Caitlin. She just saved the world by creating the herbal medicine cure. Are you sure you are still going to go ahead with the plan?” James asked carefully.
“Saved the world? Oh no, she didn’t save the world; it was science that saved the world. We would have found the cure eventually without her formula, believe me, my boy,” Bevis said, drinking his whiskey.
“But without her help, millions would have died before the cure was found,” James said.
“People die all the time for all kinds of reasons. We have far too many people living in this world as it is. Something to drink?” Bevis asked.
“No, thanks. Sir, what is the exact plan? I don’t believe we’ve discussed the details yet.” 
“No, we haven’t. The plan is quite simple. We take her to Italy and force her to find Vampire Mancini’s den for us.” Bevis swallowed another mouthful of whiskey. “I believe, according to your description, this monster should be quite good at finding vampires, right?”
“Right, sir.” James looked around the room and then said, “Sir, how exactly are you going to take her to Italy?”
Bevis raised his glass, gesturing around the room towards the men standing around the perimeter. “James, these are the special agents from the European branch.” Bevis gazed at James for a few seconds. “There are more in other rooms. In total we have more than a dozen of them here in Western Australia, the largest deployment outside Europe in my branch’s history. Believe me, James, I haven’t underestimated our enemy.”
“What kind of equipment do they have with them?” James asked.
“I can see the worry on your face. I don’t blame you, as you have no idea what these boys are capable of.” Bevis pointed at the large man who’d opened the door for James when he entered the room. “This is Harris, my son, and also the team leader of the special force.”
“Hi, Harris, nice to meet you.” James shook Harris’ hand.
“Last year, Harris killed the largest scorpion monster in Africa singlehanded,” Bevis said proudly.
“I heard about that. Very impressive,” James said, but his tone did not match his words.
“Two years ago, Harris and his team spent four months in South America tracking and finally finding the werewolves’ den. They killed all the werewolves, a total of fifty-eight, and not a single one escaped,” Bevis said.
“Even the baby ones?” James asked.
“Man, there were no babies, just monsters,” Harris said.
James thought for a while. “I thought this particular family of werewolves had never killed a human and just lived in the wild like all other wild animals.”
“They had to be eliminated because they are evil monsters, regardless of whether they have killed humans or not,” Harris said.
Bevis stood up and walked to the window. He looked out for a while before turning back. “James, don’t be sentimental. Evil monsters are evil, no matter whether they are babies or whether they have harmed a human or not.”
James stood up, looking at Harris. “When are you going to do it?”
“We’ve already started.” 

“Charlie, I don’t think I’ll be able to attend the ceremony next week,” Caitlin said. She half lay on the sofa in the living area, stroking her abdomen gently with both hands.
“We’ve discussed this many times.” Charlie brought her a glass of water. “You are a hero, Cait. You saved the world. The prime minister is going to present you with an award at the ceremony, and people around the globe will want to see your face…”
Caitlin interrupted him. “I’m nine months pregnant.”
“Yes, we need to be careful with Cait,” Alice said.
“I know that, but Cait, you have no problem moving around and carrying on with all kind of tasks here; I don’t understand why you are so reluctant to make the three-hour trip and accept the award.”
“Charlie, the reason I did what I did was because I wanted to help people and save lives, not for the award. Please tell them that I have health issues and am unable to attend. I beg you, Charlie, please help me.”
Charlie sighed. “I will see what I can do.”

After dinner, while Charlie was washing dishes, Caitlin and Alice sat watching TV in the living area. Caitlin had to admit it was a mistake to purchase the TV. They now spent more time staring mindlessly at the screen than they did talking to each other. It was not all negative, however, because they did get lots of information from the programs.
The epidemic had only ended a few short weeks ago, but it seemed like people had completely forgotten about it; the news was back to normal. But tonight, although Caitlin and Alice sat in front of the TV, they didn’t pay any attention to whatever was on the screen.
‘Did you notice the thugs sneaking around our farm last night?’ Alice asked through their sister-talk.
‘Yes, I did. I knew they’d come but didn’t expect it so quickly.’
‘This is the reward for helping humans.’
‘Ali, please don’t say any more.’
‘From the beginning, I knew this would happen. What can we do? You’re nine months pregnant.’
‘Ali, I don’t regret saving those lives. Let’s deal with these thugs first, before my son is born.’
‘Then what? Take your son with you as you run around the world and hide from these hunters? When will it end?’
‘I don’t know. I do feel sorry for my unborn son; he will have no choice but to live with a mother like me.’
‘Don’t say that. You are the best mother anyone could have.’
‘Anyway, let’s deal with the urgent issue first. With the fence, we should be able to hold them for the time being until our son is born, and then we can go somewhere else.’
‘Why don’t we just leave now?’
‘I need time to work out how to tell Charlie the truth; if we leave now, I’ll lose him forever.’
‘Have you considered that by staying here, you are risking your own life and that of your unborn son? Is Charlie’s love worth it?’
‘Please don’t make me choose between my baby and Charlie; I want both. And please don’t forget that this is Charlie’s child, too. Please be patient with me. We can do it. We’ve been working on this farm for a while, and I’m confident it will be strong enough to protect us until our son is born. After that, I promise you, I’ll be able to work out a plan to get everyone out of here safely, including Charlie.’
‘All right. But I have a feeling they are going to attack soon.’
‘Thanks, Ali. I don’t know what I would do without you around. Are you confident that you can operate the formation when they attack?’
‘Don’t worry about that; I learned these magic formations from you, and this will be the perfect opportunity to apply them.’
‘I’m glad. I’ll be beside you the whole time.’
‘Oh, one more thing. The Duanwu festival is next Friday. I might need to hide in the forest for the day, as I’m afraid that my power may not be strong enough to endure the seasonal changing.’
‘Good idea. I’ll just tell Charlie that you are going out somewhere and he won’t suspect anything unusual.’
“Are you sure you’ll be alright that day, considering you are so heavily pregnant?”
“Don’t worry; I have sufficient power to endure these vulnerable times. Although my pregnancy may weaken my power a bit, I am confident I will be alright. Besides, if both of us suddenly disappear, what would Charlie think? I don’t want him to have any doubts about me.’
“What are you girls watching?” Charlie asked as he came into the living room.
“The usual stuff,” Caitlin said.
“I’m going to make myself a cup of tea; any orders?” Alice stood up.
“Green tea for me, please,” said Caitlin.
“Milk tea for me, please,” said Charlie. 
22.	Farm Fence

“Stop here,” Harris ordered.
James got out of the four-wheel drive. It was a moonless night, and thick darkness filled every inch of the countryside. He knew there wasn’t a single human within twenty kilometers of Caitlin’s farm; a perfect location for such an operation.
They were about three kilometers from the target. In order to avoid detection, they were going to walk the rest of the distance. Harris ordered the men to park their vehicles on lower ground. Switching on the night vision equipment on his helmet, James could clearly see Harris and his team busily readying their weapons and equipment. 
James was not allowed to participate in the attack tonight, so he had nothing other than the night vision helmet and communication equipment so he could help the team with his local knowledge.
Despite never being involved with the special force of the European branch, James was no stranger to their weapons and equipment. Apart from the magic guns and magic dynamite, which were the standard weapons, these soldiers had many other pieces of sophisticated equipment with very advanced technology. Their backpacks enabled them to glide in the air or parachute from planes or cliffs, and they had enough oxygen for underwater diving and sufficient water and food supplies to survive for days in isolated conditions. Their specially designed uniforms were able to keep them cool in extreme heat and warm in freezing cold climates.
Each soldier was also armed with a multifunctional weapon that could shoot nets to capture targets, darts with ropes to climb up cliffs or tall buildings, arrows, bullets, bombs or flames to destroy, and they could also transform into a spear or sword if required.       
Harris checked everyone’s weapons and equipment and was satisfied, so he ordered through the communication system, “Spread out and get into position as quietly as possible. Using your GPS, report back to me when you’re in position.” 
He then turned to James. “You stay with me at all times.”
“Yes, sir.” James followed Harris and they both disappeared into the darkness.

‘Cait, I can smell them. From that direction,’ Alice said via their sister-talk, pointing to their left. 
Caitlin and Alice sat on the little hill not too far away from their farmhouse; it was the highest point in the area.
Caitlin concentrated for a moment. ‘You’re right; there are sixteen people walking this way, but they are still a couple of kilometers away.’
‘Very impressive; you are able to be so exact and at such a long distance.’
‘It’s only that I’ve had more practice than you. There is more: I’m pretty sure that the field agent from China, James, is there with them.’
‘Can you tell where these people are from?’
‘I’m certain that they are from the European branch. They must be Alain Bevis’ men.’
‘Why would the European branch be interested in us?’
‘Not sure, but I guess it has something to do with James. He must have some deal with Alain Bevis if the European branch boss is willing to send his special force to help him.’
‘I knew it had to be this James. He is the only one who knew our faces; he must have seen you on TV. We should have killed him in Paris.’
‘Ali, I only save lives. I don’t kill people. Please don’t break the rule tonight.’
‘But they are going to kill us…’
‘It won’t be that easy; trust me.’

Following Harris, James stopped about half a kilometer from the farm fence. He heard Harris’ voice reporting their progress to Bevis, who sat in his hotel room, watching the action on a large flat-screen TV.
“Boss, we are all in position as planned,” Harris reported.
“I can see you all on the screen. All groups are ready to proceed, but be as quiet as possible,” Bevis ordered from three hundred kilometers away.
“James, stay behind me.” Harris walked towards the fence; James and the other two soldiers followed.

‘Cait, it seems they are attacking.’
‘Yes, they are; there are four groups attacking from all directions.’
‘Should I start all four formations at the same time?’
Caitlin watched the approaching enemy for a moment. ‘You’re in charge of east and north; leave south and west to me. Remember, don’t kill anyone, just trap them inside the formations, okay?’
‘Okay.’ Alice turned, facing northeast. She let her loose hair fall down her back and then held out a sword, mumbling a long string of words. Beside her, Caitlin, who faced southwest, was doing the same.

James, following Harris, approached the farm fence from the north. With the help of the night vision equipment on his helmet, James could see there was a small creek flowing along the boundary of the property. It was a narrow, shallow creek, at most a meter wide and half a meter deep. As they got closer, James felt as if something was not quite right, but he just couldn’t work out what it was.
He was going to say something to warn Harris, but Harris and the other two soldiers had already jumped over the creek, so James had to follow. 
James quickly caught up with Harris. “Harris, something’s not right.”
Harris turned. “What’s wrong?”
“I’m not quite sure, but I suggest we stop and observe for a moment first; I’m worried that we are heading into a trap.”
“A trap, on this tiny farm? Are you serious? We studied the satellite photos of the farm; if there is any trap, we should be able to see it.”
“Maybe booby traps,” James said.
“You know what this is?” Harris showed James his watch-like device on his left arm. 
“No, I don’t,” said James.
“It’s a special gadget that is capable of detecting traps underground, such as mines or explosives. Basically, it’ll warn me if the ground is unsafe to walk on.”
“That’s very handy,” James said, but he still didn’t feel relaxed about what lay ahead of them.
Soon they reached another small creek, almost identical to the one they’d jumped over not long ago. James quickly put his hand up. “Harris, stop.”
Harris turned around. “What’s the matter now?”
James looked at the creek for a moment, turning around and looking back the way they’d come. “According to the photos, I believe there is only one creek along the farm.”
“Yes, I remember that, too, but it’s not a big deal; maybe the creek is too small to show up on the satellite photos. Come on; we don’t have the whole night to worry about a little creek.”
James wanted to say something more, but Harris and the other two had already jumped over the creek, so he had no choice but to follow.
“James, you are just too cautious; I’ve seen much worse conditions than you could ever imagine.” Harris patted James’ shoulder but then suddenly stopped. In front of them was another creek, exactly the same as the one they’d all just jumped over. He turned to James. “This is weird. I don’t think any farm in this country would have three creeks in parallel.” Just then, Harris heard his father’s voice in his earpiece. 
“Harris, what are you doing? You just jumped back and forth over the same creek.”
“Boss, we just crossed two creeks.”
“No, Harris, you just crossed the same creek twice,” the boss said in Harris’ earpiece.
A thought suddenly burst into James’ mind. “Boss, have you heard or seen anything unusual from the other three groups?”
“No, hang on.” 
James then heard the reports from the other three groups: the group in the west was trapped inside endless barbed wire fences; the group in the east was lost in the forest; the group in the south was surrounded by brush fires.
“Boss, please listen to me carefully. We’ve fallen into her magic formations.”
“What is this magic formation?” asked the boss.
“I’ll explain soon, but first, you have to ask all the groups to stay where they are. Don’t move, don’t fight; don’t do anything at all. Please do exactly as I say, otherwise one or all of us could be killed tonight.”
James heard Bevis order everyone to follow James’ instructions and then said, “This is called the five-element, four-direction magic formation: wooden formation to the east, fire formation to the south, metal formation to the west, and water formation to the north, and earth formation in the center.”
“James, apart from trapping us inside these formations, what else can they do to us?” Harris asked.
“They could do anything to us if they wanted to.”
“Do you think they would kill us?” Harris asked, sounding worried.
James thought for a while. “I don’t think so; if they wanted to kill us, we would already be dead.”
“Do you know how to get out of these magic formations?” Bevis asked.
“Unfortunately, I don’t.”
“So what can we do?” asked Harris.
“I suggest we stay put and wait for sunrise.”
“Then what?” asked the boss.
“If I am right, she doesn’t want to kill us, just warn us not to disturb her, so she’ll let us out after sunrise.”
“I hope you’re right.” Harris sat on the grass and waited. 
23.	Plans

The sun was up, and the surroundings gradually came into focus. James looked back and then forward again, seeing the little creek was still a meter ahead of them. After so much struggling last night, they hadn’t even managed to cross the little creek.
“James, I don’t see any magic formations anywhere. Maybe the trick only works at night. Why don’t we attack during daylight?” Harris asked.
“I don’t recommend we do anything like that. As I said before, it seems she has released the exits, allowing us to retreat, which explains why we can’t see anything unusual. If we attack again, her magic formations won’t be as friendly as last night,” James said.
“All groups retreat back to Perth immediately,” Bevis ordered.

“James, it seems you knew about the magic formations. Why didn’t you warn us beforehand?” Bevis asked during the briefing in the hotel room.
“I wouldn’t say I know about the magic formations. I’ve just heard of them. I had no idea this monster knew how to create and operate them. I have to admit, we have far underestimated her power,” James said.
“Could we use conventional bombs to attack her?” Harris asked.
“It’d kill her husband and any other people on site, but it wouldn’t do much to harm her,” James said.
“Can we send a drone to drop the magic dynamite onto the farmhouse? Then we wouldn’t need to worry about the formations on the ground, right?” Bevis asked.
“From my limited knowledge of magic formations, I doubt the plane would be able to fly over them,” James said.
“Why? I thought the magic formations were on the ground,” Harris said.
“The force fields over the formations would destroy any attacking objects,” James said.
After a long silence, Bevis asked, “Are you telling me that there is nothing we can do to get her?” 
“Far from it, sir.” James waited until he had everyone’s full attention. “You may have heard about the ancient Chinese military strategy, the art of war.” 
Harris shrugged. “It’s all about knowing yourself and knowing your enemy. And if you do, you can win every battle. I know that stuff, but what can it do for us?”
“Harris, have you also heard this? ‘Winning every battle is not the best, but making your enemy surrender without battle is the ultimate strategy,’” James said.
Bevis put his hand up to stop Harris’ argument. “James, I like what I’m hearing. Please enlighten us.”
“Thanks for your encouragement, sir. Last night’s experience showed that we don’t know our enemy very well, so it was lucky we didn’t have any casualties as a result. Now we all agree that it will not be easy to use force; therefore, we need to find her weakness.”
“Very interesting. Please continue. Do you know any of her weaknesses?” Bevis asked.
James though for a moment and decided it would be unwise to disclose to Bevis his encounter with Caitlin in Paris. “After seeing her on the news, I have done quite extensive research on her, including an online search and talking to the locals. My conclusion is that her weakness is her relationship with Charlie. She loves him too much.”
“What bullshit!” Harris laughed. “Is an evil monster capable of loving anyone, let alone a human?”
“I would say if there is ever a truer love in this world, look no further,” James said.
The boss clapped his hands. “James, I am really impressed. So if we get Charlie, she will do anything we want.”
“You are absolutely correct in theory,” James said.
“In theory? I can’t see what the problem is. We wait and grab Charlie when he’s off the farm. He’ll have to leave the farm eventually, right?” Bevis said.
James picked up his glass of whiskey and sipped it. “He won’t necessarily come out for a while after last night’s events, and my gut feeling is that they may disappear soon, so this could be the last time we’ll ever hear about them.”
“James, just spit it out. I’m sick of all your bloody talking,” Harris said.
“Sorry, sir, but it’s necessary to talk these matters over so we all understand what we’re going to do next and why,” James said.
“Keep talking.” Bevis poured more whiskey into James’ glass.
“The prime minister is going to present an award to Caitlin for her contribution to stopping the epidemic. I believe it’s set for next Wednesday…” James said, but was interrupted by Harris. 
“So we can get her when she is off the farm.”
“I don’t think she will leave the farm to accept the award, but Charlie might attend the ceremony on her behalf,” James said.
“So we take Charlie after the ceremony,” Harris said excitedly.
“No, we can’t,” James said.
“Why? If you’re worried about diplomatic issues, I can assure you that I’ll be able to smooth over any problems. I have lots of connections with the Australian government,” the boss said.
“Sir, diplomatic problems are the last thing on my mind. The real problem is that Caitlin gave him a gold lock. As long as he has the lock on him, we won’t be able to take him by force, as the lock has magic power that will protect him.”
“Get to the point, James. You’re driving me crazy.” Harris stood up and walked to the window.
“So how do we get rid of this magic lock?” Bevis poured more whiskey into James’ glass.
“Unfortunately, we can’t. Charlie is the only one who can. But, of course, he won’t take it off as long as he loves her.”
“Bloody hell, who do you think we are, a marriage consulting service?” Harris turned, laughing uncontrollably. 
Bevis ignored Harris’ comment. “James, do you think you can make Charlie stop loving her?”
“It’s impossible to make someone stop loving someone else. They have to make their own decision. However, I can help Charlie to make the correct decision.”
“How?” the boss asked.
“Based on my observation and research, Charlie doesn’t know what Caitlin really is, and he won’t believe a word we say if we try to tell him the truth, so he has to witness the truth himself,” James said.
Bevis nodded but said nothing. Harris also came back to the couch, listening intently. 
“Next Friday is the Chinese Duanwu festival, the fifth day of the fifth month in the Chinese calendar. It’s the seasonal change point and also the most vulnerable time for all monsters who are in human form. If we could persuade Charlie to get his wife to drink a glass of Chinese herbal spirits, which is by itself a harmless alcoholic drink every Chinese person drinks to celebrate the festival, there is a strong chance she will reveal her true form.”
Bevis thought for a while. “You want me to change the prime minister’s award ceremony to next Friday so we can meet Charlie and give him the Chinese herbal spirit.”
“I’m sure you have sufficient influence to delay the ceremony for a couple of days,” said James.
Bevis stood up and talked to Harris quietly for a few minutes and then said, “I have an even better solution. When we meet Charlie, we put a special poison in his drink—one he won’t feel until that night, so regardless of whether his wife drinks the Chinese herbal spirit or not, he’ll be dead in a few days unless she gets the antidote. And guess what? Only Vampire Mancini has the antidote.”
“So she would have no choice but to find the vampire’s den and ask for the antidote,” Harris said. “Of course, the vampires wouldn’t give her the antidote easily, particularly since she killed two of their fellows.”  
“Then she and the vampires would try to kill each other. Meanwhile, we would be able to tail her and then ambush them both, so we’ll solve all our problems in one go.” Bevis raised both his arms up in the air in a gesture of victory.
James thought for a few minutes. “Sir, Charlie could die as a result.”
“It’s Charlie’s own fault for marrying the monster. Don’t be sentimental, James. Even if Charlie dies, he’s only collateral damage,” Bevis said.
James didn’t reply.
“You know what? If by any miracle she is able to get the antidote and revive her husband, when Charlie wakes up, the first thing he will remember is that his wife is actually a monster, so he’ll seek our help,” said Harris.
“I know how we can really help him. Bring him to Venice and set our own magic formations while we wait for Caitlin’s visit.” Bevis laughed.
Everyone in the room joined in the laughter except James. 
24.	Ceremony

“Cait, the prime minister’s award ceremony has been postponed to this Friday,” Charlie said.
“This Friday?” Caitlin asked.
“Yes, they said that it’s the only time the prime minister is free,” said Charlie. “Do you think you’ll be able to attend?”
“Oh, definitely not this Friday,” Alice said.
“What’s wrong with this Friday?” Charlie asked.
“Nothing. What I’m trying to say is that Cait hasn’t been feeling well recently, so she should avoid anything like that,” said Alice.
“Charlie, have you told them that I can’t attend the ceremony? You promised me you would,” said Caitlin.
“I know I said that.” Charlie made a sad and painful expression. “But they insisted on inviting you to the ceremony.”
“But I can’t,” said Caitlin firmly. “Charlie…”
Charlie laughed. “Don’t panic, Cait. Guess what? I managed to get you off the hook and said I would attend the ceremony in your place.”
“Really?” said Caitlin.
“Really!”
“Oh, Charlie, I love you so much!” Caitlin hugged and kissed Charlie.
“Can’t you wait until I leave the room?” Alice complained jokingly.
“When do you have to go to Perth?” asked Caitlin.
“They’ll send a helicopter to pick me up this Friday morning and also fly me back in the afternoon the same day.”
“Wow, Charlie, a helicopter. Very impressive,” laughed Alice.
“It’s nothing to do with me; I just got a free ride. This is all about Cait.”
“But you are representing me, my dear husband,” Caitlin said.

The formal ceremony was held in a luxury hotel before lunchtime; it seemed that people had already forgotten about the horror of the epidemic, as there was much less media than one would expect for such an event.
After the speech praising Caitlin’s heroic actions that had saved millions of people’s lives around the globe, the prime minister, in front of live broadcasting TV cameras, presented the gold medal to Charlie. He then held up a Chinese bottle embossed with beautiful Chinese characters and paintings.
“I was informed that today is the fifth day of the fifth month in the Chinese lunar calendar—the Duanwu festival in Chinese culture—and every Chinese citizen drinks this special herbal spirit to celebrate the occasion.” The prime minister raised the bottle up in front of the TV cameras and then looked at Charlie. “Charlie, you need to make sure that your wife drinks at least one glass of this special festival spirit; you can tell her it’s an order from her prime minister.”  
Everyone laughed.
“No worries, Mr. Prime Minister. I’ll make sure your order will be followed,” said Charlie.
The ceremony was followed by a splendid buffet lunch and cocktail hour. After chatting with a few people, Charlie heard someone call his name. Turning around, he couldn’t believe his eyes: it was James.
“James, how can you be here?”
“I just happened to have some business here. I’ve been wondering which part of Australia you were living in. Congratulations on having such a wonderful wife! Everyone in the world is in debt to her; we could all be dead if she hadn’t found the herbal recipe. To Caitlin the great,” James said, raising his glass.
“Thanks, James.” Charlie raised his glass, too.
“Cait must be really unwell if she can’t attend a ceremony like this. I do hope she is alright.”
Charlie hesitated for a moment. “Cait is nine months pregnant, and she hasn’t felt very well recently…”  
The shock on James’ face and in his voice when he spoke was unmistakably real. “Charlie, this is big news! I mean, I wasn’t prepared for such a big…great news.” He paused and glanced over Charlie’s shoulder. 
Following James’ eyes, Charlie saw a few black-suited men standing not far from him, and then James spoke again. “Congratulations, Charlie!”
“Thanks. So, James, what’s your business here in the most isolated capital in the world?”
 “Charlie.” James stared at Charlie’s face for a few seconds and spoke seriously. “Do you still remember what my occupation is?”
“Of course I remember. You’re a field agent for the intercontinental supernatural council,” said Charlie, laughing.
“I am here to assist the Australian branch on a monster case.”
“I thought the field agent thing was just a joke for my stag night.”
“Unfortunately, it’s not.” James stared at Charlie’s face for a few seconds. “Look, Charlie, I’ve noticed that the evil energy is still on your face. It’s very important that we get to the bottom of this, particularly because you are now going to have a new baby.”
A worried expression transformed Charlie’s face. “What’s this evil energy? How could it be on my face?”
“I’m not sure. There could be many possibilities, such as the Feng Shui where you live, or if you have the wrong pets, but it’s not very serious at the moment. I tell you what, when I finish my business here in the city, I can visit your home and investigate what’s going on.”
“Cait and I would gladly welcome you to our farm for a visit. We have great country views.”
James pointed at the bottle of spirits beside the gold medal that the prime minister had presented to Charlie. “The herbal spirit is not only to celebrate the festival but also to repel evil energy from our bodies.”
“So I’ll drink a few more glasses of it. Is that all I need to expel the energy from my face?”
“It’d definitely help, but I still need to find out the source of the evil energy. Oh, Charlie, make sure Cait also drinks some of the herbal spirit to help protect your unborn baby from the evil energy.”
 “Thanks, James.”
“Please don’t mention me or the evil energy to Cait. I want to surprise her when I visit your farm.”  
25.	The Fifth Day

As soon as Charlie walked into the house, Alice immediately covered her nose. “Charlie, you’ve been drinking again.”
“Ali, Charlie attended the ceremony for me, so he was drinking for me.”
“Thanks, Cait. It’s true, Ali, I was obliged to drink with the government officials.”
“You always find excuses to start drinking again; I’m sure you didn’t need to drink that much to fulfil your official duty,” Alice said.
“You’re being unreasonable.” Charlie turned to Caitlin. “Cait?”
“Could you both stop? It’s a great day in our lives. We had the honor of receiving this award from the prime minister, and it’s also the Duanwu festival, so please cheer up. We should be happy and celebrate.”
“Yes, we should celebrate the great day.” Charlie took the Chinese herbal spirit bottle from his backpack.
“What? Are you planning to drink more?” Alice asked.
Charlie laughed. “When the prime minister presented this bottle to us in front of the TV cameras, he ordered me to make sure that Cait drank at least one glass. Besides, every Chinese person around the world is drinking it right now.”
Caitlin hesitated for a second. “Charlie, let’s drink it later. First, please tell me what happened during the ceremony.”
“Didn’t you watched the live broadcast?” asked Charlie.
“Yes, we did,” said Caitlin. “Charlie, please sit down.”
“It’s so stuffy in here. The air is filled with alcohol fumes. I need some fresh air. Enjoy your conversation. See you later,” Alice called as she walked out the front door.
Caitlin smiled at Charlie bitterly. “Sorry, Charlie, Ali is just…”
Charlie waved his hand.  “Don’t worry about it. I know Ali just wants the best for me and for the family.” He described what had happened during the ceremony and then passed the gold medal to Caitlin.
“It looks beautiful.” Caitlin stared at the shiny medal.
“Yes, it’s beautiful,” Charlie agreed.
Caitlin lifted her gaze from the medal and realized that Charlie’s eyes were on her. “Charlie, I’m nine months pregnant, no longer beautiful…”
Charlie moved to sit beside Caitlin and put his arms around her. “Cait, you are as beautiful as the first time I laid eyes on you. No, more beautiful. The added maturity makes you even more perfect and charming.”
“Oh, Charlie, thank you. You make me feel beautiful.”
Charlie stood up and poured the Chinese herbal spirit into two small glasses. He passed one to Caitlin and raised his glass. “Cait, as per the order from the prime minister, bottoms up.”
Caitlin stared at her glass. “Charlie, I don’t feel good even smelling the alcohol. Please don’t make me drink it; it’ll make me sick.”
“The prime minister gave me the order in front of millions of people from around the globe. It’s the greatest honor and shows their gratitude for saving their lives. Just a tiny sip won’t hurt.”
Caitlin held the glass, staring at it. Alice’s voice sounded in her head, ‘Cait, don’t drink it; it’s not worth the risk.’
‘But if I don’t drink at all, Charlie will be suspicious, and I don’t want that to happen. I love him so much.’
‘Cait, it’s too risky…’
But Caitlin had made up her mind. She was confident that her power would be able to deal with this tiny glass of herbal spirit. “Alright, Charlie, bottoms up!”
“Cait, you’re so beautiful. Your cheeks look like peach flowers blossoming in a spring breeze,” he said grandly, pouring more of the herbal spirit into each glass. “Let’s celebrate the Duanwu festival and drink to our love. Cheers to being together until our hair turns white.”
“Together until our hair turns white.” Caitlin smiled with tears in her eyes, then raised her glass and drank it.
Charlie looked up, trying to come up with another toast. “Let’s drink…” Charlie stopped abruptly upon hearing a glass shatter on the hardwood floor. 
“What’s the matter, Cait?”
Caitlin’s face twitched, showing obvious pain. She stood up and struggled towards the bedroom. “Please don’t worry.  I’ll be alright, but I need to lie down.” She pushed Charlie away. “Please leave me alone; don’t come into our bedroom.” She hurried inside the room and closed the door behind her immediately.

Charlie stared at the bedroom door, feeling terrible. It was his fault she was sick. He’d persuaded her to drink the herbal spirit. How could he live with himself if it harmed either his wife or their unborn baby? 
Charlie cleaned up the broken glass from the floor, uncertain whether he should leave Caitlin alone as she’d asked. He got her a glass of water and hesitated at the door. Just then, Caitlin’s painful and desperate scream penetrated the thick wooden door. 
Charlie stepped back and then forced the door open with his shoulder, expecting to see his wife writhing in terrible pain. Instead he was utterly shocked to see something even more horrific: a wine-barrel thick, giant white python coiled on their queen-size bed, its eyes emitting blue light.
Feeling suddenly dizzy, Charlie fell to the floor, and everything went black. 

Alice rushed inside the house, but it was too late. In front of the bedroom door, Charlie lay on the floor, unconscious. 
“Cait, please wake up; you scared Charlie to death.”
The giant white snake wriggled and slowly transformed back into human form. Caitlin stood up and burst out of the bedroom. Upon seeing Charlie’s body on the floor, tears poured down her cheeks uncontrollably.
Caitlin felt her whole world collapse. It had taken more than a thousand years of cultivation to gain human form and finally find her true love, but now all was lost because of a couple of careless drinks. She’d been overconfident thinking that her powers would protect her and she’d be strong enough to deal with the herbal drink. 
Caitlin’s mind went blank. She stared at Charlie’s pale face, hearing and sensing nothing except Charlie’s still form.  Finally, she felt someone shaking her shoulder. Looking up, she realized Alice was shouting something at her. With great effort, Caitlin gradually heard what Alice was saying.
“Cait, Charlie isn’t dead. He still has a pulse.”
“What?” As a doctor, Caitlin immediately knew what Alice was talking about. While blaming herself for losing self-control, Caitlin quickly checked Charlie’s vitals. Alice was right, he still had a pulse. From the color of his face and his other symptoms, Caitlin quickly diagnosed that he’d been poisoned, but she had no idea what kind of poison it was.
Caitlin knew it was impossible to cure him if the poison was unknown; the pallor of Charlie’s face became grayer by the moment. If she didn’t do something, Charlie would soon die.
“Ali, help me take his shirt off.” Caitlin quickly picked up her acupuncture needles, laying Charlie on his back on the hardwood floor in the center of the room. She rapidly inserted the long silver and golden needles at various points on his chest, shoulders, arms, hands, forehead, cheeks, and around his lips and ears.
After that was done, Caitlin sat down and wrote down a herbal recipe, then she heard Alice say, “Cait, I found this in Charlie’s pocket.”
It was a black business card. On it there was one sentence in white: ‘If you want to save your husband, come alone to Naples to get the antidote.’

 “I’m so sorry; it’s my fault for killing the two vampires,” Alice wept.
Caitlin stared at the card for another few minutes and then said slowly, “What happened to Charlie is not your fault. My gut feeling tells me this has nothing to do with vampires.”
“What do you mean?” asked Alice, her tears stopping.
“The two vampires we killed were not important enough to the vampire family, so it’s not logical for them to take such a risk and make the effort to come all the way to Western Australia for revenge,” Caitlin said.
“So it has to be James Li and Alain Bevis. They weren’t able to pass our magic formations, so they poisoned Charlie instead.”
“You’re absolutely right. I think their plan is to make us and the vampires kill each other, and then they’ll take care of whoever is left in the end.”
“What can we do? We still need to save Charlie.”
Caitlin thought for a moment and said, “I need to go to Naples to get the antidote.”
“Cait, are you seriously about going into the vampires’ den? They’ll kill you at first sight.”
“From Charlie’s symptoms it seems that it was vampiric poison that caused him to fall unconscious, so our only hope is to get the antidote from the vampires.” Caitlin smiled bitterly. “Ali, please have some confidence in your sister. It won’t be easy, but I have to try.”
“Please let me go instead.”
“You don’t have enough power to deal with the situation. Besides, you need to look after Charlie and control the magic formations to defend our farm. Do you think you can do that for me?”
“I can do it, but you are nine months pregnant. How can you cope with the travelling and fighting ahead of you?”
“I’m not going to fly to Naples using my own power; I’ll take a commercial airplane.”
“In that case, I can take you to Perth International Airport.”
“You need to stay here and look after Charlie and the magic formation. You can’t leave the house for one moment; our enemy will seek any opportunity to get in. Don’t worry; I should be alright travelling such a short distance. It’s only a couple of hundred kilometers to the airport.”
Caitlin passed Alice the herbal recipe she’d written down. “Could you please make the herbal medicine and feed it to him three times a day? It should keep him alive for the next seventy-two hours.” Caitlin wiped tears from her eyes, took a deep breath, and said, “If I’m not back within seventy-two hours, it means that I’m dead, so please bury Charlie in the forest. I’ll come back to visit him in my next life, even if it means that I have to wait for another thousand years. If it comes to that, please tell him my promise before you bury him.”
“I’m not going to tell him anything, because I know you’ll be back. Promise me you will come back regardless of what happens.”
“To tell you the truth, Ali, I don’t have much chance of coming back alive, and even less chance of getting the antidote, but I’ll try regardless. I’d rather die trying to save Charlie… Ali, if it happens, after burying Charlie, please go back to Er Mei Mountain. We don’t belong in the human world…”
“Don’t say that. I know you’ll come back. I know it.”
Caitlin kissed Charlie once more and then hugged Alice before walking out the front door. 
26.	Naples

In the waiting area at Perth International Airport, James talked quietly on his mobile phone; he was a long way from the gate he was supposed to depart from. 
“Boss.” James spoke quietly. “As expected, she is now waiting at the gate, not far from where I am.”
“I thought you told me she could fly to Europe using her own power.”
James casually turned around, quickly glanced at Caitlin, and then immediately turned back again. “Although she doesn’t look like it, she is nine months pregnant. I guess she doesn’t want to take any chances.”
“I think you’ve overstated her power. How could she not be aware she is being tailed if she is as powerful as you say?”
James walked a little further and hid behind the airport café. “She must be too stressed out by Charlie’s condition to be paying attention to anything else. This is the only chance we have to follow her without being noticed.”
“Are you sure she’ll be able to find the vampires’ den? My men have been searching for the last ten years, but it’s been fruitless.”
“I have no doubt about her ability to locate the vampires’ den.”
“Great! My men are ready. As soon as you find the exact location, I’ll have all the soldiers from the European branch surround it and make sure no one escapes. I want to kill every single one of those vampires. By the way, James, I’ll order her death for you, as well.”
“Boss…” James hesitated and then said, “Please don’t underestimate her power; it won’t be that easy to kill her.”
“This will be the first time we test our super weapons against the vampires. Although we killed a couple of vampires with our magic guns ten years ago, we haven’t had the chance to use them in the field yet. But I wouldn’t call this a battlefield; it’ll be more like a slaughterhouse.” Bevis chuckled.
“Sir, I need to board first and sit at the back of the plane to avoid her seeing me. I’ll contact you when I land in Naples.”

Caitlin sat back in her seat on the plane, paying no attention to her surroundings. Over and over again her mind replayed what had happened as she tried to work out a strategy. Initially, she had blamed herself for being overconfident about drinking the herbal spirit and causing Charlie’s unconsciousness, but now, in light of the vampiric poison, the situation was not that simple anymore. Regardless of whether Charlie was frightened by her real form or not, the poison would still have taken effect, so seeing her was more like a timing trigger.
What would she do when she faced the vampires? Try to force them to give her the antidote? She was confident that she could handle fighting a small number of vampires like they had in Venice and Paris, but walking into the vampires’ den was a totally different story. She would be killed for sure, so she had to think of a way to get the antidote without using deadly force.
Even if she managed to get the antidote and save Charlie’s life, how could she explain her transformation to Charlie? She had no choice but to tell him the truth. How would he take it when he learned his wife was not actually human? Caitlin didn’t know and didn’t want to think about it. This had been weighing on her ever since she first met Charlie. She loved him so much and would do anything to be with him, but this was the only thing she could do nothing to change.
Caitlin suddenly felt her baby kicking. She put her hands down to stroke her abdomen gently. My poor baby could die with me before he even sees the world, she thought. Tears poured down her cheeks. She said silently, My baby, Mummy will always be with you. We live and die together. 
A sudden surge of tiredness washed over her, so Caitlin closed her eyes and fell asleep; she would need the rest for when she landed in Europe. 

“Boss, we just landed in Naples. One new development: she’s changed her appearance. She is now a Chinese woman, back to her original look,” James said into his mobile phone.
“I’m not interested in what she looks like, as long as she leads us to the vampires’ den. Harris and his men are already in Naples.”
“Sir, you’ll know my exact location at all times via my GPS signal. I’ll activate the beacon when I find the vampires.”

Caitlin kicked the last heavy door open. She had been through quite a few of these doors and also knocked down the guards at each entrance. 
She was in a windowless hall where a large group of men and women were gathered around a throne where an older man sat. Caitlin assumed the old man on the throne was the vampire elder, Aldo Mancini.
“Are you Mr. Aldo Mancini?” Caitlin demanded as she walked a few feet into the hall and gazed at the old man on the throne.
The vampire elder studied Caitlin for a few moments. “I’m impressed. You were able to find my location, bypass all the gates, and walk into this hall. How many of my fellows did you have to kill to get here?”
Caitlin scanned the room. She estimated there were at least three hundred vampires; she had never imagined there would be so many. “Thanks for your compliment, Mr. Mancini, but I didn’t kill any of your fellows.”
The vampire elder burst into laughter, as if he had heard the funniest joke in the world. When he stopped laughing, he said, “I enjoy your sense of humor. So you just begged them to let you in?”
“I would beg or negotiate with them if I had time to do so, but unfortunately time is the last thing I have, so I had to persuade them with a bit of force. However, I just knocked them out.”
The vampire elder stood up and walked closer to Caitlin. “You knocked them out with your bare hands? Do you know how many gates and guards you are talking about here?”
“I am afraid I do: twelve gates and twelve guards at each gate.”
The vampire elder walked closer still. “Do you really think I could believe you? In the short time since I received word of your intrusion, you managed to get through my twelve heavily guarded gates and beat all my guards?”
“Mr. Mancini, I would be more than happy to demonstrate how I did it if I had time, but right now I need to ask you for the antidote.”
“Antidote? What are you talking about?”
“My husband was poisoned by a vampiric poison, and I believe you are the only one who has the antidote.” Caitlin pulled a hairpin from her hair, throwing it at the vampire elder.
Aldo casually plucked the fast-flying hairpin from midair, looked at it, and then smelled it. Finally, he put it in his mouth and tasted it. Pausing for a moment, he nodded. 
“It is my poison, but how was your husband poisoned? I am the only one who can authorize the use of this particular poison.”
“That’s a question you should ask yourself. Maybe someone under you stole the poison from you.”
“How dare you speak to Mr. Mancini like that!” a bearded vampire shouted. “You must be the one who killed two of our fellows in Venice and also attacked us in Paris, and now you walk into our home to demand an antidote. This is insulting to our family. Kill her.”
Two dozen vampires moved towards Caitlin from all directions, each of them holding either a large knife or a broadsword.
Caitlin quickly assessed the situation and made up her mind: she twisted her body, letting the first sword miss her by millimeters. She gripped the sword and used it to deflect the other weapons assaulting her. She then leaped forward like an arrow, soaring through the gaps among the vampires, and landed in front of Aldo Mancini. Before anybody had figured out what had happened, Caitlin’s sword was at the vampire elder’s throat. 
“Mr. Mancini, I’m sorry I have to do this to you, but I don’t have a choice, I beg you, give me the antidote.”
“Let me go. How dare you do this to me? You’ll be killed for what you have done today,” Aldo Mancini shouted angrily.
“If I don’t get the antidote today, my husband will die. I love him so much that if he dies, I do not want to live. Therefore, I don’t care whether you kill me or not.”
“How do you expect me to hand over the antidote to you like this? Kill me if you like, but you’ll never get the antidote.”
Caitlin stepped back, throwing the sword to ground, and bowed to the vampire elder. “I apologize for offending you, Mr. Mancini. I beg you to have mercy and give me the antidote to save my husband. You know I am nine months pregnant. If you don’t help me, my whole family, including my unborn baby, will die as a result. I know it’s not you who poisoned my husband, but it was your poison, so you do bear some responsibility for it. Please, Mr. Mancini, help me.”
Before Aldo Mancini could open his mouth, a vampire stumbled into the great hall and shouted, “Mr. Mancini, Alain Bevis’ army has surrounded us.”
The vampire elder turned, staring at Caitlin with fire in his eyes. “You have led them here. Do you realize what you have done to me? This will be the end of my family.” 
27.	Escape

Caitlin frowned. “They must have followed me while I was distracted thinking about my husband. Mr. Mancini, I apologize for this, but it must be Alain Bevis who used your poison to harm my husband.”
“Yes, to get us to kill each other,” the vampire elder said thoughtfully.
“I see no point in discussing this now. We have to think of a way to break out. Otherwise we’d all be dead soon.”
Aldo turned and asked, “How long can Alain Bevis’ men be held?”
The bearded vampire said, “Ten minutes at the most, sir.”
Caitlin thought for a few seconds. “Surely you have a few escape routes?”
“Yes, I do.” Aldo turned and asked the bearded vampire, “Are any of the exits unblocked?”
“I’m afraid that they are all blocked by Alain Bevis’ soldiers, sir.”
“All twelve secret escape routes are blocked?” asked the vampire elder.
“It seems that way, sir,” replied the vampire.
“How did they know where to block our exits?” shouted Aldo.
“I don’t know, sir,” the bearded vampire said.
Caitlin concentrated for a few moments. “Which exit has the shortest distance to safety?”
The vampire elder hesitated; he walked close to Caitlin and said quietly. “Don’t repeat this. I suspect that I have a traitor in my family, so I can’t trust anyone. I do have a thirteenth exit that nobody knows about, but it seems there are soldiers guarding it as well.”
“Can you tell how many soldiers are around the exit?” Caitlin asked quietly.
The vampire elder dragged Caitlin farther away from the crowd. “Two groups, each with a dozen soldiers. They are guarding…hang on.” The vampire elder held Caitlin’s hand, and Caitlin could hear his voice in her head.
‘Good, it seems to be working. OK, here is what the exit looks like.”
Caitlin closed her eyes; slowly, as if watching a live broadcast on a TV screen, she could see the exit in her mind. It was a piazza in the middle of the ancient city, the exit located opposite a water fountain. Aldo’s voice sounded in her head again.
‘On the left, see the people sitting in the café? They are the soldiers in disguise. On the right, the tourist group is also made up of Alain Bevis’ men.”
‘Where is the entrance to the passage?’ asked Caitlin in her head.
‘The old stone building on the other side of the piazza. See the fruit stall with the red umbrella?”
‘What are our chances if we make a run for it?’
‘I have seen the power of their magic guns. We’d all be slaughtered before reaching the entrance.”
Caitlin examined the distance between the exit, the soldiers in the café, and the tourist group, made some calculations, and then said in her head, ‘If we storm the two groups of soldiers, how much chance do we have?’
‘From the moment we burst out of the exit to reach striking distance, there will only be enough time for my fellows to attack one group; if we do that, the other group will slaughter us immediately from behind.’
Caitlin thought a little longer and then asked, ‘How long would it take for the other soldiers nearby to close in?’
‘My guess would be about five minutes or less.’
Caitlin thought for a few moments and then made up her mind. ‘Mr. Mancini, here is my proposal: You organize your men to attack the group of soldiers on the right, and I’ll take care of the group on the left. If we both escape successfully, you must promise to give me the antidote. Do we have a deal or not?’
Caitlin heard the vampire elder’s voice in her head. ‘Yes, we do indeed.’
‘Thank you. Please start to organize your fellows. You will need to choose your soldiers carefully, because half of them will not make it.’
‘My fellows will die for me. Please take care of yourself. If I make it and you do not, I will have the antidote delivered to your husband. This is my promise.’ 
‘I knew you were a man of honor, and I trust completely that you will keep your word. I would be content to die trying to get us out, knowing my husband will be saved.”
The vampire elder let go of Caitlin’s hand.
Caitlin bowed to the vampire elder. “Mr. Mancini, it’s a great honor to know you. Now, let’s pray that both of us will get out of this alive.”
Aldo didn’t say anything, just nodded, turned, and started to organize their escape.

Caitlin stood quietly, watching the vampires removing the stones and wooden beams that blocked the secret escape route. Behind her, two dozen vampires lined up, ready to burst out and attack the soldiers from the European branch.
Caitlin exchanged a glance with the vampire elder, who stood at the end of the line of vampires, and nodded once more.
The last beam had been taken down, so there was only a thin plaster wall between them and the outside world. From the few gaps in the wall, Caitlin could see why the vampire elder had chosen this location. The route beyond the exit lay in shadows, with no sun penetrating the path that led to their freedom.
Caitlin took a deep breath and then put her thumb up to signal the vampires next to her to get ready to attack. Caitlin ran into the thin plaster wall, burst out, and shot towards the café. An ear-splitting sound indicated how fast she was running, but before she reached the café, the first soldier reacted. He withdrew his magic gun and shot at Caitlin. 
Caitlin ducked and then twisted sideways but didn’t slow down; the bullets missed her body by mere inches. She was only a foot away when three bullets hit her right in her chest. 
Caitlin’s body shook, but the bullets didn’t penetrate her clothing, bouncing away instead. At that moment, Caitlin didn’t have time to think what could have happened. She launched her attack. Behind her, Caitlin heard intense gunfire as the vampires also launched their attack on the other group of soldiers.
Caitlin grabbed the wrist of the first soldier, twisted her body and used him as her shield; she kicked backwards and then forwards, sending two soldiers flying out to land unmoving on the ground ten feet away. Holding her human shield, Caitlin moved around the café. In the blink of an eye, she kicked with her feet, pushed with her palms, knocked with her arms, and bumped with her shoulders until all twelve soldiers were knocked unconscious. She knew they would recover soon, as she didn’t intend to kill anyone.
When her job was done, she ran to the entrance of the vampires’ safehouse, where she met the flood of escaping vampires; shortly after she entered the passage, more gunfire echoed behind them, but nobody looked back; everyone ran as fast as they could.
After running another few hundred feet along the dark tunnel, they reached an open space where spider web-like tunnels spread out. While the other vampires rushed into the tunnels, the vampire elder stopped beside Caitlin.
 “Mr. Mancini, I am so glad that we both came out of that alive,” said Caitlin.
“Here is the antidote,” the vampire elder said.
“Thank you so much for saving my husband’s life.” Caitlin bowed to the vampire elder. 
The vampire elder bowed back. “Every one of my family is in debt to you forever. I’ll ensure anyone related to you will get our unconditional assistance whenever required.”
Caitlin bowed again.

James walked into the room Alain Bevis used as his war room and immediately knew something was terribly wrong. The European branch boss was shouting at the men standing in front of him, his eyes red and swollen.
James waited silently until the rest of the men in the room walked out and left Bevis and him alone. 
“Sir, what happened?”
“What happened? You’re the one who organized the operation, and now you’re telling me you don’t know what happened?”
“Sorry, I know most of the vampires escaped, but we did kill a few dozen of them…”
“Shut up! My son was killed in your operation.”
“What? Harris was killed? By whom?”
Bevis sat down, picked up his whiskey glass, and gulped a large mouthful. “He was killed by vampires, together with his whole unit; all twelve soldiers.”
James was silent for a few moments and then said, “I am so sorry for your loss. Harris was a brave soldier and died doing his duty.”
“I don’t give a damn if he died doing his duty. I want revenge.” Bevis stared at James with his now even redder eyes. “It’s your monster’s fault. If she hadn’t knocked out the whole backup unit, Harris wouldn’t be dead.”
“Really? Sir, I did say that she was powerful…”
“Listen to me, James. We have no idea where the vampires are, but we do know where your monster lives. We’ll go now and destroy her in her own home. I’ll bring all of my firepower to Australia.”
James thought for a few seconds. “Sir, as we found out last time, her farm is too difficult to penetrate, so using force isn’t the best approach at the moment. However, we still have our last resort: Charlie.”
“What about Charlie?”
“You may recall that we poisoned her husband, Charlie, and that’s how we lured her into coming to Naples to fight against the vampires. If I’m correct, before Charlie lost consciousness, he saw her real form, a giant snake. Therefore, Charlie won’t feel so good when he wakes up tomorrow morning.”
“I recall that we did talk about this, but I can’t remember the details now.”
“There is a strong chance Charlie may want to contact me about what happened to his wife, and when he does, we’ll take him to Venice. I guarantee his monster wife will try to rescue him.”
Bevis stood up and punched the table with his fist. “We’ll set up an ambush and kill her on the spot, regardless of how powerful she might be.”
James looked at the boss and said carefully, “Sir, we should try to use her husband as a hostage to force her to find the vampires for us. After all, it was the vampires who killed Harris.”
“Yes, you’re right. We force her to find the vampires and then kill her in the end. We’ll kill them all!” 
28.	 Betrayal 

Caitlin knocked on the door and collapsed as soon as Alice opened it for her. Alice quickly picked Caitlin up in her arms, brought her inside, and laid her on the couch in the living area.
After taking a deep breath, Caitlin said, “Thanks, Ali, I’m all right. How is Charlie doing?”
“Still breathing. Do you have the antidote?”
Caitlin nodded.
“You flew back using your own power? No wonder you’re so exhausted.”
“I didn’t have time to take a plane. Besides, they could have tried to intercept me at the airports.”
“But Cait, you’re nine months pregnant.”
Caitlin drank some water. “I’m fine, really. Let’s get the antidote to Charlie.”
Her relief was absolute when Caitlin saw Charlie’s face. With Alice’s help, she fed the antidote to Charlie. There was nothing she could do except wait and pray it would work.
While waiting beside Charlie’s bed, Caitlin told Alice what had happened in Naples. When Caitlin mentioned she was hit by three bullets, Alice almost screamed out.
“Why didn’t the bullets hurt you?” asked Alice.
“I don’t know.”
“Maybe the bullets didn’t really hit you.”
“They did. They just bounced off me.”
Alice hugged Caitlin. “I’m so glad you came back alive.” Only then did Alice’s tears start to pour down her cheeks.
Caitlin patted Alice’s back, saying gently, “Ali, stop crying. I’m perfectly fine, just a bit tired.” 
Caitlin then checked Charlie’s pulse and his eyes; the color of his face was beginning to return to normal.
Caitlin kissed Charlie on his cheek and then hugged Alice. “It worked; the antidote worked.” She smiled with tears in her eyes. “I’m so happy, Ali. Charlie’s going to be OK.”
“Cait, you’d better get some sleep; both of you will need it,” Alice said, patting Caitlin’s tummy gently.
Caitlin looked at her watch. “Alright, I’ll get some sleep. Charlie should wake up by tomorrow morning. Ali, please stay alert. I’m worried that Alain Bevis may try to break in again.”
“Don’t worry about it, Cait. Leave it all to me and have a good rest.”

James stared at the farmhouse in the darkness for a while and then said to Bevis, who sat beside him, “Sir, if I am correct, Caitlin will be fast asleep by now. No doubt she’s exhausted from the fight and then flying all the way from Europe to Australia. Obviously she got the antidote, so Charlie should wake up in the morning.”
“What are we going to do then?”
“We do nothing until dawn. When the sun is up, we send people in, pretending to attack from three sides of the farm, so Caitlin’s servant girl will have to defend the magic fence, as she won’t want to wake up her master. As a result, Charlie will have the opportunity to escape from the farmhouse.”
“Are you telling me that Charlie will just walk out of the farmhouse and into our car?”
“Yes, sir, and I parked here for that very reason.”

Charlie opened his eyes, trying to make sense of what had happened the previous night. He and Cait had drunk some of the herbal spirit, and suddenly his wife had felt unwell and had to lie down in their bedroom. Then he heard Caitlin screaming, so he’d forced his way into their bedroom, and the last thing he saw before he blacked out was a giant white snake coiled on their bed.
Shaking his head hard, Charlie tried to concentrate. Had the giant snake eaten Caitlin?  As soon as the thought jumped into his head, Charlie immediately got up.
The house was very quiet; Charlie wanted to shout and ask where everyone was but stopped when he saw that Caitlin was fast asleep on the couch in the living area. Charlie was relieved she hadn’t been eaten by the snake monster, but soon an even more horrible thought burst into his mind: Where was the giant snake now?
As Charlie was pondering these thoughts, he suddenly remembered what James had told him on his stag night in Paris: “I have confirmed that your new girlfriend is a thousand-year-old snake monster who has enough power to gain human form…” At the time, Charlie thought it was a joke, but what he had seen last night sent a spasm of chills down his spine. Could it be that James was right, that it wasn’t a joke? What were the chances a large white snake would appear on his bed—in the very spot where Caitlin had been? It confirmed that what James had said was the truth: his beautiful wife was a thousand-year-old giant white snake monster. 
Charlie held his breath, carefully looking at Caitlin again. Her beautiful face looked exhausted but still absolutely stunning. How was it possible that the most beautiful woman in the world was a monster? But what he had seen last night was unmistakably real.  
Maybe he should go and talk to James; he’d said he would be in the city for a few more days. Charlie put his shoes on and snuck out of the house as quietly as possible. It was fortunate that Alice was nowhere to be seen; otherwise he would have had a hard time explaining where he was heading so early in the morning.

Charlie walked to the gate and saw a large black four-wheel-drive SUV parked just outside of the farm’s driveway. As he approached, the door of the SUV opened and James Li, together with a bald middle-aged man, got out and greeted Charlie.
“Charlie, I knew you’d come to us,” the bald man said. Though he was trying to sound pleasant, he failed miserably. However, Charlie wasn’t in the mood to notice this insignificant detail.
As Charlie looked at James in confusion, James said, “Charlie, please let me introduce you to Mr. Alain Bevis, the boss of ICSC European branch.”
“ICSC European branch?” Charlie asked.
“Charlie, surely after seeing what your wife really is, you have realized the truth by now,” Bevis said, and then glanced at James beside him.
“Did you see anything unusual after Caitlin drank the herbal spirit?” asked James.
Charlie sighed. “Unfortunately, I did. There was a huge white snake coiled on our bed…I didn’t know what it was and where my wife was at that time… James, I’m so confused.”
James turned and nodded to Bevis. Then he said, “Remember what I told you in Paris on your stag night?  I know it’s impossible for you to believe that Caitlin is a thousand-year-old snake monster that escaped from China ten years ago. I couldn’t do much to her then, because at the time, she had put a deadly curse on me. If I’d said anything to anyone, I would have died immediately.”
Charlie thought for a moment. “You did behave oddly during our wedding, but I didn’t think much of it at the time because I was so madly in love.”
“My boy, do you still love her? A giant, cold-blooded snake monster?” Bevis said, glancing at James again with urgency.
James nodded, acknowledging Bevis’ concern. “Charlie, listen to me carefully. The only reason you were able to escape from the farmhouse, now the snake monster’s den, is because your wife is sleeping. Otherwise, you’d be dead as soon as you stepped outside of the gate.”
Charlie looked at James and said uncertainly, “I’m always free to leave the farm anytime I want…”
Bevis said impatiently, “That was when you didn’t know the truth, but now your monster wife would kill you with no hesitation if she knew you were outside the farm…”
James patted Charlie’s arm. “Charlie, I remember you told me about the golden lock around your neck, that it represented her love for you, right?”
“Yes,” Charlie said uncertainly.
“Charlie, it doesn’t represent her love. She’s using her magic to monitor and control you,” James said urgently as Bevis looked at his watch. “We don’t have much time to waste. We need to leave before your wife wakes up.” 
Behind them, the thrumming of a helicopter became louder and louder. Bevis shouted, “Charlie, take the damn lock off so we can get onto the chopper and get out of here. Hurry!”
Charlie hesitated and then took the gold lock from around his neck, passing it to Bevis, who laughed and hurried everyone onto the helicopter.
The helicopter rose and flew rapidly towards Perth International Airport. Nobody said anything until they got onto a private jet. Soon the smart-looking jet roared above the clouds, on its way to Europe.

“I thought you loved Caitlin,” said James, speaking for the first time since they had got onto the private jet. They sat in the luxurious leather seats facing one another, while Bevis and his men sat at other end of the long, narrow cabin. 
“Yes, but I didn’t know she was a snake monster.”
“Charlie, I think you may want to know something.” James glanced at Bevis and then said quietly, “Do you know what happened to you two nights ago after you lost consciousness?”
“Two nights ago? I thought it was last night. I was nearly scared to death by that snake.”
 “You weren’t scared to death; you were poisoned by vampiric poison.”
“Poisoned? By whom? Why?”
“Shush. It doesn’t matter why you were poisoned or by whom, but it is important why you survived the poison. You’d be dead by now if you hadn’t been given the antidote, and only the vampire elder has the antidote.”
“Tell me.”
James sighed. “Caitlin went into the vampires’ den alone. I have no idea how she managed to survive fighting against hundreds of the most ferocious vampires in Europe and obtain the antidote, but I do know that she beat twelve European branch soldiers single-handed on her way out; all while nine months pregnant. According to the report, she was hit three times by magic bullets but somehow survived. If she hadn’t, you wouldn’t be sitting here listening to this. Charlie, she faced certain death to get the antidote for you.”
“Why are you telling me this now? You’re the one who wanted to hunt her down in the first place.”
“Although I still plan to hunt her down, I can’t help but admire her courage and her love for you. It’s hard to find true love in our world today.” James turned his face to the window to hide his moistened eyes and then blew his nose with a tissue to disguise his emotion. “Her heart is more compassionate than most humans’.”
“James, I can’t live with a snake…even if it is Caitlin. And she kept this from me. She kept this secret, and I can’t forgive that, can I?”
“Charlie, it’s a long flight to Europe, and I’m really tired. You should have some rest, too.” James closed his eyes and then said quietly to himself, “It makes one wonder, though, what else could be true…”
29.	The Decision 

Alice opened her eyes and breathed out deeply. She had successfully defeated the intruders. 
While going to the kitchen to get a glass of water, she glanced into Caitlin and Charlie’s bedroom and saw Charlie was not on the bed. He must be awake and wandering around the house, Alice thought, but something nagged at the back of her mind.
She quickly checked the house as quietly as possible, not wanting to wake up Caitlin, but after a while she still hadn’t found Charlie anywhere in the house. She then realized the situation was much more serious than she had thought, so she shook Caitlin’s shoulder.
“What’s the matter, Ali?” 
“I just staved off a few rounds of attacks from Bevis’ men, but Charlie is missing.”
Caitlin leaped off the sofa and rushed out of the house; Alice had already started the car, so Caitlin jumped in. When they arrived at the farm entrance, Caitlin saw it first—a glint of gold in the red dirt. 
“Stop the car,” she shouted, opening the door before the car was fully stopped.
Caitlin got out of the car and picked up the gold lock from the ground, tears flowing down her cheeks. Blackness filled her vision, and Caitlin collapsed to the ground. 
When she opened her eyes again, Caitlin found she was lying down on the sofa in the living area again. 
“I found this in our letter box.” Alice passed an envelope to Caitlin.
It was a letter from Alain Bevis, who said that he had Charlie. If Caitlin wanted Charlie alive, she’d need to go to Venice to meet with him.
“Cait, I’m so sorry. I failed to defend the farm and let Alain Bevis kidnap Charlie,” Alice cried.
Caitlin stood up and held Alice in her arms. “I wish it was your fault, Ali, but unfortunately, Charlie walked out of here and joined Alain Bevis and James Li on his own.” 
The pain on Caitlin’s face was too much to watch. Alice said carefully, “Cait, you don’t know that.”
Caitlin put her hand up to show Alice the gold lock. “The lock is intact, so it wasn’t removed by force; with its magic power, even guns wouldn’t be able to harm him.”
“But Charlie didn’t know about the lock’s magic power; is it possible that James Li or Alain Bevis used their guns to force him to take it off?”
“It wouldn’t be possible for Charlie to take it off under duress.”
Alice hammered her fist down on the kitchen bench angrily; the marble bench top immediately broke into a dozen pieces. 
“I knew it! I knew that Charlie couldn’t be trusted from the beginning. Even on your wedding night, I warned him not to betray you. If I ever see him again, I will break his skull with my bare hands. I promise.”
“It’s not all his fault. It’s to be expected that he would be frightened of me after he discovered my real form, but I didn’t imagine he’d go to Alain Bevis. He should really have talked to me first…” Caitlin couldn’t continue as she wept helplessly.
“Why don’t we just go back to Er Mei Mountain? Now that Charlie has betrayed you, there is nothing in the human world worth staying here for.”
“I would like to go back to Er Mei Mountain, to leave this human world, but I have to rescue Charlie first…”
“But he betrayed you…”
“Charlie has made mistakes, but maybe he wasn’t thinking straight after discovering the wife he loved isn’t even human… I still love him and want my unborn baby to know his father, and I know that Alain Bevis will kill Charlie for sure if I don’t go to Venice.”
Alice tried hard not to break the dining table in front of her. “Even if you manage to rescue Charlie, what happens if he doesn’t love you anymore?”
“The only reason I am doing this is because I love him, but I won’t expect anything in return; if he doesn’t love me anymore, as you just said, we will go back to Er Mei Mountain.” Caitlin smiled bitterly.
“I hope you realize that Alain Bevis has set a trap for you. If you go to Venice, you could start a war with the whole European branch, if not the entire ICSC.”
“I would never want to hurt anyone, but I will fight to protect my family and the innocents if I have to. You should go back home; this is not your fight.”
Alice thought for a while. “You’re my master, and I can’t let you go alone. When we first left home, I vowed to stay with you and protect you with my life.”
“But Ali, I’m no longer your master. I gave you your freedom long before we left Er Mei Mountain. You are free to leave anytime you like.”
“I know that, but I still hold myself to my vow; I’ll fight for you, but not for him.”
Caitlin hugged Alice tightly. “Ali, you are such a great friend!” 
30.	 San Marco Square 

James stood on the balcony of the San Marco Cathedral, overlooking the large rectangular piazza boxed in by tall buildings. Beside him, Bevis examined the arrangement with satisfaction.
“James, are you sure she will come to Venice?” Bevis asked.
“I am sure, although I’m not quite sure why.” James glanced at Charlie, who was standing not far from them on the same balcony.
“Because she loves her handsome husband so much.” Bevis laughed.
James thought for a moment and said carefully, “Sir, are you sure you want to do this?” He waved his hand over the horizon of the ancient city of Venice. “This beautiful city could be ruined.”
“The reason I chose this large island is to ensure the monster has no way out.” Bevis pointed at the sea edging the piazza. “Heavily armed boats are guarding the coast, helicopters are ready to attack from above, and soldiers will take care of the piazza from there.” He pointed at the buildings surrounding the piazza and then patted James’ shoulder. “With all these forces in place, what could a couple of monsters do to damage the city? Maybe a couple of bullet holes in the walls?” Bevis laughed, obviously in quite a good mood.
“Sir, have you read the report? Our magic gun’s bullets are unable to penetrate the monster’s protective force shield,” stated James.
“I’ve been the boss of the European branch for a long time, James. Of course I’ve considered that. The experts’ opinion is that her power may be too strong for our weapons, but there are always solutions. We go back to the basics: sword, bow, and arrows.”
“Sir, will swords and arrows be able to hurt her?” asked James.
“Yes, because her power shield can only protect her against high speed forces, the same way bullets can’t penetrate beyond a few inches into water. But swords and spears can easily stab fish. It’s the same principle.” Bevis pulled out his mobile phone and said something into it.
“James,” Bevis said, “enjoy the show.”
James looked at the piazza below, where soldiers had set up a couple of plastic mannequins.
Bevis drew his arm down sharply and shouted, “Fire!”
With a chorus of cracks, showers of arrows shot at the dummies from the windows of the building above the piazza. In the blink of an eye, the bodies of the two mannequins were covered with metal arrows, like two porcupines. 
“What kind of weapons are they?” asked James.
“They’re called machine crossbows, like machine guns, except they shoot arrows.” Bevis moved closer to James. “Our experts performed numerous experiments to find the sweet spot to penetrate the monster’s power shield. Speed is the key factor. In the end, the speed of an arrow shot with human muscle power is what we want, and then the rest is just good engineering, such as putting the right amount of gunpowder into the arrow shells so the arrows shoot at the right speed.”
“How did you manage to do all of this in such a short time?” asked James.
“Modern technology,” said Bevis.
“That’s great, sir.” James paused for a few seconds and then said, “Sir, I suggest that we try to take her alive, so we can use her to get Aldo Mancini; it was the vampires who killed your son, after all.”
“I thought of that, but how would we force her to seek the vampires for us? Use him as a hostage?” Bevis glanced at Charlie whilst saying the word “hostage”.
“I’m not sure about that, sir.”
“Why not? If she comes to Venice to rescue her husband, why wouldn’t we use her husband to force her to do things for us?”
“Let’s wait and see. Sir, have you invited the martial arts experts as I suggested?”
“Oh, James, I have the best swordsmen and martial arts experts from all over the world, so don’t you worry about it. This time she has no chance of escape.” 

It was morning and the sky was overcast. Caitlin walked on the footpath along the canals of Venice towards San Marco Square; it was deadly silent everywhere, as if the whole city was a ghost town.
“Ali, thanks for carrying me the whole way to Venice; otherwise, there’s no way I could have made it here.”
“You shouldn’t be here in the first place.”
Caitlin didn’t answer, and they walked in silence for a while.
“Do you think Alain Bevis has evacuated all the residents and tourists out of Venice?” Alice asked, walking beside Caitlin.
“It seems that way.”
“So that means he has prepared a large-scale ambush just for us,” Alice said thoughtfully.
“I imagine he has.”
“I can’t believe this. You risked your life and that of your unborn baby to get the antidote to save Charlie’s life, and he betrayed you. Now, merely twenty-four hours later, you’re back in Europe, trying to save him again. Is he really worth the price you will have to pay?”
“Ali, please don’t say anything more; I still love him, and I want my child to have a father when he arrives in this world.”
Alice walked faster and then stopped in front of Caitlin. “Since we know there is a trap for us in San Marco Square, what should we do? Just walk into the trap?”
Caitlin thought for a long time and then said slowly, “No one will expect us to walk into the trap, but we may do just that.”
“Are you crazy?”
“Maybe.” Caitlin smiled mysteriously.

Caitlin and Alice walked into the large and deserted San Marco Square. There was not a soul to be seen in the normally crowded public space. When Caitlin and Alice were about twenty feet from the cathedral, thumping sounds filled the silence and bright search lights suddenly focused on them, as if they were getting ready for a stage performance. However, the light beams didn’t shine on their faces, so they were still able to see the people standing on the cathedral’s balcony, high above the piazza.
The loudspeakers echoed in the vast square.
“Caitlin, you are surrounded completely; give yourselves up and we may spare your lives.”
Caitlin spoke calmly, as if talking to someone next to her, but the two men high above on the balcony were able to hear her voice clearly. “I assume you are Alain Bevis, the boss of the European branch?”
“Yes, I am Alain Bevis.” The boss’ voice boomed from the speakers around the piazza.
Caitlin was quite amused. “You don’t need speakers to have this conversation. I can hear your voice perfectly without them.”
“Listen, Caitlin, I know you are nine months pregnant and have had quite a rough time fighting and travelling over the last few days, so let’s make things easy for you. Turn yourself in and I guarantee your husband’s safety,” said James from above.
“Sounds good, but maybe a little too good to be true. What do I have to do to guarantee Charlie’s safety?” said Caitlin.
“Not much. You only need to hand me Aldo Mancini’s head and then kill yourself in front of my son’s tomb, and then your husband will be free to go,” Bevis said, laughing.
Caitlin exchanged a look with Alice and said, “I’m afraid I can’t do that.”
“I knew that would be her answer.” The European branch boss raised his arm.
Caitlin and Alice looked up with horror and watched what was happening around them. Noise filled the air as a dozen helicopters appeared from behind the tall buildings. On the side of the square facing the sea, six strange-looking gunboats emerged. Nearly every window facing the square opened, revealing countless guns pointing at them.  It was instantly clear they were completely outnumbered, outgunned, and had no way out.

James saw Bevis lifting his arm and tried to say something, but it was too late. At the very moment Bevis’ arm came down, a shower of arrows erupted from the windows, heading straight for Caitlin and Alice.
It didn’t take long to cover both girls’ bodies with sharp arrows, including their faces and heads. Under the bright spotlights, it appeared there was no inch of their skin not penetrated by arrows. 
James opened his mouth, unable to make any sound; he had waited for this moment for ten years, but now that it was here, he felt no satisfaction. “Sir, I thought we all agreed it’d be in our best interest to capture her alive.”
“What for? Didn’t you hear her refuse my proposal?” Bevis chuckled.
Upon hearing an inhuman howl behind him, James turned and saw Charlie rush out of the door onto the balcony, knocking down a couple of soldiers who tried to stop him, ready to jump off the balcony.
James quickly grabbed Charlie’s wrist and then kicked at his legs, causing him to crash to the balcony floor. James pushed his knee onto Charlie’s chest and shouted, “Charlie, what’s wrong with you?”
“You bastard! All of you are bastards. You killed my wife. You killed Caitlin!” Charlie screamed and howled, an animal sound filled with anguish.
James slapped Charlie’s face hard a couple of times, and blood flowed from the corner of his mouth. “Charlie, come to your senses. Caitlin isn’t dead yet.”
“What?” both Charlie and Bevis shouted at James at the same time.  
James saw that Charlie had calmed down, so he let go of him.
“James, is that true?” Charlie kneeled in front of James, as if begging him to tell him his wife was still alive. 
“James, what are you talking about? Didn’t we all just witness with our own eyes that the two monsters were nailed right there?” Bevis pointed at the two figures covered with hundreds of arrows on the piazza below.
“Yes, sir, we all saw it, but it seemed far too easy; I don’t believe that Caitlin would die that easily. She is far smarter and more powerful than that.”
Bevis said something into his mobile phone. Soon one of the hovering helicopters tipped its body, and with a swishing sound, a rocket shot at the two impaled figures. After the resulting fireball disappeared, there was nothing left except a large crater in the ground.
“There you go. And don’t tell me you believe your monsters are still alive,” Bevis mocked. 
“Sir, what you just destroyed were merely her decoys to test where your forces are. Although I don’t know where they are, I am sure they are near, very near indeed,” said James.
The boss immediately spoke into his mobile phone, and soon the helicopter searchlights started moving all over the square. Soldiers poured out of the buildings, guns in hand, and started to comb every inch of the square.
The loudspeakers announced the order: Kill at first sight!
“Don’t worry, James, we’ll find her soon,” Bevis said.
James didn’t respond immediately; he studied the surroundings carefully and then turned and faced the boss. “Sir, I suggest that you evacuate your troops as soon as possible, including us. Otherwise, we could all die very soon.”
“Are you joking?” Bevis laughed.
“Sir, I wish I was, but the battle has just started.”
The wind became stronger and was soon howling through the stone structure where they stood. Lightning cracked the dark sky, and heavy rain poured down.       
31.	 Storming 

Alice heard Charlie’s screams. “Cait, have they killed Charlie?”
Caitlin looked at the helicopters hovering overhead, the gunboats guarding the sea, and the soldiers swamping the square, “Alain Bevis wouldn’t kill Charlie before he knows for sure we are dead. I can’t believe he would order to kill first without any negotiations. He’s gone mad from his son’s death.”
Alice watched as the soldiers quickly closed in on their hiding place. “Cait, we have to act before it’s too late; these soldiers will not hesitate when they see us.”
Caitlin nodded to Alice. “You’re right. I’m so sorry for those soldiers, but I can’t sit here and let them kill my family!”
Caitlin sat cross-legged on the ground and pulled her hairpins out of her hair, letting it cascade down her back. She then drew her sword and used it to cut her finger, letting her blood drip on the blade. After closing her eyes and mumbling a long series of words, she suddenly opened her eyes and raised her sword towards the sky, shouting, “Ji!”
The wind started picking up, howling through the windows, doors, stone water fountains, bronze horse statues, and every single crevice in the ancient square; black clouds multiplied quickly overhead, and then lightning split the dark sky. In no time, rain was pouring down like water bursting from a dam, and the seawater started rising rapidly.

The boss watched what was happening in horror. “James, what in hell’s name is happening?”
“It seems that our opponent has far more power than we expected. Sir, if you don’t get your soldiers out soon, they are going to die in the storm,” James said.
The boss shouted into his mobile phone like a madman, fighting to be heard above the chaos above and below him. The helicopters moved towards the mainland quickly, but two of them flew into buildings, exploding into fireballs; one gunboat crashed into the square, sinking rapidly. Soldiers in the square ran frantically towards the higher floors of the buildings as the sea level rose higher and higher.
Huge waves mercilessly pounded the ancient structures. Following a huge cracking noise, the first building by the sea collapsed, and the rest of the structures trembled, in danger of meeting the same fate.
“Run for your lives!” Bevis shouted into his phone.
Soldiers climbed off windows and doors from higher floors of the buildings, inflated their personal life jackets, and swam towards the mainland; a few large rubber lifeboats appeared and picked up the soldiers.
“Sir, I suggest we leave as well. I don’t think this church will last very long after the palace next door falls,” James said.
“You and the rest go now!” Bevis shouted.
“What about you, sir?” one of the soldiers shouted.
“I’ll stay here,” he shouted back.
In the chaos, Charlie grabbed a life jacket and plunged off the church balcony, jumping into the sea.  

Caitlin and Alice stood on the surface of the rough sea as if they were on firm ground. A sudden spasm of pain brought Caitlin to her knees.
“Cait, what happened?”
Caitlin screamed as the pain overwhelmed her and then subsided again. Taking a deep breath, she said, “I think my contractions just started.” 
“Oh, no.” Alice watched helplessly as the storm stopped and the sea retreated rapidly. Soon they were standing on the stone of the piazza. Apart from the few buildings by the sea that had collapsed, the rest of the structures, particularly the cathedral, were still mainly intact.
“Cait, we need to run.” Alice went to pick up Caitlin.
“The baby and I won’t survive the flight. Please save yourself, Ali; there is no reason for you to die here with me.”
Alice drew her sword. “I’ll guard you with my life. Let’s die together.”

From high above on the church’s balcony, Bevis looked down at Caitlin and Alice and laughed. “Now it’s our turn…”
“Sir.” James spoke urgently. “I strongly suggest not killing them; it’d be much more beneficial to capture them alive than to kill them.”
“What for? Obviously she doesn’t give a damn about her husband, so using Charlie as a hostage won’t work.”
“Sir, the reason the storm suddenly stopped is because her contractions just started, so if we capture her alive and use her baby as a hostage, she will do anything we want. Plus, imagine if we could use her to develop a weapon capable of creating such a storm.”
The boss thought about it and then nodded. “You’re right, let’s take her alive.” As the boss was about to pass the order to his soldiers, James spoke again.
“Sir, even if she is giving birth, it’d still be dangerous to approach them now. I suggest that we surround them, wait until after she gives birth, and then capture her.”
“Nonsense. Our best chance to get her is while she’s in labor.”
“But we could kill her baby in the process…”
“Who cares?”
“Sir, without her baby, we won’t be able to force her to do things for us.”
“James, after capturing her, I have all kinds of tortures and drugs I can use to force her; let’s get this over with.”
“Sir, one last thing; if you really want to capture her now, there will be a battle, and many of your soldiers will die in the process.”
“These guys are martial arts experts and the best swordsmen I know. Fifty tough soldiers will surely be able to get rid of a teenage girl and a pregnant woman.”
“I wouldn’t be that confident. Remember, Caitlin went to the vampires’ den alone and managed to get the antidote. Although I don’t know how she did it, I can only guess there must have been fierce battles involved. Do you think your men are better than the vampires in terms of hand-to-hand combat?”
“What do you suggest then?”
“We use car-wheel strategy to exhaust them and then we capture them without any casualties on our side.”
“What the hell is this car-wheel strategy?”
“Have your men surround them in a circle, with only one man attacking at one time. Make sure your soldiers only attack their limbs, so as not to kill them. Soon after the attack, one man retreats immediately and the next one takes his turn. By doing this, the men only need to take care of one attack, so there is less chance they will be killed.”
“James, are you telling me all of these experts and swordsmen will not be able to handle more than one round of attacking?”
“Some will, but most of them won’t, sir. If you would like to reduce our casualties and capture them alive, the car-wheel strategy is the only way to do it.” 

“Here they come,” Alice said quietly, testing the weight of the swords in her hands.
While enduring the contractions, Caitlin lifted her head up and saw soldiers armed with swords, spears, and many other types of medieval weaponry pouring out of the cathedral.
“I expected them to shoot us straight away,” Alice said.
Caitlin thought about it and then said, “I think they’re going to capture us alive.”
“Well, it won’t be that easy, but at least we won’t die immediately.” Alice waved her swords. 
It didn’t take long for the fifty soldiers to surround Caitlin and Alice in a large circle. Immediately, a large soldier, over six foot four with broad shoulders and massive muscles, swung a huge mace, launching the first attack.
Alice took two steps forward, her sword chopping at his arm. If he kept waving his mace, his arm would be cut off before the mace landed on Alice’s head. Alice had to give him credit for realizing this fact. He quickly moved sidewards, avoiding Alice’s sword, but he didn’t manage to avoid Alice’s foot. She kicked his unbalanced backside and sent him face down ten feet away.
The following three attackers didn’t get much better results; they were either knocked down, sliced by Alice’s swords, or hurt with their own weapons.
Behind the soldiers’ circle, Bevis angrily shouted, “Two, no, four attack at the same time.”
The situation changed immediately. Alice not only had to defend herself but also had to protect Caitlin; she was running in circles deflecting weapons aimed towards Caitlin, who sat on ground, writhing from her contractions.
On a few occasions, Caitlin had to wield her sword in a kneeling position to defending herself, but she soon collapsed as another strong spasm of pain hit her.
It didn’t take long for Alice to receive a few wounds on her arms and legs. Blood from her enemies and her own wounds covered Alice’s face and body. Although she wounded a few soldiers, they were outnumbered twenty-five to one. Looking at the soldiers’ mad eyes, Alice knew they would kill her and Caitlin with no hesitation.
“Cait, this is our last chance. Please call for help! This is for your unborn baby; he doesn’t deserve to die.”
The words “unborn baby” made Caitlin look up. While Alice was in a half-kneeling position to deflect a broadsword, Caitlin raised her sword towards the sky again.
Seawater rose rapidly, but there was neither lightning nor strong wind this time. Just as the soldiers thought they were safe from the storm, a scream from one man changed everyone’s mind. They were all horrified to see what was in the water beneath their feet. 
32.	 The Bridge 

Under the water that had rapidly risen to five feet deep in the piazza swam sharks, saltwater crocodiles, sea snakes, and other sea creatures. 
Bevis shouted, “Retreat!” but it was too late for them to go back to the cathedral.
Caitlin and Alice rose up as the water level rose, as if they were on solid ground. Caitlin said, “Keep still if you want to live.”
One of the soldiers tried to use his spear to stab the shark closest to him, but with a desperate scream he lost his right foot to the shark’s mouth instead.
“Tie up his leg to stop the bleeding. Bevis, I don’t know how long I can keep the sharks from the blood. I can let all of you leave safely under one condition.”
More sharks swam in, following the scent of blood.
“What’s the condition?” Bevis asked desperately. Nearby, a few large lifeboats were gunning towards them.
“The condition is that you release Charlie and leave us alone. We will disappear and never come to Europe again. Do we have a deal?”
“Yes, we do, but I have no idea where Charlie is now. He must have escaped from the cathedral in the chaos.” Bevis stared at a shark swimming a few inches from his body.

Watching the soldiers and Bevis climb up into the lifeboats and make a hasty exit, Caitlin breathed out a sigh of relief. Soon the seawater retreated and she was on firm ground again. She closed her eyes and thanked all the sea creatures that had come to her assistance.
“You shouldn’t have let them go,” Alice said. “They deserved to die for what they did to us and other creatures.”
“Ali, you know I don’t want to hurt anyone if I can avoid it. Life is precious.”
“Even the life of someone like Alain Bevis?”
“He will have to live with his own conscience for what he has done.”
“I don’t think he has any conscience. Cait, do you really think that he’ll keep his promise to let us go free?”
Caitlin bit her lip to mute the oncoming scream. A few minutes later, she managed to speak again. “No, I don’t. Alain Bevis cannot be trusted, but it will give us some time, and hopefully I will be able to give birth before they come back again.”
After the contraction subsided, with help from Alice, Caitlin struggled to stand up.
“Ali, could you please help me. We need to move deeper into Venice. We may be able to hide for a while, but we are too vulnerable so close to the sea.”
So Alice carried Caitlin in her arms, following the narrow streets along the canals, walking deeper into the maze-like city.
Suddenly, Caitlin called out, “Ali, the bridge we just passed. Is it the bridge where I met Charlie for the first time?”
Alice forced herself to hold her tears back and said, “It is. Cait, let’s keep moving. We’re still too close to the square.”
“Please put me down. I’d like to have a rest at the bridge.”

“Ali, we were standing right here when I saw Charlie for the first time. He was looking at me as if he was under a spell.”
Alice didn’t respond.
Caitlin pointed at the stone steps on the other side of the bridge. “Remember, Charlie sat there for three days hoping to see me again. He was so sweet then.”
“Cait, Charlie has changed. He betrayed you!”
Caitlin doubled over in pain, struggling to endure the next round of contractions. Finally, she sat up after the spasm passed.
Alice wiped the sweat off Caitlin’s face and then asked, “Cait, do you regret it? I mean, after all of your efforts, now you see how it all ended up?”
“I don’t regret it at all. I tasted real love with Charlie, and it was nothing like I had ever imagined. For just a moment of experiencing the joy of true love, I would die happy.”
“True love,” Ali said bitterly. “Your true love won’t do anything to save either you or your unborn baby.”
Caitlin didn’t answer, as she was enduring the next round of contractions.

Caitlin rested her head on Alice’s lap and dozed off from the exhaustion of the contractions and the battle. Alice stroked Caitlin’s hair, staring at Caitlin’s tired but still stunningly beautiful face as her thoughts went back to five hundred years ago in south China.

Alice had been happily living with her family in the warm, wet mountain area for as long as she could remember. Living in the jungle, nature’s law of kill or be killed was just a matter of daily life. It didn’t bother Alice to see her fellow snakes get caught and eaten by birds, rats, and other animals. It was the way of life in nature: animals had to hunt to feed their families and survive, and the natural law kept the balance.
Alice, a green snake, was always clever, strong, fast, and cautious, so she was able to survive in the jungle. By the time she was fully grown into a giant python, there was virtually no natural enemy that could endanger her life, but she still lived in the same way as every other animal in the wild, hunting, resting, and hunting again.
One day she heard strange noises that she had never heard before, and she later learned they were produced by humans. She saw those strange-looking animals, standing and walking with their two hind legs, using burning torches and smoke to chase her fellow snakes out of their hiding places and then using long, sharp spears and nets to capture them. 
If those humans hunted her fellow snakes for food to survive, just like the rest of the wild animals, Alice wouldn’t have had much problem with that, but in most cases, these humans would cut the snakes open, take part of their organs, and then discard the rest. They didn’t even spare the baby snakes. It made Alice angry, but she waited patiently for her chance.
On a stormy day, while a group of those greedy human snake hunters were taking shelter from the heavy rain in a mountain cave, Alice attacked. Her mighty body crushed the humans’ pathetic bodies into pieces until blood flooded down the mountain slopes.
After her initial success, Alice patrolled the mountains, valleys, and jungles and ambushed any snake hunters who dared to invade her territory. To her delight, fewer and fewer human hunters dared to come anywhere near her home.
When the natural balance was finally restored to the valley and the wild animals were able to enjoy their lives again, a different group of humans came to the jungle. Later she learned they were Buddhist monks with magic power.
At the time, she did not have any idea how powerful those monks were. Just as Alice was attacking them in the same way she had attacked the snake hunters, one monk used his staff to pin her down on the ground and was going to chop her head off. 
Alice then heard a voice, and a woman in a pure white dress appeared in front of everyone. All humans, both snake hunters and monks, looked ugly and disgusting to Alice, but not this woman; her voice was so beautiful and her movements so graceful. 
The white-clad woman used her sword to knock the monk’s staff away so Alice was free, but there were dozens of monks surrounding them. Alice was wounded so badly that she could hardly move and could only watch as the white-clad woman battled fearlessly with twelve monks. Finally, she pinned down a monk with her sword on his throat and asked the rest of the monks to stop attacking.
Alice couldn’t understand the humans’ words then, and only later was she told what actually happened. The white-clad woman asked the monks to let Alice go free and argued that she was killing the snake hunters purely in self-defense, to protect her family and her way of living, but the monks insisted that Alice was an evil monster and deserved to be destroyed.
After lengthy arguments and negotiations, the white-clad woman finally managed to reach an agreement with the monks—she would take Alice away and never come anywhere near the human world again.
Alice had no idea how, but after the white-clad woman mumbled a series of words, her body shrank, becoming only a few inches long, so she could comfortably lie inside the woman’s pocket. Soon she fell into a deep sleep. Upon waking, Alice found herself inside a large cave, and the beautiful white-clad woman was next to her.
From then on, on top of Er Mei Mountain, the white-clad woman took Alice out each day to teach her how to meditate and cultivate herself. Alice was not surprise when one day the white-clad woman transformed herself into a giant white snake beside her, as she had felt as if they were connected by a deep bond from the moment the white-clad woman saved her life. Of course, the white-clad woman was Caitlin.

With centuries of endless meditation and cultivation, Caitlin helped Alice to gain human form. On the first day Alice was able to speak in human language, she vowed to become Caitlin’s slave, stay with Caitlin forever, and protect her master with her life. 
Although she didn’t completely agree with Caitlin’s universal love and belief that all life was precious, Alice willingly followed her master and became a vegetarian. 
When Caitlin told her that they were going to the human world to search for her true love, Alice was reluctant to leave their beautiful mountain home. She had no interest in entering the greedy and ugly human world and would prefer to accompany her master in the wild forever, but she agreed in the end, as she wanted her master to be happy.
Looking down at Caitlin, although she now had a European face, Alice could still see the white-clad woman who had saved her life. Alice sighed. She knew that as long as Charlie was in danger, Caitlin would not want to leave.
After thinking for a while longer, Alice decided it was all Charlie’s fault. Without him, she and her master wouldn’t have needed to come to the human world in the first place, and they would not be faced with this mortal danger. He was the only reason Caitlin refused to fly away with her back to their home. It was her duty to save her master at all costs, so if necessary, she would kill Charlie to get her master out of danger. Alice would willingly kill herself in front of her master if her master would not forgive her, and she would still feel happy as long as Caitlin was safe.
Having made up her mind, Alice stroked Caitlin’s hair and said softly, “My dear master, I’ll get you out of here safely.” 
33.	The Truth 

Charlie clung onto the window rails on the other side of the cathedral to avoid being swept into the deep sea. When the seawater subsided, he managed to land on the square by floating on top of the seawater. 
He witnessed Bevis and his soldiers being frightened to death by sharks and other sea predators and almost laughed out loud. His Caitlin must be so magical and powerful to control these sea creatures.
Later, when Alice carried Caitlin towards the center of Venice, Charlie followed as quietly as possible at a distance. From the expression on Alice’s face, he knew that if he appeared in front of them, she would kill him as soon as she saw him.
While Caitlin sat on the bridge where they had met for the first time, Charlie made up his mind—he wanted to go and be with his wife, even if it meant dying by Alice’s sword.
It seemed that both Caitlin and Alice were too preoccupied with their own thoughts, because neither noticed Charlie until he was on the other side of the bridge.
“Cait,” Charlie said quietly.
Both Caitlin and Alice acted almost at the same time. 

Alice drew her sword and spat words out one by one from between her teeth. 
“You dare to approach us.”
Charlie couldn’t help but retreat as Alice advanced; he had never felt so scared in his life, and he knew this could be the end of him. 
“Please, Cait, let me explain…”
Caitlin struggled to stand up. “Ali, stop. Let’s hear what Charlie has to say.”
“There is nothing he could say that we need to hear.” Alice suddenly leaped forward, and her sword made a silver arch in the air, slicing at Charlie’s throat.
It was not the first time Charlie had seen Alice wielding her sword. While he had witnessed her fight with the martial arts experts and swordsmen in San Marco Square, he had never personally been so close, and his neck was the target. In fact, he was unable to see how fast the sword was approaching him, but the one thing he knew for sure was that his life was about to end.
While closing his eyes and waiting for his last moment, Charlie suddenly felt something soft wrapping around his waist, and then a force pulled him sideways. Opening his eyes, Charlie saw the tip of the sword only an inch away as it passed his face. Glancing up, he saw Caitlin holding a long, heavy white silk rope that was wrapped around his waist. Caitlin had used the silk rope to drag him away from certain death.
There was no time to think or react; Charlie felt the rope jerk again, and this time he was pulled forward, and the sword again missed his body by mere inches. The following sequence of events happened so fast that Charlie was unable to see exactly what happened: his tall body was dragged and pulled forwards, sideways, down to the ground, and lifted up, like a puppet controlled by strings. Meanwhile, Alice’s sword swished past his body but always missed him narrowly. On a few occasions, the sword came so close to him that Charlie lost a strand of hair, and a couple of fragments of cloth were sliced off his shoulder and legs.
It may have felt like ages to Charlie, but the whole event only lasted a few seconds.  Charlie opened his eyes again just in time to see Alice’s sword sever the silk rope, and Charlie fell to the ground. Immediately, Alice’s sword arced down towards him, and this time there was nothing that could save his life.

Upon hearing the ring of clashing metal, Charlie saw Alice’s sword being knocked from her hand, as if hit by an invisible object. Then Caitlin gripped Charlie’s arm, and with the ease of an adult handling a small child, she hurled Charlie behind her and said firmly, “Ali, that’s enough; please stop!”
Looking down at the ground, Charlie saw one of Caitlin’s hairpins lying on the stones; he then realized that Caitlin had thrown her hairpin to knock Alice’s sword away, saving him once more from certain death.
Alice was so angry that she kicked at the bridge’s handrail: the rail, together with the thick iron bars, were knocked off the bridge and plunged into the canal twenty feet away.
“Please, both of you, let me explain. At least let me say sorry before you kill me,” Charlie begged.
Caitlin looked at Alice, who stood with her back towards them, and then at Charlie. “Charlie, I don’t know what to say. Alright, please go ahead and say what you want to say.”
Charlie concentrated for a few moments, organizing his thoughts, and said, “Cait, I have to be honest with you. When I saw your…I mean your original form, I was scared to death…”
“You weren’t scared to death; you were poisoned,” interrupted Alice.
“I know that part now; James told me when were on the plane flying to Venice,” said Charlie.
“James told you that? Did he tell you that in front of Alain Bevis?” asked Caitlin thoughtfully.
“James told me how you risked your life fighting vampires and soldiers to save my life, but he told me in private.”
“I wonder why he did that?” Caitlin said slowly.
“He just wanted to prove that you’re not human, as no human would be able to achieve what you did,” said Alice.
“But James did say that Caitlin’s heart is more compassionate than most humans’, and that true love is hard to find in our world today,” said Charlie.
“Oh.” Caitlin didn’t say any more.
“When they shot the dummies, I thought you were both dead. At that moment, my heart was truly broken, and I realized just how much I love you, Cait. I hated myself for betraying you and causing your death, so I screamed and tried to jump off the balcony to kill myself, but James stopped me. He told me to calm down, that you hadn’t died. He said Cait was far too smart and powerful for that.”
“I heard the screaming.” Alice’s voice became a bit softer. “Tell us how you managed to get away from Alain Bevis.”  
“While the storm was causing panic and everyone was trying to escape, I used the opportunity to grab a life jacket and jump into the sea. I was lucky that I wasn’t swept away from the city. I don’t expect either of you to forgive me. I just wanted to tell you how sorry I am for what I have done to you, and I am happy to die if you don’t forgive me…”
“Do you understand what you’ve done, Charlie?” Alice shouted at Charlie. “Let me tell you. You were poisoned with vampiric poison by Alain Bevis and James Li, and Caitlin, who is nine months pregnant, went to the vampires’ den in Naples alone, fought with vampires and European branch soldiers, and nearly died many times to get the antidote to save your life. What did you do in return? You betrayed her and went straight to Alain Bevis and James Li. Even after being betrayed, Caitlin knew Alain Bevis would kill you if she didn’t come to Venice, so here we are again to save you. We fought the most powerful armies in Europe, and even now we are still on dangerous ground and have no way out. Because of you, we are all, including your unborn baby, in mortal danger, so you saying sorry now…” Alice couldn’t finish her sentence, as she was weeping too heavily.
“I…I mean…” Charlie tried a couple of times but was unable to make a sentence.
Caitlin sat on the stone steps of the bridge. “Charlie, it’s time to tell you the truth.”

Caitlin pinned her hair up with a hairpin and then said, “Charlie, do you know how and why we met on this bridge in the first place?”
Without a word, Charlie shook his head.
“You didn’t think it was because you were such a handsome and charming guy that I fell in love with you at first sight, did you?” asked Caitlin.
“Not at all, but that was certainly the case for me,” Charlie said, finally managing to speak a whole sentence.
“No, Charlie, it was our fate to meet on that day on this bridge.” Caitlin paused, waiting for another wave of pain to pass, and then continued, “It’s a long story; we have to start from what happened in a valley on Er Mei Mountain over a thousand years ago.”
“Er Mei Mountain? Isn’t that where my mother was originally from?” asked Charlie.
“It is. Just shut up and listen,” said Alice.
“On that particular day, a white snake, only three feet long and still young, was enjoying the fresh air, the clear water from the mountain creek, and the green grass. Suddenly a scholar, the most handsome young man the little white snake had ever seen in her life, walked by. It was the first time she’d ever had such close contact with a human, and she was both excited and worried. She was excited to be able to observe him, as she had always longed to live in human form, but she was also terrified, as she had witnessed so many snakes and other wild animals being mercilessly killed by humans.”
Caitlin wiped the sweat from her face and then continued, “The white snake was so absorbed in watching this handsome young man that she forgot about the danger from the sky. When she heard the piercing noise, it was too late for her to either hide or escape. A large eagle gripped her body with its sharp claws and soared high into the air.
“The white snake felt no pain, although the eagle made a few large, bloody holes in her body, but she was extremely sad. It was her first encounter with a human, and it would be her last as well, but what happened next changed her entire life.
“The handsome young scholar grabbed his bow and shot three arrows at the large bird. While the first two missed, the third arrow struck the eagle’s body. The eagle released its victim and tumbled into the misty valley, and the white snake fell back to the ground where the young scholar was.”
Caitlin paused and spoke again after the next round of painful spasms subsided. 
“The handsome young man picked the white snake up, washed her wounds gently in the creek, and went away. At the time, the white snake wondered what he was doing but she soon realized he was gathering herbs to help heal her wounds. In fact, the white snake also knew many of these herbs. It is a snake’s basic instinct to know which herbs can help heal their wounds. He chewed the herbs and turned the leaves into a paste.
“The scholar applied the herb paste to the white snake’s wounds and bandaged her body carefully. After he was done, he played music on his guqin to soothe her pain. It was such wonderful music that the white snake forgot all of her pain and misery. She began to imagine that she had transformed into a beautiful princess in a pure white dress so she could tell the young scholar how much she loved him.
“The scholar told the white snake that he was on his way to the imperial examination, and if he was successful, he would use his knowledge to eliminate corruption, help the poor and sick, and make the world a better place for everyone.
“The handsome young scholar had not only saved the white snake’s life, but also, more importantly, enlightened her. He told her about Tao—the way. From that moment, she vowed, regardless of how hard it was and how long it took, that she would pursue Tao, achieve total transformation into a human, and then go to the human world to seek the scholar, because he had promised her that he would marry her in his next life if they were both in human form.
“She worked hard for centuries. Through meditation and cultivation, she finally achieved human form. Inspired by the young scholar’s words, she used her herbal medicine knowledge to cure and help thousands and thousands of poor and sick people, particularly during the virus epidemic a thousand years ago. As a result, people called her ‘Lady White,’ because she always wore pure white dresses.
“Five hundred years ago, she saved a green snake and helped her to achieve human form as well. In return, the green snake wanted to be her slave to thank her, but they were not master and slave but like sisters to each other.
“Ten years ago, by using I Ching prediction, she foretold that on a particular day in Europe she would finally meet the young scholar, of course in his next life. So, for the first time, she and her friend left China and went to Europe.
“Unfortunately, the prediction was not exact, only a rough period of time. For ten years, she and her friend travelled through Europe, and finally, on that day, on this bridge, she met the young scholar—or his reincarnation, to be more accurate.”
Caitlin held Charlie’s hand, speaking gently. “Charlie, I should have told you the truth about who I was long ago, but I was so worried about losing you that it never happened. I kept putting it off, and then everything went wrong on that Duanwu festival night.”
Nobody said anything for a long time.
Finally, Charlie said, “I had no idea there was such a long history between us. Even when we met for the first time, although I was spellbound by your beauty and fell hopelessly in love with you, I did feel there was some kind of mythical bond between us, and now I know it is our fate and our destiny to be together.”
Charlie stood up and kneeled in front of Caitlin. “Cait, I love you more than ever. I’ll never stop loving you. Ali, please forgive me for all of my wrongdoings. I’m willing to die by your sword if I change my heart towards Cait ever again.”
“I’m not sure you’ll have a chance to change your heart, because it’s unlikely we’ll get out of here alive today,” said Alice.
Just then, Caitlin’s screams became very intense. She was about to give birth.  
34.	 Newborn 

Alice held Caitlin’s hand. “Cait, is this it?”
“I don’t know.” Caitlin struggled to speak between the screaming.
“Cait, we need more room.” Alice picked Caitlin up, walking over the bridge to the piazza. She put Caitlin down near the stone water fountain. 
“This is better.”
‘Ali.’ Caitlin gripped Alice’s arm and said through their sister-talk, ‘Remember what I told you before: I think it’s time for you to perform the Far Shu.’
‘Cait, think about it. Your child is a human baby. Without your power, he’ll be an ordinary boy and live happily in the human world with his father. By empowering him, you will turn him into someone quite special, but it may not do him any good.’
‘Ali, he would never be an ordinary human boy, because he has a mother like me. Believe me, they would never leave him alone. I can see it right now. We need to ensure he gets away from here safely.’
‘So that’s why you want to transfer your power to him?’
‘Yes, so you can take him out of here, as no human could survive a magic flight.’
‘Cait, please promise you will fly out of here with us. Together.’
‘I won’t be able to fly after passing the power to my baby.’
‘We both know that’s a lie. Even after transferring as much power as your baby’s body could receive, you would still have sufficient power to fly. It’s because of Charlie, isn’t it?’
‘Sorry, Ali, I have to stay. If I am gone, Alain Bevis will kill Charlie for sure, to avenge his son’s death.’
‘Oh no, I can’t let you sacrifice yourself to save Charlie’s life. Master, I’ll get you out of here safely at all costs, even if it means I have to kill Charlie to achieve it.’
‘If you kill Charlie, you will effectively kill me as well.’
‘Master, you can kill me to avenge Charlie later, but for now I have to get you out of here.’
‘Listen to me, Ali! If you still regard me as your master, I ask you to follow my order: my baby will be your new master, and your sole mission is to ensure he leaves here and grows up safely. Please promise me.’
Alice’s tears flowed down her cheeks. “I promise, master,” she said aloud.
“Ali, what’s this promise?” asked Charlie.
‘Don’t tell Charlie the truth,’ Caitlin said through their sister-talk.
Alice glanced at Charlie briefly. “Even before the pregnancy, Caitlin knew that there was a chance her body would not be compatible with a human baby—chemically rather than physically. As a result, Cait will have to use a special Far Shu power, the Chinese equivalent of a spell or curse, to change her body so she can give birth safely.”
“Charlie, you know what? This Far Shu could also enable me to become a real human woman, your real wife,” said Caitlin.
“What?” The shock was so absolute to Alice that she forgot to use their sister-talk. “Cait, you never told me that. Think about it carefully: you’d be giving up your immortality to live a short human life, to live in the cheating, hate-filled human world for the rest of your life. Please reconsider it.”
“Ali, what could happen to Cait if you used this Far Shu?” asked Charlie.
“She could die in the process. It’s possible for Caitlin to complete this human transformation gradually over a few more decades, as she has been doing over the last thousand years, but the Far Shu would speed up the transformation …” Alice was interrupted by Caitlin’s scream.
“Cait, you know you don’t have to take this risk for me,” Charlie said.
“Charlie, I want to be with you until our hair turns white, and I want to be a real human woman,” said Caitlin.
‘Please, Cait, reconsider your decision,” begged Alice.
Caitlin closed her eyes for a moment and then said, “I’ve made up my mind. Ali, if you don’t want to apply the Far Shu, I will do it myself, but it will have more chance of succeeding if you do it.”
Alice shook her head and then put her hands into the water fountain. In a matter of seconds, steam began to rise from the water. Alice had heated up the water with her power. 

The next few moments were like a dream to Charlie. He watched Alice put her hands on top of Caitlin’s head and mumble some words and then hold Caitlin’s hands and mumble more words. Alice said quietly, “Charlie, please pray for Cait. This is it.”
Whilst still holding Caitlin’s hands, Alice shouted: “Ji!”
Caitlin’s body shook violently, and then her face started glowing. The whole process lasted only a few seconds, then the glow disappeared.
“Cait, how do you feel?” asked Alice urgently.
Caitlin slowly opened her eyes, smiling. “Thank you so much, Ali. I’m still alive; you did it!” She then turned to Charlie. “I’m a true human woman now. Unfortunately, I didn’t manage to change my appearance back to a Chinese girl, so you will have to be stuck with this blonde girl.”
Charlie hugged Caitlin, kissed her, and laughed. “I can cope with a blonde wife. I love you so much, Cait.”
Alice pulled Charlie away as Caitlin started screaming again. This time the baby was truly coming. 

Since Caitlin became pregnant, Charlie had read lots about pregnancy and childbirth. He understood that, though many factors affected how difficult labor and delivery was, the mother’s physical condition played a very important part.  In Caitlin’s case, with her perfect and physically fit body, labor was not difficult. Merely half an hour later, he heard their son’s first cry, loud and clear.
Alice washed the baby in the warm water of the fountain, wrapped him up in cloth torn from her and Caitlin’s dresses, and then gave him to Caitlin.
Caitlin kissed the baby’s tiny face, tears flowing down her cheeks. “My baby, your mum has waited for you for so long…you must be hungry.” Caitlin put the baby to her breast and smiled as the baby began sucking greedily. 
“What a strong boy he is! Just listen to his sucking sounds,” Alice said, and everyone laughed.
“Charlie, we need to give him a name; we can’t just call him baby,” Caitlin said. After thinking for a few minutes, she said, “I’d like to call him Shilin. It means intellectual.”
“Shilin, I like it,” said Charlie. 
“The reason I want to name him Shilin is because I want him to be educated and pursue a career in civil service, away from killing and war.”
Alice looked around and then said, “Cait, we need to work out how to get out of here first.”
“Yes, we do.” Caitlin looked at the baby boy and smiled. “Let him eat a bit more; he’ll need it for the long trip.”
“What long trip are you talking about?” asked Charlie.
Caitlin looked up. “There’s no ordinary way out. Alain Bevis must have blocked all the ways out from either sea or land, so the only way is to fly, but I just lost my power, so Alice is the only one able to fly.” Caitlin turned to Alice. “Ali, I beg you, take my baby and fly away.”
“Cait, I will, but…”
“Ali, please listen, as we don’t have much time. When you fly out of here, don’t go back to Er Mei Mountain or hide in a remote place, because those are the places they will search first, and they would find you and Shilin with modern technology.” Caitlin paused and then said, “The best place to hide a grain of sand is on a beach, but please don’t tell me where you’re going.” Cait put her hand up to stop Alice’s questions. “If something goes wrong, please just tell Shilin his mother had to go away for a long time, and don’t tell him the truth until he is eighteen. Please promise.”
“I promise,” Alice said tearfully.
“And please make sure Shilin doesn’t try to avenge me. I don’t believe in revenge. I want him to have a happy life, away from hatred.”
“OK.” Alice nodded. “Cait, I can try to fly with all of you; I know I can do it.”
“I know you could, but it would be very slow. Flying only with Shilin, you can travel much faster and have the best chance of getting away from here safely.”
“What about you and Charlie?”
“Charlie and I will meet you later. I’ll be able to find you easily once we are out of here.”
Alice thought for a moment. “In that case, I’d better get ready to go. The sooner I leave, the better chance Shilin and I will have.”
“No, Ali, if you fly now, it will be very dangerous. Alain Bevis will have blocked the airway with helicopters and planes.”
“But if we wait, wouldn’t it be more dangerous when Alain Bevis and his men surround us here?” asked Alice.
“I’m banking on that,” said Caitlin. “Sometimes the most dangerous situation is actually the safest moment to act.”
“I still want us all to leave together,” Alice said.
Just then, a voice sounded from behind them.
“Nobody is going anywhere.” 
35.	Last Kiss in Venice

Caitlin looked back and was unsurprised to see Bevis, James, and hundreds of soldiers. They all had their guns, or machine crossbows, to be more accurate, pointing at them.
“Mr. Bevis, I thought we made a deal not long ago. I let you go, and now it is your turn to keep your word,” said Caitlin.
“I have to thank you for letting me live, but unfortunately I can’t let you go,” Bevis said. “Nobody move. And you, throw your sword away, now!”
Caitlin glanced back at Alice and nodded to her. Alice threw her sword on the ground reluctantly. 
“Mr. Bevis, I thought I could trust you to keep your promise,” said Caitlin casually.
“I don’t need to keep my word to my enemies,” said Bevis.
“That’s too bad. You know, this could become a habit. God knows what other lies you’ve told people.” Caitlin glanced at James briefly and then looked the boss in his eyes. “Mr. Alain Bevis, I understand how painful it is to lose a loved one, but killing others doesn’t do anyone any good. You cannot bring your loved ones back to life, and it won’t help you get over your hatred.” Caitlin glanced at James again; seeing that his expression was still like a mask, she turned back to Bevis.
“Hatred only creates more hatred. Only love can heal the wounds…” But she was interrupted by Bevis.
“Love? What do you know about love?” the boss shouted. “Do you know my son’s wife gave birth tonight, the same time as you? But unlike your child, his daughter won’t have a father to kiss her. It’s all your fault. It was you who helped the vampires kill my son.”
“Mr. Bevis, let me make this clear. You poisoned my husband first and forced me to risk my life to get the antidote from the vampire elder. Unfortunately, the only way to get the antidote was to help him and his family to escape. I tell you this once and for all: I would do anything to save my loved ones.”
Caitlin paused and then continued, “Your son was a hero; he died doing his duty, and he died for what he believed in: protecting innocents. Please don’t let him die in vain. By killing us, a family filled with love for each other, you would stain your own son’s sacrifice.”
“But you’re not human; you’re a snake monster,” Bevis shouted.
“I don’t need to remind you that it was me who saved millions, if not hundreds of millions of human lives from the viral epidemic not that long ago.  I’ve never hurt anyone intentionally. I’ve always tried to help everyone, including my enemies. I let you live this afternoon, for instance.” Caitlin settled her gaze on James as she finished her sentence.
“You killed many soldiers and destroyed buildings today,” Bevis said.
“I was only trying to protect myself and my unborn baby, because you ordered them to kill us without any negotiation, remember?”
“I don’t have time to waste with you. The reason you are talking like this must be another trick, to gain time so you can use your magic power. I won’t give you that chance again. Everyone, get ready to shoot.”
All three hundred guns were raised and pointed at Caitlin and her family, including the newborn baby.
“Mr. Bevis, are you really going to kill a newborn baby?” Caitlin asked.
“He is your son, so he will be another monster. Why should I show mercy to a monster?” asked Bevis, sneering.
Caitlin heard Alice’s voice in her head. ‘Cait, do it now!’ 
She answered via their sister-talk, ‘Ali, wait.’

Charlie hadn’t said a word since the soldiers arrived, but he couldn’t keep silent any longer. He jumped to his feet, opened his arms, and stood in front of Caitlin, his newborn son, and Alice.
“You can’t kill me. I’m a human, and I have human rights. Don’t you French have the best human rights record in the world? You need a trial to kill any human,” Charlie screamed at the top of his voice.
“You are a bloody annoyance. Kill him as well. Get ready…” 
Bevis was going to raise his arm, but James said, “Wait! Sir, I think Charlie is right. He is a human, and we can’t just kill him like this.” He moved a bit closer to the boss and said in a quieter voice, “There are so many witnesses here that it could be troublesome later to explain why we killed a human. Besides, Charlie did get these two monsters to Venice. Please let me get him out of here so you can kill those two monsters and the newborn baby monster.”
Bevis thought for a moment. “Alright, get him out of here so we can get on with our business.”
James walked forward, grabbed Charlie’s arm, and hissed, “Get out of here, you stupid bastard.”
Alice was about to make a move, but Caitlin told her to keep calm via their sister-talk.
Charlie struggled violently as James dragged him away. Suddenly he heard James say quietly in his ear, “Mo Dan,” which in Mandarin meant “magic dynamite.” He looked down, and sure enough, there was a small yellow beer can-like object hanging on James’ belt. James had told him, on his stag night, that the magic dynamite had the power to destroy every living creature within a hundred-foot range.
Without any hesitation, Charlie grabbed the magic dynamite, raised it above his head, and shouted, “Everyone put your guns down! Otherwise we’ll all die together. Do it now!”
James immediately released Charlie, took two steps, withdrew his magic gun, and pointed it at Bevis’ chest.
“Sir, I’m sorry for this.” 
He smashed his gun against Bevis’ temple, knocking him to the ground. James quickly grabbed the boss’ gun, put one of his feet on his chest, and pointed his two guns at the soldiers. 
“I don’t want to die; neither do you. Now put your guns down, lie on your stomachs on the ground, and put your hands behind your heads. If anyone runs, I’ll shoot you, and it’ll trigger the magic dynamite. You all know what that means—if it explodes, no one will survive; it doesn’t matter how fast you can run. Do it now!”
The square filled with the sound of metal hitting the stone pavement, then all the soldiers laid on the ground as ordered.
“James, please order all helicopters and airplanes to leave Venice airspace, and tell them that if anyone shoots at Alice, those three hundred soldiers will die with us. You can also tell them that I am staying,” demanded Caitlin.
James nodded and spoke into his mobile phone for a couple of minutes before nodding again. “Caitlin, the airspace is free to fly.”
Caitlin quickly kissed her son and then passed him to Alice. “Ali, tell him his mum loves him so much and I’ll always be with him in his dreams. Go now!”
Alice nodded with tears in her eyes, held the newborn, and with a swishing sound, she and the baby disappeared into the sky.

Bevis gradually came around. He felt James’ foot on his chest and shouted, “James, what have you done? Let me up.”
“Sorry, sir, I can’t do that. I have a duty to ensure the safety of these three hundred soldiers. To be honest with you, sir, you’ve been out of your mind for a while, and I don’t want to die with you.”
James paused and then pressed his gun right against the boss’ chest. “Mr. Alain Bevis, tell me exactly how my wife died. I’ll count to three, and I will shoot you if you don’t tell me the truth. One, two…”
“Stop, James. It was a mistake. She died in our friendly fire. She was collateral damage in the war fighting against evil…”
James punched the boss’ face so hard, at least three of his teeth broke. “Collateral damage and friendly fire? You piece of shit. Do you ever care about others’ lives? When other people die, you call them collateral damage, but when your son died doing his duty, you were willing to sacrifice many soldiers’ lives and ruin the ancient city of Venice to avenge his death. I am so sick of your double standard bullshit.” He punched the boss in his other cheek, breaking a couple more teeth.
“James, I demand that the ICSC pass a resolution to pardon my wife, based on this particular circumstance and the fact she saved millions of lives,” Charlie said.
James stood up, his foot still on Bevis’ chest. 
“I will get on it right away.”

While James was talking, explaining, and negotiating with the officials of ICSC, Caitlin said to Charlie softly, “Thanks, Charlie. I’m so happy that I finally found my true love.”
“ICSC will give you a fair trial. You saved so many lives…”
Caitlin smiled at him. “Charlie, I don’t care about anything anymore, because I have you now…”
They looked up as they heard the thrumming noise of a helicopter, which landed on the other side of the piazza. A man in military uniform jumped out and walked over to them. 
“James, I am General Williams, from the UK branch. I’m going to take over Alain Bevis’ duty on ICSC’s command.”
James turned to Charlie. “Charlie, ICSC had passed a resolution and agreed to give Caitlin a fair trial. As you just heard, Alain Bevis had been released from his duty. Please give the MD to me. It’s over.”
Charlie took a step back. “James, how can I trust that this is the real deal, not just another plot to trick us?”
“Charlie, I just talked to my old boss, Chairman Tan from the Chinese branch, and he confirmed the resolution.”
“When is the trial?” demanded Charlie.
“They said they’d work it out as soon as possible. Please, Charlie, give me the MD.”
Charlie looked at Caitlin, who nodded, so he passed the magic dynamite over to James.
General Williams nodded to Caitlin. “Sorry, madam, I am afraid you will have to come with us.”
“I know.” Caitlin put both her arms around Charlie’s neck and kissed him for a very long time. Finally, she broke away from him and said, “Goodbye, Charlie. I don’t regret any of this. You promised me once in your previous life that you would marry me, and you have kept your word. I want you to make another promise: wait for me, no matter what happens and no matter how long it takes.”
“Cait, you saved so many lives; they will give you a fair trial…”
“Please, Charlie, promise me that you will wait for me. I want to hear you say the words, please.”
“Cait, I promise you that I’ll wait for you, no matter what happens or how long it takes.”
“Thanks, Charlie. It sounds just like your promise in the valley of Er Mei Mountain. I can go now, because I know you will keep your promise.” Caitlin kissed Charlie for the last time and followed the general towards the helicopter.
“Cait, they will give you a fair trial and set you free soon,” Charlie shouted.
Caitlin looked back at Charlie for a long time, as if trying to imprint his image into her mind. In her gaze, apart from the heartbroken sadness, there was hope. Charlie could see the spark of hope in her eyes. Then she climbed up into the helicopter, and soon it roared high into the sky.
36.	Alps

Charlie put his backpack down on the train station’s platform and stared at the Alps while waiting for his train. His hair had turned gray already, despite him only turning thirty recently.
Since separating from his beloved Caitlin in Venice, Charlie had tried every possible way to contact the intercontinental supernatural council in Europe, the UK, and Australia, but no one knew what he was talking about. It was as if the ICSC had never existed; of course, he had not heard from James Li at all.
Charlie kept backpacking across Europe, working in restaurants and bars and talking to anyone who was willing to listen to his story in the hope of finding any clues that might lead him to where his Caitlin was, but he failed each time.
Weeks passed, then weeks became months and years; Charlie continued his search. 
On the same day every year, he went to Venice and sat beside the same bridge for the entire day, just staring at the empty bridge.
During the endless lonely nights, sometimes Charlie thought about giving up, but he had promised his Caitlin that he would wait for her, no matter what happened or how long it took. He would keep his promise, and he carried on living, waiting, and searching.
Despite all of his fruitless searching, Charlie never forgot the spark of hope in Caitlin’s eyes, so he firmly believed that he would see his Caitlin again one day; it was their fate to be together, and it had to happen. 
The train arrived. Charlie picked up his backpack, looked back at the Alps once more, and climbed onto the train. He would continue his search at the next stop, and one day, he would find his beloved Caitlin, and he would never separate from her again.
Author’s Notes

One day, I came across a video clip of the Beijing opera; the image of the Lady White and her beautiful singing beside the Broken Bridge brought tears to my eyes. That was the moment I decided to write the reinterpretation of ‘Legend of the White Snake,’ sharing with the rest of the world one of the most famous and beloved stories in Chinese history.

‘Legend of the White Snake’ has been around for over a thousand years in China, and any Chinese person almost certainly knows something, directly or indirectly, about the tale. Although it has been turned into operas and works of literature by famous authors throughout history, the folk tale is actually the collective product of Chinese people as a whole over the centuries. Lady White is far beyond the original fairy tale character; rather, she is an ideal representation of the virtues of Chinese women: she is beautiful, intelligent, resourceful, resilient, hardworking, caring and kind to everyone, assertive in pursuing her true love, and willing to sacrifice herself for her loved ones.

Over the last century and up till today, ‘Legend of the White Snake’ has been made into movies, TV series, operas, and books within the Chinese-speaking world; however, based on my limited knowledge, this could be the first time the Chinese love story has been translated into the English language and set outside of the Chinese environment. 

Despite Lady White’s European appearance and alternative plots different from the original version, Last Kiss in Venice follows the folk tale’s broad storylines, and most importantly of all, it faithfully retells the essence of the legend: Caitlin’s eternal love for Charlie and Alice’s friendship and loyalty to Caitlin. It illustrates the real meaning of true love: love is giving and self-sacrifice without expecting anything in return.

Due to my literary ability, this attempt may only be able to present a fraction of the original legend’s charm; however, I do hope it will open a window to give readers a glimpse of Chinese culture.   

