
LEGENDARY
BLUE DIAMOND

Mark Stewart


Copyright 2012: Legendary blue diamond Mark Stewart. All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reproduced in any form without written permission from the author. This story is fictitious and a product of the author’s imagination. Resemblance to any actual person living or dead is purely coincidental.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.
ISBN: 9781476256993

Edited Rosemary Cantala

Cover design. Joe Hart

Email mark_stewart777@hotmail.com
All reviews gratefully accepted.


My novels are based on the Australian culture. Some of the spelling is Australian and Australian slang. The full list of words and phrases are on the last page. Thanks for your understanding.

Other novels Mark Stewart has written

Crime

The Kendal chronicles
Fire games
Heart of a spider
I know your secret

Romance
Kiss on the bridge
Kiss on the bridge two
Kiss on the bridge three

The perfect gift

Blood red rose (Vampire romance adventure)
Blood red rose two
Blood red rose three

Legendary Blue Diamond
Legendary blue diamond two
Legendary blue diamond three

Don’t Tell My Secret (series)
201 May Street
The girl from Emerald Hill
Ladies’ Club
Book of secrets
Mistress

Planet X91 the beginning
Planet X91 the new home
Planet X91 the underwater cave
Planet X91 the storm
Planet X91 the drought
Planet X91 the fire
Planet X91 the plague
Planet X91 the doorway to time
(plus many more)



In this series


Legendary Blue Diamond
Legendary Blue Diamond two
Legendary Blue diamond three



LEGENDARY BLUE DIAMOND

Mark Stewart



PROLOG



Australian summer: 2012 AD


HISTORIANS WHO have researched the legendary blue diamond say it originated when the Earth was born. Some say the legend commenced with the union between a man who had skin, the color of the night sky and a woman who had skin the color of the sun. I have heard rumors the blue diamond couldn’t have been any larger than a single carat. Lately, there has been whispers the deep blue colored diamond is reported to be more than nine carats possibly even ten or higher. What I believe isn’t important, though I assume it lays somewhere in between. There’s been bush talk from the Australian Kimberley’s to Melbourne; whosoever touches the blue stone will die, for it is cursed by God. I believe it is due to man’s greed and the blood dripping from his hands is the truth behind the cursed stone.
I have extensively researched a great number of books on the subject looking for a start date to the authenticity of the legend. I think I may have uncovered the actual events though I have no way of proving if the facts are correct. I have been able to ascertain the legend started around the mid-1800’s when the State bank of Victoria was in its infancy. A gold prospector unearthed the diamond. In days, he sold it to a man in charge of the bank. He, in turn, made it into a ring for his wife. He described it as a definite once in a life time discovery. A businessman going by the name of Bobbi Forland invited the banker to play a game of cards. Eventually, the banker accused Forland of cheating him out of everything including the blue diamond ring. He was shot for his accusation. The banker made it home, dying in the arms of his wife. What of the blue diamond ring you ask? Of late a possible theory has been circulating the man’s wife had it in her possession. How she escaped from being murdered one can only guess.
If you ask me, do I believe in the story; I’ll answer you truthfully. I know it only as a legend.



CHAPTER ONE



Australian summer: 1850 AD.



FOR OVER a minute Jessica Hayes stared directly at her dead husband’s eyes. The long-handle shovel she held in her hands had been used for easier times. The hole she finished digging was located in the lowest section of the cemetery, reserved for the peasants. Jessica pushed the shovel’s blade into the clay. She took a well-deserved break, trying to make sense of the last seven hours. Her mind replayed the facts over and over on what had happened, including the reason behind her husband’s murder.
On Jessica’s twentieth birthday she stood at the altar pledging her vows to the man she wanted to love forever. Charles Hayes recited his pledge for her too. She didn’t expect to bury him the day before her twenty-first birthday.
Jessica’s loving husband left her penniless due to a game of poker. Everything he worked towards he lost on a pair of Jacks. Her husband accused the man sitting opposite him of cheating. He’d been shot in the stomach from under the table for his accusation. Dragging his half dead body out of the hotel, he managed to mount his horse. In three minutes, he made it to the front door of their mansion. Sitting on the marble-based verandah, leaning against the solid wooden front door his futile attempts to call out to Jessica were inadequate.
With bloody hands, Charles reached up and twisted the door handle and slowly crawled inside, leaving a blood trail behind him. Kicking the door closed to shut out prying eyes, he crawled towards the stairs. Ten feet from the door he gazed up at Jessica standing on the top stair glaring down at him through wide terrified eyes. She watched his mouth open, his lips quivering. Jessica sprinted down. When her left foot touched the floor, she ran towards him screaming at the top of her lungs. Jessica wrapped her arms around his waist to help him to get to a chair. Her arms couldn’t hold his weight. They both crumpled to the slate tiles. Through her tears, Jessica studied her husband’s face trying to understand the reason behind what had occurred at the saloon.
The sickening answer hit hard.
Jessica’s husband, a successful businessman, misused his power to gain even more money. At the height of his career, he gambled on a win. Charles lost everything, including his life.
On his last gasp, he mouthed the word ‘sorry!’
In the dead of night, Charles died in Jessica’s arms.
The rough-edged man who won the card game, the same one who murdered Jessica’s husband, pounded his fist seven times on the front door of the two-storey mansion. The man’s cold murderous expression depicted he felt determined to take possession of what should be legally his. He brought four large ugly friends for endorsement.
Jessica placed her dead husband’s head gently on the floor. As she reached for the solid brass door knob, someone kicked the door almost off its hinges. The violent entry made the fine workmanship, of the hand decorated china vase, tumble off the small entrance table. Jessica could do nothing to stop it from smashing. Hundreds of fine china pieces spewed across the floor.
“You will replace that vase. My dead husband gave it to me on our wedding day,” screamed Jessica.
“I will never replace anything I choose to break,” jeered the tall rough-edged man wearing the three-piece suit. “Here is something else to help you remember the moment.”
The man pushed Jessica from his path, boldly marched to the base of the staircase, picking up an exact duplicate of the first vase from off another small French polished wooden table. The man lifted the vase high above his head.
Jessica screamed. “Surely, you’re not mean enough to smash another expensive item?”
In the act of non-cooperation, the man hurled the two-foot vase at the floor. The impact spewed fragments over the entire area.
Through her grieving tears, Jessica focused on the man. Her entire body trembled from the intrusion. The man looked to be relishing in his power over a young widow.
“Get out of my mansion,” yelled the man.
“This is my home; you get out.”
“It is you who needs to get out. Boys come in. Chuck this trash out.”
The four men came marching through the open doorway as if they owned the place. Each deep snigger sounded callous. They acted excited at wanting to toss a defenseless woman out of the home she’d been living in.
“Girl, this is your last warning. Get out.”
The businessman stepped forward, grabbing hold of Jessica’s arm. She winced at the pain. In seconds, welts surfaced. The man mouthed more hurtful words. Jessica couldn’t hear what they were over her pounding heartbeat throbbing noisily inside her ears.
The businessman glared at the four men who looked to be waiting for the next command.
“Drag the woman to the door. After you have thrown out the rubbish, search the house. Inside an hour, I want what I came for.”
Each man grabbed one of Jessica’s limbs and carried her to the door. Before being tossed airborne, she spied the businessman throwing expensive paintings at the wall. Screaming for him to stop, he refused the request to cease destroying everything Jessica’s husband gave to win her heart. The intruder looked pleased after he tore in half her favorite painting of a horse drinking from a stream in the Australian bush.
In one massive throw, Jessica landed in the middle of a shallow pond twenty feet from the front door.
Battered and bruised she crawled out.
Crumpling into a ball, she listened to many more precious items the man smashed against the internal walls of the home she loved.
Standing her five-foot seven-inch frame to full height, Jessica glared at the four men blocking the doorway.
“Step aside, or I’ll force you,” she growled through quivering lips.
Laughter replaced the steel murderous expression of the four men.
Jessica stepped up to the largest of the four men. She didn’t hesitate in what she intended to do. Jabbing the man in the ribs followed by a tight fist to the man’s nose made him stumble backwards, blood pouring from his broken nose. Agile as a cat Jessica turned her attention to the next one. He and the other two men sprinted for the safety of the closest tree leaving the entrance unguarded.
Jessica marched back into the house, staring at the intruder. The tall man faced the angry woman head on.
“What is the meaning of this invasion?” screamed Jessica, raising her fists at the man. “Answer me immediately, or you’ll end up the same way as the man outside.”
“This house is now mine. Leave before you get hurt.”
“It is you who is about to be hurt. You have three seconds to explain the reason for your hostility?”
The man seemed to hesitate. He appeared to re-think his hostile actions. The ten-inch square canvas painting he held tight in his right hand of a young lad waving while leaning out of the window of a train carriage, the one Jessica’s dead husband gave her on their one-month anniversary was already torn. Jessica didn’t mourn over the loss. She used the pause to her advantage. In one swift move Jessica grabbed hold of the fine English bowl that after washing and drying it, she had placed in the exact middle of the Tasmanian oak buffet. She raised it above her head.
“Talk fast, or your head and this bowl will collide.”
“Go ahead, throw it, I don’t care,” said the man.
Jessica hurled the object at the man. He easily ducked. The bowl smashed against the wall causing thousands of crystal fragments to fly about the room.
A belly laugh erupted from the tall man. The remaining three men who had walked up behind Jessica waited for the signal. When the intruder nodded, two of the men stepped forward, took hold of Jessica’s arms, lifting her off the floor. Several times she attempted to kick the intruder. The tall man casually stepped up to Jessica. In a display of power, he slapped her across the face. He then grabbed Jessica’s white shirt, ripping the material and popping the six solid gold buttons. They bounced across the floor in different directions.
“Hopefully, the loss of the buttons will calm you down long enough to understand the power I have in this town.”
The intruder signaled his men to apply a downward pressure on Jessica’s shoulders. The act forced her to sit on the floor.
“You, horrid aggressive man; I see what your game is.”
“Don’t flatter yourself you, intolerable wench. I’m married. I have no desire to have you or this mansion. My colleagues, on the other hand, mightn’t agree with my ideas. They can’t resist a pretty young female who only wears a man’s white shirt to bed.”
Jessica clutched the edges of her shirt and overlapped the material. She stared up at the intruder’s eyes. “If you have no interest in me or my home, what is it you want?”
“I’m here for the rare blue diamond ring. Why you’re at it, hand over the two-magnificent solid silver Colt .45’s. They have a horse on the grip-etched in gold. They’re the ones everybody wants to obtain. When I have the items in my possession every man will look at me with admiration. The power I’ll have at my disposal will be un-measureable.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about?”
“My dear girl, you do know exactly what I’m talking about. Maybe I should allow my men to escort you to the closest bedroom. They seem somewhat interested in you. I’m positive a few minutes in the bedroom will help jog your memory.”
Jessica glared at the intruder through narrowed slits. Already she felt as though the men in the room had violated her.
“What sort of man are you to even consider such a horrendous act?”
“I’m a man who always gets what I want.” He clicked his fingers at the four men standing behind Jessica. Two stepped forward. Using Jessica’s elbows, they lifted her to her knees. “What is your answer, the bedroom or the information?”
“How do you know about the blue diamond?” whispered Jessica bowing her head.
“Now we are getting somewhere. I’m amazed how easily a few rounds of whisky loosened your husband’s tongue. My dear girl, to me the ring is worth more than this entire mansion. Hand, it over.”
“If my husband were alive, he’d never allow you or anyone else to waltz into my home claiming they owned it.”
“You’re quite right. You want proof? Here it is.”
The intruder opened a pocket on the inside of his coat. He threw a bloodied sheet of paper at Jessica. To torment her further, he threw the pair of losing cards on top of the handwritten sheet. The cards landed face side up. The man sniggered.
“Before your husband accused me of cheating which ultimately led to his death, he signed the paper as credit for his final round of cards. Winner takes all. Your husband clutched a pair of Jacks. I held a pair of Aces.”
Jessica wiped the tears from her eyes, trying to focus on the blood splattered words written on the sheet of paper she held in her trembling hands.
“Correct me if I’m wrong. Are those words written in your husband’s handwriting?”
“Yes,” Jessica croaked, hesitantly.
The intruder gathered a handful of Jessica’s long wet blonde hair. He pulled her head backwards forcing her to make eye contact.
“Read the entire note out loud.”
He let go of her hair and pushed her head level to the paper.
Jessica coughed in an attempt to either vomit the lump in her throat or to swallow it. Satisfied her voice would sound solid she read the note out loud.

“I Charles Lincoln Hayes will relinquish all my assets and money
including the pair of solid silver colt 45’s and the rare blue diamond ring
to Mr. Bobbi Forland if I should lose the next hand of poker;
effective immediately.
Signed Mr. Charles L Hayes this day Wednesday 19th January 1850 AD.”

Jessica watched the note slip from her fingers and float to the floor. The thought of being penniless hit hard in the pit of her stomach.
Forland took a step closer. He hovered over Jessica. “If you inform me exactly where the blue diamond ring is, I will guarantee your safety by personally escorting you off my premises.”
Jessica looked up. “What if I don’t?”
“You give me no choice. What you have endured up to this point in time is a mere thimble full of what I’m capable of doing. My men will happily escort you to the nearest bedroom. When they have finished, what part is still breathing will be taken outside. You will receive a dunking in the shallow pond. I do believe the stagnant water is deep enough to drown in.”
“Go to hell!”
Forland clicked his fingers. With an iron grip, two of Forland’s men immediately dragged Jessica along the floor towards the stairs.
“Wait!” yelled Jessica, frantically.
“Do you have something important to tell me?” Forland’s sneer looked evil. The tone in his voice sounded sarcastic.
“The ring is in a small private safe at the bank. I placed it there myself. In the morning go to the bank, show the clerk the note and he’ll give you the ring and a large pile of twenty-pound notes.”
“How do I know you’re not lying? A defenseless woman who is about to see the inside of a bedroom could say anything to postpone the act.”
Jessica rubbed her red swollen cheek. “I can understand how you’re thinking. I am telling you the truth.”
Forland sighed. “When the bank opens you will bring me the ring. If I attempt to visit the bank an employee might be suspicious.”
“What if I gave you the key? The room full of small private safe boxes is on the left after you have entered the bank. No one will look at you.”
“Are you certain of this?”
Jessica quickly nodded. She prayed her facial expression looked confident. A nerve under her left eye twitched. She dared not frown. To her relief the twitch stopped.
“What do you want in return?”
“To be able to walk out of this house untouched,” Jessica stated.
“The guns, where are they?”
“The same place as the ring.”
“Where’s the key?”
“Upstairs in my bedroom,” answered Jessica.
“If you’re trying to bluff me in any way, you’ll end up lying dead next to your husband.”
“Why should I try to deceive you? At this point, my life depends on me telling the truth.”
Jessica’s confident desperate words helped to paint a sly smirk on Forland’s face. Staring at his men he rubbed his hands together.
“May I take five minutes to collect what belongs to me?”
Forland’s evil smirk instantly vanished. He marched up to Jessica and grabbed her arm. “What things?”
“Seeing how I’m wet through and you ripped open the shirt I’m wearing; a change of clothes. I have three pounds in the top drawer of the side table next to my bed. Do I have your permission to take the money?”
“I’ll give you one minute. Be warned, if you take a second longer or anything other than what you have asked for, I will pay someone to dig two graves.”
Jessica’s bare feet hardly made a noise as she sprinted across the room. She ran up the stairs to the second level, her heart pounding against her rib cage. After entering her large bedroom, she turned in quick circles. Panic wanted to take over her thoughts. Her precious seconds were fast running out. Jessica had to find anything she could use as a weapon and grab some clothes.
Forland frowned at one of his lynch men. “Get after the woman. In exactly one minute drag her outside. Use any means possible. If you have to shoot her, so be it.”
When it came to collecting his winnings, Jessica guessed Forland wasn’t a tolerant man. His ruthless character haunted her brain. Hearing footsteps trudging up the stairs, she froze. In seconds, the man will be in her bedroom, gloating.
Jessica yanked open the small French style cupboard situated next to the bedroom door. She spied a small white stringed bag. Reaching in, she swiped it from off the bottom shelf. Not thinking of fashion, she stuffed a few things to the bottom of the bag. Next, she sprinted to the French dresser against the wall directly under the open window. Hesitating, her eyes bulged. Her jaw fell open. Jessica wanted to scream at the top of her lungs. If she could get her hands on a gun, she’d shoot Forland dead.
“Gun,” she whispered.
Jessica sprinted back to the cupboard and snatched up the solid silver Colt .45’s, the gun belt and the solid silver buckle her uncle gave her on her fourteenth birthday. The same ones Forland wanted. She checked both guns for bullets. The chambers were empty.
“Charles must have placed the bullets downstairs in the locked gun’s cupboard for safety. Damn it,” she grumbled.
The guns and gun belt joined her clothes in the string bag. To disguise the theft, she used her clothes to cover the weapons. In a race against time, she searched for anything else she may need.
The blue diamond ring and the silver key to the cupboard were on top of the three-pound notes at the bottom of the gold edged bowl on a side table next to the solid brass bedhead. Jessica snatched up the ring and the money, burying them in the bag. Swiping out the key she held it tight in her left hand.
“What’s taking you so long?” growled a deep voice.
Jessica spun around, facing the man taking up the doorway. “I have to change my clothes. There is no way I’m leaving this house dressed in my husband’s ripped shirt.”
The man pushed the door fully open. “Get started.”
“Turn around. I’m not changing my clothes in front of you,” complained Jessica, dropping the string bag on the lace covered bed.
The man eyeballed Jessica through narrowed slits. He appeared eager at watching the show. “No. Hurry up and change or stay wet.”
Jessica frowned at the man watching her drag the wet shirt off her shoulders. “If you take one step closer, I’ll kill you.” Jessica swiped a nail file from off the side dresser, poking it at the man’s face.
He returned the favor by flashing his Colt .45. His threadbare leather gun holster proved the man had used the weapon many times.
Jessica swallowed her embarrassment. She threw her wet shirt at the man and finished dressing in trousers and riding boots. The man grabbed her by the hair when she started buttoning up the white shirt. Jessica only just managed to snatch the white stringed bag from off the bed before the man dragged her downstairs. The man forced her to stand at attention directly in front of Forland. He eyed her suspiciously, his gaze stopping at the string bag Jessica held in her right hand.
“What about my horse?” she asked desperately trying to avert his attention away from the contents of the bag.
Forland glared directly at Jessica. His three-second pause caused her to tremble.
“Put the corpse on a saddled horse. We’ll watch the girl lead the beast away. The act will prove to the widow I am a man of my word.”
Jessica walked towards the front door. Debris from once-precious items crunched underneath her riding boots.
Forland clicked his fingers. “Mrs. Hayes, before you leave, I’d like to have a moment.”
Jessica turned on her toes and faced the man. Her facial expression showed no emotion.
“Where’s the key?”
Jessica tossed Forland the silver key. He caught it in mid-flight.
“If the blue diamond ring and the solid silver guns aren’t in the bank safe, I’ll see to it you are hunted down.”
Jessica didn’t take her stare off Forland as she back stepped out of the house. Two of the intruders finished wrapping Jessica’s dead husband in the thick rug and placed him on the back of a horse. Jessica grabbed hold of the reins. Walking away from her home, Jessica pulled the horse along behind her.
The five men watched Jessica lead the horse up the small hill towards the cemetery. They watched until the darkness swallowed her image.
“Do you think she’s on the level?” asked one of the men. He glanced sideways at Forland.
“She knows the consequences if she lied. Search the house for money. In the morning, we’ll visit the bank.”
Jessica stopped at the closed cast iron cemetery gates. Looking over her shoulder, she saw deep grooves embedded in the narrow dirt road. She knew wooden carts carrying dead bodies to the cemetery had made the tracks. The bend in the road obscured the town and her home. Long grass grew on the land which stretched beyond the few dozen headstones. She lifted the unlocked lever, pushed the gate open and started searching for a quiet corner. She didn’t appreciate the cemetery at the best of times. Eleven o’clock on a moonless night: the place looked haunted. For a long time, she stood at the gate searching the ground hoping not to see a ghost. To her left, she spied a small shed. Several times in as many minutes Jessica thought she could see a pair of eyes watching her every move from the glass window on the side facing the tombstones.
“Don’t be stupid,” she told herself. “There’s nothing out here except maybe a fox or a rabbit.” She gulped, looking around. “Hopefully a big red kangaroo isn’t in Cooee of us either. A six-foot-tall red kangaroo will be impossible to fight. Lately several have been spotted close to a few small miner’s tents.”
Jessica managed to whistle up a hymn she learnt from the local church choir, walking towards the tiny shed. Looking through the small window, she spied a long-handle shovel. Jessica twisted the doorknob. It was then she noticed the padlock. She sidestepped back to the window. After breaking the glass with a rock, she climbed through the gap, grabbed the old worn-out shovel and returned to her horse.
Jessica looked to her left. A light warm breeze teased the ends of her drying hair.
“Old friend, let’s walk to the rear of the cemetery.” Jessica took hold of the reins, signaling for the horse to make a move.
They followed an old sheep track that ended up at the rear corner, downhill from the shed. The land appeared to be the most desolate part of the cemetery. It was where the peasants were buried.
“This ought to be fun,” Jessica muttered.
With a hard downward thrust, Jessica pushed the shovel into the hardened clay. The blade struck a rock causing a spark to pierce the darkness. The shovel bounced out of Jessica’s hands. Un-deterred, she struggled time and again to push the metal blade into the compacted dirt. At a depth of three inches, she stopped for a break.
“This ground feels mostly rock,” she complained to the horse.
Her four-legged companion didn’t respond. It looked more content in eating the green grass.
Jessica groaned after calculating the number of hours needed to dig the hole to a depth of six feet. Her peripheral vision picked out movement near the small shed. She watched the dark figure coming closer. A feeling of dread swept Jessica’s mind. A young female alone in the rear corner of the cemetery might be too much for anyone. She didn’t have to study the area to know there was nowhere to hide. Jessica squared herself to the man. She slowly raised the shovel to shoulder height. The palms of her hands were sweating from gripping the long handle tight.
“Come no closer,” warned Jessica.
The figure made no reply.
Jessica could feel her knees trembling. To mask the fear surging through her veins a stone-cold expression replaced the terrified look. She knew when she spoke again her voice must sound confident, convincing.
“What is it you want?”
The figure stopped walking. The gap between them measured no wider than twenty feet. In the dim light, Jessica could tell the figure belonged to a tall man. The hat he wore concealed his eyes.
“I’m not too thrilled at discovering a woman digging a grave at this late hour.”
The man’s deep voice didn’t sound friendly. Jessica sighed, happy, the voice didn’t belong to Forland or one of his men.
“Stay where you are or feel the end of my shovel against your skull.”
The tall man wore a black suit and matching colored hat. He stepped closer, disobeying Jessica’s warning.
“What do you want?” asked Jessica; for the second time.
“I have been observing your struggles. I am here to offer you my assistance in digging the grave.”
“Thanks for the offer. I have no money to pay for your help.”
“Let me educate your mind on the world. A woman, especially a young pretty girl, can get anything she wants from a man if the price is right.”
“I’m no whore!” snarled Jessica.
“I’m certain you are not. Allow me to introduce myself. I’m the gravedigger. At night, I guard the graves of the dead.”
“Gravedigger isn’t a name.”
“You have no need to know the name my father gave me an hour after my birth. Miss?”
“If it’s the way you want it, I’m not revealing my name either.”
The man sighed. “I want adequate compensation for the broken window. There’s a storm on the horizon.”
“I’ve already explained I have no money.”
The gravedigger stepped a little closer, hovering over Jessica. “There are other ways to pay for one’s transgressions. Before you throw the shovel at me, I have been searching for a rug. The one, the body, has been wrapped in will help my office to look first-class.”
Jessica eyeballed the gravedigger. “I’ll give you the rug and a pound note for the broken window if you take my dead husband off my horse, placing him at the edge of the grave.”
“I thought you told me you have no money?”
“After I give you my pound note, my pockets will be empty,” Jessica lied.
The gravedigger pondered the deal for a short time. He adjusted his hat, glaring at Jessica. “I am, available to help dig the hole.”
“I’ve already explained to you the asking price is too high.”
“Is it?”
“Yes.”
“If it’s your best offer, I accept the deal.”
The gravedigger stepped up to the horse. Casually he slung the body over his shoulder. Without stumbling the gravedigger stepped over to the shallow hole and gently placed the corpse still wrapped in the rug on the ground. He straightened his coat, facing Jessica. His voice reeked of confidence.
“If at any point you want my help, I’ll be in my office. The small square building has a broken window.”
The gravedigger tipped his hat, mumbling good luck.
Jessica leaned on the shovel handle and watched the man walk down the hill towards the small wooden shed he called an office.
“I’m no one’s whore,” she yelled.
Shaking her head, she resumed her digging.
Jessica made little progress over the next hour. She didn’t realize the gravedigger had returned. For over two minutes he watched her struggles. On a sigh the man tossed a pick near the hole. Jessica jumped at the sudden noise. She whirled around ready to swing the shovel.
“If you don’t want my help, the least I can do is allow you to borrow a pick. After all, you offered a full one-pound note for the broken window. The pick is the change I owe you.”
“Thank you.” Jessica grabbed hold of the pick handle, raising her eyebrows at the weight. “This will do nicely.”
“The pick is a boomerang. You, do, understand the meaning?”
“Of course, I do. It’s an Australian saying. I can use the pick. When I leave this cemetery, I must return it to the shed.”
“Almost letter perfect,” announced the gravedigger. “I know how exhausted you’ll be after burying your husband so leave the pick on the ground.”
“Again, I thank you.”
“Have you changed your mind about my proposal?”
“I’m fine.”
The man squatted at the edge of the hole, viewing the depth of the dig. “You do realize a few minutes of pleasure, the blisters which are forming on your hands will subside quickly. Blisters on a pretty girl’s hands spoil her appearance.”
Jessica stared the man down.
The gravedigger raised his hands into the air. “I won’t bother you again. Leave the money and the pick on the rug.”
The man walked off mumbling more than thirty incoherent words.
For over two hours Jessica used the pick and the shovel. Blisters quickly formed and burst on both her hands. She welcomed the pain. It helped her get through the almost impossible task.
In the middle of a well-deserved break, Jessica examined her short marriage. She eventually convinced herself the love she felt for her dead husband must have been nothing more than a fake emotion. He only loved money and the power he could buy.
What Jessica’s husband did, ate at her spirit; playing tricks on her mind, making her see black shapes moving from one tombstone to the next. The wind blowing across the land seemed to laugh at her misfortune. Inaudible noises and the gravedigger’s words filled Jessica’s ears, haunting her mind. She started to wonder if the gravedigger’s return made the noise after changing his mind about the agreed amount. Did he want more than the pound note and the rug? For a long time, Jessica searched the surrounds. Seeing nothing, she eventually went back to her digging.
By the time, Jessica reached the six-foot mark, every muscle in her body ached. She used the long-handle shovel for a ladder to climb out of the grave.
Light footsteps came slowly, quietly. Jessica sensed unseen eyes were again observing her. She looked at the nearby tombstones seeking out the intruder. She shuddered at the thought of an unprovoked attack. Could this be a nightmare or was she slowly going insane?
Jessica again held the long-handle shovel in a death grip. She squatted behind the closest tombstone waiting for the intruder to come closer. Thinking along the line the person might be Forland coming to steal her ring, a murderous expression swept her face. If her thought happened to be correct, he would join her husband at the bottom of the hole.
Jessica prepared to pounce. She planned to swing the shovel at waist height.
The intruder stepped from behind the adjacent tombstone. Jessica’s jaw fell open. She dropped the shovel.
“What are you doing here, prowling around?”
The alleged gravedigger’s tortoise colored cat purred loudly. It ran up and rubbed its head against Jessica’s leg. She patted the cat then pushed it away.
Jessica sat leaning against the tombstone near the hole. She closed her eyes for only a short time.
The gravedigger’s voice woke her. She’d been caught napping. Right where she sat, Jessica silently vowed it’ll never happen again. She raised her fists, preparing to fight.
The man stepped up to the freshly dug grave. “I apologize for waking you. I came early to see how you were travelling. By the looks of things, you’ve done a good job.”
“Save your gratitude. I don’t want it.”
The man stooped, gathered up the rug and pick then held out his hand for the money. Jessica dropped the pound note on the palm of his hand and quickly backed away. The gravedigger dipped his hat. He walked off, leaving Jessica to complete her burial.
Jessica rolled her husband’s body into the grave. It landed face up. She snatched up the shovel. With a strong thrust, she pushed the metal blade into the soft mound of clay. Jessica stood at the edge of the hole, staring down at her dead husband for the last time. She spat on his bloodied suit and commenced to fill in the hole. When the time came to cover his face, Jessica tilted the shovel and looked away. The dirt made a dull thud when it came to a stop. In record time, Jessica finished up and dropped the long-handle shovel on top of the dirt. For a long moment, she contemplated saying something religious. She couldn’t think up anything appropriate to say.
Jessica turned and walked away.



CHAPTER TWO



THE TALL, slender, soft-featured, blue-eyed woman, known as Jessica Hayes, sat looking out of the train’s window. In the small drawer left of the center of the overhead luggage compartment, she placed the two fully loaded solid silver guns and the gun belt. She stored everything else she owned in the luggage rack; two dresses and a hat. The only other valuable item she carried happened to be the blue diamond ring on her finger. Thanks to Forland she knew the value of the rare blue diamond ring.
The screeching of the steam train’s brakes brought Jessica out of her daydream. When the train stopped, stifling heat poured in through the open window. The door to Jessica’s private booth slid open. A smiling young man in his late teens looked in.
“Sorry for the inconvenience Mrs. Hayes the train has stopped to take on water. It entered my mind you might want to stretch your legs. I’ll be more than happy to escort you off the train. I will also see to your safety throughout this slight delay.”
“Thank you, Mr. Kepler; I’ll take you up on that offer. Your expertise on manners is outstanding. However, I want to correct one important fact. Somehow you have been misinformed over my name. I am Miss Jessica Hayes.”
“I’ll certainly remember that fact,” said the young man. His pupils danced at discovering Jessica didn’t have a husband. He pushed his way through the narrow doorway and rudely invited himself to sit shoulder to shoulder next to Jessica. “How good is this private compartment?”
“Very, though I am wondering how I managed to score it seeing how I only paid for a seat at the rear of the train?”
“Minutes before our departure, I learned this particular booth was still vacant. I took it upon myself to upgrade you from one of the worst seats on the train. A pretty woman like yourself shouldn’t have to put up with soot or smoke blowing in through the open window from the engine.”
“Tell me something, how close are we to Bendigo?”
“We’re only two hours out. All going well, we’ll arrive in the center of town at exactly 4:00pm,” answered Kepler. “Miss Jessica, I’ll be gone for no longer than a few minutes. I want to make sure the corridor to the closest exit is free of commuters. It’s part of my personal service.”
Jessica only had to wait a full minute until he returned, blocking the doorway. Kepler, bowing slightly, handed over a full glass of water. With a half-hearted smile, Jessica took the glass and held it in in her left hand. She drank three-quarters of the water and handed the glass back. Kepler then escorted Jessica into the corridor and towards the closest exit.
Jessica felt surprised the handsome young man did everything he could think of to see to her comforts even though he thought she might be a married woman. She certainly didn’t want another man in her life. She only wanted to get back to her sheep station, ‘the Rosedale.’
A one-hour horse ride West of Bendigo and she would be at the rear corner post belonging to the Rosedale.
When Jessica reached the train’s exit door, she shaded her eyes from the glare of the sun with her hand. She deduced the sun seemed extra hot for the time of year. She looked skywards, counting, on one hand, the number of clouds in the pale blue sky. Three birds brave enough to fly in the heat flew past the clearing on their quest for water.
After stepping from the train, Jessica watched with great interest, the hive of activity. The engineer and the fireman were busy at the task of taking on water for the remainder of the trip while several dozen commuters were about to venture into the scrub for a look see.
Jessica swatted her hand at the countless number of flies buzzing around her face wanting to taste her sweat. She chuckled at her antics, wondering why she still couldn’t adapt to the flies even after growing up in Melbourne. Her parents migrated to Australia from England of their own free will. Jessica had been conceived on the ship the same day her parents viewed the sunset on the evening of their seventh day. Her aunt and uncle were on the same ship. They agreed to take on the role of Jessica’s guardians after the death of her parents.
One rainy day they sat Jessica down and told her interesting information.
‘Before leaving England, her uncle had secured a blacksmith’s job. Jessica didn’t know her natural mother; she died two weeks after giving birth. Her natural father soon followed from a broken heart. Her aunt and uncle automatically inherited the house. Her father had been an extremely successful banker. They lived in a large four-room house not far the center of Melbourne. Unlike most other houses in the neighborhood with their weatherboard walls, where Jessica lived, solid red bricks were used for the external cladding. The outhouse, also made of bricks featured a long drop which helped the small room to be stink proof. Even the flies couldn’t smell the feces at the bottom of the hole.’
One day when her guardians went into town, Jessica measured the depth of the ten-inch round hole using a small rock tied to a ball of string just to curb her curiosity. The depth of the hole measured forty feet. Compared to other outhouses in the street, theirs always smelt of a rose bush full of perfume scented flowers. Her uncle continuously saw a brood of women gossiping about how rich he must have been.
Jessica’s aunt and uncle were never mean; however, they did expect Jessica to earn her keep. For some reason, they never wanted children of their own, but they spoiled Jessica rotten. By the time she turned ten, they moved away from the city to the mountains where she learned to shoot a rifle. One balmy morning at the ripe old age of fourteen, her uncle sat Jessica down and showed her the sought-after solid silver colt 45’s. He promised on her eighteenth birthday she would inherit the guns. In less than a minute, the guns were re-wrapped in a strip of blanket and placed back in the gun cabinet. Her uncle winked and locked the door. He then told the full yarn about how he obtained the guns.
‘The gun’s silver belt buckle matched the handcrafted silver guns. A horse with a long mane rearing up on its hind legs on either side of the word ‘COLT’ had been engraved using gold. An old man at the end of his days gave Jessica’s uncle the guns to say thanks for stopping to render assistance from a bite he received from a Tiger snake. In his last few minutes before he met his maker, the old man explained the story of the guns.
To purchase the handcrafted guns, the old man had ridden across the Australian desert. He relayed a stern warning. Many people knew of the gun’s existence. They were wanted items, particularly by bushrangers. If the guns were found, they’d fetch a high price.’
Eventually, bushrangers came looking for the guns. Jessica’s uncle refused to divulge their location. The men murdered her aunt and shot her uncle. After shooting his last bullet, Jessica’s uncle leaned back against a tree. Blood poured from the hole in his chest. Jessica’s uncle thrust the silver colt .45’s and the gun belt at her. He placed his bloody hand on her shoulder and told her to run. Never look back.
Carrying the gun belt in both hands, Jessica escaped the clutches of the bushrangers by scurrying deep into the tinder dry scrub. She could hear them yelling, torturing her uncle hoping he’d give up the secret to the where-a-bouts of the guns. He never did. He took the secret to his grave. To Jessica, her uncle will always be a hero.
Frustrated beyond belief, the bushrangers burnt the homestead which overlooked the sea to the ground.
Jessica ran sobbing further into the bush. She stopped only when she tripped over a thin dead tree half buried in the dirt. She hid there for hours planning what to do. She’d go back to school to accomplish her uncle’s wishes then return to the Rosedale sheep station she inadvertently inherited. The land was hers to do what she wanted. Sell or keep it. Jessica was only six the last time she’d seen the place. The Rosedale boasted a total of one thousand sheep. A man named Lightening Dawn helped to run the ranch.
On that horrible day, alone in the middle of the Australian bush, she made a solemn vow the guns were going to stay in her possession and handed down through generations. The act was the least she could do for her uncle who gave her everything he owned.



CHAPTER THREE



THE SOUND of galloping horses, the unmistakable crack of gunfire came from the tinder dry Australian bush. Jessica sat on a dead tree trunk in the shade, content in watching a mob of small grey kangaroos. They hopped deeper into the bush to get away from the noise. A koala bear woken from its sleep slowly climbed higher in the gumtree. A four-foot brown snake slithered away, entering a dead hollow tree at the edge of the scrub, vanishing from sight. It was then Jessica decided to return to the safety of the train.
A tall man boasting a ten-day-old beard full of dust forced his grey mare to thunder out of the scrub. Two other men also on horseback were following. Each of the three men displayed the same serious expression.
“Everyone, climb down from the train. Bring what you own. If you fail to heed my warning you will be shot,” yelled the dusty bearded rider.
The man’s deep voice and actions made him out to be evil to the bone. If anyone tried to resist, his life more than likely could be in serious jeopardy.
Three bullets fired into the air easily planted fear in each of the train’s commuters. The idea worked to perfection.
The remaining commuters who were still sitting in the train scrambled towards the closest door. When their feet touched the ground, they were ushered to the middle of the third carriage and ordered to push their back against the metal side.
The train driver and his assistant jumped from the roof of the locomotive. They dived into the windowless cabin for their gun.
The second rider galloped his horse to the front of the train. Jessica heard two shots in rapid succession over the constant hissing of steam erupting out of the train engine’s funnel. She felt certain both the engineer and the fireman were dead.
The first rider patrolled the train’s entire length. He glared at Jessica each time he returned. The wide brimmed hat he wore kept his murderous eyes in the shade. Just for fun, he fired three more bullets into the air. The noise made most of the women jump. They took to cowering behind the men. Somewhere out of sight, a baby cried. The second uninvited rider belonging to the clan boarded the train. Directly in front of Jessica, the first bushranger sat on his horse slowly moving his gun back and forth. Every few seconds he’d point it at the face of a woman. After the third sweep of his gun, the man focused his attention on Jessica. He seemed mesmerized by her blue eyes and blonde hair. To him, she smelt rich, accustomed to the good life. Smacking his lips together he dismounted and walked over, pointing his gun directly under her nose. His unsolicited smirk failed to put Jessica on edge. She stared at him using a cold steel glare. He winked and looked at the other commuters. His deep dry husky growl belonged to a disconcerted man.
“My heartfelt thank you goes out to each one of you, nice people for listening,” growled the man boasting the dusty beard. “I certainly don’t want the children to see any one of you shot.”
Spying the large dead tree lying on its side thirty feet from the train, Jessica proceeded to march across the cleared land.
“Where do you think you’re going?” growled Dusty Beard.
“It’s hot. The hollow tree trunk is in the shade,” hissed Jessica halfway to the tree.
Dusty Beard looked taken-a-back, watching her settle into a nook at one end of the large hollow tree. Ivan Kepler, the young lad who did everything to butter Jessica up using his charm and good manners, walked over and sat next to her. The bushranger scrutinized his lack of discipline. The moment he switched his attention back to the commuters, Kepler raised a cupped hand to his mouth, whispering in Jessica’s ear.
“There’s a brown snake in the dead hollow tree we are sitting on.”
“I know. I’m hoping to use it. One bite will see one of the bushrangers dead.”
“Good plan if you are brave enough to retrieve the reptile from the tree trunk.”
Jessica looked sideways at the lad. “You’re not scared of a snake?”
“No,” he stammered. “I’m thinking more along the lines of wait and see what happens. I’m sure the bushrangers will leave quickly after they have robbed us.”
“Your words are of little comfort. I want to keep what I own.”
“Which brings me to what I came over to talk to you about; I took the liberty in moving the magnificent silver colt .45’s you own to a far more effective hiding place than in the small drawer left of center in the overhead luggage compartment. I’d hate for the bushrangers to find the items.”
“I thought where I placed them would have been the perfect hiding place.”
“In normal circumstances, yes. To the untrained eye, the small door is almost invisible. In my opinion, these bushrangers have done this sort of thing plenty of times in the past. It will be the first place they’d look.”
“Where did you hide them?” asked Jessica, sounding doubtful.
“Trust me; you can rest easy. Where you were sitting, behind your feet there was a small door in the kickboard. It is used for a maintenance drawer. It’s full of railway spikes. I wrapped the guns in your clothes and put the lot in there. I’m positive the bushrangers won’t find the guns.”
“Thank you for your thoughtfulness. Let’s hope you are correct.”
“Me too,” Kepler whispered, his Adam’s apple bobbing sharply.
“You don’t sound too confident.”
“If by some chance they do discover your guns, here, take this one,” he suggested handing her a long-barreled pistol.
Jessica gave it a once over and shook her head.
Grabbing the weapon back Kepler quickly placed it behind her. “Surely, I don’t have to spell out what I’m thinking?”
“I take it you haven’t thought your plan through properly?”
“What do you mean? If those men find your guns, shooting the bushrangers will be your only option.”
“You do realize your plan has plenty of holes in it?”
Kepler leaned closer to Jessica’s ear. “What could go wrong? Aim the gun at the bushrangers and pull the trigger. It’s easy.”
“You expect me to use a dueling pistol?”
“Yes. I can’t see any problem,” said Kepler.
“The gun has only one bullet. There are three bushrangers.”
For his mistake, Kepler looked a little sheepish and quickly apologized.
“Accepted.” By confessing her marital status to Kepler, the lad might be hoping to use the robbery to his advantage to get to know her on a more personal level. From the time they left Melbourne, he hadn’t allowed her even a single moment of rest.
“Maybe I could buy you a drink when we arrive in Bendigo? I feel it is my railroad duty, to see to your comfort,” whispered Kepler.
“No thanks. I have a pressing engagement.”
Kepler gazed at Jessica through sad hazel eyes. She had witnessed the look too many times from men more persuasive than Ivan Kepler. Many tried and failed to sneak into her married life and too often into her bed.
“I hope I didn’t come on too strong. I haven’t met many nice girls in my lifetime. Come to think of it none ever gave me the time of day,” admitted Kepler.
His grin started to soften his looks further. The expression showed off his gentle, soft, caring nature. In another time and in a different set of circumstances, Jessica might have encouraged his advances.
“Thank you for the compliment. However, I’ve already stated there is a rather important errand I must complete.”
One of the bushrangers dismounted his horse directly in front of Jessica. Kepler quickly fell silent. The rider didn’t wait for the dust to settle before yelling.
“What’s the talk?”
The man’s strong Australian accent and colorful slang made him hard to understand.
“Nothing important,” Jessica mocked, lightly.
The man kept up his agitated stare. Soon after Jessica faked a grin, he looked away and focused his attention on the robbery. Eventually, he again bore his cold hateful stare into Jessica and Kepler.
“Line up next to the others. I want to see both of you push your back against the side of the train. If you move, not only will you be shot, your boyfriend’s blood will be splattered all over the side of the carriage,” growled the bushranger.
“I’m not her boyfriend,” whimpered Kepler.
For his outburst, the lad received a clip behind his left ear.
“Girl, take some advice from a man, find someone who is brave enough to stand up to anyone who threatens your life; someone other than the little weasel you call a boyfriend.”
Although Jessica didn’t want to, she voluntarily cradled Kepler in her arms waiting for his pain to subside.
The man whipped up a cynical laugh. “If the kid ain’t your boyfriend, you sure are putting on a lousy act. Did you have a lover’s quarrel before the train stopped for water?”
Jessica coiled her fingers into tight fists. She was ready to take a swipe at the man’s nose. “Why don’t you go back to the swamp you slithered out from.”
“Get over to the train.”
Jessica’s face turned red, not from embarrassment, from frustration at not being able to do anything constructive to put a stop to the three-bushranger’s aggressive, thieving ways. She looked along the entire length of the train wondering why the men weren’t brave enough to stand up against the obnoxious criminals.
“I won’t tell you again. Get over to the train.”
The bushranger stepped behind Jessica, giving her a shove in the shoulder blade. Kepler received the same treatment as he slowly walked towards the carriage.
With their hat off their head and upturned, two of the three bushrangers ambled along the line of scared commuters. Money and jewelry were thrown into their hat while the third bushranger busied himself ransacking the bags that remained on the train. Guns, ammunition, money and more jewelry were found and dropped into a large white calico bag. The man heaved the booty over his shoulder, stepped down from the train and made his way back to his mates, only to disappear into the first carriage to resume his looting.
The man Jessica nicknamed Dusty Beard stood directly in front of her. “Place your valuables in the hat.”
Jessica folded her arms blatantly defying the man’s orders.
“Barry, get over here, I’m looking at a stubborn woman.”
Another bushranger resembling Dusty Beard’s brother marched over. “Place your valuables in the hat.”
“I’m not handing over my possessions to you or anyone else.”
The man stepped up to Jessica. She scrunched her nose noting his last bath, at a guess, could have been at least two weeks ago, or longer. She spat at the man’s face. For the act, she received a hard slap across the cheek.
“Strong man, hitting a woman; is it the best you can do?”
The man sidestepped to Kepler, pointing his gun at the lad’s heart. Jessica watched the man closely. The sparkle in his eyes showed he enjoyed every second of the power play. As for Kepler, fear swept away all thoughts from his mind forcing his body to tremble uncontrollably.
“You don’t have the nerve to shoot an innocent lad who is unarmed and of no threat to you,” growled Jessica.
“Don’t test my patience girlie,” he spat.
For her resistance, Kepler received a tight-fisted punch to the jaw. The lad crumpled to the ground. In a desperate move to ward off any more punishment, he rolled under the train. Out of reach, he coiled into a tight ball and sobbed. Dusty Beard returned his attention to Jessica. He poked her in the stomach using the barrel of his revolver. The laugh he created sounded nothing more than a hideous gargle of noise.
“Girl, I could shoot you where you stand. You have witnessed a small portion of my character. By the look of you, I’d say you’re not a stupid female. Believe me, when I tell you I don’t care about a human life. The only thing I want is money, guns, and ammunition.” He clicked his fingers. “Where are your bags?”
“I have none.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“I don’t care if you believe me or not.”
“Explain to me why you’re the only woman not wearing a dress?”
“My attire is my personal business. I don’t have to justify my actions to you or anyone.”
The bushranger lifted his hand to swipe Jessica’s sarcastic smirk from her face when he stopped in midair. The bushranger ransacking the first carriage leaned out of the train’s window dangling a gun belt. “Dan, get a look at what I’ve found.”
Dusty Beard slowly lowered his hand. Jessica watched his gaze zeroing in on the large silver buckle in the middle of the gun belt. The longer he stared, the faster his pupils pulsated. His lips quivered when he read the single word; ‘COLT’ out loud. The four-letter word was hand etched in gold lettering on the rectangular shaped solid silver buckle. On either side of the word a horse with a long mane, rearing up on its back legs had also been etched in gold. He knew instantly the buckle was unique; one of its kind. For years the rumor of its existence had been rampant throughout the state of Victoria. No one he questioned knew of its exact where-a-bouts. Only a few admitted they had ever seen it.
“Girl, does this belong to you?” Dusty Beard growled. He thrust the belt under Jessica’s nose.
She remained stone-faced.
“Don’t make me ask a second time.”
Jessica replied in a calm innocent voice. “I’ve never seen the object in my life.”
“You girl, are a liar. If you think for one minute, I will ever believe a single word you speak you are sadly mistaken. If you don’t tell me truthfully, I might shoot someone.” He glanced at Kepler.
“Dusty Beard, or should I call you Dan? I don’t repeat the same answer,” taunted Jessica.
“Hand over the silver Colt .45’s, or you’ll have an extra bullet size hole in your nice new white shirt. Your boyfriend will follow you seconds later. I’ll leave his and your body to be eaten by the foxes.”
Dan aimed his gun at Kepler. Jessica moved to grab hold of it. Dan gave her another backhand across the cheek. For a few seconds, she appeared dazed.
“Thank you for revealing what I’ve been searching for is here.”
“Dan, have I got something else for you!” yelled the third bushranger. He pushed the objects through the open carriage window, waiting to see the excitement on his brother’s face. “Our search is over. We’ve found them.”
Dusty Beard sprinted over to the window. Grabbing hold of the guns, he studied them in great detail, twisting the weapons lovingly over and over in his hands. At any moment, Jessica thought he’d kiss them. She watched him staring at the bullet chambers. He then unloaded the guns and carefully replaced each bullet. Oblivious to the number of commuters, Dan sat on the train’s step studying the gold engravings on both of the hand grips, comparing every square inch of the solid silver guns.
Eventually, Dan raised the guns into the air. “They’re both mine,” he yelled. “My brother has located the two pieces of engineering magnificence. He has found the missing silver Colt .45’s. At last, I have found the twin guns.” He kissed and stroked both weapons then slid them carefully home in their respective holsters. He dropped his gun belt and clipped Jessica’s around his waist. “People, this is a grand day. Seeing how I’m in a happy mood, I have decided to let you live.”
The only outward hint Jessica displayed from the robbery was the ends of her lips were curled slightly upwards. In seconds, her smirk vanished. A cold marble expression covered her soft feminine looks. Her eyes darkened. The bushranger’s antics didn’t amuse her. Jessica exhaled her frustration. Every mannerism, every twitch; every gesture the bushrangers accidently made, she forced her mind to memorize.
Dan glared at Jessica through murderous eyes. “Do you know a Bobbi Forland?”
“I have never heard of the name.”
Dan shoved his fist under Jessica’s nose. “By my reckoning, you’re the woman I’ve been ordered to find.”
“This Forland bloke has not only been telling you a lot of lies, he has also sucked you in, making you look worse than a fool,” taunted Jessica.
“You’re too clever for your own good. I’m correct, aren’t I? Where’s the blue diamond?”
“I have no idea what you are talking about.”
“Your father told me the same words before he died when I asked him nicely where he had hidden the solid silver colt .45’s.”
“He wasn’t my father.”
“So, I do have the correct girl. Let me explain what actually happened all those years ago. The man who owned the guns, the one I murdered happened to be your uncle. I’ll ask you again. Where’s the blue diamond ring Forland wants? Think carefully of your answer. Understand what I’m about to tell you. I’ve been hired by Forland to find the blue diamond. We made an easy deal. Give him the diamond ring; I get to keep the colt 45’s. He said if I come across a woman going by the name of Jessica, I have his permission to do what I like. He informed me this Jessica woman has the guns and the diamond in her possession. I believe the woman I’ve been searching for is you.”
“You have the wrong woman. I don’t like being a bearer of bad news; I don’t own a blue diamond ring.”
“Do you expect me to believe what you say?”
“Yes, a blue diamond is too hard to come by,” stated Jessica looking somewhat smug.
“What makes you so sure? What woman doesn’t love to wear a diamond ring? Show me your hands.”
Jessica pushed her hands further behind her, trying to stare the man down. Dan stepped forward.
“Have you ever heard the term, ‘Chinese whispers?’” asked Jessica.
“No, what does the double talk mean?”
“Don’t believe everything you hear.”
Dan’s face took on the dark shadow of a murderer who could never be remorseful for any evil act he accomplished. The man’s stare bore into Jessica. He nodded at his brother who marched up to her. In one massive show of strength, he wrapped his arms around her torso. Slowly he squeezed the air out of her lungs. The color in Jessica’s face changed from a nice shade of white to bright red. At first, she tried to kick the man in the shins in an attempt to escape. In reality, Jessica knew she couldn’t match his strength. If he didn’t loosen his grip, soon, she’d suffocate. In the dying seconds of her life, she hoped her last trick worked.
She played dead in the bushranger’s arms.
Dan stepped up to her, yanking her hands to the front. Through bulging eyes, his jaw dropped open at the size and the deep blue color of the diamond. Twisting the ring from Jessica’s finger, his hands trembled. When he took possession of his prize he lashed out, giving Jessica a swift backhand. Released from the vice like grip she drifted down to the dust. Watching him through blurred vision, Jessica saw him lift the ring towards the sun and study the trophy in great detail.
“Eureka! the blue diamond is now mine. This beauty has to be at least five carats.”
Jessica managed to claw her way to a standing position. She swayed a little from the after effects of the tourniquet hold. She waited for the exact moment where her delivery would be of the greatest impact. Her chance came when Dan lowered his right shoulder a few inches. Jessica immediately reacted, lashing out using a swift kick to his head. Dan watched his hat float to the dusty ground. He squatted and dusted his hat. He straightened, glaring at his attacker. He stepped forward, punching Jessica, cutting her bottom lip. Blood splattered his boot.
Using the back of her hand, Jessica wiped the blood from off her cut lip. “You will never live long enough to do it again,” she spat.
“Let me explain your future if you desire to keep resisting my commands.” Dusty Beard pointed his gun at her. He pulled the trigger. The bullet whizzed past her ear, embedding in the carriage wall. “The next bullet will be implanted in you.”
“Except for a minor detail we finally agree on something,” growled Jessica struggling to hear any noise from her left ear.
The bushranger pushed the ring deep into his pocket. “What’s the minor detail?”
“The next time we cross paths the first bullet out of the gun, I’m holding will kill you.”
The bushranger laughed hideously. Walking off, he mumbled in his beard.
Although the guns and the ring had been stolen, Jessica knew exactly where they were. She vowed, soon both her silver colt .45’s and her ring will be back where they belong; on either side of her hips and the ring will be on her finger. Already she started to plan how to rob the three bushrangers of their life.
Dan screamed at the other two. “Boys we’ve struck it rich today. Let’s ride.”
The trio rode off leaving a dust cloud in their wake. Jessica folded her arms, watching the dust cloud settle. Behind her, the women commuters were sobbing over the loss of their possessions. Each one felt helpless at being robbed at gunpoint by three bushrangers; everyone except Jessica.



CHAPTER FOUR



AFTER VIEWING the dead body of the train driver and his assistant, Jessica didn’t sit around waiting for rescue. She squared her shoulders and shook off the dying thoughts.
“Everyone, stay close to the train. When I reach Bendigo, I’ll raise the alarm.” Jessica started to walk off towards the front of the train.
“Where do you think you’re going? Those bushrangers might still be in the area. If they see any one of us alone and in the dark, I’m certain they will love to have a bit of target practice. Girlie, you could end up as their dessert,” growled a man wearing a business suit.
Ivan Kepler crawled out from under the train. Dusting himself down, he walked towards Jessica. He hid his cowardice by acting and sounding confident.
“I agree with the bloke. We must stay here. I’m positive the station master at Bendigo will be scooting off to the lawman when he realizes the train hasn’t arrived on time.”
Jessica looked directly at Kepler. “I hope they do come. I want to get back what belongs to me.”
“Forget your goods. Those men are long gone. So too are your guns and that magnificent looking ring. I bet you will never see either again.”
The wrinkles on the face of the old lady showed the amount of stress she felt. She sidestepped and sat on the steps of the red carriage next to a petite middle-aged woman.
Jessica walked back to the group. She folded her arms, hovering over the old lady.
“I wouldn’t be too quick to make a bet on your statement. In any case, I’m not waiting here. You can all stay if you want to. I’m leaving. Anyone or all of you is more than welcome to tag along.”
“Please reconsider what you are going to do?” pleaded Kepler.
“I’m more than capable of walking the few hours to Bendigo.”
Kepler placed his hand on Jessica’s shoulder. She rudely wiped it off.
“Please, the railway has rules.”
“I don’t care about the rules. Anyone who tries to stop me will see the ground close up,” Jessica warned.
“I’m hoping you’ll decide to stay. I thought we were getting along just fine,” hinted Kepler.
“I’m sorry to disappoint you. I have been trying to tell you there is ‘no, us’ this entire trip.”
“Please, I don’t want you to go.”
“I’ll be fine. If any rail official tries to blame you for anything, I’ll tell them I chose of my own free will to walk into town. It’s your job to stay here and look after the other passengers.”
Jessica waved goodbye to the disgruntled onlookers and started walking along the tracks. She felt more than confident of obtaining a horse within an hour of arriving in the town. To pass the time she began to finalize her precise moves. Already her imagination could picture the station master looking puzzled at the breaking news on the delayed arrival of the train. Sounding exhausted, she’d complain bitterly. The railroad employee will offer compensation for her hardship. He’d display a polite smile and give her enough money for a room at the local pub. Maybe even a free meal. Watched by the railroad man, she’d enter the establishment full of drunken males, ask for a room, sneak away, borrow a horse and ride to her sheep station.
Satisfied her plan didn’t have too many holes in it; Jessica reviewed the height of the sun. If she wanted to arrive in town before sunset, she must double her pace.
The hot sun dived quickly towards the West. The train shrunk rapidly. The train track appeared to stretch out in front of Jessica in two endless straight lines. Seeing a mirage of water pooled in the distance, Jessica kept focused on the illusion. For the last time, she looked over her shoulder. The train had vanished long ago. Taking note of her long shadow, Jessica noted the position of the sun again. The trees already half covered the ball of light.
When Jessica finally saw the train station the birds were frantically searching for the perfect branch to sleep on for the night. From a distance, the small ticket office looked rustic and abandoned. Jessica wiped more dust on her face.
A wiry built man was leaning against a long wooden pole which held up the train station’s narrow verandah roof. When he spotted Jessica, he started walking in large circles. When she got close enough, he stopped. He cupped a hand around his mouth and yelled for her to get off the tracks.
“Girlie are you stupid? The train is overdue. Get the hell off the tracks,” he called for the second time.
Three minutes after the man yelled, Jessica listened. From the end of the train station, she began her act. Placing her hands on her hips, she glared at the weed of a man.
“I don’t want to hear any of your excuses. If you want to buy a ticket, you will have to wait for tomorrow. The train departs for Melbourne at 9:30 in the morning.”
Jessica boldly walked up to the man. “Sir, I have some disturbing news. I was a passenger on your delayed train. When we stopped for water three bushrangers came out of nowhere. They shot dead the engineer. The fireman is also dead. There are a lot of people waiting to be rescued back at the train. I decided to walk here to raise the alarm.”
“You’re joking?” questioned the man.
“Does my appearance relay to you I might be joking?”
The man raised his eyebrows as he studied Jessica’s appearance. She could only imagine what he must have seen. Hair a mess, her white shirt dirty and her black leather boots scuffed badly from what she’d endured.
“Sir, I’m exhausted. Do you have any water?” Jessica wiped the sweat from her face smudging the dust across her brow.
“Yes, yes, of course, step this way. I’d just called it a night and got ready to go to the pub for a pre-dinner drink when I spotted you walking along the tracks. Until I heard your explanation, I felt quite angry. I couldn’t understand why anyone wanted to walk on rail tracks. I’ll have it noted I’ve never in all my years of working, have I ever seen such a thing.”
The man held the door open to the ticket office. Jessica stepped inside. She felt positive if three people managed to squeeze into the room it would be a miracle. A large glass jug of water and a metal cup was on a half round table in the corner opposite the door. The only other furniture in the room was a small safe under a narrow bench behind the glass window. Someone had thoughtfully placed a sharpened pencil under a clipboard full of blank papers on top of the safe.
Jessica glared at the man. Her disgusted look went straight over his head. She took the cup of water from the man’s hand, drinking it in one gulp. “I’m surprised you’re not alarmed over the lateness of the train!”
“I am concerned over its punctuality. It did enter my mind to drop past the lawman’s house to tell him of my doubts.”
“Now you know what happened to the train, how long until someone goes and helps the stranded commuters?”
“Sunup, if the train doesn’t arrive tonight,” answered the man.
“You want those innocent people to spend an entire night on a train stranded in the bush while hiding from bushrangers?”
“I’m not going out there at night,” whimpered the man straightening his peak cap. “I’m more than certain the lawman won’t either.”
“I can’t believe you’d discount the seriousness of what I have just told you.”
“Each person I have met lately has an opinion about something. I believe those people will be right. In the morning, I’ll personally retrieve the train.”
Jessica slammed the empty cup down next to the jug of water and marched towards the door. At the threshold to the outside, she turned and stared at the man. “She’ll be right just doesn’t cut it. I’ll find a horse, hitch it to a wagon full of food and water and ride back to the train myself,” she growled.
Jessica stepped outside, slamming the door shut. Her feet caused a series of small dust clouds as she marched away from the station. The man shuffled after her waving his arms wildly in the air.
“Stop, please stop.”
Jessica looked over her shoulder, thrusting her hands on to her hips. The man’s face turned Ashen. His lips were quivering.
“I’ll ride out to the train shortly. Is there anything I can do to make up for my lack of caring?”
Jessica grinned loosely at the man knowing how easily he swallowed her act. “Do you think you could give me a small amount of money for a meal? Maybe even a bed for the night. I’m dog tired from the walk.”
“I’m positive the local hotel up the street a ways will be more than obliging on your request.”
“Your idea sounds wonderful. There’s only one problem; the bushrangers robbed me of everything I own. All I have is what I’m wearing.”
“What if I reimbursed you three pennies for the train ride plus two more for your inconvenience?”
“If you make it twelve, I’ll be more than satisfied with our business arrangement.”
The wiry man’s troubled expression cast doubt on not only Jessica’s plans; he looked to be growing suspicious of the entire deal.
“I don’t think I can rig the books for that amount of money.”
“What of my long, exhaustive walk? Not forgetting everything I own is what you see.”
The man rubbed his chin, deep in thought. “I suppose I could write the explanation; I spent the money on severance pay due to the robbery. I could write a sub note after the fact stating you were going to sue the railroad for everything they own. I alone persuaded you into taking twelve pennies as compensation for your plight.”
Jessica slapped the man’s boney shoulder. “You’re a clever man. I knew you could think up something intelligent.”
“Now we have almost come to a settlement; I will agree to your terms only if you allow me to cook you a nice meal. A kangaroo leg is hanging in the meat locker at my place.”
“Thanks for the offer. Maybe when I’ve replaced my dirty clothes and freshened up, I’ll let you buy me a meal at the local pub.”
The man quickly responded to the newest part of the agreement and pushed out his hand. Jessica shook it to seal a gentleman’s agreement.
“I’ll go get your twelve pennies from the safe. I’ll only be a minute.”
Jessica could hardly contain her excitement over her acting skills. She used her hand to hide her grin. When she saw the man returning, she boasted a wintery day expression. The station master stepped up to Jessica, handing over the money.
“Thank you for helping me. If you don’t mind, could you escort me to the hotel?” asked Jessica.
“It’ll be my pleasure. Can I ask you a personal question?”
“You can ask. I’m not sure if I’ll answer. It depends on the question.”
“I’m wondering why you’re wearing a man’s outfit? If the women in the town saw what you are wearing, I hate to think what they’d say.”
“You’re the second person to ask the same question today. I’m eager to return to my sheep station. I don’t want to waste any time in changing my clothes.”
“Which station are you referring to?”
“The Rosedale,” answered Jessica truthfully.
“Are you telling me the Rosedale is yours?”
“Are you surprised?”
“Yes, I am. I know for a fact the real owner of the Rosedale had been murdered a long time ago.”
“He was my uncle. The Rosedale is mine. He left the sheep station to me in his will. On my eighteenth birthday I legally obtained the homestead.”
“Do you know an aborigine is in charge of the place? Don’t get me wrong I’m not a racist man. I’ve heard he’s quite good.”
“Yes, I’ve heard. The man’s name is Lightening Dawn.”
“I apologize for testing you. Please understand I needed convincing that you are the owner of the Rosedale. I’ve seen the aboriginal man on occasions when he came into town for supplies.”
“It’s quite alright. Any idea what his name means?”
The man threw up his hands. “Rule of thumb I live by; keep to myself.”
Jessica shook the hand of the station master and bid him a good night. He turned away and trotted towards the railway station where his horse was tethered to a post. Jessica watched him mount the beast, give it a quick kick in the ribs and cantered off along the train line.
Laughter and colorful language from inside the hotel by drunken men sent a signal to women who were in the immediate area to stay away. If they must walk past the pub, they were always advised to walk on the opposite side of the road.
Jessica marched to the closest horse trough and gently pushed the brown mare’s snout out of the way. Water droplets fell into the dust. Staring into the trough, Jessica waited for the water to settle. Her appearance looked worse than she imagined.
Cupping her hands in the water, Jessica washed her face and arms and sprinkled water on her hair. Jessica pushed her fingers through the knots in her hair and did her best to look presentable.
The dusting down of her clothes and straightening her button up shirt came last. Jessica winked at her reflection, sighed, painted a seductive smile on her face and walked over to the hotel’s wooden bat-winged doors.
After stepping into the cigar smoke filled hotel, the voices of the drunken men were at an unbearable roar. A dozen round tables dotted the floor space. At each table, there were six chairs. A bearded man occupied every seat in the place. Loitering at the bar, the men were three-deep. The ones at the rear were trying to push their way to the front so the barman could refill their glass.
Jessica strolled over to the bar. Each time her boot left the wooden floor, it felt sticky from slopped whisky. The crowded room fell, quiet. Each man shuffled to one of the side walls creating a passage to the bar. The young male bartender stopped pouring a long-bearded gold prospector another drink and gazed at Jessica. At the bar an old man with a long grey beard shoved a stool at her. Jessica flashed him a grin. He smiled back. His bad breath smelled worse than the pile of horse manure next to the water trough. Judging by the empty shot glasses in front of him, Jessica could tell he’d already consumed several too many.
Jessica leaned her elbows on the solid wooden red gum counter. She sensed a ruckus developing. In this particular town, women were barred from the hotel establishment. Most nights the local lawman looked in over the top of the wooden bat-winged doors. If he ever found a woman inside, he’d grab her by the scruff of the neck and escort her home. Drunken men and young sober women don’t mix was his favorite saying.
Upstairs, however, seemed to be a different story. No cop ever ventured upstairs. The six rooms were identical. Each contained a window, a wash basin and a single bed. The lady and a miner would enter the room. Inside twenty minutes they’d walk down the stairs. He’d go back to drinking while the young lady would count her money then stash it down her corset. She’d sit near the window watching for the local constable and battering her eyelashes at any new arrivals, waiting for the next man to take her upstairs.
Fifty pairs of eyes bore into Jessica, examining every square inch of her youth. While the barman stepped towards her, a young man pushed his chair back and stepped to Jessica’s side. With a wink, he peeled his wide-brimmed hat from his head.
“Is there something you require? You name it; I’ll fulfill your every command.”
A stirring commotion from the male brood in the hotel made the young lad’s face turn bright red.
“A drink or two might feel good going down. My throat is drier than the Simpson desert,” announced Jessica.
The young man clicked his fingers. The barman immediately poured whisky into a shot glass. Jessica downed the liquid in one gulp, slammed the shot glass on the bar and signaled for another.
“Hey mate you’re gonna get lucky tonight,” sniggered a man at the rear of the crowd. His gummy smile and crooked nose showed he had been involved in many a fight. Judging by the battle scars on his face; they depicted he’d lost more than he had won.
“Shut up, you, old fool!” shrieked the lad. He handed Jessica a third glass full of whisky.
Jessica swallowed the drink as the fourth was poured. She viewed the face of the men drooling over her before focusing on the young man who bought the drinks. She winked seductively, took him by the hand and led him towards the stairs. Cheering and clapping didn’t stop until they were upstairs and out of sight.
Jessica could hear a woman giggling as she walked past the first closed door. Outside the closed door of the second room, she heard the unmistakable squeak of the bed. At the end of the hallway, Jessica abruptly stopped walking and pinned the young man against the wall. His futile struggles against Jessica’s arm leaning heavily against his throat were weak at best.
“I know you’re a decent man. I don’t have too much time to explain. Have you seen three men? Two of the three are brothers? One of the three has a dusty beard. He goes by the name of Dan?”
“How important are these men?”
“Extremely. The three are bushrangers.” Jessica applied more pressure against the man’s windpipe.
“None have come into town fitting the description,” he croaked.
Jessica let the man loose. He started massaging his throat.
“I believe you. I need a favor.”
“Name it, and it’s yours.”
“I’d like to borrow a horse.”
“For how long?”
“Two months at the most. I’ll take good care of it.”
“There’s a spare horse in the blacksmith’s stable at the other end of town. You’ll find a man shoeing the horses. He is my brother. His name’s Dave. You tell him Steve said it’s okay for you to borrow a horse.”
Jessica moved her weight from off the man. She flashed a grin, walking back down the hallway towards the stairs.
The lad sprinted after her. He grabbed hold of her shoulder. “If you leave now those drunks will skin me alive. They expect me to do you.”
“I don’t want to see a handsome young fella skinned alive by a room full of drunken bums.”
Jessica grabbed the young man around his waist, plastering a long kiss on his lips. The man lapped up every second. Eventually, she allowed him to come up for air. “I can tell you’ve never been kissed.”
“How did you know?” whispered the lad.
“I’m a woman.”
Jessica kept up her smile, walking down the stairs. All eyes in the room watched her as she snaked her way through the crowd to the wooden bat-winged doors leading to the outside. Not one drunken male looked to be prepared to begin the taunting. At the threshold to the outside, Jessica faced the sea of strangers.
“The young man doesn’t beat around the bush. He’s the best I’ve ever known.”
Jessica left the disturbance in her wake. Walking past many shop fronts, she finally arrived at the blacksmith’s stable. She found a tall, short cropped dark-haired young man feeding the horses. He looked slightly older than the one she’d kissed at the hotel. The man wore blue jeans and a sleeveless button up shirt. His forearms, biceps, and shoulders looked like they could easily lift four men off the ground.
Jessica lost sight of the man when the Clydesdale moved. To bide her time until he finished feeding the horse, she glanced around the wooden barn. In the small furnace near the center of the stable, the embers still glowed. A metal bucket full of water was on a couple of hardened clay bricks next to the Anvil. Jessica silently walked across the compacted ground to take a closer look. At the bottom of the bucket of water were four horseshoes.
The man Jessica wanted to talk to stepped from behind the large Clydesdale. In the light of the kerosene lantern hanging from a bent nail on the main pole supporting the roof, he looked Jessica up and down. The small dancing flame inside the kerosene lantern highlighted Jessica’s shapely silhouette.
“Can I help you?”
Jessica squared herself to the man. “Steve told me a message. He reckons it will be okay for me to borrow a horse.”
“My brother can never resist a pretty woman.” The man walked over, holding out his hand.
Jessica reached out and shook his rough hand, noting he had seen a lot of horseshoeing. “I’m Jessica.”
“I’m pleased to meet you. I’m Dave.”
“I thought you might be.”
“Where did you meet my brother? Or should I say how did you meet?”
“We met in the local not more than half an hour ago.”
“You were in the pub?”
“Yes.”
Dave meticulously studied Jessica from head to foot.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m looking for ripped clothing, bruises, welts on your arms. I don’t see any. I’m surprised you made it out of the place intact.”
“Why? Is it due to the fact I’m a woman?”
“Yes, an extremely beautiful one.”
“I hope you don’t mind me asking. Your accent, is it Irish?”
“Indeed. You’re not only pretty you are clever too.”
“Thanks for the compliment, now, how about the horse?”
The man beckoned Jessica to follow. He led her to the stall next to the Clydesdale. The fit looking mare twitched its ears forward when she saw the pair looking over the low gate.
“I re-shod the horse this morning,” said Dave.
“She’s a beauty.”
“Fast too. I gave her a run for a bit of exercise about three hours ago.” He looked directly at Jessica’s blue eyes. “Do you have any money? For the loan of the horse, I mean.”
“Can I give you what I gave your brother?”
“Knowing Steve, he probably settled for a kiss. He’s been complaining for months he’s never kissed a woman. Two days ago, he said he’d give anything for a kiss.”
Jessica put her arm over Dave’s rock-hard shoulder.
“You’re the most beautiful woman in this town. Take no offence when I say I’d rather get paid money.”
“Okay.”
When the young man finished saddling the horse, Jessica took hold of the reins. She stretched her neck a few inches and kissed the man square on the lips. She slipped two pennies into the palm of his hand then mounted the horse. With a flick of the reins against the horse’s neck, they trotted out of the stable and into the main street.



CHAPTER FIVE



TO RIDE a horse from Bendigo to the Rosedale’s rear corner fence post took ninety minutes. If the rider knew the short cut the journey could easily be accomplished in thirty minutes.
Although it had been several years, Jessica felt positive she knew the way. Her uncle took her on the back of his horse the same way at least a dozen times before they moved to the sea. The location of the Rosedale, was in the middle of the mountains while the homestead called ‘The Glen’ overlooked the ocean.
The trail could easily deceive the rider at first. It snaked towards the East before double-backing on itself in a Westerly direction. If Jessica didn’t wander away from the narrow trail, she’d eventually find herself at the Rosedale’s rear fence post. A lazy fifteen-minute ride through the bottom paddock and she’d be at the homestead’s verandah. Anyone could follow the trail during daylight hours. At night, it tested the rider’s endurance.
The short cut began next to the general store at the Northern tip of the town. This time of year, a medium sized bush covered in wattle flowers made the entrance to the track easy to spot. Jessica coaxed her horse to push through between the bush and the weatherboard wall of the store. She kept her gaze fixed on the winding track as darkness settled on the area. Small animal eyes watched her and the mare as they pushed deeper into the scrub. At one stage a young tree python scraped Jessica’s shoulder. She felt sorry for the foot-long youngster and placed it on the next overhanging tree branch.
At the river crossing, Jessica dismounted. The moon shone over the canopy of the trees illuminating the surface of the slow flowing river. She gave the horse a reassuring pat on the neck and led her slowly through the ankle-deep water. Through her waterproof knee-high leather boots, Jessica could feel the cold temperature of the water.
“I’m happy it isn’t raining old girl,” whispered Jessica.
The horse’s ears swiveled, listening to the words of the rider.
“To attempt to cross a swollen river in a storm during the day is suicidal, definitely unimaginable at night.” Jessica chuckled. “Fortunately, there’s no one else around. They might think I’m a little crazy talking to a horse.”
On the other side of the river, Jessica mounted. For half a minute, she watched the brightening stars, weighing up the option to make camp for the night or keep moving. She clicked her tongue making the horse start walking again.
At seeing the Rosedale’s corner fence post, Jessica’s heart pounded behind her rib cage. She pulled gently on the reins, signaling the horse to stop. For a full minute, Jessica studied the broken wooden gate lying on the ground. The few shattered boards were beyond repair. The post looked to be the only thing worth saving.
“The reason why something trampled my gate will have to wait,” she whispered to the horse. She gave the mare a gentle kick, making the horse start to trot.
The mare navigated her way through the wooden debris, never missing a foothold. When the outline of a house loomed out of the darkness, Jessica could smell smoke. A couple of dogs barked, making her presence known to the occupants inside the homestead someone was prowling around outside. Jessica urged her horse through several sheep huddling in the dark. They made a small commotion which sent the dogs into a constant yap.
At the verandah, Jessica dismounted and tied the reins to the end post. Billowing smoke from the chimney rose above the roof of the homestead. The storm shutters were fully closed for the evening. At the other end of the verandah, Jessica heard the squeak of a door opening. A small kerosene lantern slowly ascended into the air.
“Who there?”
The man’s rough Australian accent and broken English, made him hard to understand.
“Show self or I shoot,” called the man.
Jessica heard a click coming from a gun. “Sir, there’s no need to shoot me. I’m only here for your help.”
“Are ya’ alone?”
“Yes, I am.”
“You sound female. Why are you walkin’ around the bush at night? Don’t you know there is bushrangers about?”
Jessica climbed the two steps. Walking along the creaking verandah towards the light she saw the outline of a tall man place the lamp on a small round table.
“I’m Jessica Hayes,” she announced, coming to a stop next to the table. “I’m looking for the overseer of this sheep station. I’m wondering if you might know him. His name is Lightening Dawn?”
“I, he. I am Lightening Dawn.”
The man’s broken English seemed to be worsening with every word he spoke. Jessica looked directly at the man’s face.
“You’re so black.”
“You so white. You’re a woman. Dangerous to be out in night. Bushrangers many.”
Jessica decided to fill in any missing words the man failed to say for easier dialect. She boasted an extra friendly smile and held out her hand in an attempt to add a sociable gesture.
The tall man stepped forward. They pressed the flesh by way of a standard handshake. When he let go, he pointed the rifle at the ground.
“Thank you, Lightening Dawn for at least understanding I’m not here to rob you.”
The man walked off, beckoning Jessica to follow.
Every few steps the verandah’s wooden boards creaked. Jessica noted the wooden boards covering the walls of the homestead were well cared for. The kitchen door looked solid for its age. The rusty doorknob and the keyhole had seen plenty of use.
Jessica followed the aboriginal man into the kitchen. Jessica breathed in the smell of smoke. Memories of by gone years immediately wafted back to her consciousness.
Her uncle and aunt used great care when they laid each solid hand-made brick that formed the chimneys. Corrugated iron covered the roof. The exposed wooden beams had been cut from the trees in the paddocks. They were hoisted, into place by their old faithful Clydesdale. The homestead boasted a total number of seven rooms. Jessica’s uncle extended the narrow laundry and brought the outhouse inside. The hand dug long drop rarely smelt. The kitchen, the most used room in the homestead always felt warm from the wood oven. The smells lingered all day from the constant cooking and always put a smile on the face of the weary workers.
“Miss Jessica is you okay?” asked Lightening Dawn, placing the lamp on the kitchen table.
“I’m fine, thank you.”
“You look troubled.”
“Yes, I am.”
The man sat at the table, clasping his hands together. He looked directly at Jessica.
“Three bushrangers ambushed the train I’d been on.”
“Did two of them look almost the same?” asked Lightening Dawn.
“Yes, they did. Two were brothers.”
“I know of the men. They are bad.”
“I’d have to agree. Please, don’t think I’m attacking you in any way; you’re aboriginal?”
“Yes, from the Mullum-Mullum tribe.”
A perplexed expression swept Jessica’s young face. “They congregate many days from this station. How come you’re here?”
“When I’d seen ten summers, I said goodbye to my village and went walk-a-bout. I ended up here. Boss man; he good man. A long time ago he left me in charge until he returned.”
“I hate to bring bad news. The man who owned this place is dead. He just happened to be my uncle. He took me in and slotted into the role of being my father.”
Lightening Dawn slid off his chair and downed his knee, pulling the hat from his head. He recited a heartfelt prayer. Standing to full height, he said solemnly. “You are the boss now. I’ll do everything you ask.”
Jessica patted the man on the shoulder. Her eyebrows instantly shot skywards at feeling his strong, rock hard, muscular shoulder. She saw the man grin. She smiled back.
Jessica sighed as she looked at the tall, strong, handsome black man. After pulling out a chair, she sat. “Lightening Dawn,” she started.
“Yes, boss lady,” he answered sitting back on his chair.
“The first thing I want you to agree on is extremely important.”
The man looked completely baffled at the words Jessica used.
“I never want you to call me boss lady again. My name is Jessica. It’s easy to see you have run this sheep station on your own for a number of years. Although I’m paying you for the overseer job, I would like you to consider the opportunity to be an equal owner of the Rosedale.”
Lightening couldn’t contain his excitement. He wrapped his arms around Jessica. “The workers walked off the Rosedale property five years ago. I love the idea of being an equal partner.”
“Next, I understand aborigines are great trackers. If I’m correct, I’m asking you to please help me track the three bushrangers down so we can obtain what they stole from me?”
“What did they take?”
“Two solid silver handguns and a large blue diamond ring.”
“It will be my pleasure to help,” said Lightening.
“There’s one more question I want to ask.”
“I’ll do my best to answer it.”
“Why were you named Lightening Dawn?”
“Your question is easy to answer. I was born at the crack of dawn when the sky started lightening on a brand-new day.”
Still smiling inwardly over the man’s explanation, Jessica followed Lightening Dawn to the stable. After giving the horses an extra meal of oats, they walked back to the homestead. Entering the kitchen, they were greeted by two young aborigine boys and a young aboriginal girl.
“Who are you three?” asked Jessica.
Lightening Dawn introduced the boys. “The lad closest to you is fourteen-year-old Jarrah. Cobar is his twin brother. Gip is their ten-year-old sister.”
“Hello!” screeched each of the kids in turn.
“Hello to you,” said Jessica.
“You hungry?” questioned Gip.
“Yes, I am.”
The three kids ushered Jessica to the table. They placed the left-over evening meal consisting of lamb stew on a couple of slices of the day’s bread in front of her. The three kids sat on the floor watching Jessica eat. When she had swallowed the last mouthful, Gip grabbed Jessica’s arm.
“Will you be long?” asked Gip. She looked sad at hearing the news their visitor wanted to leave so soon.
“How did you know Lightening Dawn and I are going somewhere?”
“We overheard you talking when you arrived,” explained Jarrah.
“Hopefully, we’ll be back in a couple of days,” Jessica answered.
Gip didn’t look happy when she saw Jessica walk to the gun cupboard. She watched her swipe a rifle and a gun belt from off the shelf. When she saw her clip the gun belt around her waist, Gip’s eyebrows angled to a point. Her shoulders slumped when Jessica loaded the Smith and Wesson and pushed the gun into the holster.
Lightening Dawn packed provisions in his swag. He walked over to the gun cupboard, picking out a rifle and a colt .45.
Jessica followed Lightening Dawn outside.
Gip followed them to the stable. She watched Jessica place the saddle on the horse’s back and tighten the leather saddle strap around its girth.
“This my home. We family,” said Gip.
Jessica smiled at the young girl. Her black face caused her teeth to look extra white. She squatted, looking directly at the girl. “Yes, we family.” She ruffled her hair then mounted the mare. “See you soon.”
Jessica saw Gip and the two boys waving. She waved back and gave her horse a slight kick.
Lightening and Jessica trotted off into the night. She spoke when both horses were next to each other.
“Will those boys be able to watch the sheep?”
“They have helped me for the past ten months. They know what to do.”
“Are they your brothers or your siblings?”
“No. I don’t have a woman in my life. I have the Rosedale sheep station. Those boys are from the Bunarong tribe. They reside near a Melbourne beach. They decided to go walk-a-bout.”
“What about Gip, where does she fit into the equation?”
“When the boys said goodbye to their tribe, Gip followed them. For days, they pestered her to go back. She insisted on walking alongside her brothers. She wanted to see what they saw and go where they went. Those three are inseparable.”
Jessica shook her head at the thought of volunteering to leave the safety of a place. To leave and take no food or water sounded too daring a task especially at such a young age. She looked sideways at Lightening Dawn. His handsome features were an attraction she found hard to resist. Already the man impressed her by showing how she imagined a real man should act. At her deepening thoughts, she suddenly realized where they were taking her. Jessica’s heart skipped a beat. Again, she riveted the idea she didn’t want a man in her life particularly after what her dead husband put her through. She never wanted the love or companionship from a man again.

# # # # # #

Jessica viewed Lightening Dawn’s back many times as they rode through the bush. It looked strong. “A good worker,” she muttered.
The scrub thickened causing the trail to narrow which helped disguise her lagging behind. When the bush thinned, Lightening Dawn looked over his shoulder.
Jessica swallowed her emotions, edging her horse to slip into sync next to Lightening’s horse. Eventually, both horses and their rider burst through the scrub into town. The pub, long since closed, and the drunken men were home, left the main street deserted.
Jessica pointed to the rail tracks at the other end of town. They rode to the station. After a quick lap of the train, they rode along the train line to where the bushrangers carried out their successful ambush. Jessica spied several empty suitcases littering the area; the only evidence to back up her story.
Lightening Dawn mirrored Jessica’s lead and quickly dismounted. They walked to the exact place where the three men made a hasty retreat into the bush. Jessica marched over to the train line. She stood where Dan the bushranger took the blue diamond ring from off her finger and had taken possession of the guns.
Lightening took great care in studying the rock-hard dirt looking for footprints. He squatted where the scrub touched the clearing. Eventually, he looked at Jessica with a gleam in his eyes.
“Jessica, in my opinion, you’re correct. Three men on horseback entered the bush exactly where you said. Judging by the violent entry they didn’t care to mask their escape. I believe they will be easy to follow. Please, take no offence, white man can’t move through the bush without leaving a distinct trail.”
“No offence taken. Lead on.”
Lightening Dawn tightened his grip on the reins, forcing his horse to push into the scrub. He pointed at the dirt.
“One of the horse’s hoof prints is lighter than the others. I believe one horse is almost lame. The beast will make the men travel more slowly.”
“They seem to be heading for the town we came from.”
Lightening shook his head. “If they keep going in the same direction, they will travel South of the town away from the Rosedale station.”
“Any ideas on where they might end up?”
“Hard to say at this early stage; if I were to guess, they will end up in Melbourne.”
“We should get moving. I want to catch up to them sooner than later,” said Jessica.
Lightening Dawn flicked the reins of his horse to make it start trotting in hot pursuit of the bushrangers. Every ten seconds he stooped and examined the ground for evidence that they were following the correct horse prints. He’d nod then give a sharp flick of his reins, making his horse walk on.
Bringing up the rear, Jessica’s fully loaded sidearm bumped constantly against her thigh. She looked forward to the time they’d find the men.



CHAPTER SIX



THE FIRST streaks of light filtering through the trees signaled the beginning of a new day. The thin morning mist quickly evaporated. The two weary riders emerged from the scrub. The small clearing, they rode into looked to be the same size as the barn back at the Rosedale.
Jessica hadn’t slept for over twenty-four hours. Her shoulders slumped, her eyelids were closing, and her blonde hair had lost its bounce from the unseasonal heavy due from the previous night. She lifted her hand, signaling a halt.
“Why have we stopped?” Lightening moved his attention away from their surrounds.
Jessica looked at him. Her eyelids were fully shut. Her entire body trembled when she attempted to dismount. When her foot touched the ground, she knew she had succumbed to fatigue. Crumpling to the ground, she coiled into a fetal position. Her horse didn’t seem too concerned over the human ball for she already busied herself munching the green grass.
“You sleep, I’ll make breakfast.”
Lightening Dawn walked briskly over to a clump of dried twigs, gathered an arm full, marched to the center of the clearing and quickly constructed a makeshift camp. Rummaging through his swag, he pulled out a small metal tin. Lightening Dawn glanced at Jessica. Satisfied she was fully asleep he ran through the scrub towards the slow-moving stream, empty tin in hand. In less than a minute, he returned holding the tin can full of water. The handful of dry leaves he grabbed from the ground he placed in the readied fire. He struck a match. The dried twigs were quickly burning. A minimal amount of smoke wafted into the stagnant air. Lightening Dawn placed the old Billy tin full of water on to the fire. He scurried off into the bush for a second time. When he returned, both his hands were full of blackberries. He dropped the berries into the warming water inside the Billy. Next, he dropped three coffee beans into a dented mug, poured in hot water and smelt the aroma. He used the same procedure on the second mug. He reached into his swag, pulling out a wrapped cloth. Carefully unwrapping the material, he uncovered four chicken eggs. One by one he placed the eggs into the old tin in the middle of the small fire. He walked over to Jessica and placed a coffee mug under her nose. Her eyelids fluttered open.
“When did you make the coffee?” she groaned.
“Just finished,” Lightening announced.
“How long did I sleep?” Jessica questioned, struggling to a sitting position.
“You’ve been asleep for about thirty minutes. The eggs are ready. So are the berries.”
“Where did you get the berries?” Jessica swiped her hair from her face and rubbed her eyes.
Lightening Dawn pointed to the slow-moving stream. Jessica focused on a blackberry bush growing out of the low bank. Flowers covered the dense bush. A ton of berries looked ready to be picked.
Jessica shook off the tired feeling. She used both hands to hold the mug. Eagerly sipping the tar-colored brew, she sat watching Lightening sprint back to the small fire to rescue the breakfast.
Together they shelled the hard-boiled eggs and ate the berries out of the tin of warm water. When Jessica finished the last drop of coffee, Lightening Dawn dropped three more coffee beans into her mug and refilled it. In minutes, she felt refreshed.
After finishing the breakfast, the campfire embers were buried in dirt. In forty minutes, they were back on their horse, following the trail of the bushrangers.
Lightening pointed to the trampled bush. “The three men don’t seem too concerned about being tracked. In fact, they seem to be getting more careless.”
“Maybe the bushrangers thought they made a fool proof escape.” Jessica looked at the sky. “Let’s hope we catch up to them before the storm hits.”
Lightening looked skywards. For a good minute he studied the clouds.
“Three o’clock tomorrow afternoon the storm will arrive.”
“Are you positive about the accurate prediction?” questioned Jessica.
“I’m almost certain. For years, I’ve been studying the wind and the clouds. I thought the knowledge I gain might help me snare a job protecting sheep or cattle on a station somewhere. One day I arrived at the Rosedale property. I’ve been there ever since.”
Jessica carefully watched Lightening Dawn’s dark eyes. Her thoughts were running wild. The man’s magnetism reached out, gripping her spirit. A knot formed in her stomach. At first, she tried to ignore the feeling. The knot didn’t relent. If anything, it grew tighter. She frowned. Surely it couldn’t be love pangs. She tried to force her mind into thinking of other things. She looked at the sky again and studied the clouds. Lightening’s face was all she saw.
“This is a great trail we’re following. We have to get moving if we want to catch the bushrangers today.”
Jessica peeled her gaze from the sky. She caught Lightening Dawn looking at her through lustful eyes. To hide the fact, he quickly studied the ground. Jessica too looked somewhere else. She hoped by not looking at the man riding next to her the knot in the pit of her stomach might quickly fade and be no more than a distant memory in which she could have a quiet chuckle the next time she found herself alone.
Before she knew it, Jessica had let her guard down. She stared at Lightening. Unblinking, he stared back.
Over the next two hours, Lightening and Jessica chatted. He taught her about tracking and what to look for if she were ever hungry.
‘Lightening Dawn you’re the best teacher, full of bush wisdom and knowledge,’ Jessica thought.
By the time they dismounted, Jessica felt the utmost respect for the aboriginal man named Lightening Dawn. He was always quick to reassure, unlike her dead husband who downgraded her countless times. He forever ordered her back into line. Up to the time she said, ‘I do’ at the altar he’d been the perfect gentleman. She never once saw a hint he wanted the power over people or that he was money hungry.
To give the horses a well-deserved break, Jessica and Lightening started leading their horses through the bush. Although walking felt painful, Jessica welcomed the exercise. Several snakes basking in the mid-morning sun slowed the bushwalkers by making them walk wide of the trail. In minutes they were again back on course. Lightening even allowed Jessica to lead some of the way. The speed in which his only pupil learnt impressed him.
“Go to the top of the class,” he chuckled.
Jessica gently punched Lightening in the arm. He swept her off the ground and turned in circles. They laughed at each other over the one-line statement. When they stopped, they chuckled at the sudden silence.
The hot, dry, humid morning made Jessica and Lightening sweat under their riding gear and wide-brimmed hat. By midday, the sun started sapping their strength.
Lightening Dawn called a halt. They’d broken through the scrub into a small clearing and stumbled upon the remains of a campfire. Lightening checked it for warmth. The embers were cold. The broken tips of the tree branches around the area looked fresh. A few thin branches still oozed sap. Lightening gently touched the sticky substance in an attempt to ascertain the number of hours since the branches were broken.
“The three men we’ve been tracking camped here no later than last night.”
“First rule of survival, rest near water.” Jessica wiped the sweat from her brow.
Lightening pointed at the slope of the land beyond the edge of the clearing. They climbed the small hill and looked through the scrub at the one hundred feet square waterhole. Several stray cows were standing in the water, cooling their hooves.
“The bushrangers can certainly pick the perfect place to set up camp; middle of the bush, no one around for miles. This spot is safer than a bank,” said Jessica.
“Care for a swim?”
“I’d love to. The only problem is I have nothing to change into.”
Lightening Dawn threw his shirt to the sun. The man’s physique, his well-defined shoulders and deep chest shocked Jessica. Every muscle in his body seemed to stretch his shiny black skin to its limit. She was still trying to gain control of her thoughts when she saw him drop his pants and walk naked into the water.
Standing chest deep in water, Lightening called. “Come in, cool down.”
Jessica signaled to Lightening Dawn he should turn around to respect her modesty. After all, they were business associates, not bed partners.
Lightening Dawn faced the opposite side of the waterhole. Hearing faint splashing, he faced the naked woman. He watched her dive beneath the surface and come up treading water at arm’s length.
They swam, dived and played hide and seek in the water. Five minutes into the swim, Jessica shivered from the cold.
“It’s freezing in this water. Turn around while I walk out,” Jessica stammered.
Lightening faced the bushes at the far side of the waterhole. When he heard splashing, he found it impossible to fight the temptation. He turned in time to see Jessica stepping from the water. The glare of the sun highlighted each strand of her long blonde hair. Water dripping from the golden ends trickled down to the nook in her back. Jessica’s hour glass figure excited Lightening. Jessica turned in time to see the man marching out of the water. He looked more than ready to have her.
“Lightening Dawn, I asked you to respect my privacy which includes keeping your head turned.”
“You said we were an equal.”
“Only in a business partnership,” screamed Jessica.
Images of Lightening attacking her in the middle of the Australian bush flashed into her thoughts. Hell, the man could do anything to her. Who’d ever know? After having his way he could cut her throat and go back to the Rosedale. If anyone asked a question of him who owned the sheep station, he could simply say he inherited it.
“I insist you to get back into the water.”
Lightening didn’t seem to understand Jessica’s frantic words. He towered over her. Looking directly at Jessica’s eyes, Lightening Dawn gathered her in. No light could be detected between them. Feeling his dominant strength, Jessica appeared to be powerless to do anything. She swallowed her fear, determined to discover a solution to her dilemma. The only people in screaming distance were the three bushrangers. She certainly didn’t want them on the scene to quadruple her problem. One uncontrollable man full of testosterone was more than enough.
Jessica unsuccessfully tried to wriggle free of Lightening’s powerful arms.
“I want you,” he insisted in a strong, deep masculine voice.
A sheep, when cornered by a pack of wild dogs, surrenders its life. Jessica thought seriously, the idea might be her only option. After all, it worked against the bushranger. Maybe if she was lucky, the act might work again. The longer she thought about it, the stronger the notion grew. Allow Lightening Dawn to have his way and pray he’d let her live. She’d lost out big time in getting her guns and the blue diamond ring back by putting her trust in a man she barely knew. For the mistake, her memory will be the only way to ever see them or the Rosedale again. Tears fell from her eyes. Her life was the only thing she had left and that looked to be in serious jeopardy.
Jessica glared at the man through narrowed slits. ‘We need to talk about what you’re doing, is wrong!’
Her statement never left her mind.
She could feel Lightening’s wild emotions the moment their lips welded. The hot fiery passion flowing through the man’s body felt overwhelming. Every one of his muscles tensed. She knew he had already committed himself to have her. Gathering every ounce of strength she could summon, she managed to push him off.
The man back stepped.
Jessica watched his dark eyes. His pupils were wide, dancing sporadically, staring back.
“We need to talk,” she whispered, finally getting her thoughts into words.
Lightening Dawn dressed and marched towards the scrub.
“Where are you going?”
The man didn’t answer. He pushed aside the scrub and vanished.
Jessica dressed, picked her way through the bush, tracking the man. She found him sitting on the far side of the waterhole watching the sky. She made her shadow hover over the man’s face.
“Storm is building.”
Jessica looked up at the sky. “You might be correct,” she said confirming his three words.
“What are you here for?”
“I want to talk to you,” growled Jessica firmly.
“No need to talk. White skin people talk too much.”
“You don’t talk enough.”
“Sit; look at the sky and the bush.”
Jessica sat. Her gaze followed Lightening’s outstretched finger. He pointed at the sky, the trees, and the surrounding area.
“What do you see?” he asked.
“I see exactly what you see, the Australian bush, wildlife, and the sky.”
“I don’t see what you see. I feel the scrub, the trees, the sky and the animals. I am part of the bush.”
“Is that how you can predict the weather?”
“Yes.”
“Tell me something. Due to the fact you believe you feel the living bush and are part of the living surrounds; is it the reason why you’re so good at tracking?”
“Yes.”
Jessica touched Lightening Dawn on the arm.
“I’m going walk-a-bout,” he sulked.
“Right now?” she questioned.
“Yes.”
“You can’t leave me here in the middle of the bush.”
“Talk is over.” Lightening Dawn stood.
“I haven’t said what I wanted to say.”
“Talk finished.”
With folded arms, Jessica copied Lightening Dawn’s move. “Don’t you walk away from me, mister. I have something to say. I expect you to have the decency to listen.”
Lightening Dawn faced her square on. He folded his arms. Jessica wasn’t convinced he wanted to listen to a word she said, but at least he was looking at her.
“Can we sit?”
“No, I’m more comfortable standing.”
“Why? Is it so you can walk off when you’ve heard enough?”
Lightening Dawn sat crossed-legged and straight-backed, looking up at Jessica.
“Thank you,” she said, sitting. “First, I want to say you are an amazing masculine man. Second, when you were kissing me, I felt something I have never felt in a man. I know I didn’t have enough strength to fight you off. You felt me trying and let me go. I pegged you to be a rapist, a murderer or both. I was wrong.”
Lightening opened his mouth to talk. Jessica wagged her finger under his nose.
“I haven’t finished speaking,” she growled. “Your charisma draws me to you. One day in the future I can imagine being your wife. I must stress not yet. It’s too soon. My husband died not long ago. I alone dug his grave. I hate him for what he did. Can you understand it’s too soon? I can’t bring myself to make love to you. Maybe one day in the future I will. If the day comes, I will decide, not you.”
Lightening Dawn displayed a far-away expression. He turned away and walked off.
Tears fell from Jessica’s eyes. They flowed down over her cheeks. She angrily swiped them away using the back of her hand.
“Please don’t go,” yelled Jessica.
Lightening Dawn brushed aside the scrub. Only for a moment did she see him hesitate.
Jessica called after him. “Gip said we are a family. I thought maybe there could be a chance you and I might have had a future. I was mistaken. There will never be anything between us.”
Lightening emerged from the scrub and marched to where Jessica sat sobbing. Hovering over her he didn’t look happy. He waited for her to look up at him.
“I am what you, white folk say, embarrassed. I expected to lay you down. I wanted to call you, my woman.”
“You have a strange way of asking me to marry you.”
“Being my woman to me is a great honor. You do understand the meaning of the word?”
“Explain to me what it means to you.”
“I will never do you wrong or allow anything or anyone to hurt you or upset you. I will go so far as to say I’ll lay down my life to protect you.”
Jessica swallowed the lump in her throat. For the first time, she didn’t know what to say.
“You refused. I go walk-a-bout.”
“How long before you return?”
“Never,” Lightening quoted. He marched towards the bush.
“Please don’t go. I need you,” cried Jessica.
If Lightening heard or not, this time, the man didn’t hesitate. Pushing through the scrub, he disappeared.
Jessica cleared her throat. In one deep breath she screamed her words at the bush.
“Lightening Dawn, if you go, don’t come back. I’ll find the bushrangers myself. When I’m done, Gip, her brothers and I will be a family. You will be a distant memory; the same as my dead husband.”



CHAPTER SEVEN



DAN DAYTON, his brother Barry, their tag-along mate Robert Masters were drinking at the local hotel ten miles from where they robbed the train. With three bullets he had taken out of his pocket on the bar next to him, Dan busied himself admiring the blue diamond ring he stole from off Jessica’s finger. The other two were whipping up a disturbance. Verbal diarrhea volleyed between the bushrangers and a few patrons. The argument flowed faster than a river in a flood. The dozen miners who were in the hotel for a quiet drink either to celebrate their lucky gold find or to drown their sorrows on striking out looked angry enough to fight the bushrangers.
Standing behind the bar pouring whisky shots, the tall man, boasting a long beard, appeared to be disgusted at their drunken demeanor. He leaned forward. Under his breath and through clamped teeth he growled.
“You’ve downed your last drink in this establishment. Do you understand what I’m talkin’ about?”
Dan swiped up his three bullets and dropped them in his pocket. He pushed the diamond ring deep into his other pocket and shoved his fist under the barman’s nose. “Another round for the three of us and make it snappy.”
“You’re upsetting the cliental. It’s time for you to move on. Go find a nice quiet corner somewhere out of town to sleep it off,” suggested the barman.
“You’ll need a lot of mates to tell me what to do. I listen to no one especially a barman in this two-bit pub in this out of the way town,” growled Dan, slurring his words.
“I have a shot gun on the top shelf underneath the bar begging for me to use it. After I’ve thrown the three of you out of this place, I’ll use my sawn-off shotgun. If you open your eyes in the morning, you’ll be limping for a very long time.”
Dan slid off the stool he’d been perched on, nodded at Masters and tugged at his brother’s arm, pulling him to the side of the room out of earshot.
“Before you two get us into a fight, I think we should heed the barman’s warning. We must stay un-noticed. We’ve bought a few drinks; let’s go finalize our plans in robbing the bank across the road.”
“Brother, you are correct as usual. We should be on our way.” Barry waved his hand in the air. Yelling in a slurred tone of voice, he announced to the men in the room. “Thank you, everyone, for your entertaining hospitality. My brother has convinced me it’s time to go. No one get up. We’ll find our own way out.” Slamming money on the counter, he snarled at the barman. “Six bottles of whisky will help us to be gone.”
The barman placed the bottles on the counter. Dan swiped them up and gathered his brother and Masters. The three men stepped out into the fresh air at the same time. When the outside air hit their face, the group of three stood swaying in the middle of the dirt road. Barry bowed at a few women who were hurrying past.
“I’m happy those lovely ladies weren’t about to shoot. The way they were glaring at us anyone would think they were our wife,” groaned Masters.
The three bushrangers stored the bottles of whisky in their saddle bags. They were still chuckling when they rode their horse off into the night.
At the Southern end of town, the three riders discovered an undulating landscape covered in tall grass. They rode along a well-worn trail towards a larger hill. The men made camp on the crest.
Dan settled his head down against his saddle. “This is the life. The stars are out, our saddlebags are full of money and jewelry from the train robbery, and I have in my possession the rumored solid silver colt .45’s we’ve been searching for.”
“Not forgetting to mention the blue diamond,” added Robert Masters.
Dan pulled the ring from his pocket. He lifted the item to eye level and drooled over the dark blue stone.
“The ring must be worth a fortune,” whispered Barry.
“You’re not wrong brother.” Dan kissed the ring then placed it back into his pocket.
“I’ve been thinking. Maybe we should keep the diamond ring Forland asked us to find. We could sell the stone, split the money three ways and head North to Sydney. I’ve heard the weather is good up there. Countless ladies are looking for tough, rugged men,” announced Masters.
Dan sat bolt upright, looking directly at Masters. “What are you saying?”
“Forland hasn’t a hope in finding us. We have enough loot from the train robbery to live a happy life.”
Barry focused on his brother. “Maybe he’s correct.”
“No, he’s not. I’ve planned to rob the bank. I’m not giving up a chance to be filthy rich. If you want out, go.”
“What’s this idea of the bank job?” Masters grilled. “I thought we were good mates? You two have never said a word about robbing a bank. In my opinion, it’s a bad idea. Let’s take what we have and count ourselves lucky.”
“We are good mates!” said Dan.
“Why didn’t you confide in me?”
“Up to last week, the idea was only in the planning stage. I informed my brother a few days ago about the plan. He agreed it sounded great. The gold miners in this part of the country dig the gold out of the ground. They bring their nuggets to the bank. They exchange the gold for crisp new pound notes. I know for a fact the money comes to the bank by train. It’s no coincidence we’re here at this time. Instead of another train robbery which nets us a good amount of money, we’ll rob the bank and have a lot more to spend.”
“When were you going to tell me the details?” jeered Masters.
“I just did. What do you think?” questioned Dan.
“I reckon you’re holding small amounts of information from me.”
“Why would I?”
“You two are blood brothers. I’m the third man in this trio.”
“Why should your statement alter my plans?” asked Dan.
“I have my suspicions. I believe we should vote on whether your idea is in the best interest of the gang. If something were to go wrong; I don’t want to be in prison for the remainder of my life or sitting in a cell waiting to be hanged.”
“If I’m not mistaken, I reckon you don’t trust me!” spat Dan.
“I don’t.”
“We’ve been best mates since we could walk.”
“I still don’t understand why I was kept in the dark?” questioned Masters. He shook his head in disgust at his so-called mates.
“I told you. Up until recently, the plan has been sketchy. I didn’t want to say anything until I knew every detail,” explained Dan.
“How do you know the money will be on the train?” asked Masters.
“I know people in high places.”
“What people?”
“Hold it right there, Masters,” snarled Barry. “My brother doesn’t have to tell you. Hell, he hasn’t even told me.”
“The entire plan sounds dirty,” grumbled Masters.
Barry looked at his brother. “I have to admit holding any information from us might be disastrous. I think you should let us in on who you’ve been talking to?”
“Are you taking his side?”
“I’m not on anyone’s side. If this bank job goes ahead, I want to know I’m going to live.”
“Trust me, nothing will go wrong,” insisted Dan.
“I’ve heard those words too many times in my life from other men. All of them are six feet under,” growled Masters. “To put my mind and your brother’s, at ease why don’t you tell us more details? What time is the money due to arrive?”
“Tomorrow morning at exactly ten o’clock,” Dan explained. “The safe at the bank is full of gold. There will be only one lawman to escort the money from the train to the bank. We’ll be waiting inside the building. A quick clean robbery will set us up for the remainder of our days. Masters, after the robbery you’re more than welcome to disappear and do whatever you want.”
“If I’m not mistaken isn’t the law office close to the bank?” questioned Masters in a condescending voice. He smelt a trap and wanted to prove it. “If there is any noise the lawman will hear. Is it your grand idea to go up against the law? Barry and I will be too busy shooting to realize you have stolen the money and the gold right from under our nose. You’ll be gone, leaving us to die.”
Barry eyeballed his brother.
Dan showed a sinister grin. “Don’t worry about what Master’s has just said; it is all lies.”
Masters hovered over Dan. His hand swiftly pulled his gun from the holster. Menacingly he pointed it at Dan. “You should quickly explain yourself, or the next bullet I shoot from my gun will bore a hole through your heart.”
“You want more details? Here they are. The all-important high-ranking police brass is due to arrive tomorrow afternoon. The lawman in charge of the new police station will be too busy cleaning and making a fuss over paperwork to worry about the bank. I’ve already spoken to the man. He admitted he’s budding for a promotion. It’s the reason why the robbery must be first thing tomorrow morning,” stated Dan.
“You’ve spoken directly to a lawman?” questioned Masters.
“He was quite chatty. He didn’t know I pumped him for information. The man wants to be remembered for being the best police officer in this part of the state.”
“I wondered where you were for three weeks. Barry, what I want to know is why you didn’t say where your brother went? I always thought we were a good gang,” grumbled Masters.
“The way you said, ‘were’ doesn’t build my confidence.”
“How do you think I feel? You could have at least confided in me.”
Dan directed his gaze straight at Masters. “I didn’t want anyone to know. If the law got even a smell of my idea they could easily change their routine at the last minute. Come on, don’t be too upset. It’s an easy robbery. While everyone else lives in a dream world hoping to strike it rich finding a large gold nugget, we three will be sitting in the sun on the beach living it up.”
For a time, Masters stroked the stubble on his chin brooding over the idea. Finally, he pushed his gun back into his holster. “Okay, I’m in. If the plan works and I’m not part of it I’ll be kicking myself forever.”
Dan settled himself down for the night. He appeared to be content at believing nothing would go wrong with the robbery the next morning. He knew of every fact. He had thought up an answer to every possibility of where the robbery could go wrong. He’d done his homework. His confident grin looked sarcastic. He glanced at his brother, Barry. He was already asleep. Masters was awake, staring at the stars. Dan closed his eyes. He fell asleep, thinking how he will spend his money. The ladies that will entertain him and the whisky he’d drink. Yes, the taste of the whisky and the ladies.



CHAPTER EIGHT



THE EMBERS from the camp fire that danced into the night sky had vanished by morning. A warm breeze drifted across the grassland. Few clouds dotted the sky. Dan finished placing the saddle on his horse. He walked over to Masters, kicking him on the side of his boot. Before his eyelids opened, his hand had pulled his gun from the holster.
Barry sat bolt upright grinning at the man.
“It’s time to ride back to the town,” said Dan.
“Don’t you think you’re a smidgeon early?” jeered Masters, looking slightly perplexed. He pushed his gun into the holster.
“I want front row seats. Besides, if anyone sees us, I want them to think nothing of our presence. I want to blend into the scenery. I don’t want anyone questioning why we’re in town,” explained Dan.
“What if we run into the hotel barman?” asked Barry.
“We’ll bid him a very good morning and go on our way.”
“In my opinion arriving in the town too early isn’t the right thing to do,” grumbled Masters.
Dan continued to ready himself for the short trip back into town. “You can always stay here.”
Masters placed his leather saddle on the back of his horse eyeballing Barry and Dan.
“If you don’t panic, we’ll be rich by mid-morning,” reassured Dan.
The three bushrangers slowly rode their horse towards the town, ambling along at a snail’s pace. They stopped at the first building and watched for human traffic.
Seeing no one, the three men dismounted outside the general store and tethered their horse to a verandah pole next to the water trough. Dan studied the entire length of the tiny town. Satisfied they hadn’t aroused any suspicion, he set out for the train station office.
Approaching the small solid brick building, the dirt under Dan’s feet felt rock hard. He stepped up to the small ticket window and watched a rake-thin man counting money. The large clock hanging from the wall still displayed the same time as the previous day.
Dan drummed his fingers on the glass office window, waiting for the man to look up.
Eventually, Dan growled at the man for ignoring him. “What time is the train due to arrive?”
The man counting the money froze in mid-count. He nodded at the clock. “In thirty-five minutes.”
Dan retraced his steps back to the lane. “The train’s half an hour out.”
“Forget the train, we’re here to rob the bank,” grumbled Masters.
“Have you forgotten what I told you last night? The train brings the money for the miners.”
“I thought you wanted to be inside the bank when the train arrives?”
“Correct.”
“Let’s start walking,” said Barry.
“Not yet,” insisted Dan. “If we’re seen loitering near the bank someone might get suspicious. A few months ago, I visited this ugly fly-blown town. I studied the antics of the payroll clerk at the bank. Every Tuesday he met the train, signed for the bags of money and escorted the one lonely lawman to the bank. A few minutes later they’d carry the gold to the train. The clerk puts the gold in the first carriage, locks the door, signs a form and returns to the bank. The entire event takes no longer than fifteen minutes.”
Masters’ eyes sparkled as he thought about his ideas. ‘If the Dayton brothers wanted to keep incidental secrets of the plan hidden from him, he’d resist the temptation to tell them of his plans which will hopefully lead them to their eventual demise, leaving him the only survivor.’ A sly smirk creased his face. “When’s the best time to strike?”
“The minute the clerk leaves the bank, we’ll enter and wait for his return. We’ll pretend to be customers. This time of the day there won’t be anyone doing banking business. The first person never arrives before eleven. When the clerk comes back carrying the money, he’ll lock the bank’s front door and place a sign in the window; ‘Closed for twenty minutes.’ I’ve seen the exact process at least a dozen times in about the same number of banks all over the state.”
The three men walked their horse up the slight incline towards the bank, turned into a side street and tied the reins to a post opposite the store selling stock feed. A young lad no older than twelve dipped his hat at the strangers then ran off towards the river carrying empty buckets.
“Where’s the exit route to get out of this two-bit town?” queried Masters.
“We’ll leave this town via the large tree,” said Dan, pointing. “Five feet into the scrub there’s a trail leading to the river. We’ll head upstream by walking in the water. If anyone sees us leave the town, they’ll have to decide whether to go upstream or down. If they assemble a posse to follow us, they’ll have to split. They’ll search for an exit point on the river bank. When they don’t find one, they’ll soon give up. We’ll walk in the water for an hour then ride out. We’ll go inland in a Westerly direction. In a couple of days, the heat will be off, and we’ll be home free.”
“If everything goes according to your plan,” stated Masters.
“I can’t see a problem,” said Barry.
“Me neither. I’ve gone over the entire plan at least twenty times in my mind. It’s flawless,” insisted Dan.
“I’ll go for a walk,” suggested Barry.
He casually entered the main street. A few feet from the lane he leaned against the wall of the general store watching how the street still faired.
Three young women dressed to impress in their long white dress and a knitted shawl draped across each of their shoulders didn’t give the man watching their every move eye contact as they went about their business of the day. A horse drawn wagon stopped outside the blacksmith’s stable directly across the street from the bank. Barry studied the lad sitting in the driver’s seat. The eleven-year-old waved at the stranger. The bushranger lit his cigar and blew smoke into the air. His right hand unintentionally touched the butt of his gun. The lad vanished inside the shop and talked to the Ferrier. Every few seconds he pointed at the horse. After shaking the Ferrier’s hand, the lad left the area.
Barry decided to walk towards the train line to appear to be waiting for the train to arrive. He pulled a round silver watch from his pocket, opened the lid and pretended to study the position of the hands.
‘9:59am.’
Two ladies hurried past him as the train whistled its arrival. Steam could be seen billowing through the scrub as the train slowed its approach to the station. Barry peeled himself from off the ticket office wall and quickly walked back to the narrow lane where Masters and his brother were waiting.
“How’s it all lookin’?” asked Dan.
“All is quiet on the main street,” he reported.
Dan whispered confidently. “Watch what is about to happen. If I’m correct, the bank clerk will open the door. He will light a smoke while studying the street. Walking towards the train station, he’ll crush his cig in the middle of the street.”
When the train stopped at the station, the three bushrangers walked to the bank. Inside the building, a grey-haired old woman and her balding husband were finishing their banking affairs.
“I thought you said no one would be in here this early,” whispered Barry in his brother’s ear.
Dan walked up behind the frail old man, grabbing him by the collar. Uncontested, Dan threw him through the air. The old man’s body slammed against the wall and crumpled to the floor. The old woman opened her mouth and looked ready to scream. Dan aimed his gun at her head and pulled the trigger. She died where she stood. Her husband quickly followed her to the pearly gates.
The bank teller behind the teller window slowly raised his hands into the air. “Please, take what you see and leave.”
Dan pointed his gun at the man, walked behind the counter, pushing him to the floor. He hovered menacingly over the bank teller, lifted his foot and pushed his boot against the man’s neck. He looked over his shoulder at Masters and his brother. “Grab what you can. We’ll wait for the bank clerk to bring the money.” He again stared at the bank teller squirming under his boot. “Where’s the key to the safe?”
“The bank clerk wears it around his neck.” The bank teller trembled uncontrollably. “Please, I don’t want to die. My wife is expected to give birth either today or tomorrow. I opened the bank and was going to ask Mr. Davies for the remainder of the week off.”
“Who’s Mr. Davies?”
“He’s the bank clerk.”
“You’re full of useful information, aren’t you? Is there anyone else in the bank?”
“Yes, there’s a young girl. She has permission from the local school to be here. She has to lead a debate on the positive side of banking. The main question she needs to find the answer to is how we guarantee your money is safe?”
Dan grunted. “I want you to bring the girl here to me.”
“Please, she’s only a child.”
Dan easily picked the man up and pushed him against the wall. He raised his colt .45, level to the man’s forehead. “I hope you’re not stupid enough to challenge my orders?”
The man’s Adam’s apple bobbed sharply. He shook his head. Not for a second did he take his stare off the barrel of the gun.
“I didn’t think so. Now go.”
The young man walked into the square safe room. The only furniture in the room was the large two door cupboard made out of redgum. For a short time, he stared at four piles of papers the size of a book on the floor. Tom stepped up to the cupboard and opened both doors. He motioned for the young girl to remain calm. He held out his hand, hoping to coax her off the cupboard’s middle shelf. He saw her stiffen. Her eyes were wide. She shook her head and started trembling from head to feet.
“I’m not going out there.”
“You have to. It will be okay. The robbers want the payroll from the train. When they have the money bags, they’ll go.”
“If those men see me, I will be shot dead. You will be dead too.”
Tom yanked the girl off the shelf, took hold of her wrist and dragged her scratching and kicking to where Dan was waiting.
The bushranger studied the girl from head to feet. A lustful grin swept his face. The loud ticking created by the large wall clock seemed to echo off the walls. The girl swallowed. She folded her arms to hide her young feminine appearance.
“How old are you?”
“I’ll be thirteen next year.”
“I hope you are telling me the truth?”
The girl completed several sharp nods. “I’ll be thirteen next August.”
Dan grabbed the girl by the arm and pushed her towards his brother. “Get rid of the rubbish. I don’t want any witnesses.”
“She might be a good hostage if things go wrong,” argued Barry.
“Nothing will go wrong. Do what I told you.”
“I’m not too thrilled about killing a kid.”
Dan scooted across the floor. Grabbing the girl by her shirt, he flung her against the wall. She stood next to the body of the dead old man and his wife, trembling from head to feet. The male bank teller was pushed against the wall next to the girl.
“If either of you make even the slightest noise, you’ll be talkin’ to the old man on the other side. Do you understand?” spat Barry through a locked jaw.
The girl made a slow, silent nod, slipping down the wall. She sat on the floor in a crumpled mess staring up at the three bushrangers. Fear drove every word from her mind. The young man squatted next to the girl.
Masters, loitering at the front window made a sharp whistle. “The clerk is on his way back. Dan, you’re correct about there being only one cop. The lawman has no idea what sort of surprise I’ll be giving him.”
Dan nudged Masters in the ribs. “Before the visitors arrive why don’t you go find a room where the hostages will be permanent residents?”
A hostile expression creased Masters’ brow. He grabbed both the girl and the bank teller by their shirt sleeve and hurriedly forced them into the back room. In the rough treatment, the banker’s crisp white shirt sleeve ripped. Masters slammed and locked the door.
The man quietly walked across the room. Reaching out, he tried to turn the doorknob.
“They have locked the door. The only thing we can do is sit tight.”
The girl sat staring at the floor too afraid to speak.
The bank teller walked back across the room. Hovering over the girl, he whispered. “Did you hear me? Those men have locked us in.”
The girl’s stare slowly drifted upwards from the floor. Tears were streaming down her face. Her mouth opened. Using his hand, the young man managed to muffle her scream in time.
“You have to stay quiet. If I take my hand away, do you promise not to scream?”
She nodded. Her eyelids were blinking rapidly. Her shoulders slumped. Her muscles relaxed.
“Please, it’s imperative you don’t scream. If we make a noise, those men out there, will take great delight in murdering us.”
The young man eased his hand slightly away from the girl’s mouth. Satisfied she wasn’t going to scream he removed his hand completely.
“Do you understand, when one of those men opens the door, we’re dead?” whispered the girl.
“We have to pray they’ll be too busy escaping and forget all about us.”
“They don’t appear to be the type to forget something so important. Besides, we’re in the same room as the safe.”
The young man’s eyes bulged. “In the stress I forgot. When they obtain the key to the safe, they’ll be in this room. We have to get out of here.”
The girl quietly walked across the room to the door.
“What are you doing?”
“Seeing how there’s no window the only way out of here is through the doorway. My sister and I used to lock ourselves in our parent’s room trying to get each other into trouble.”
“How will your childhood memories help us to unlock the door?”
“If the key is actually in the door lock, we’re home and hosed. I’m Amelia by the way.”
“I’m Tom Stephens.”
“Pleased to officially meet you; now let’s see to our escape.”
The two pushed their ear against the door, listening for any noise.
“I heard nothing,” whispered Tom.
“Same here.” Amelia squatted and looked through the keyhole. “Great news the key is in the lock. The only thing we have to do is push the key out and catch it on a large piece of paper when it hits the floor. It will be an easy task dragging the paper under the door. If all goes to plan, we’ll have the key in our hand in seconds.”
“There will be too much noise when the key hits the floor. Great idea, though.”
“Take your shirt off and slip it under the door. The material will dull the noise.”
Tom placed his shirt on the floor. He used his hands to iron the material flat. After pushing his tattered shirt under the door, he pulled a half pencil from his trouser back pocket.
“I have it for emergencies only. If the pencil I use to write in the ledger breaks I don’t want the customer to think I’m an amateur. I pull the pencil from my pocket and keep working.”
“Impressive. It’s a shame you’re married, or I’m not five years older,” said Amelia.
Tom’s face flushed red as he handed over the pencil. Amelia inserted the sharpened end into the keyhole and carefully pushed the end of the key.
“The hardest part of the trick is to push the key all the way out while keeping the lead tip of the pencil intact. If it breaks, the pencil will be too large to fit in the keyhole. If it happens, we’ll have to sharpen the pencil.”
“The task will take too long. Time is a luxury we don’t have,” whispered Tom.
The pair of amateur escape artists heard a muffled thud. Tom and Amelia held their breath listening for heavy footsteps. Eventually, Tom exhaled a long sigh. Amelia again looked through the keyhole. Her shoulders slumped.
“All clear,” she announced.
Tom dropped to all fours and looked under the door to size up the key.
“My shirt and the key are too thick to fit under the door.”
Amelia dropped to her knees to assess the situation. To have an unrestricted view, she pushed her long dark hair behind her left ear.
“What we need is a sheet of paper.”
“There’s a pile on the floor in front of the cupboard. Don’t move I’ll be right back.”
When Tom returned, he dropped to all fours and slid a small sheet of white paper under his shirt. Amelia slowly worked the material out of the way. When the key dropped silently on to the sheet of paper, she pulled the paper from under the door.
Amelia held the key as if it were a trophy.
Tom looked through the key hole for any sign of the bushrangers. They were too intent in staring out through the window waiting for their money to arrive than to be concerned over the two hostages locked in the small room.
“All’s clear,” whispered Tom. Inserting the key into the lock, he slowly twisted the key. He heard a click. He looked sideways at Amelia. “I have to open the door fast. If I don’t, there is always a loud squeak.”
“It doesn’t matter if you open the door fast or slow there’s a good chance the bushrangers will be alerted to our escape,” whispered Amelia.
Tom rubbed the stubble on his chin. “I’ll open the door only wide enough for you to slip out.”
“What about you?”
“Don’t fret about me. I want you to slip outside using the side entrance and sprint to the new police station. The run shouldn’t take you any longer than a few seconds.”
“I’m not leaving you here.”
“Please, you have to. It’s our only chance. You must convince the police officer to come.”
“What if I can’t?”
“You have to succeed. Amelia, my life depends on it.”
She nodded, kissed him on the cheek, and dropped to all fours. Placing his foot in exactly the right spot so he could use it for a stop, Tom winked at the girl.
“Ready?” asked Tom.
“I’m ready.”
“When the door hits my foot, I want you to slither out. Make sure you’re quiet. You might only have seconds before the robbers know what’s going on.”
“I pray you will stay safe,” whispered Amelia.
Tom gripped the door knob. He counted to three. He turned the knob and yanked. The door flew open. It came to a sudden stop against his foot. The squeak never happened.
In double quick time, Amelia crawled out of the room and towards the side entrance. She flashed Tom a blank look and vanished from sight.

# # # # # #

“From where I’m standing, I can see the bank clerk at the train talking to the lawman. They’re getting ready to walk here to the bank,” advised Masters.
Barry joined his comrades behind the bank door. He looked out of the window at the main street. From their vantage point, the bank clerk and the police officer could easily be seen unloading the last of the bags from the train. In total, there were eight bags on the ground. The clerk read the inked inscription on each bag. Satisfied they all belonged the ‘state bank of Victoria,’ he waved at the train driver, picked up four bags full of money and waited for the lawman to grab the remaining four bags. Both started walking back towards the bank at the same time.
“We’ll wait for the lawman to step into the bank,” sniggered Dan. “He’ll be the only one carrying a gun. The bank clerk is small, wiry; he looks a little nervous. He won’t be a problem.”
The bushrangers scurried about the room looking for a hiding spot. One hugged the side wall. The second bushranger hid behind the counter while the third hid behind the door.
The bank clerk placed the four money bags on the ground outside the bank door. He reached out, twisting the door handle. He used his foot to push the door open.
The clerk stepped across the threshold and into the bank.
Masters shot the lawman in the head when he stepped into the bank. Dan hurled the bank clerk across the room. He fell against the wall, floating to the floor in a bundle of rags. The four bags of money he held fell on top of him.
Masters slammed the door shut. He stepped over to the battered and bruised bank clerk. “Where’s the key to the safe?”
The clerk didn’t utter a word as he tossed the key at the bushranger.
“I told you he’d be no problem. Let’s get the loot. In seven minutes, I want to be gone,” insisted Dan, walking towards the room with the safe. His brother came next. Masters brought up the rear.
A gunshot echoed throughout the room. Blood splattered the walls. Masters crumpled to the floor. He had received a single bullet to the back of his head. Dan turned around, instinctively pointing his gun at the clerk. A single shot made the man exhale his last breath. Dan showed no remorse, pushing the colt .45 back into his holster. He glanced at Barry, shrugged his shoulders and stepped up to the closed safe room door.

# # # # # #

After giving Amelia enough time to escape, Tom slithered out of the room undetected. Quietly he closed the door to the safe room. When the clerk fired his gun, killing, Masters, Tom knew he didn’t have enough time to escape the same way Amelia did. He had to decide quickly to either stand up to the bushrangers or find a place to hide. Whichever decision he settled on; he must act without delay. Both ideas made his future look grim. His murder seemed inevitable. He couldn’t bear the thought of never seeing his wife again or know she’d be a widow before her time or have to bring up their baby on her own. Tears formed in his eyes.
Tom made his choice.
Whether he chose correctly or not, he must make his decision work.
Tom stepped back into the safe room. He frantically searched for a hiding place. His gaze fell upon the tall cupboard next to the safe. The size of the cupboard gave him a slim ray of hope. Swiping up more bundles of blank paper from off the cupboard’s only shelf, Tom made six piles on the floor. He stacked them to look as though they were supposed to be on the floor. He wriggled on to the shelf. He only just managed to pull the cupboard doors shut when the remaining two bushrangers stepped into the room.
Dan and Barry drooled over the six-foot cubed hunk of solid green painted metal. Scratches around the safe’s keyhole revealed the key scraped the surface many times by someone who might have been either tired or nervous.
Dan looked back at the dead clerk. “The man will never be nervous again.” He inserted the key into the lock. He heard a clunk when he turned the key. Twisting the door knob, he yanked the door open.
“Brother, it is pay day.”
“Let’s grab the loot and get out of here,” whispered Barry.
Together they swiped more than fifty stacks of pound notes. Each stack measured three inches thick and arranged in numerical order from the one-pound note to twenty pounds from left to right on the safe’s four shelves. The lower they got to the floor the larger the denomination of pound notes. The men emptied the safe, stuffing the money into the bags the police officer and the bank clerk carried to the bank. Dan groaned at the amount of effort he used to pick up four white calico bags from off the safe’s bottom shelf. He made a low whistle as he stared at the contents.
“Barry, there must be at least forty pounds of gold in these bags. We’ve struck it rich. This hoist will see us to the grave fifty years from now.”
“What about Masters?”
“What about him?”
“Shouldn’t we take his body?” questioned Barry.
“Leave him. We don’t have time. Already we’ve been in this bank for fifteen minutes. Three minutes too long.”
Dan and Barry made preparations to leave the bank. They grabbed all the bags and snuck out the side entrance to the bank. Barry tied two gold bags to his saddle then threw his saddle bag over the horse’s neck.
“How long do you think it’ll take before the train driver raises the alarm?”
“Not long.” Dan finished tying his bags of gold to the saddle and heaved his six-foot frame on to the back of his horse. “Did you kill the female and the male teller Masters locked in the back room?”
Barry stared awkwardly at his brother. “No, did you?”
He shook his head. “We have to go do it. If we don’t, they’ll give a detailed description of us.”
“We can’t go back. There’s no time,” whispered Barry.
“If we hurry, we’ll have enough time.”
“You stay here, I’ll walk to the end of the lane and steal a glance,” said Barry.
Dan took hold of the reins of Barry’s horse. He watched his brother walk quietly down the lane to the front of the bank and study the main street.
Barry couldn’t see a soul. He looked down the hill at the locomotive. It looked colder than snow. He switched his attention to the bank. Casually sidestepping to the window, he looked through the clean glass at the young girl talking to the lawman. She fidgeted while she appeared to be explaining in full detail about the robbery. Barry surmised his description and Dan’s would be written down. In a few hours their face will be on a wanted poster.
Barry quickly walked back to the lane. Out of sight of the main street, he sprinted for his horse. Glancing nervously at his brother he shook his head. They turned their horse at the same time and pushed their way into the scrub. They vanished in a cloud of dust.



CHAPTER NINE



“I DON’T understand why the two bushrangers didn’t murder you while they were still in the bank?” questioned the police officer. “It just doesn’t add up.”
“I’m glad they forgot,” said Amelia.
“It’s quite embarrassing not hearing the robbery, seeing how I’m budding for a promotion.”
“After walking into the police station for the first time, I can see why you didn’t know. The station sparkles.”
“I hope the big brass will understand.”
“I’m sure they will. If you arrest the robbers your reputation won’t be tarnished,” declared Amelia.
“It’s a bit late now. The bushrangers are gone.”
Amelia shook her head. “The longer you wait, the harder it will be to catch them.”
“I can’t leave now. If the big boys arrive and find me gone, I might be overlooked, for the promotion. The message they sent me yesterday stipulated I must be here. No exceptions. When they leave, I’ll go find the thieves. While I’m waiting for the high-rakee to arrive, I’ll write a complete report on the robbery. Hopefully, the big boys will be impressed by my thoroughness. By the way, I’m Police Officer Adam Stapleton.”
“Pleased to officially meet you,” said Amelia.
Stapleton looked a little sheepish, continuing his conversation. “I owe you an apology for not believing the story about a robbery in progress. I didn’t mean to give you a difficult time. I have worked hard to have this police station ready. I wanted today to be memorable. If the new police station works in this town, the government has hinted they might implement the idea to have a police station in every town in Victoria based on the new style.”
Amelia patted his shoulder. “I reckon this day could be written in the history books. I’m certain the government will easily see the prototype station outshines the old style.”
“Here’s hoping you are correct.”
“Not hearing the gunshots could have happened to anyone,” suggested Amelia.
“Yes, I suppose you’re correct. To make amends of the fact I vow nothing will stop me from finding the missing money and gold.” Stapleton viewed the body of Masters. “There’s one for the books. What sort of men would leave their friend behind?”
“Cold-blooded murderers,” snarled Tom, announcing his presence. He’d come out of his hiding place and walked up behind Amelia. She turned, hugging him tight.
“I promise I’ll never tell a soul about what I’m about to do.” Amelia kissed Tom square on the lips. She grinned at his shocked reddening face. He quickly back stepped away from her sudden friendliness.
Stapleton shook Tom’s hand. “You did a brave thing; getting the girl out of the bank to raise the alarm. You might have been shot.”
“The thought never left my mind,” whimpered Tom.
Stapleton slapped him on the shoulder and stepped over to the corner of the bank. Hovering over the old deceased couple, the clerk, the lawman from the train and Masters, he stared directly at the five murdered victims in turn. He scooted off to the washroom. He returned carrying small towels and placed one over each of the corpse’s head.
“Covering the face of the victims doesn’t help much seeing how I witnessed the murders,” mentioned Amelia.
“I know. I feel it’s my duty,” advised Stapleton.
“Thanks for your thoughtfulness.”
“Now I’ve given you some time to settle your nerves after such a horrific experience, I want to ask you to think back. Tell me what the robbers looked like.”
“I have already told you everything I know,” Amelia scolded.
“I’d like to commend you on the detailed description of the two men. Is there anything else you noticed? For example; did either of the men limp? Or did one of them have a scar on their face? Anything extra you can remember will be a bonus.”
“The taller man boasting a short beard used a silver colt .45. The horse with a long mane rearing up on its hind legs on the side of the hand grip was engraved in gold.”
“The gun sounds rare. When I find the gun, I’ll know I’ve found the correct man.”
“I have to say a slight correction in my statement,” said Amelia.
Stapleton lifted his head, his pencil poised in the air.
“The bushranger carried two identical silver guns. They matched his gun belt.”
“The information you’ve just said is certainly worth further investigation. There’s been a report of a recent train robbery. Three men fitting your description of at least two of the bushrangers stole two guns and a gun belt. I know the name of the young lady who owns the guns. She relayed in detail of the robbery of the commuters to the train station employee, who in turn passed the story on to me. He also added something about a rare blue diamond ring.”



CHAPTER TEN



JESSICA EVENTUALLY dried her eyes. She turned away from the place where Lightening Dawn entered the bush. Walking towards the horses, she knew anything developing between her and Lightening was over. She told herself a nice man will come into her life in the not-too-distant future, winning her heart.
A noise deep in the scrub forced her to squat behind a narrow tree. Her eyes bulged at thinking the bushrangers might have discovered her. The argument between her and Lightening Dawn took precedence over the fact the outlaws could have been close enough to listen in.
Jessica’s gun belt dangled off the side of her saddle under the tree where she left it. To reach the tree, she’d have to walk across cleared ground. Jessica could feel her tears welling up again. She wanted to kick herself for being unprepared. Alone in the middle of the bush was not exactly what she thought might be a prosperous future.
A dried twig snapped. Without moving her head Jessica used her peripheral vision to study the scrub. She was searching for movement, a shadow, a leaf falling from a tee. Anything she could see that might give up the location of what had made the noise.
Jessica sighed quietly. “Get a grip,” she heard herself whisper. “The only person who will help turn the table on this bad situation is going to be me. The chances of the bushrangers were in Cooee of the waterhole would be remote at best. A kangaroo or wallaby probably made the noise.”
Jessica studied the tall, spindly tree she chose to crouch behind. She looked to her right and behind her. The closest tree which could hold her weight seemed in reach. She studied the area noting no sign of life. Holding her breath, she remained dead quiet. A butterfly floated past her eyes. She knew she must to be quiet as the butterfly. Dry leaves carpeted the hard ground between her spindly tree and the one she could climb for refuge. Only ten feet of open ground separated her from the tree. If the bushrangers were close, she hoped they’d look through the scrub and not up. If they did, she hoped the leaves on the branches would provide at least some camouflage. For the second part of her plan, she must find three large rocks the size of her hand. When she found them, she could climb the tree. High above the ground, she’d wait for the bushrangers to be directly underneath then drop a rock on their head. If a kangaroo made the noise, she would simply wait for it to move on.
At the base of the tree, Jessica decided to climb, she spied two of the three rocks.
Jessica again looked around the area for a sign of life, getting ready for her stealth move. With one last look at the scrub, she stepped into the open. Slowly she walked across the leaf covered ground, careful not to make any noise. When her fingers touched the bark of the tree, Jessica stepped behind the three-foot round trunk, christening it her own. She squatted, swiped up two palm sized rocks from off the ground then searched for a third. When she picked up the rock, she commenced to climb.
Her feet had barely left the ground when a strong arm slithered around her waist. The man easily pulled her away from the tree. Jessica opened her mouth to scream. Her lips were instantly clamped shut by a large hand. Her wide round eyes stared at the face of her warden. The three rocks she held landed at her feet.
“I caught you by surprise,” whispered the man in her ear.
His words bit into Jessica’s spirit. “Is it a good or bad thing?”
The man had successfully emerged from the bush undetected. Jessica knew she must improve her detection skills if she wanted to be more proficient than him.
The man’s strong arms lifted her off the ground. Jessica remained suspended in mid-air looking directly at the man. “I guess I’ll have to surrender.”
Lightening Dawn looked directly at Jessica. “I want to apologize for leaving you. Soon after I entered the scrub to go walk-a-bout I realized I didn’t want to go. My place is here, standing next to you. Where you go, I will be. When I said before it’s a great honor to be known as your husband and you are my, what you call, ‘wife,’ I meant every word. I will protect you all the days of my life.”
Lightening placed Jessica gently back onto terra firma.
“Do you have any idea what you’re up against?”
Lightening caressed the side of Jessica’s cheek a few times, pushing the hair from her face.
“Yes, I’ve been thinking of what people might say behind our back. Their haughtiness and cruel constant ridicule will be endless. White man’s words have never concerned me in the past. Why start now?”
“What about your plans to go walk-a-bout?”
“I’m still going.”
Jessica pouted. Lightening tightened his grip and kissed her. Eventually he lovingly pushed her to arm’s length.
“I’ve decided when I go walk-a-bout I will ask you to come. We go walk-a-bout together. If Gip and her brothers are still living under our roof, they can come too.”
“I love the idea!” squealed Jessica.
To her, Lightening Dawn spoke the exact words she longed to hear. She could no longer fight the love pangs exploding out of control in the pit of her stomach. Jessica wrapped her arms around Lightening’s neck and kissed him. Their embrace tightened, reaching an intensity which could only be toppled by surrendering herself to the man.
Lightening Dawn felt Jessica’s muscles relax. She felt like putty in his arms. He only had to lay her on the ground. There’d be no struggle, no fight. She had already surrendered.
Jessica could feel his masculinity taking over. She must act quickly if she wanted to stay in control of the situation. She fought the surrender feeling. Jessica wanted above anything to say. ‘Lightening Dawn, take me, I’m yours. Lay me down so you can have your way.’
Jessica managed to push him to arm’s length.
The man backed off, looking beyond hurt.
Jessica whispered lovingly. “Please, understand my point of view of what I desire. When a man and a woman get, ‘what we white people say, married,’ there is a wedding ceremony in which they pledge their love for one another. After the dinner, there is the wedding night. To me, this part is an important memory. I must ask you to wait.”
“I know about the ceremony. I love you enough to understand it is a deep, meaningful thing you desire.”
Jessica sobbed uncontrollably, snuggling hard against Lightening Dawn’s chest. “Thank you for revealing to me the man I thought you’d be. The words you’ve spoken have shown me you are a decent, kind, lovable human being.”
“I promise this wedding night you deserve will be memorable. In future years I expect you to be able to look back on your night and remember your night was perfect and the man you said ‘yes to,’ definitely lived up to your expectations.”
Jessica’s spirit leaped. She could hardly wait to find out how he planned to make their night unforgettable. Nothing mattered anymore. She wanted to stay next to Lightening Dawn. She looked sideways at the man. “I don’t care what people say; I want you in my life.”
Lightening and Jessica mounted their horse. They were close enough for their leg to touch. Jessica felt a tingling sensation roaming through her entire body. The butterflies fluttering in the pit of her stomach were rampant. The feeling instantly made the tingling sensation stronger, warming her spirit. It resembled the warmth from an open fire on a cold winter’s night. Jessica smiled seductively at the man. She didn’t set out to find love. She certainly didn’t expect to find it in the middle of the bush or with a man who had the skin the color of the midnight hour. How she longed to feel him inside her. The more she thought about the future, the more intense the sensation grew. Her thoughts began to change. They were subtle at first but quickly escalated.
The union between a black man and a white woman will be nothing less than scandalous. Lightening Dawn and Jessica Hayes; their names will be on everyone’s lips if they ever discovered their secret. They would be shunned, or at the very least frowned upon. She didn’t know how their relationship might work. The law, the church and the people in the town would see to it they’d never be married.
At that exact moment, Jessica decided whatever the controversy, she didn’t care. She never wanted to lose sight of Lightening Dawn again.
Lightening happened to be thinking along the same lines. The warm fuzzy feeling he felt on the inside strengthened as he chewed over the problem of their union for the umpteenth time. “Are you okay?” he asked, looking at Jessica.
“I’m fine.”
Lightening’s deep masculine voice took Jessica by surprise. She had never heard him use such a serious tone. The pitch gave away how he felt about her. She knew he loved her too. He already showed how much he cared about the ‘white woman’ as he put it. Her dead husband rarely cared about anything or anyone except himself. He was only interested in making money. He always complained he didn’t have enough. Lightening Dawn was a man with deep feelings. He already admitted he’s one with the Australian bush. Now he sat looking directly at her blue eyes.
Lightening stopped both horses in the middle of a small clearing. He said seriously. “If the law is ever changed or stays the same, I don’t care. If I have to act as a common worker on the sheep station in front of anyone who stops for a meal or for a chat; it’s good enough for me. I want to be next to you for the remainder of my days. I want nothing more than to shower my love on you.”
“Thank you for the kind words. I feel at long last a bubble of fresh air has settled over me.”
“You were the one thing missing in my life. I am now complete,” confessed Lightening Dawn.
“How did you know I happened to be thinking along the same lines?” queried Jessica.
“I feel as though I’ve known you my entire life. I believe we fit perfectly together. When I was little my mother told me, a bush saying. ‘How does a mother bird know to come back to the same place to feed her young after flying off in search of food?”
Jessica’s eyebrows angled to a point trying to unravel the bush meaning.
“She knows. It’s instinct. She does all she can to protect her babies from any danger. I will do the same.”
“I love that fact,” whispered Jessica. “You help me to feel we do belong together. The feeling seems to double every few minutes. I can’t see it ever waning.”
Lightening Dawn leaned sideways. He lovingly slapped her on the leg. “I too have the feeling. When we unite as one, I know the elders in my tribe could easily reject me, but I don’t care.”
Jessica felt shattered at hearing his words. Aborigines never wanted to be disowned by their tribe. Staring at Lightening Dawn, she realized how she felt could never be. She looked away. She didn’t want him to see her tears. Lifting her trembling hand, she made a move to angrily swipe her tears from her eyes. They kept coming. She knew she must let the man go.
Lightening dismounted and walked over to Jessica’s horse. He raised his hands and hooked his fingers under her belt. With a massive yank, Jessica slipped off her horse and was coiled tighter than a spring in his arms.
“Leave me alone,” she growled.
“You don’t mean what you said.”
“I sure do Mister.”
Lightening lowered his head. When he whispered in her ear, his breath felt warm. Jessica fought hard not to listen. When he kissed her square on the lips for such a long time her hardened heart melted. She hugged his neck.
“I never say anything I don’t mean,” whispered Lightening.
“What if you aren’t welcome back into your tribe?”
“If I can’t talk my tribe around to my side of the rabbit fence; I have already made my decision to be by your side forever. Many summers have gone since the day I went walk-a-bout. I have never been back. I probably never will.”
“It’s a sad thought,” whispered Jessica, almost breathless.
Lightening placed Jessica on her feet. He shook his head.
“I made my bed; I will lay in it. I will never change my decision in wanting to leave my tribe, nor will I ever think I have made the wrong choice in taking you for my wife.”
“I still think never seeing your friends or family again is a sad thing.”
“You won’t ever see your family again.”
“It’s different. My entire family is dead.”
Lightening Dawn placed his arm over Jessica’s shoulders. The gap between them vanished.
“Yes, you are correct. I have everything I want here in the Australian outback. You, Jessica Hayes, are my family.”
Jessica’s face flushed red at his courteous words. She watched him down his left knee as he looked up at her.
“What are you doing?” Jessica looked shocked at asking the question she already knew the answer to. Her mind went into a tumble dive. She tried to slow her breathing to help in beating her excitement into submission. She failed miserably. Her heart pounded hard against her chest. The palms of her hands turned into a sticky mess. Tears filled her eyes. Before she could blink, water covered her cheeks.
Lightening held both of Jessica’s hands so she couldn’t wipe her eyes dry. Come what may she had to take what he was about to dish out head on.
Lightening cleared his throat. Jessica could feel his hands were beginning to tremble. Sweat had broken out near his temples. She watched a drop trickle down the side of his face.
‘Evidently, he must be a nervous wreck; the same as me,’ thought Jessica.
Somewhere in a nearby tree, a kookaburra laughed. The noise painted a nervous smile on Jessica’s face.
“I believe I have to officially ask you, Jessica Hayes, to please consider the possibility of being my wife?”
Lightening’s voice sounded serious. The look on his face hammered home the seriousness of his question. Jessica’s stomach churned into such a tight knot it strangled her lungs. Any slight hesitation might see the man walk out of her life forever. Before she could utter a reply, her head started to nod.
“Yes,” she whispered. “A thousand times, yes.”
Lightening Dawn elevated Jessica off the ground. He couldn’t wait to kiss his fiancé. The kookaburras and the kangaroos were the only witnesses to their passion. Jessica made up her mind the bond between them will surpass any trial and stand strong against the sands of time.
They walked over and sat on a tree stump, quietly contemplating what they vowed. Neither wanted to be the first to make a noise that might spoil the scene. For the second time Jessica’s heart pounded against her rib cage. Although she never wanted a man in her life again, here she sat next to a man she’d fallen in love with. They were engaged. She pondered the ramifications of the last three words for a long time.
Lightening leaned sideways. “Thank you for agreeing to marry me. If at some point in the future you change your mind I will understand.”
“I’ll never change my mind. I don’t care what other people might say. God brought us together for a reason. I’m going to make sure we stay together.”
Lightening looked behind him. Reaching down, he picked the small yellow flower growing near the tree stump and pushed it into Jessica’s hair. It sat in full bloom behind her left ear.
Jessica touched the flower, anchoring it further into her hair. She boasted a proud expression.
“I have some news,” Lightening whispered. “We are in walking distance to the camp of the bushrangers.”
“How can you tell?” questioned Jessica trying to look through the bush.
“I can smell the smoke from their campfire. The bushrangers are in the valley on the other side of the hill.”
At that precise minute, Jessica didn’t care about the bushrangers or her belongings. The only thing she wanted was to sit next to Lightening Dawn to think of the future they were walking into.
“Let’s forget about my belongings. I want to get back to the Rosedale.”
“We came this far; we’ll retrieve what is yours so we can begin a new life together.”
The idea of letting the bushrangers think they won by allowing them to leave the state, never to be seen or heard of again, echoed throughout Jessica’s mind. At the end of the day, she didn’t need the guns or the blue diamond ring to be happy. She only wanted to be held in Lightening’s arms. The idea of her stolen possessions seemed to have taken a back seat. Jessica displayed a wiry smile. She wanted the action to relay a message, Lightening Dawn was the most important thing in her life.
“I don’t think it’s such a good idea going for what the bushrangers stole from me.”
“Why not?” asked Lightening.
“I don’t want you to get shot.”
“I don’t want to see you shot either. I understand the way you’re thinking. I believe if we don’t take back what belongs to you, the idea might be a stumbling block between us in future years.” Lightening Dawn placed his arm around Jessica’s waist. “Everything will be fine. I want you to stay here. I shouldn’t be more than ten minutes.”
Lightening Dawn’s genuine sincerity for her safety happened to be the final hurdle Jessica searched for in a man. His words and actions had more than won over her heart.
Jessica pushed him to arm’s length. A determined expression replaced her soft feminine look. “We don’t want to lose each other, so we’ll do this together. We’ll sneak in, grab the stuff then sneak out. If luck is on our side, the bushrangers will never know we were there. The quicker we are, the sooner we can look upon our secure future. I don’t want to be the one to create a stumbling block.”
“If we did retreat to the safety of the Rosedale, what great story could we pass on to our children or our grandchildren?”
Jessica and Lightening pulled their gun out of their holster. Crawling through the dense scrub, they snaked their way up the hill. On the crest, they viewed the valley below. The camp fire Lightening could smell appeared small. Through the fading light, Jessica could see two figures. Both were sitting on either side of the fire staring at the flames.
Jessica studied the sky. “It’s late afternoon. If we wait for the rain to start the noise will mask our arrival.”
“I love how you think. The rain is definitely on the way,” Lightening informed pointing to the shrinking blue horizon. “Thunder might come too.”
“The two bushrangers seem to be settling down for the night,” whispered Jessica.
Lightening Dawn pointed to a thick tall tree a short distance from the fire. “The bushrangers’ saddles have been placed on the ground and are covered by large tree branches.”
“I commend them on their care,” jeered Jessica.
“Maybe they don’t want a wet arse,” Lightening chuckled.
Jessica beckoned Lightening to follow her back to their horses.
They snaked their way down the slope undetected. By the time they got to the bottom of the hill, the billowing black clouds were almost upon them.
“You were correct about the rain,” said Jessica seeing the first drop of water land about her feet. She pulled a small watch from her pocket. “It’s exactly 300pm. One of these days you will have to teach me the secret on how to predict the weather.”
“It will be a pleasure. There’s only one thing still troubling me,” Lightening added.
“What?”
“I thought you told me three bushrangers held up the train?”
“There were three, yes. One rode a grey mare; the other two rode black stallions.”
“I counted only two figures sitting at the fire and three horses,” said Lightening.
Jessica’s eyes bulged. She pulled Lightening Dawn down behind a dead tree. She studied their surrounds and discovered no clues to afirm if they were being watched by the third bushranger. Lightening studied the scrub too. He wanted to be positive the missing man wasn’t about to shoot Jessica. His keen eyesight focused in on the many trees. The branches in easy reach of the ground and every leaf and weed were studied. Jessica looked back up the side of the low hill. Their tracks were the only evidence of any disturbance.
“There’s nothing to suggest the third bushranger is anywhere near us,” whispered Jessica.
“I too can’t find a single broken twig. He’s not in the trees or hiding on top of the hill. Although there’s evidence the third bushranger is around in the shape of the third horse and the saddle, we must keep a watchful eye out for the missing man. There’s no way of knowing when he might sneak up on us.”
“I think we should take another look at the two blokes. We might be able to figure out if they are waiting for him to arrive,” suggested Jessica.
Lightening Dawn led the charge up the hill. Instead of leaping over a fallen tree trunk which lay across their path he helped Jessica to crawl around it. On their return trip, he’d rake the leaves to mask their retreat.
From behind a small bush on the crest of the hill, Jessica and Lightening looked down on the campsite. For a long time, they observed the two men eating a small meal oblivious to the fact two people were watching their every move.
“I reckon there is only two men,” whispered Lightening Dawn. He switched his attention to the bush on the other side of the hill.
“If those two are waiting for the third to arrive they don’t show any signs,” stated Jessica.
“If the third bushranger is close, I can’t see him.”
“When it’s dark we’ll sneak into their camp. After we have tied the two men, I’ll persuade them to tell us where the third man is. Hopefully, we won’t have to use force. After we have the info, we’ll grab our possessions, set their horses free and leave. There’s no way the men will catch us on foot and in the dark.”
Lightening Dawn gave the camp one last look and followed Jessica back to their horse.



CHAPTER ELEVEN



TO GET ready for their surprise ambush Lightening Dawn cut six short lengths of rope from the one hanging on the side of his saddle. Jessica walked their two horses to a luscious patch of green grass growing under a tree. On her return, she collected Lightening. Together they climbed to the halfway point on their side of the hill. They sat in silence observing the billowing black clouds. The sky seemed to be alive. The few ribbons of sunlight filtering through the canopy of the trees had vanished, blanketing the hill in a grey eerie light. The wild flowers growing on the hill were closing for the evening.
On the horizon, lightning lit the sky. The first clap of thunder vibrated the ground. By 4:00pm, the rain changed from drizzle to a downpour. Thunder and lightning rolled together. Arcs of lightning flashed from one side of the sky to the other. The wind howled through the trees. The tall grass growing on the hill thrashed about.
“The storm looks bad,” whispered Jessica.
“I too have been taken by surprise at the fierceness of the storm. The lack of birds has signaled the storm could get far worse before it has blown itself out,” said Lightening Dawn.
“Maybe it’s a blessing. If we accidently make any noise we’ll never be heard,” advised Jessica.
“True. Thanks to the storm, I’m positive if the third bushranger is guarding the camp, he’d have abandoned his post by now.”
Jessica and Lightening Dawn crawled through the scrub to the top of the hill. Water poured off their wide-brimmed hat. Arcs of lightning lit the sky highlighting the two bushrangers and their dying fire. Over the sound of the wind and the rain, Jessica and Lightening Dawn could hear the men singing.
“I don’t understand why the bushrangers seem extra jovial sitting under large leaves in the middle of a storm?” said Jessica.
“Judging by the empty whisky bottles littering the area I’d say they may be celebrating another robbery.”
“It’s a good sign. The more they drink, the easier it’ll be to sneak into their camp.”
The surrounding bush quickly darkened; the rain clouds were midnight black in color. Jessica and Lightening Dawn watched the men staggering around trying to save the fire. Eventually, the flames surrendered to the rain.
“It’s time,” hissed Jessica. She pulled her gun from the holster and cocked the trigger.
Lightening Dawn copied her. Jessica made a move towards the bushranger’s camp. She stopped when she felt a tug on her arm.
“I’ll do everything in my power to make certain of your safety. I want you to take extra care. Take no unnecessary risks. Keep in mind there is still no sign of the third bushranger.”
“Thank you. Your words mean everything to me,” admitted Jessica. “I think we should change our plans. If we can sneak past the bushrangers without them knowing, we should grab the items and get the hell out of there.”
“It might be the best idea,” agreed Lightening.
Together they slid down the grass covered hill towards the camp. The two bushrangers were drunk and too covered from the rain to know visitors were standing only inches away. Their leafy roof seemed quite effective. Their boots were the only part getting wet.
Lightening Dawn watched the bush while keeping his gun trained on the two lumps buried under the branches and leaves. Jessica walked across the waterlogged ground of their camp towards the horses, thankful they didn’t make a noise. She found the saddle bags and the saddles at the base of the tree the horses were tethered to.
The first bulging saddlebag strained against the leather straps. Jessica set to work on the knot. Every few seconds she’d stop undoing the knot and listened to the sound of rain water hitting the leaves of the trees. Finally, Jessica opened the leather flap. Looking inside, her eyes bulged at the contents. Jessica pulled the first white calico bag out and read the inscription on the side.
‘Property of the State Bank of Victoria.’
From where Lightening Dawn stood, watching Jessica and the two men under the leaves, he started to fidget. He dripped from sweat. His feet felt hot. He wanted to ask; ‘what is keeping you so long. We have to get out of here.’ Lightening saw Jessica grin. She beckoned him over.
Lightening Dawn quietly sidestepped over to the horses, being careful not to make any undue noise. Keeping the barrel of his gun riveted on the two sleeping bushrangers, he saw that the bag was stuffed full of pound notes ranging from one to twenty. Lightening muffled his high-pitched whistle. Jessica placed the bag on the ground and started untying the knot on the next bag. The contents of the second bag were the same as the first. Searching the last four bags, her eyes bulged at seeing them stuffed full of gold nuggets. Jessica placed the calico bags with the gold in them on the ground next to the money bags. She pushed her hand to the bottom of the first saddle bag. Her fingers wrapped themselves around a small object. She pulled it out. The sparkle in her eyes revealed she had discovered what they came to find. Jessica slipped the blue diamond ring on her finger, placed all eight calico bags back into the saddle bags then retrieved her gun belt and the two-solid silver colt 45’s hanging from a saddle. Stone faced, she dropped the gun belt she wore around her waist, replacing it with the other. Stooping, she picked up the old gun belt and placed the lot over the saddle.
Jessica started to chew on an idea which seemed to have the implications of a perfect frame up. Never to be concerned about money or the bushrangers ever coming after her possessions thrilled her to the bone.
‘Severance pay,’ she decided. ‘If you steal, you must pay back ten times. It’s what the good book states.’ Whispering in Lightening’s ear, she continued. “We’ll go back to the first plan, only, this time, we’ll take the saddles and the horses.”
Lightening Dawn placed a saddle on the first horse. When he finished strapping a saddle to the other two horses, he gathered up the reins.
Jessica and Lightening walked the horses quietly over to the first lump whose boots were soaked. Water dripped off the souls in a torrent. Jessica hovered over the two lumps lying on the ground. She contemplated putting a bullet in the head of both bushrangers. She watched Lightening Dawn slip a short piece of rope around both the bushranger’s ankles, tethering the two men together.
Neither bushranger stirred.
Above Jessica’s head, lightning flashes lit the sky. She kicked the first lump on the heel of his boot.
The lump didn’t move.
Jessica froze, thinking they had walked into a trap. She frantically studied the scrub expecting the three bushrangers to be standing under a tree watching their every move.
Noting the rain had eased to a drizzle, Jessica heard water dripping off the leaves on the trees. The thunder had ceased. Lightning arcs were less frequent. In the wet, semi-darkness, the trees resembled giants with grotesque arms reaching out to grab a hold of Jessica when she got too close.
Jessica heard a slight groan. The first lump under the leaves sat upright. Jessica pointed the barrel of her gun directly at his face.
The bushranger opened an eye. He sat staring at the end of the short metal tube.
Jessica spat through gritted teeth. “The next bullet I shoot from my gun has your name on it. I suggest you don’t move.”
Dan opened both eyes. “Who are you?”
“I’m your worst nightmare,” she chimed.
“I’ll be the judge,” announced Dan.
“I want you to lie on the ground, placing your hands behind your back,” growled Jessica.
“If I won’t, what will you do?”
Jessica pulled the trigger of her gun.
Dan fell back onto the ground moaning. He kicked out. To his horror, both his feet were tied to the second lump lying next to him.
Barry groaned. As he sat, he glared at the two uninvited visitors. He reached for his gun.
“Don’t do it,” cautioned Lightening Dawn.
“I don’t want to see either of you twitch,” warned Jessica. She swept the end of her gun between the two bushrangers.
“You shot me,” groaned Dan.
“You’ll live. It’s only a flesh wound. Take note of my warning. The next time I shoot I’ll put a bullet in your head. I’ve already dug one grave; another two will be just as easy,” snarled Jessica.
“Why did you shoot me?”
“You don’t know the reason?”
“No, I’ve never seen you in my life.”
Jessica swiped her wide-brimmed hat from her head. “Are you sure? Take a closer look.”
“No, never have.”
“Let me jog your memory. Do you remember our meeting at the train you robbed?”
“No. I’ll have it known we’ve never robbed a train.”
“Do you remember stealing my guns or the blue diamond ring?”
“No.”
“Are you positive?”
“Yes.”
“Where’s the third bushranger?”
“We’re not bushrangers. Barry and I are alone. We’re gold prospectors. We arrived yesterday. We lived in hope to strike it lucky. There’s a strong rumor flowing across the land there’s gold in the ground around these parts.”
“I’m not here to debate the issue.” Jessica pointed her gun at Barry and asked her question again.
“We left our family hoping to strike it lucky. We don’t have much food. You’re more than welcome to take it.”
Jessica studied the face of both men. They were wet and looked a mess. Doubt flashed into her mind. She must be certain these were the two men who robbed her. She’d wait patiently for the bushrangers to use their unique mannerisms. The same ones they used when they robbed the train.
In the uncomfortable silence, Lightening Dawn stood guard.
“You came up from Melbourne?” questioned Jessica.
“Yes,” said Barry.
“Explain why there are bags of gold in your saddle bags?”
Dan grunted. “We struck it rich over the last couple of months in Ballarat. When the veins of gold dried up, we shifted our attention to here.”
“You sound convincing,” said Jessica.
“It’s the truth,” Barry replied.
In a bold move, Jessica stepped closer to Dan so he could have a closer look at her gun belt.
“Explain to me why the bags have the words, ‘property of the state bank of Victoria,’ stamped on the sides?”
“When we went to the bank, we were given the white calico bags. We already converted some gold into pound notes. The bank clerk told me to come back in a couple of days.”
“Did he?”
“My brother speaks the truth,’ insisted Barry. “Please believe us. I haven’t seen my wife in six months. I want to go home.”
“How did you come across my guns and the blue diamond ring?”
“I found the items in the bush yesterday. They were being guarded by a dead man.” Dan clicked his fingers at Jessica’s belt. “Give.”
“You’re acting skills almost convinced me,” scoffed Jessica. “Thank you for using the exact words you spoke when you robbed me of my guns and the blue diamond ring. I knew in time if I got you chatting, you’d slip up. You did. I now know for certain you are two of the three who robbed me. Where’s the third man?”
“We have no idea who you are talking about,” answered Barry.
“The third man is dead,” admitted Dan.
“Tell them nothing,” snarled Barry.
“Are you the law?” questioned Dan.
For the question, Lightening gave him a clip behind the ear followed by a jab to the jaw. “We aren’t the law,” he said.
“Take anything you want. Please, don’t shoot us,” said Dan.
“Now we’re getting cooperation. Doesn’t it make you feel all warm inside?” asked Jessica.
“Sure does. The money and the gold are actually from our last bank job,” said Dan.
“Brother, I beg you, don’t tell them nothin’,” urged Barry.
“The money you stole from the bank, we’ll take every pound note for severance pay. I’ll tell you a word of warning as my main man ties both of you up to the tree. If I ever see either of you again, especially if you come looking for the money you stole from the bank or my guns or my blue diamond ring, I’ll shoot you dead. Now drop your gun belts and crawl over to the closest tree.” To hammer her warning home, Jessica kicked both men in the ankle.
In no more than two minutes Jessica and Lightening Dawn bid the men goodbye. They rode off into the night, taking three spare horses, the gold, the money and the bushranger’s guns.
“They’ll come wanting their goods, not to mention the bags of gold, your guns, and the blue diamond ring,” warned Lightening.
Jessica displayed a confident expression. “Let them come. I have a strong long handle shovel waiting to be used.”



CHAPTER TWELVE



“WHY DID you tell them to take everything?” moaned Barry.
Dan strained against the rope that secured him to the tree. His confident facial expression had been replaced hours earlier by a look of pure evil. Revenge seemed permanently impregnated into his mind and forever glued to his lips. He trembled from head to feet in rage.
“I wanted to convince them we’re a soft touch,” said Dan. “I’m itching for a fight. When we escape from these ropes, we’ll track them down. I can assure you, brother; we’ll take back more than what they stole from us. I want their land, their money, their horses, cows, sheep, and anything else of value. I want it all. Mark my words, when I have everything, they own I will murder them. Brother, there is no way I’m having our gold, our money including the time I took in the planning of the robbery to have the loot slip from our fingers. The money is going to see us through for the remainder of our life. The minute I set my gaze on the shiela from the train I knew she was trouble. Seeing how she came looking for a fight, I’m going to give it to her.”
Dan again leaned forward, straining his torso against the rope. He frantically darted his head from side to side looking for something to cut the rope. Finally leaning his back against the tree, he looked exhausted.
“The woman must think she’s so clever in the way she cleared the bush around the tree. There’s nothing I can use to cut the rope.”
“Brother, revenge has clouded your eyes. If you look towards me, the tree has a rough edge where a kangaroo must have broken off a low branch. The wood has dried making the stub look sharp. If I could move, I’d wriggle sideways. The black man tied the rope so tight around my waist I feel any sudden movement will saw me in half.”
Dan spied the wooden outcrop only inches from his left wrist. He shuffled painfully slow towards it. A full minute had ticked off before he could position the rope over the wooden stub. He looked at Barry. “When we find the woman, we’ll teach her a new meaning of the word, ‘clever’.”
Dan furiously set to work by jigging up and down. The strands which made up the outer layer of the rope started to snap. Several times he stopped, completely exhausted. When his strength eventually returned, he again attacked the rope.
“By the looks of things, you might be there for quite a while,” stated Barry, assessing the work.
“I don’t care how long it takes; I have one goal in mind and I am determined to reach it.”
Dan took forty-five minutes to pull his arms free of the rope. For several minutes, he leaned his back against the tree unable to move. Slowly blood flowed freely through the veins in his arms. The numbness in his hands diminished. He clawed his way to a standing position. He stared directly at his brother, whispering through gritted teeth.
“I can smell our money. I’ll have you free in a minute.”
Dan snatched up a small rough rock at the edge of the un-cleared area. He marched back to his brother. In a few minutes, he’d successfully scraped the rope away from his arms.
“Barry, let’s go. Remember, whatever the woman owns will soon be ours.”
“Any ideas on where to start looking?” asked Barry uncoiling his aching muscles.
Dan pointed to the badly damaged scrub. “They rode North towards the river. At any rate, five horses walking through the scrub will leave a rather large mess. I’m certain we’ll come across someone soon who has seen the woman and the black man travelling together.”
Dan and Barry ran up the side of the hill. Even in the dark, they found the trail easy to follow. By mid-afternoon the next day, they came across a campsite in a small clearing. The bushrangers spied a man busying himself lighting a small fire between four large stones. Barry and Dan burst through the bush, bailing the man up.
“Have you seen a white woman and a black man travelling through here, three horses in tow?” asked Dan.
“Yes, I saw them at breakfast. They were looking for food. I had to borrow a horse. We exchanged.”
“Did they happen to say where they were going?” asked Barry.
“They said they were travelling North to a sheep station one-hour West of Bendigo. You two look a might tired. I’m about to make rabbit stew; you’re more than welcome to stay. I have plenty.”
“Thanks for the invite, we’re starving,” admitted Barry.
Dan walked over to the grey mare. He patted the beast on the neck, pulled a Smith and Wesson from the old timer’s saddle bag, stuffing it deep into his back pocket. “The animal is a mighty fine-looking horse.”
“Sure is,” replied the old timer. “When I arrive in Bendigo, I’ll be selling her to the highest bidder. Should fetch me a few pounds I reckon.”
Dan flashed a grin at the old timer, walking over to join his brother at the fire.
The two bushrangers created idle chit-chat. They told a few one-line jokes and helped the old timer to prepare the meal. The three ate, devouring almost the entire meal. The old timer threw the leftover scraps on to the fire then cracked open the whisky bottle.
Each man drank a third. They chatted like old friends for another five minutes. Barry swallowed the last of the whisky and threw the bottle near the fire.
“We have to be going,” said Dan, his words sounding slightly slurred.
“It’s getting late, do you want to stay until sun up?”
Dan hovered over the old man, pulling the Smith and Wesson from his back pocket.
“I showed you friendship. I don’t deserve to be shot dead.”
“The rabbit tasted tuff,” mocked Barry, standing.
Dan aimed the gun at the man’s chest. He pulled the trigger. With a sly grin, he watched the old man crumble sideways to the ground. “Barry, let’s ride.”
Both men mounted the old timer’s horse. The old man opened his dying eyes. At a snail’s pace, he pulled a small gun from behind his back, aiming it the best he could at the closest man. On his last breath, he pulled the trigger.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN



JESSICA WATCHED the stars blinking out a dozen at a time and the temperature felt like it had dropped. She sat straight on the back of her horse, pulled the collar of her long coat up towards her ears and pulled down on her wide-brimmed hat. She looked at the rider next to her.
“I didn’t expect to be riding back to the Rosedale in the dark.”
Lightening Dawn looked across at her. He nodded reassuringly. “It’ll be okay. If we take it slow, we’ll be fine. The only thing out here at night is the foxes.”
“Do you want to change your story?” asked Jessica, pointing at the darkening clouds.
Lightening Dawn studied the sky. “Provided we get across the river before it swells, I’m positive we’ll be fine. If the weather holds it’ll be easy getting back to the Rosedale.”
The first rain drops from the second storm smacked against the bridge of Jessica’s nose. She wiped the water away and tilted her hat back so she could view the sky again. The stars were gone. The billowing black clouds were visible against the dark sky. They were hanging so low to the ground they appeared ready to burst.
The two riders pushed on through the scrub, keeping to the narrow trail which led down to the river. Lightning highlighted the scrub and the trees making the bush terrain look hostile. A fox darted across the trail from left to right. The scrub easily disguised its exit.
Heavy raindrops began to smack against the leather saddles. Jessica and Lightening Dawn pulled the two spare horses closer. The bush flattened slightly then quickly opened up to a small plateau the same size as the train station. Jessica stopped her horse and dismounted.
“We’ll take a rest stop. My horse feels tired.”
Lightening Dawn dismounted. He walked over, pushing his arm around Jessica’s waist and kissed her. She lovingly pushed him away. Their bravery had netted them a small fortune. Jessica could think of nothing else except getting back to the Rosedale to hide the loot where no one could find it.
“The gold and the money the bushrangers stole might be a problem,” hinted Lightening. “I’m certain the law will be searching by now.”
“Possibly,” answered Jessica, deep in thought. “The only people who know we have stolen the money and the gold are the bushrangers. If no one else finds out, how can anyone ever trace the loot back to us?”
“It’s an interesting proposal. The only problem I can think of, what happens if the Forland bloke you’ve been talking about finds his way to the Rosedale?”
“Forland and the law will be busy searching for the bushrangers, not us. I’ll drop a false trail that sounds something like this. ‘I heard the bushrangers discussing plans to ride their horse to Sydney to bask in the sun, taking with them the blue diamond ring and my solid silver guns.’”
“Speaking of the bushrangers, I reckon they are on their way,” Lightening added.
“I hope so. The trail we left should be easy to follow.”
“Not to mention the information you told the old timer.”
Jessica pursed her lips. “I hope the bushrangers didn’t murder him.”
“His chances are good.”
“You don’t sound too confident?”
“I’m not. Those men are ruthless. I’m certain they’ll stop at nothing to get their hands on the money.”
“When they come looking for their loot, they’ll be shot dead,” snarled Jessica.
“What if the law comes sniffing around? The loot will have to be in a great hiding place.”
“I know the perfect place. As for the bushrangers, they’ll take their knowledge of who has the money and the gold they stole to their grave.”
Lightening Dawn placed his hands-on Jessica’s hips. “I’m backing you all the way. We’re in this together.”
“Thank you; I’m positive everything will work out.”
Lightening lowered his head to try again at stealing a kiss. His lips touched Jessica’s. In the middle of the clearing, she wrapped her arms around his torso, cementing the kiss for a long time.
Eventually, she loosened her grip. The act instantly broke the moment. Lightening looked a little perplexed at the move. He showed nothing except love towards her as he listened to the remainder of her idea.
“I have been thinking on how to disperse the loot. If we were to spend the money wisely, I believe no one will ever suspect a thing.”
“What about the gold nuggets, they might arouse suspicion?”
“A few times a year we can go to the bank to exchange the nuggets for pound notes. The money could quite easily be recorded in our bank account. If the teller ever questions us over where we found the gold, we’ll simply say we’ve been gold prospecting close to the Rosedale.”
Lightening Dawn grinned at the plan. A long passionate kiss sealed the idea. They scarcely noticed the rain beginning to fall a lot harder. They certainly missed the fact the animals had left the area.
Bright lightning arcs forked across the sky piercing the blackness. A thunder clapped directly above Jessica and Lightening.
“We have to get going if we want to get across the river before it floods,” urged Lightening Dawn. For the first time, his voice sounded overly concerned. “I feel as though we rested for far too long. We might be a touch too late.”
Jessica mounted her horse, snatched up the reins of the spare mare and led the way to the river.
The scrub turned thick. When they finally came to a low hill the horses easily trotted up the side. They burst through the scrub and into a clearing on the crest of the final hill. A few more minutes ambling down the side of the hill and they’d be at the river.
Lightening Dawn led the charge to the bottom of the hill where the trees thinned and the land flattened. At the river’s edge he pulled back on the horse’s reins. Jessica brought her horse to a stop slightly in front.
Both riders looked dismayed at realizing the storm had beaten them.
Jessica looked upstream searching for an easier crossing. “If I remember correctly, I think there is a creek running into this river. If it’s not swollen, there should be dry land between the forks making it possible to get across.”
“What if the fork has gone?”
“We’ll have to either wait it out here or our journey will take an extra week. With the bushrangers hot on our trail and the rising river in front, staying here isn’t a favorable option. I wanted to be back on the sheep station with rifles at the ready long before they tracked us down.”
“We don’t have time to debate a different idea.” Lightening Dawn clicked his tongue, urging his horse to make a move.
Jessica glanced around the bush hoping not to see the bushrangers. She gave a gentle kick to her horse’s ribs to start to follow the one in front.
Ten minutes of walking ankle deep in the water and Lightening Dawn pushed his hand into the air. When Jessica drew level, he looked at her.
“There doesn’t seem to be a good place to get across. Are you positive there is a fork? Maybe we missed it in the half dark.”
“I’m almost certain.”
Lightening Dawn watched the billowing black clouds. He didn’t look pleased. “Every minute we delay our crossing of the river, the angrier the storm’s looking. It’s a shame we didn’t get across the river sooner.”
“I think the fork is on the bend further upstream,” said Jessica, trying to sound confident. “Hopefully, the place will be there. The narrow strip of dry land between the forks is our lifesaver.”
“You’ve been gone for a number of years. If the creek has already burst its banks or has changed course for any reason, the fork you’re talking about will be gone. We’ll be cut off.”
“Lightening Dawn, have some faith in the God you believe in.” Jessica placed her hand on his shoulder. “She’ll be right.’”
“Where did you hear such a saying?”
“I overheard an elderly man on the train tell it to his wife when the bushrangers were robbing us.”
“She’ll be right,” echoed Lightening Dawn. He looked slightly mystified. “Those words have a sort of poetic ring to them. They might even stick in one’s mind for generations to come.”
“You could be right. Let’s keep moving. We’ll travel upstream for another ten minutes. If we haven’t found the fork by then, we’ll have to decide what to do.”
Lightening Dawn took the lead. He rode his horse along the fast-swelling river by following the low ridge. Several times the horses were up to their chest in water. The usual sedate river had been transformed into froth covered turbulent water. Debris from fallen trees littered the surface as they were washed downstream towards the sea many hours from their location.
In only a few minutes the storm had completely plunged the bush into darkness.
The bend Jessica remembered slowly loomed out of the darkness. She straightened her legs in the stirrups hoping for a clearer view. At exactly the right time several lightning arcs lit the sky. For a few brief seconds Jessica could plainly see the entire area. Although the grass covered land looked narrow there was no mistaking the strip of green between the creek and the river.
Jessica could feel her face drain of color. She flopped back on to the saddle, closed her eyes, bowing her head.
“Are you okay?” asked Lightening.
Jessica slowly lifted her head. “Yes. I’m just relieved the fork is there. For the past few minutes, I thought we might be in serious trouble.”
Lightening Dawn reached over. He touched Jessica’s leg hoping the gesture might help to reassure her. “Take a few deep breaths. It will help you to relax.”
Jessica inhaled then slowly exhaled. She eventually sat bolt upright. “She’ll be right.”
“You and your saying,” he chuckled.
“I’m fine. I’m just over tired.” Jessica focused her attention on the river. “The depth of the water looks shallow at the bend.”
In silence, the two riders trotted onwards. At the bend, the trees thinned. A big red kangaroo at least six-foot tall bounded away. The male’s mate wasn’t far behind. Her Joey disappeared inside her pouch for safety. Jessica felt relieved the male kangaroo decided to flee the area. If he did decide to attack, Jessica would have no option except to shoot it. Going up against a large male, her and Lightening Dawn wouldn’t stand a chance.
Lightening Dawn brought his horse to a halt so he could study the area at length. “I guess crossing here will have to do. It’s raining harder. We’re almost out of time. If we don’t hurry, we won’t be able to get across.”
Jessica pulled a length of rope from off the side of her saddle. She gave one end to Lightening. Dragging one of the bushranger’s horses behind her, she dug her heels into the side of her mare urging the beast to wade into the water. Slowly they pushed towards the middle of the swelling creek. The opposite bank looked to be no more than thirty feet away. Green grass greeted her mare’s hooves after it plowed out of the water.
Jessica dismounted, allowing both horses to graze on the shrinking land. She marched to the nearest tree and tied one end of the rope around its girth. When she felt satisfied the knot was tight, she walked to the water’s edge. Slowly she waded back into the river towards Lightening. He entered the water dragging the spare horse behind him. Jessica mounted the spare horse in midstream.
“So far so good,” Jessica yelped, when they were standing on the grass between the two rivers.
“Now for the dangerous part,” warned Lightening. “Already the land we’re standing on has shrunk to the size of a train station.”
Standing at the water’s edge, both were alarmed at the speed in which the water was rising. If they didn’t hurry, in minutes the debris-filled water might be above their knees.
Lightening Dawn, perched securely on his horse’s saddle, waded into the water. Jessica watched wide-eyed as the gap between the horse’s stomach and the water quickly eroded. By the time they’d travelled to the middle of the stream, Lightening’s boots were completely submerged. Dragging a horse behind him in fast flowing water that deepened by the second looked to be a slow exhaustive exercise and not to be hit by debris further complicated the crossing. At one point in the journey, it looked as though both horses were swimming. Finally, the group trotted up the opposite bank. Lightening dismounted. Jessica exhaled her fear. Forty feet of turbulent water now separated them.
In ankle deep water, Lightening Dawn lashed the rope to another sturdy gumtree. When he finished, he beckoned Jessica to cross the river. For the first time in her life, she felt scared. Jessica frowned at the emotion. She’d never been frightened of anything in her life, so why now? Even when she scurried further into the bush to escape her uncle’s murderers, she remained calm, easily keeping fear at bay.
Watching Lightening Dawn standing on the Rosedale side of the river, she saw his reassuring wave.
Jessica switched her attention to the water flowing over her feet. The revelation of being alone engulfed her mind. Old thoughts came to life.
‘The day after her fourteenth birthday a seventeen-year-old boy attending the same boarding school left her a note. ‘It’s imperative we meet. Come to my room at 10:00pm.’
They were in the middle of kissing passionately on his bed when the trouble alarm sounded. Three knocks on the door signaled imminent danger. The headmaster of the school had heard of the rendezvous. He was on his way up to the third floor. If Jessica or the boy were caught, they’d have been expelled. The school rules were; there will be no girls in the boy’s dormitory and vice-versa for the girls.
Jessica threw open the window and ran along the roof tiles, jumping the four-foot gap to the other building and only just managed to dive into her best friend’s room in time. The headmistress smelt the same rat. She made a beeline for the girl’s dorm for a surprise inspection. She met Jessica in the corridor. The old woman looked down her nose at her. She looked uncertain about Jessica’s explanation of suffering from stomach cramps. To bring the lie to fruition, Jessica added she threw up in the downstair’s laundry.
The headmistress finally accepted the story and escorted Jessica back to her room. After the close encounter, the boy made up a lousy excuse he never wanted to see her again.’
“Hold the rope as you ride your horse through the water. You will have to hurry. The rain is beginning to fall harder,” called Lightening Dawn.
Jessica threw off the negative alone thoughts and concentrated on the escape route. She slowly made the mare walk into the water, dragging the spare horse along using an extended rein.
‘Lightening’s correct,’ thought Jessica. ‘The water level has risen extremely fast. Five minutes earlier could have made all the difference.’
Jessica urged her mare onwards. Several times they stopped and watched debris from fallen trees drift past. The entire time they were in the water Jessica reassured her mare by patting its neck and talking in its ear. Her horse was used to hard work, but as the seconds ticked away, she became skittish.
At the deepest part of the river, Jessica’s horse started swimming. The current’s speed quickly doubled, sending more debris towards them. Jessica pushed a large dead branch out of the way. Seconds later she kicked another away before it hit her horse in the head. The rope Lightening Dawn slung across the river at shoulder height tightened from the strain due to the fact both Jessica and her horse were being swept parallel to the bank.
Four feet from the river bank Jessica felt her horse stumble slightly. They’d made it this far; surely her mare could summon up enough strength to walk up the bank. For a few dreaded seconds, Jessica held her breath. She certainly didn’t want to be thrown back into the water by a frightened horse this close to safety. The beast’s front hooves bit into the soft waterlogged ground, heaving itself and Jessica up the bank. For a short time, the horse held its head low, exhausted from the effort. Jessica jumped from the saddle to help lighten the load. The spare horse bumped Jessica when it rushed for the grass. As Jessica’s mare started to walk up the bank, she lost her footing in the soft mud forcing the beast to rear up. The horse neared vertical. Not going forward or backwards. The beast lifted its right rear hoof for a firmer hold. She brought it down hard on to Jessica’s foot. She screamed in agony; the horse whined loudly and sprinted up the hill, only to be stopped by Lightening Dawn.
Jessica tumbled backwards snapping the rope and landing head first in the water. Immediately a half-submerged tree branch hit her in the back, shoulders and smacked her in the temple. She battled to stay conscious. If she lost the fight, she knew drowning would be a foregone conclusion. She clawed at the ground in a desperate move to obtain a strong grip. She could feel the fast-flowing river easily devouring her.
Jessica felt as though she’d fallen victim to an inverted twister determined to suck the life out of her. She became disorientated from the tumble turns. She closed her eyes in an attempt to block out the dizzy feeling.
Jessica shot her arm upwards. In a blink of an eye, she could feel the wind against her skin. She dug her heels into the ground and pushed against the current. Her head broke the surface.
Jessica caught sight of Lightening Dawn’s silhouette sprinting through the bush trying to catch up. He yelled at her and pointed at something further downstream.
“You’re not fast enough to catch me,” Jessica yelled. She twisted her torso around so she could face the way she was travelling. Then she saw what Lightening pointed to.
An old tree spanning the river was a few inches above the waterline. If she managed to hang on to the tree long enough, she felt confident Lightening Dawn would catch up and easily haul her from the water.
“I hope this works,” she whispered as she prepared to grab the tree.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN



DAN HEARD the bang from a gun. He jumped from the horse and caught his brother as he fell off the back. Dan carried him to the base of a giant gumtree and sat him on the ground. Glaring at the dead old man still holding his gun, Dan sat behind his dead brother so he could rock him back and forth, just like he used to do if his brother hurt himself when they were children.
Eventually, he leaned his brother gently against the tree. For a long time, Dan stared at his dead brother’s face. The morbid scene would be forever burned into his mind. Dan tipped his hat at the corpse, mounted his horse and sprinted off into the bush, never once looking back.
Unrealistic thoughts, the death of his brother and best mate, Masters, the noise made by the storm, the constant heavy rain dripping from the trees on to his hat, echoed in Dan’s mind, sending him insane. He blocked out every thought; except one.
‘REVENGE.’
He wanted to watch that black man and the woman from the train take their last breath. He wanted it. He could smell it. He could taste it. Determination deeply furrowed his brow. By the day’s end he would have his revenge.
Unrelenting, Dan urged his horse onwards. Nothing would stop him from reaching his target. He wanted to get his money back, and everything else the woman from the train stole from him. He’d sneak up on her and the black man and shoot them in the back. He’d leave their bodies to the wildlife. Out in the Australian bush miles from anywhere, no one will ever stumble across either body. After leaving the state, he’d never give them another thought.
Dan swatted dozens of tree branches from his way using the back of his hand. Etched in the tree trunks, he could see the faces of the dead. He could hear their laughter further tormenting his mind. Looking over his shoulder, he thought he saw the spirit of the dead lawman, the old man, Masters and his brother chasing him. Behind them were over a dozen transparent images of the people he’d murdered over the years.
By the time, Dan entered a small clearing his knuckles were skinned and bloodied. Through wild eyes, he imagined he could see Jessica’s laughing face on every tree. Pulling his gun from his holster, he yelled at her.
“I’ll stop you from laughing at me,” he grumbled and fired a bullet at the closest tree.
Lightening Dawn’s face replaced Jessica’s image. Dan fired two more rounds at the tree. Satisfied the images had vanished, he picked up the trail once more and pushed on through the scrub.
Over the sound of the wind, Dan heard the river. Swiping his hat from his head, he felt the rain on his face. Each large cold drop stung his cheeks. A new wave of determination swept his mind.
Dan pressed on through the dark. He stopped at the river’s edge. Quickly deciding which way to go, he forced his horse to trot upstream along the bank. Dan studied the river at length looking for a sign he’d closed the gap between him and the woman. In minutes, he saw four horses, each one had a leather saddle on its back. A murderous grin stretched his mouth. He’d finally caught up to the black man and the woman. His hatred for her had quadrupled every hour since she robbed him. His idea of revenge flowed faster than the river.
The wind easily masked Dan’s arrival. After he dismounted, he meticulously crept from tree to tree making doubly sure his target didn’t know he had arrived. Staring through the scrub, he focused on the narrow fork of dry land. In minutes the two rivers were going to converge. When it happened, the strip of land will be gone. He spotted the aborigine sprinting through the bush pointing at something further downstream.
Dan took a short cut through a thin part of the scrub, hiding behind a tree a long way in front of his intended target. Confidently he moved closer. Squatting behind a small bush he looked for the reason behind the man’s antics. Dan smirked when he saw Jessica’s head bobbing in the water.
“The joy of a double murder. This ought to be sporting,” spat Dan. “A moving target to add to my growing list of kills will be the best memory of all. The minute I have shot dead the black man and the white woman their lifeless bodies will be swept away in the river, never to be seen again.”
Dan pulled the gun from his holster, cocking it ready to fire. Staring down the gun sight, he lined up Lightening Dawn’s torso. “A single bullet will suffice,” he whispered.
Unaware a gun was aimed at him, Lightening Dawn felt determined to save Jessica or die trying. He had set his sight on the tree spanning the river. He must be there when Jessica arrived. Any delay might see her drown.
Dan pulled the trigger of his gun. At the same time, a thunder clap muffled the noise. Lightening Dawn felt a burning in his left side. He crumpled to the ground, knocking the air out of his lungs. A small stub of wild grass cushioned his fall. Lightening Dawn watched the green grass slowly change to red. For far too long he lay in the grass waiting for the pain to subside. Eventually, he forced himself into a crawling position. Slowly he made tentative moves hoping the bushranger who fired the gun was patting himself on the back at the kill. Lightening looked ahead. He spied a tree which appeared to have a girth wider than a man. Mindful not to disturb the bush, he crawled on all fours. When he vanished behind the tree, he stood. Lightening looked at the tree where he was supposed to be waiting for Jessica to arrive. He didn’t have another option. He must push on to save her. If he didn’t make any noise, he could finish the rescue and be back behind the tree before the gunman knew.

# # # # #

Jessica saw her hero vanish. Hand over hand she swam towards the bank in a desperate struggle to survive. Her only chance to grab the tree came quickly. She must be ready. The water started to churn harder. She could feel her body being sucked under the surface. If it were to happen death will come knocking in only a few seconds. Only God knew where her body would end up.
Jessica lifted both hands into the air. Her fingers felt the stubble of a wet branch. She grabbed hold, determined to succeed in living. Her right foot hit something. She pushed hard against it. The exercise propelled her upwards. Jessica groped for a second branch near the top half of the tree. Using her entire strength, she launched her body completely out of the water.
Jessica clung to the tree. Trying to catch her breath, her right thigh came down hard on the small needle-sharp branch which inevitably saved her life. Jessica screamed in agony. She gritted her teeth and bravely pulled her thigh from off the branch. Tears filled her eyes. At the same time, she saw blood from the wound dripping into the water, she lost her firm footing and slipped a little. Water came up to her knees. Her vision blurred. Seconds before Jessica fainted from the pain in her thigh, she reached out for what resembled a sturdy vine, quickly twisting it around her left wrist a few times to prevent her from falling into the water. Lifting her left foot out of the water she managed to push her sturdy boot between two small branch stubs growing out of the side of the trunk.
As Jessica blacked out, she prayed for a miracle.

# # # # # #

Bushranger Dan, saw Lightening Dawn crumble to the ground at the edge of the river. He focused on the exact piece of ground where he’d lost sight of him. His confidence in successfully murdering the man grew stronger. He looked downstream for the woman. Through the rain, he couldn’t see her, but he could taste the victory. He sat on the ground with a proud expression plastered on his face. When the water subsided, he’d casually wade through the river for his stolen possessions, scoop up his loot and head North to Sydney. He’d be long gone before the law got wind of any misfortune which may have fallen upon his two victims. One dead body will be for Masters’ death, the other one for his brother.

# # # # # #

Lightening Dawn grimaced at the bullet hole in his side. He studied the wound at length and found an exit hole. Although blood still trickled out of the wound, it appeared to be slowing. He breathed a sigh of relief. Well hidden from the bushranger, he searched for Jessica. Through the scrub, he could see her clinging to the tree trunk. She looked to be asleep. How long she could stay in that position, he didn’t know. He gave himself only seconds to grab hold of her. He started for the tree. Somehow, he must get Jessica back to hard ground without the bushranger knowing.
Half stooped; Lightening ran along the river’s edge; positive Jessica hadn’t been shot; he just couldn’t understand why she’d stopped moving. His heart pounded, forcing the organ to bang loud in his ears. Sweat broke out on his brow. He knew panic might soon overtake him. On the other side of the river, a bushranger wanted to shoot them both dead. Ahead of him lay Jessica’s unconscious body. Only God knew if she was still alive.
Lightening slithered over a fallen tree. He didn’t hesitate on running across a narrow clearing. He had started badly in living up to the vow he promised Jessica. He wanted to prove to her he was a man of his word.
Through the rain Lightening Dawn watched Jessica. He could see her slowly slipping back into the river. Upstream Lightening caught sight of an assortment of tree branches which were floating together to form one giant mass, directly at Jessica. He must move faster. He quickly searched the bush. Seeing no sign of the bushranger, he took his chances. On all fours, he crawled along the tree trunk to Jessica. By the time he reached her, she’d slipped to a precarious angle. In a move quick as his name, he grabbed hold of Jessica’s wrists, yanked her from the water, broke the thin vine which helped to save her life and started back to the river bank.
The sound of a gunshot echoed in the air.
The bullet embedded itself in the tree next to Lightening Dawn’s right foot. He didn’t waste time searching the scrub for the bushranger. Being on the tree over the river made him an easy target.
A second bullet sent chip bark into the air, showering his face.
Lightening Dawn staggered over a clump of weeds growing close to the tree trunk. Jessica slipped slightly. He heard her moan. The noise gave him a renewed zest. He made it off the tree and dug his heels into the softening muddy bank. A third and fourth bullet penetrated the water’s edge. Lightening Dawn stumbled in the soft mud, but managed to stay on his feet. He placed Jessica on the ground behind a newly fallen gumtree. He closed his eyes, collapsing from exhaustion.
Dan watched, amused at the man’s courageous effort to rescue the woman. He counted the number of remaining bullets then took out of his pocket three more. Having a bout of inspiration, he nodded in satisfaction.
“If I use three bullets to flush them out, I’ll have two bullets to murder both of them. It will leave me one bullet, just in case.”
A bullet ricocheted off the tree Lightening, and Jessica was hiding behind. Both opened their eyes at the same time. They were hugging when a second bullet tore away the bark inches above their head.
“Lightening, thank you for rescuing me,” whispered Jessica in his ear. She leaned sideways and kissed him.
A third bullet brought the reunion to an abrupt halt.
“I’m sorry for being late. It’s time we left,” hinted Lightening Dawn. “You start for the horses. I’m positive a couple of shots from my gun will cover your escape.”
Jessica slid along the muddy ground on her stomach. Lightening aimed his gun, firing twice through the dark. A single return shot made the bark next to his shoulder erupt in all directions. He hugged the ground and followed Jessica’s trail.
Working their way up the bank, skirting the small clearing, Jessica and Lightening stayed hidden amongst the scrub. They rounded the far side of the small clearing, coming up behind their horses.
“I think we’re at a safe enough distance to collect the horses. Hopefully, we’ll be able to leave without the bushranger knowing,” whispered Lightening.
“If we make a clean getaway the shooter might lose the trail.”
“You’re correct, we don’t want to lose him,” said Lightening.
Jessica bit her bottom lip, deep in thought. “What about if we collect the horses and just before we enter the scrub, I fire a couple of warning bullets in the shooter’s direction?”
“That ought to keep him coming. You stay here, I’ll go collect the horses,” Lightening insisted.
The rain changed to infrequent drops. A few stars were out. Lightening Dawn moved as if he were a part of the surrounding bush. He learnt the art at a young age. Every male hunter from his tribe had to prove they were more than capable of sneaking through the bush undetected by animals. By his ninth year, he’d proven time, and again he was the best. He easily gathered the horses, marching them back to where Jessica waited behind a clump of tall dried grass. Her excited expression made him puff out his chest.
“You never cease to amaze me!” she exclaimed.
Lightening Dawn grinned as he handed over his gun.
Jessica cocked the trigger. “I’m ready.”
The two escapees mounted their horse. Lightening rode into the bush. Jessica swiveled on the saddle. Pointing the barrel of the gun at a large tree where she thought the shooter might be hiding, she took careful aim at a knot in the trunk twelve feet from the ground and fired her gun twice. She used her reins to tap the horse’s neck. The horse entered the scrub, hot on Lightening’s trail.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN



DAYLIGHT BROUGHT a few hours to plan what Jessica and Lightening could do. Jessica knew the bushranger would never break off his onslaught. She looked forward to the finale. She must to get back to the Rosedale pronto and prepare for his imminent arrival. She ripped small pieces off her shirt, tossing them every so often over her shoulder to help mark the trail. She certainly didn’t want the man to stray off course.
The tail end of the storm quickly abated. The birds again filled the cloudy sky.
Jessica looked sideways at Lightening Dawn. His shoulders were drooped. His eyes were half closed. Sitting low in the saddle, he looked exhausted. She stopped her horse, swung her leg over the side of the saddle and dropped to the ground. Lightening did the same.
“Are you okay?” she asked, ignoring the dull ache in her muscles.
“I’m alright.”
“You were hurt,” she stated, seeing the blood on his shirt.
“What were those three words you said some hours ago?”
“She’ll be right?”
Lightening flopped onto the ground. “Yes, I’ll be right.”
Jessica dropped to her knees. “Take your shirt off; I want to see for myself.”
“We can’t spare the time.”
“I’m sure a few minutes delay won’t make too much of a difference.”
Lightening carefully peeled the shirt off his back. Jessica traced the beads of sweat running down his shiny black skin. She could feel the love inside her for the man starting to stir into a storm yet again. She looked forward to their wedding night. She craved for the idea. Reluctantly she forced the emotion out of her thoughts.
Jessica focused on the congealed blood on Lightening’s left side. Searching his back, she found an exit wound. “You are one lucky man. Why didn’t you say you had been shot?”
Lightening shrugged. He smiled at her concerned expression. “I’m not one to complain. I knew I’d be okay. My first goal had to be saving you from falling off the tree and into the river. I couldn’t just stand by and watch you drown.”
“Thank you again,” whispered Jessica.
“Think no more of it.” It was then Lightening Dawn saw the blood stain on Jessica’s riding pants.
“The tree branch stabbed me,” announced Jessica bravely.
“You, my love happened to be one lucky young lady.”
“A couple of weeks rest will see us fit again,” promised Jessica.
“I’ll make sure you will rest.” Lightening tried to use a deep scolded tone, but he couldn’t keep up the pretense for too long and chuckled.
Jessica soon joined in. A quick hug followed then they studied the scrub. Satisfied the bushranger was still hiding, Jessica mounted her horse. Lightening copied her. At the same time, the horses started trotting in the direction of the Rosedale homestead.
The rear corner of the Rosedale finally came into view. With a shake of the reins, both horses started to canter, forcing the tag-a-longs to do the same. In less than a minute they made it to the corner post. They slowed the horses to a walk so they could navigate their way through the debris.
“I’ve been chopping wood to fix the gate,” advised Lightening Dawn. “A few weeks back our neighbour Mr. Langston led his bull along the rear of the property for a feed in the scrub. A snake which he thought might have been a yellow-bellied black slithered across its path. The big old bull turned feral plowing sideways into the gate. Langston knocked on the door of the homestead. He told me the bad news about the gate. I said I’d fix it. I don’t think he takes too kindly to me.”
“Do you know the reason?” asked Jessica.
“I corrected him on the alleged snake. I saw a Tiger snake coiled up in the sun near the rear wire fence the previous day. I went on to explain a yellow-bellied black is found mainly in Queensland, not Victoria.”
“Thanks for clearing up the mystification about the damage to the gate. As for Langston, he can never be corrected over anything. I wish he’d sell. Right now, is the perfect time to expand the size of the Rosedale.” Jessica sighed. “Lightening, we’ll fix the gate together. Thanks to the newfound loot, I think we should build a double gate.”
Lightening Dawn replied confidently. “Mr. Langston told me he is selling.”
“The homestead is up for sale?!” exclaimed Jessica, her eyes sparkling at the news.
“One thousand acres of prime beef land,” added Lightening.
“If we were successful in purchasing his property the Rosedale will be almost twice the size. I think we should visit our neighbour to make an offer he can’t refuse. By knocking down the wire fence, both properties will be joined. The river will run on our land in its entirety. No more of his warning’s about ‘no fishing’ on his alleged land. I’m positive our sheep won’t mind the cows.”
Lightening Dawn licked his lips at the thought of fresh fish most evenings for dinner. “I have a great recipe for fish stew,” he announced.
Jessica giggled. “I can’t wait to taste it.”
A quick glance at the land beyond the river and the pair rode onwards for the next five minutes in silence, each to their own thoughts.
Through slits, Lightening Dawn looked at Jessica. To break the silence he started a casual conversation.
“I suppose we need another large shed. I’ll see to it after the bushranger is dead.”
“You look too tired to do any work around the Rosedale for at least a week. Besides, don’t we have something more important to consider?”
“Yes, we do. I have already planned the wedding ceremony, including your important wedding night.”
“Can you let me in on your plans?”
“No,” he answered sternly.
“You do realize it’s our wedding night? Don’t I have a say?”
Lightening Dawn boasted a lustful grin. “I want our wedding night to be extra special. I am asking you to help me keep it a secret by not forcing me to tell you any details. I think it will help build suspense. I’m positive the secret will cap off a great day.”
“I’ll trust you,” chirped Jessica, after careful consideration of the ultimatum. She felt shocked at hearing the words. They seemed irrational, totally against everything she believed. Somewhere deep inside her mind, she knew the man riding next to her was different in so many ways. Of course, no one was perfect. He probably did have a few bad habits she didn’t know about and started pondering what they might be.
Lightening Dawn caught her sighing. “What were you thinking about just now?”
“If you must know, I’m wondering if you have any bad habits? As of late, I haven’t discovered any.”
“I sleep under the window to feel the cool air at night. I have stock piled enough wood in the summer for a roaring fire on cold winter nights.”
“Is there anything else which could ruffle your feathers?”
Lightening Dawn leaned sideways placing his hand on her shoulder. “If wanting to be around you is a bad habit, I’d have to say I’m guilty.”
Jessica shook her head. Giggling, she dug her heels into her horse’s ribs. They took off in a canter. For the first time in her life, she felt alive. She didn’t have to look over her shoulder to know, Lightening rode his horse hard to catch her. Jessica saw the chase as a game which would end in making love to the man then falling asleep in his arms.
After a quick sprint, the two riders dismounted at the verandah of the Rosedale. When the saddles were off the horses, the beasts wandered off to munch the green grass growing around the homestead.
In the late afternoon sun, the homestead looked inviting. Jessica pushed the thought of their wedding night and a good sleep out her mind. If they wanted to sweep the bushranger from their life, they must be ready. Business must come first before romance.
Jarrah and Cobar, the two young aboriginal boys, opened the kitchen door. They stepped onto the verandah; their smile looked a welcoming sight.
“You’re here,” yelled Jarrah. “We have a meal cooking. Kangaroo stew.”
“The food sounds too good to say no to.” Jessica squatted for a hug.
Unexpectedly the two boys dragged her into the kitchen. The aroma of a home-cooked meal filled the small room. The single glass window overlooking the herb garden helped to make the aroma more delectable.
Gip looked up from her cooking duties. “Food almost cooked.”
Jessica walked across the room and hugged the girl.
“We work hard for boss lady,” she quipped.
Jessica knelt on the floorboards. She volleyed her gaze between Gip and the boys. “I have some news. Lightening Dawn and I are engaged to be married.”
“Family!” yelped Gip.
“Correct. We are now one big happy family. However, there is a minor change from the traditional family unit. I want you three to have equal rights around here. That means you, Gip, Cobar, and Jarrah have an equal share in the profits we make,” announced Jessica.
The three kids jumped for joy. A short aboriginal dance consisting of tapping two spoons together and chanting quickly followed.
Jessica giggled at their enthusiasm. “Thank you for cooking the dinner. There is one more thing I want you to understand. I don’t want to see you kids sitting on the floor ever again when you eat.”
“Our place is on the floor. Boss lady your place is at the table,” stated Gip.
Jessica took Gip by the hand, escorting her to the table. She then walked over to the cupboard, snatched five plates from off the middle shelf and returned to the table.
“From now on we’ll all sit at the table to eat,” Jessica insisted.
The kids ran at her, throwing their arms around her waist. Lightening Dawn walked across the room and joined in.
“Thank you,” said Gip. “Being in a family is important to me and my brothers. We went walk-a-bout ages ago. We want to stay here.”
Jessica started to cry. Gip wiped her eyes. The boys and Lightening also looked to be on the verge of dropping a tear.
Gip suddenly straightened her back. “The dinner, it ready.”
Jessica took hold of Gip’s hand. She said slowly. “The dinner is ready.”
“The dinner is ready,” echoed Gip. “One day you teach me to talk good?”
“I will. At this time, it’s not important. What is important is that I’m no longer boss lady. Call me Jessica.”
The wood fired oven seemed to be working overtime. Steam from the dented old Billy can full of water, hanging over the open fire started billowing into the air. The dirty dishes were already washed and drying on the solid wooden sink. When Jessica finished drying the first dish, she walked over to the wooden pantry to put the pot away. At the back of the first shelf, past the wire mesh which helped to keep out the flies in the long hot summer, there were large open bags of rice. The flour bags were lying on their side, leaving a white trail along the shelf. Jessica started to tidy up.
“Jessica, you sit,” urged Gip, placing a mug of coffee on the table.
With a mug of coffee in his hand, Lightening Dawn sat next to Jessica. Sitting at the table as a family for the first time made the kids giggle. The relaxed atmosphere helped soothe Jessica’s aching muscles.
Ten minutes of sitting and the meal was over.
Lightening Dawn walked towards the door. “Jessica, you sit tight. I’ll prepare for the new arrival.”
A hard, determined expression replaced Jessica’s soft features. “We will prepare for the visitor together.” Jessica stared at the three kids. “No matter what happens, I don’t want you to leave the house. A bad man is on his way. Lightening Dawn and I will seal his fate.”
Jessica reached into the sugar bowl, snatching up several sugar cubes. She caught up to Lightening Dawn standing at the edge of the verandah. He stepped behind her and kissed her neck. Jessica consumed his contact. With his fingers under the collar of her shirt, Lightening Dawn massaged her shoulders. Jessica closed her eyes, enjoying the moment.
“I know what you’re thinking,” she whispered.
“Do you?” Lightening sounded alarmed. He straightened his back and applied a little more pressure to her stiff shoulders.
“Yes. You want me back in the house. When the danger has passed, you will come for me.”
“Impressive.”
“I’ve been taught by a great teacher.”
“Who is this teacher?”
Jessica faced Lightening. “You’re the man.”
“I never taught you to read minds.”
“No, you didn’t. We seem to be completely in tune with one another.”
“Interesting,” said Lightening.
“There’s no big mystery. I’m a woman. I know these things.” Jessica grinned at his blank expression. With her hand around his, she escorted Lightening down the steps.
They walked over to the horses, showing them the sugar cubes. The four horses they rode to the homestead followed Jessica. She carried the sacks of stolen money. Lightening brought up the rear, carrying the bags of gold nuggets. Jessica opened the barn door. She fed the horses the sugar after they walked into the barn. The horses were brought to the food buckets in the third and fourth stall. They didn’t have to be coaxed into eating.
Jessica walked back into the first stall. The only occupants were a mother and a young timid mare. The mother’s ears swiveled forward. She snorted and stepped closer to her baby.
“It’s okay,” whispered Jessica. “We mean you or your baby no harm. You can come back when I’m done showing Lightening Dawn the secret.”
Smelling the sugar cube Jessica placed in the palm of her hand, the horse devoured it. The foul nudged Jessica’s hand for her share. Jessica led the pair into the second stall. When she stepped out, Lightening Dawn closed the wooden gate.
“What’s so special about the first stall? I’ve been in there too many times to count. I’ve only ever seen a normal stall.”
Jessica walked to the rear wall. “Years ago, my uncle showed me his secret room. If luck is on our side the room will still be stocked.”
“I have no knowledge about a secret room?”
“Good. My uncle only confided in me about what’s under our feet. Not even his wife knew. I guess he lived for the time when he could show off his secret. When he saw my amazed expression, he just smiled. My uncle told me I looked the same as you do now. The room will be the perfect place to hide our money, the gold, and the sliver guns.”
“And the blue diamond ring,” added Lightening. “If anyone ever sees the ring or the guns, they’ll put the missing information together. They might want to nose around, asking questions.”
“Yes, it is a distinct possibility. The ring must be buried with the gold nuggets and the money. If one-day Forland comes knocking on the door asking about his precious blue diamond I’ll tell him if he locates it, I want it back. He’ll make a lousy colorful, smart remark. Frustrated, he’ll leave. We’ll never see him again. To obtain something from me, he first has to prove I have it.”
Jessica used the side of her boot to scrape the dirt and sawdust away from the corner of the stall. The act uncovered a trap door. She used her fingers to scratch at the dirt. A small rusting ring an inch in diameter was uncovered. Four feet along the wall she again repeated the procedure to uncover the second ring. Jessica swiped a five-foot chain from a bent nail half buried in the barn’s wooden cross beam. She pushed the sturdy hook welded into the last link at each end of the chain through both metal rings screwed into the trap door. She back stepped and ran the chain between her fingers to the middle. Lightening Dawn stepped to her side. Together they pulled on the chain. The trap door opened easily creating a cloud of dust.
Lightening looked down into the darkness. “I didn’t know this existed.”
“That’s the reason why this place is so perfect. My uncle told me he spent years making it damp proof by way of thick wooden planks he manually cut. Come on; I’ll show you.”
Jessica grabbed the money bags from the opposite corner. Lightening snatched up the gold bags. He copied Jessica and watched the bags drop into the abyss. Both descended slowly down the wooden vertical ladder attached to the wall of the hole.
Seven feet directly under the first stall the hole opened into a room. Jessica lit a lantern she found hanging from the wall. The light picked out a room no larger than the kitchen of the Rosedale. A five-door cupboard took up the height and the width of one of the walls.
Jessica walked over to the cupboard. Opening the first door, she showed Lightening Dawn the contents.
There were at least a dozen knives. Each blade looked to be of a different length. Four bows and a quiver full of arrows had been stored neatly on the third shelf. On the middle shelf, there were twenty rifles that appeared ready to be used. Lightening opened the remaining doors and discovered boxes of ammunition.
“There must be more than two hundred boxes of bullets!” exclaimed Lightening Dawn.
“At least,” echoed Jessica.
Lightening swiped a rifle from off the shelf, unwrapped it from the thick woolen cloth and studied it at length. “This Winchester rifle has never been fired.”
“None of these have ever been used. My uncle placed his private collection in here for a keepsake. This was his secret. He told me none of these weapons will ever be used. Someone told him if he didn’t use the rifles, one day they’d be worth more. He wanted to sell the collection when he grew old. He called it an investment.”
Lightening Dawn nodded his approval. “These are worth a fortune.” After placing the rifle back exactly how he found it he looked around the room at the walls and the wooden roof.
“If you look closely at the sides of the timber beams you can see they were hand split,” said Jessica.
Lightening slapped the wall closest to him using the palm of his hand. “What a solid wall.”
“My uncle built this room to stay intact for hundreds of years.”
“What a smart man.”
“My parents, my aunt, and uncle would have approved of you marrying me. It’s a shame they’ll never know,” moaned Jessica.
Lightening gently took hold of Jessica’s hand, reeling her in. “I want to believe they know.”
She kissed him passionately. “Thank you for the kind words. Come on; we have some work to do.” Jessica walked over to a side wall. “This is the long-handle shovel I told the bushranger about.” She displayed a smirk as she started digging a hole at the corner of the cupboard.
Lightening grabbed the shovel from out of her hands.
“I’ll dig the hole. You rest.”
He dug straight down to a depth of three feet then placed the bags of money and gold in the hole.
“Before you fill in the hole, I think we should have some money for emergencies. We also need to buy a few things. Material for a new gate is on the top of the list, unless Langston agrees to sell his homestead.”
Jessica opened the money bag, swooping out a large handful of pound notes in different denominations. She folded them, stuffing the bundle in her pocket. Next, she opened a bag of gold and pulled out a few large nuggets.
“These beauties should manage to raise an eyebrow or two at the bank. I can’t wait to see the numbers in our account. In the next few days, we’ll go see our dear neighbour to make an offer on his place.”
“After the bushranger has met his maker,” added Lightening.
Jessica pulled the blue diamond ring from off her finger. She gave it a lasting look to take in its beauty and rarity. Handing it to Lightening Dawn, she watched him place it in the money bag and dropped the bag into the hole. Slipping the gun belt from off her waist, Jessica viewed the guns. She wrapped them lovingly in a woolen cloth then placed the guns in a wooden box. She placed everything into the hole and quickly filled it in.
After collecting at least ten boxes of ammunition, two rifles, a gun belt and guns for Jessica, they climbed out of the room. Lightening replaced the trap door and covered it with dirt. The mare and her baby foul were hustled back into the stall to help make everything look exactly the way it should be.
Lightening Dawn and Jessica climbed up to the Barn’s loft to wait for the bushranger.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN



THE SUN started to sink slowly in the West. Jessica guessed the bushranger might make his move before the moon rose above the tops of the trees.
The trio in the house kept up a silent lookout. At the first sign of the bushranger, they were to make the sound of an owl hoot.
Lightening Dawn looked at his pocket watch. “It’s a little after 6:00pm,” he whispered.
Jessica poked her head out from behind a hay bale at the other end of the loft. She nodded at him and went back to viewing the sheep station. In the background, the birds were beginning to settle in the trees for the night. The sheep were in stealth mode. Even the foxes seemed to be quiet.
Lightening Dawn walked across the loft’s floor to where Jessica sat staring out of the window.
“Something’s wrong; it’s too quiet,” he said.
“I’d have to agree. I’ve been thinking about Dan’s approach. When the bushranger sees the homestead, I’m gambling he won’t come from the lower paddock, he’ll come from the West. The trees are closer to the house which will give him a much superior cover.”
“You might be correct,” said Lightening.
Jessica and Lightening Dawn walked to the opposite side of the loft.
“If I were planning a surprise attack, I’d make it before the moon got much higher,” whispered Lightening.
A few moments later Jessica and Lightening spied the dark shape of a man moving from tree to tree. He ran parallel to the homestead. They watched him carefully study the area then start to close in. The distance from the barn to the tree-line measured only seventy feet.
An owl hoot came from the house.
“This is it,” whispered Jessica. Cocking her rifle, she aimed it at the shape.
Through tired slits Lightening aimed his rifle at the tree-line. He commenced to study the scrub for a sign of life.
A fox moved at speed, darting off towards the sheep. The moon hovered just below the top of the trees illuminating less than a third of the paddock. The person hugged a tree then darted to the next tree.
“We will shoot the man when he starts for the house,” whispered Jessica.
The full moon cleared the trees. Dan changed his attack plan, deciding to run straight for the homestead. He couldn’t risk waiting any longer. In a few minutes, anyone inside the house will become a hostage. If the woman wasn’t in the house, he’d flush her out by shooting one of the hostages.
Dan dived for the next tree and hid behind its girth. Open ground lay between him and the house. He carefully scrutinized the area. A thin trail of smoke from the kitchen oven wafted straight up. The entire homestead looked dark; tomb quiet.
The trees in the pale moonlight looked to be on guard. They were tall, thin, shapes beckoning him to run across the open ground. Dan aimed his gun at the closest tree. The object failed to move. Looking over his shoulder, he saw the face of his dead brother.
“Barry, the tree branch above you appears to be sturdy enough. I’m going to find the woman, grab her by the scruff of the neck, and I’m going to hang her from it. I can’t wait to hear her exhale the last breath. Brother, wait for me here. My next task won’t take long.”
Dan sprinted towards the house. At the halfway point he heard a bang. Hot pain shot through his chest just above his heart. A second shot had him skidding along the ground. He groaned in agony, struggling to breathe.
“Barry, come get me.”
Dan’s dead brother never showed. Dan clutched his chest as he crawled back to the trees. A knowing look etched his face. To his right, there were muffled noises. Eventually, two figures sprinted across the ground towards him, handguns pointing at his head. Struggling to sit straight, Dan lifted his gun at the shortest figure.
“Put the gun down, now,” Jessica yelled.
“Do exactly what the young lady ordered,” growled Lightening Dawn.
The barrel swayed between the two figures. When it stopped the gun pointed directly at Jessica.
“If your finger flinches on the trigger, it’ll be the last thing you’ll do on this side of life,” growled Lightening Dawn. “In seconds, you’ll be explaining your actions to God. Now, do yourself a favor, put the gun on the ground.”
“Barry, shoot the man. I’ll shoot the woman,” called Dan.
“Take a look around, we’re the only ones here,” stated Jessica.
Dan desperately studied the land for his brother. Finally, he tilted his gun at the ground. His shoulders drooped. He glared up at Jessica through dying eyes.
“My brother is dead. I’m done for. Tell me something. Which one of you shot me in the chest?”
Jessica hovered over the man, staring directly at his eyes.
“I shot you first. I told you at the train; no one takes what is mine. I asked Lightening Dawn to help me track you down.”
“Why did you steal the money and the gold?” coughed Dan.
“The money is severance pay. The gold is accumulated interest.”
“You won’t get away with it,” jeered Dan.
“I reckon I will.” Jessica winked at Lightening.
Dan saw his opportunity. He reached for the gun in his back pocket. In his last few dying seconds, he managed to lift the gun into the air, cock the weapon and ease his finger on to the trigger.
Two shots rang out in the still of the night.
Dan closed his eyes, exhaling his last breath. A bullet fired from a rifle which happened to be leaning against the barn wall interrupted his aim.
Jessica glanced over her shoulder. Smoke still wafted into the air from the barrel of a Winchester rifle. Gip displayed a cold murderous expression. The rifle in her hands she slowly dropped towards the ground. Jessica walked over and hugged her tight.
“I did a bad thing,” whispered Gip.
Jessica kissed the top of her head. She dropped to her knees and looked directly at Gip. “Normally I’d have to agree. Tonight, you did a brave thing. Thank you for saving my life.”
“We family,” said Gip. “Family look after each other.”
“We sure do,” replied Jessica.
Lightening Dawn stepped over to the bushranger. He viewed the fatal gunshot wound. The bullet had entered the man’s, heart. Snatching up the rifle Gip used, he escorted Jessica and the girl back to the homestead.
“We’ll finish up before the law comes. I’m positive they will want to snoop around,” stated Jessica.
She handed Gip over to her brothers and collected Lightening. Together they walked towards the barn, going over the tail end of the plan. Lightening entered the first stall. While he grabbed the rope hanging from the wall, Jessica snatched the long-handle shovel. In unison, they marched across the paddock to where Dan’s body lay on the ground. A fox sniffing at the corpse and the possibility of an easy meal darted off into the scrub when Jessica and Lightening got too close.
“This is the last chance to change our idea on where the bushranger’s grave will be.”
“I’m firm on the plan,” stated Jessica.
“What if the law does come to visit?”
“The grave will be situated in the perfect place.”
Lightening Dawn spoke confidently. “Let’s do it.”
He took hold of the shovel, spearing the ground next to Dan. It felt soft due to the rain and a welcome relief to Jessica as they shared the load. The depth of the hole was easy to measure. Lightening stood an even six feet. From the bottom of the hole, he looked up at Jessica. He dug deeper than his head on instructions. Leaning the shovel against the side of the hole, Lightening used the long handle for a ladder to easily climb out. Together they kicked Dan into the hole. He came to a sudden stop. Face up.
Jessica looked down into the hole. Dan’s face showed no inkling of where his spirit might have gone; heaven or hell. “Mr. Dan, I warned you about stealing from me.”
“Do you think we should say something religious?”
“No, the man doesn’t deserve it,” snarled Jessica. “The last time I filled in a grave I couldn’t watch the dirt fall on to my husband’s face.”
“What about now?”
“This time, I don’t care.” Jessica spat on Dan’s face. Stabbing the long-handle shovel into the loose pile of dirt, she angrily dumped the dirt on top of his eyes.
In ninety-five seconds, the bushranger had been completely covered. Jessica stabbed her shovel into the ground then took to studying the paddocks.
“Now for the remaining part of the plan,” said Lightening.
Jessica snatched the long rope from off the ground. She reached out and held Lightening Dawn’s hand.
“It’s time to go hunting,” she said.
The two walked around the property in the dark searching for their second victim. They walked past the first shearing shed. By the time they reached the bottom end of the paddock Lightening Dawn’s pupils seemed to be as excited as Jessica’s.
“I’ve been going over your plan in my mind. I can’t find a fault. I think you have stumbled upon the perfect plot,” said Lightening.
“Thanks for building my confidence. You always say the right words at the right time.”
Lightening and Jessica walked towards the North side of the second shearing shed. In her mind Jessica could still see the shearers, hear their laughter; she could even smell their sweat. The Rosedale happened to be the first sheep station in the district to have the annual shearers walk onto the land. The men would come in their droves, regular as clockwork. When the shearers, old and young, were finished shearing the entire flock of sheep they’d head West. They knew of every hotel in the district. They’d drink their fill and walk onto the next sheep station.
Jessica and Lightening climbed the sheep holding pen for a bird’s eye view. In the moonlight, standing alone at the fringe of the scrub they saw a ram. He looked sick and had distanced himself from the flock as he waited for the inevitable. The long wool on his back looked to be falling out in clumps.
“The old ram over there. The one looking a bit motley will fit into our plans perfectly. What do you think?”
“He does look half crippled. I’d say he’s the perfect candidate.” Lightening jumped the fence. He trotted over, rope in hand.
At first, the ram rejected his intentions. Jessica climbed down, opened the small wooden gate and ran behind the ram to help steer him towards the pen. For a tall man, Lightening Dawn appeared to be light on his feet. When the ram was cornered and tired from fighting, Lightening lassoed the old sheep. Jessica and Lightening walked the sheep up the wooden ramp and into the shearing shed. Due to the animal’s condition, the old ram gave little resistance to Lightening’s strong tugs. In a couple of minutes, they were back at the hole.
“Sorry old fella. You have served this family greatly with the amount of wool you’ve obviously given over the years. There has to come a time when all living things come to an end. On the positive side, you will be out of pain. Every member of the family will remember your sacrifice. I promise, you will never be forgotten,” said Jessica.
Lightening placed the sheep at the edge of the hole.
Jessica pulled her gun, shooting the ram between the eyes. Lightening twisted its horns, watching it fall on top of Dan.
“The plan is complete,” snarled Jessica.
“Yes, it is.”
Lightening Dawn finished filling in the hole then returned the shovel to the barn.
The two staggered across the undulating land to the homestead looking forward to a good night’s sleep. In the days ahead, they’d finish their plans for the grand finale and perfect their alibi.



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



“GOOD MORNING, Madam. I trust you’re well this morning?”
Jessica dismounted and patted her horse on the neck. She then turned and looked at the man. He sat on a wooden chair in the shadows outside the general store. The man launched himself off the seat. He dropped his cigarette on to the wooden verandah and used the heel of his black boot to crush the lit end. He stepped towards Jessica and Lightening.
Jessica quickly read the name tag pinned to the man’s shirt. “Good morning, Police Officer Jones. I apologize for not seeing you when we came out of the scrub and into the main street.”
“It’s quite alright. You’ve arrived in town before anyone else is awake.”
“I like an early start. The Rosedale needs constant work.”
“Yes, I suppose a sheep station the size of the Rosedale does.”
“You seem quite knowledgeable on the countryside around this area.”
“I’ve been doing my homework.”
Jessica squared herself to Jones. “Now you know why I’m up early; I’m wondering what gets you up this time of the morning?”
The man snapped to attention. “This is a nice time of the day. Breathing in the pre-dawn air helps to clear my mind so I can discover clues to the case I’m working on.”
“The fresh air doesn’t seem to help in hiding how tired you look.”
“I haven’t been sleeping well at night,” admitted Jones. He watched Lightening look over the small narrow wagon they brought along.
“Maybe you think too much,” suggested Jessica.
Jones squinted in the sunshine, bursting between the trees. “Tell me, what brings you into town?”
“Shopping,” Jessica replied.
“The shops aren’t due to open for a couple of hours.” He eyed Jessica suspiciously. “May I ask who I’m talking to?”
“I’m amazed you don’t know.”
“I like to put faces to names,” grunted Jones abruptly.
“I’m Jessica Hayes.” She held her hand out for a handshake.
Jones refused the request by placing both his hands behind his back. “Your name rings a bell. You’re the woman who had the silver guns and a blue diamond ring stolen by bushrangers?”
“Yes. The man standing next to me, the one you have been eyeballing is Mr. Dawn.”
“He’s an aborigine?”
“Your observation is impeccable,” said Jessica.
“I hate aborigines.”
“I find them hard workers. I have also discovered they are extremely knowledgeable of the Australian bush.”
“I have found their culture primitive, to say the least.”
“On the contrary, I find them unique. There’s a lot they can teach us, white people.”
Jones kept up his stare of Lightening Dawn. “I’ve heard they make good trackers. Rumor has it they can track a white man no matter where he goes.”
“Police Officer Jones, I take it you’re new to this town,” stated Jessica, changing the subject.
“My predecessor, the last officer quit three days after the bank robbery, though I did hear he was transferred to Sydney. Which one is correct? I have yet to find out.”
“I never heard the news of a bank robbery.”
“I’m surprised. I read about it on the front page of the newspaper for over a week.”
“Of late, I have been too busy to read anything. If you see Officer Stapleton, give him my regards.”
“I hope never to meet the man,” said Jones.
“You sound callous.”
“You could say I am. Let me put it this way; Officer Adam Stapleton pushed too hard to be in charge of my brand-new police station. The minute he, shall I say, ‘resigned,’ I slipped into the job. Got me a large pay increase to boot. One man’s misfortune is another man’s treasure. I’ve now raised the bar. I’m going after the Governor’s job in Melbourne. I’ve been told by a reliable source if I crack the robbery being second to the Governor is in the bag.”
“You come across as a man who stops at nothing to find the culprits?” questioned Jessica.
“Your perception of me is correct. I will search every inch of land in Victoria. I will never give up.”
“Good luck.”
Jones cleared his throat as he stared directly at Jessica. “Mrs. Hayes, what did you say you were shopping for?”
“I didn’t. If you must know I’m here to buy material for a new gate and visit the bank.”
Jones rubbed the hard bristles on his chin. “What else is on the shopping list?”
“Clothes, feed for the horses, food for the pantry. Do you have any news of my possessions? A full month has passed since the train robbery. I thought you might have dug something up.”
“I’m at a dead end, so to speak. By the way, you can call me Mr. Jones.”
Jessica frowned at the man. “I’d prefer to keep things between us strictly professional. I have to admit you do look handsome in your crisp new blue uniform. I can’t see a wrinkle in it. By the way, for the record, I’m known as Miss. Jessica Hayes.”
“It appears the information I have on you is out of date. It reads you are married.”
“I know you’ll correct the error double quick. By the way, the man you’re still eyeballing is my overseer. He runs the Rosedale.”
“Overseer, you say?” Jones echoed.
“Yes, his full name is Lightening Dawn.”
“Again, the information I have is slightly outdated. Perhaps one day soon I can ride out to the Rosedale so we can correct any misleading details? At the same time, I could let you know if I have news on your missing possessions.”
“You’ve already mentioned you have no idea.”
“True. I don’t suppose you have seen any sign of the bushrangers? They seem to have fallen off the face of the Earth.”
Jessica deliberately chuckled. “I haven’t seen the men. I guess the woman on the train was correct. She did say I’d never see my guns again.”
“Or your blue diamond ring,” added Lightening in a deep voice.
“Yes, Mrs. Pearson told me a detailed account of the entire robbery. I’m wondering why you didn’t mention anything about the blue diamond ring in your details of the robbery?” questioned Jones.
“Didn’t I?”
“No, you didn’t.”
“At the time, it didn’t seem too important. I’m more concerned about getting my guns back.”
“It sounds to me the diamond ring is worth more than the guns.”
“It probably is. The fact remains my dead husband gave me the diamond ring. If it weren’t for his gambling debts, he wouldn’t have been murdered.”
“Commiserations over your loss,” declared Jones.
Jessica made a flippant hand gesture. “I’ll never forgive him for leaving me penniless. I say good riddance to the ring. I’m hoping never to see it again. I want all ties to my dead husband to fade into history. It’s the reason why I’ve dropped the ‘Mrs.’ back to ‘Miss.’”
“Your explanation sounds believable. Our conversation is at an end. Have a good day, Miss. Hayes. I’ll keep an ear out for news of your guns.”
“Police Officer Jones you are more than welcome to visit me at the Rosedale. If you decide to come, try to make it after lunch. I’m sure there will be fresh damper on the table. If you’re lucky, there might be scones in the oven.”
“I might keep you to your word.”
Jessica and Lightening watched the man walk along the street. For a few brief seconds, he stopped to look into the bank’s window before walking on towards the police station.
“What a strange conversation,” stated Lightening Dawn.
“Yes, I’d have to agree. I’m optimistic we more than aroused the man’s suspicions.”
“Your acting skills were superb.”
“Thank you. It does pain me to act like a boss towards you,” moaned Jessica.
“It has to be that way. You must never forget,” cautioned Lightening.
“I think we should quickly fill our shopping list and get back to the Rosedale. I have a strong feeling we’re going to receive a visitor in the not-too-distant future. After every square inch of the Rosedale has been scrutinized, I’m confident we’ll be able to have a normal life together. How are your plans coming along for our wedding?”
“Will tomorrow be soon enough?”
“I think I can spare the day. I only hope I can contain my excitement.” Jessica watched the street. Seeing no one, she smiled seductively. “The way I’m feeling right now is the reason why we must leave this town quickly. We can’t risk anyone guessing what’s really going on.”
Lightening Dawn nodded. In fact, he wanted nothing more than to sweep his fiancé off the ground and kiss her.
Jessica and Lightening walked towards the lumber yard at the Southern end of town. While waiting for the owner to arrive, they window shopped. Jessica looked through a haberdashery shop window at the fine dresses. Lightening pretended to be waiting for the next command. The owner of the lumber yard shoved the large gate open. Jessica told him what she needed. The man hurried around collecting the material. Jessica paid the man while Lightening Dawn piled the timber into the wagon. When he had finished, Jessica and Lightening slowly walked along the street towards the bank.
At 8:50am the new bank clerk arrived. The thin man looked slightly nervous. More than once, Jessica caught him hitching his pants up as he walked along the street towards them.
“Good morning to both of you. I won’t be long.”
The man unlocked the door, stepped inside the building and closed the door. A few minutes later the door re-opened.
Jessica battered her eyelashes at the man.
“Care to sit inside while I finish racing around getting things in order?”
“Yes, thank you,” answered Jessica.
Lightening Dawn held the door open for Jessica. She stepped across the threshold and walked to the wooden bench seat behind the door. Lightening stood next to Jessica.
At exactly 9:00 o’clock, Jessica heard a shuffle of feet from behind the floor to ceiling wall. Somewhere a floorboard creaked. The clerk slid a wooden shutter sideways and poked his face through the narrow gap. He had discarded his hat, revealing a few sprigs of brown hair. He looked over the top of his reading glasses, displaying the same friendly expression as when he opened the door to the bank.
In unison, Jessica and Lightening Dawn ventured over.
“I’m sorry to keep you waiting; rules are rules. I can’t serve the first customer of the day before 9:00am. Now, Madam, how may I help you today?”
“I want to open an account please,” announced Jessica.
“Certainly.” The man reached under the bench, pulling out a small blue book the size of a young girl’s diary. He looked at Jessica. “The book is a new idea. The explanation is simple. Due to the robbery, the powers of ‘BE’ have changed the way I must conduct my business. This book is called a bank book. There’s no need to visit the bank to know how much money you have invested.”
“Technology, when will it end?” Jessica remarked.
The man chuckled, lifting his pencil. “The bank will guarantee any losses if this place should ever be robbed again.”
“You have put my mind at ease.”
“Your name?” asked the clerk, looking directly at Jessica. “For the account to be opened, I must record your name in the book.”
“Can I have two names on the account?” asked Jessica.
The man pondered the question for a few brief seconds. “I believe there isn’t a rule saying you can’t.”
“Jessica Hayes and Lightening Dawn,” said Jessica, trying to sound casual.
“Will I add a Miss or a Mrs. to your name?”
“Definitely a Miss,” sighed Jessica. “Lightening Dawn is my overseer; he’ll have a Mr. in front of his name. He will have the authority to withdraw any funds he requests out of the account.”
The clerk stopped writing the names. Looking up, his expression gave away the fact he wasn’t happy.
“Is there something wrong?”
“No.”
The man pushed his reading glasses further on to his nose. When he finished writing the names on the inside of the small blue book, he dropped his glasses on the bench.
“I’m not one to pry into other people’s affairs; I’ve noticed your overseer is aboriginal. I think giving the man authority over your finances isn’t a wise move.”
Jessica leaned closer to the gap in the wall. “Are your harsh words supposed to mean something important?”
“Seeing how I’m a bank employee I feel it’s my obligation to mention my concern.”
“You needn’t worry yourself about how I conduct my banking affairs.”
The clerk started to tremble. He lifted his left hand to flatten what little hair still grew on his head. “You are correct. It is none of my business. How much were you thinking of investing?”
Jessica plucked three gold nuggets out of her pocket. “I want to invest these,” she stated, placing them on the counter.
The man’s jaw fell open.
“Careful, Sir, there a lot of flies out today.”
“Where did you find these beauties?”
“If you must hear an answer, Mr. Dawn and I were preparing to replace the back-gate post on the Rosedale homestead when Mr. Dawn dug them out of the ground. How much are they worth?”
“I’ll be able to answer your question after I weigh the nuggets. I’ll only be a minute.”
The clerk scooted into the back room and put the gold nuggets on the scales. He returned muttering under his breath. He looked directly at Jessica. Under his left eye a nerve twitched.
“The total weight of the nuggets is thirty-six ounces. In total, the bank owes you one hundred and fifty pounds. When I’ve written the numbers in the book, you can go celebrate your find.”
“Your news has made my day,” announced Jessica.
“How many pound notes are you thinking of withdrawing?”
“None,” answered Jessica. “I’ll have a good think about what I’ll spend the money on. Besides, there might be more gold nuggets.”
“Miss. Hayes, I’d keep your find under wraps if you know what I mean? If you don’t, in a few days there will be a mob of people standing at your doorstep. Each person will be holding a pick and shovel. Discovering gold anywhere near the Rosedale is big news.”
“I’ll heed your friendly warning.”
“Before you leave it is amazing how news spreads,” hinted the clerk sarcastically.
“I think I understand where you’re coming from. Seeing how you have given incredible service this morning, I think a tip could go a long way to help keep your tongue quiet. How much do you recommend?”
“Ten pounds will buy you peace of mind.”
“Agreed,” snarled Jessica.
The clerk busied himself writing the numbers in the book and filling out a withdrawal slip for the total amount of ten pounds. When he finished, he stared at Jessica.
“Thanks for banking here today. Have a nice day.”
Jessica swiped the bank book from the man’s hand. She bid him a good day and followed Lightening Dawn outside.



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN



THE FOLLOWING morning Lightening Dawn woke early to finalize the wedding day plans. He finished trimming an arch in the side of the pepperbush tree. Twice daily for almost a month, he watered the grass growing at the base of the tree. He raked and cut the soft luscious dark green grass by hand. Next, he walked through the bush searching for flowers. Inside an hour, he finished and trotted towards the barn, two wooden buckets full of an assortment of colored flowers. The wedding ceremony will have one bucket of flowers, and the other bucket of flowers will be set aside for the wedding night. Wanting the night to be perfect, he studied the clouds. He smiled at knowing the weather was still favorable. At 3:30 in the afternoon he strategically placed the flowers throughout the area around the arch to add color.
Lightening Dawn stepped onto the homestead verandah and walked towards the kitchen door. Gip appeared in the doorway, banning him from entering.
“You can’t come in, Jessica is getting ready,” she howled, shooing him away. “You’ll see her at 4:00 o’clock.”
Lightening Dawn back stepped off the verandah and walked towards the barn. 4:00 o’clock in the afternoon couldn’t come soon enough. When they looked at each other’s eyes as they said their wedding vows, they both understood no one except Gip and her brothers could witness the ceremony.
Gip closed the kitchen door and walked across the room to where Jessica sat painting her nails red. “You’re going to look beautiful.”
“Thank you. I’m looking forward to the time I become Mrs. Dawn and afterwards tasting the rabbit stew and the home-grown vegetables, your brothers are cooking.”
“They can’t cook good as me,” Gip hinted. “They do alright.”
Jessica ruffled her curly hair. “The three of you can cook very well.”
Gip placed her hands on her hips. “There’s no time for an English lesson, 4:00 o’clock will be here soon. You have to be ready.”
At exactly 4:00pm, Jarrah, Cobar, and Lightening Dawn were standing under the arch. Every few seconds Lightening looked at the house for Jessica then glanced at the flowers he’d placed around the area. He certainly didn’t want them to start wilting.
Jessica looked out of the kitchen window. “Lightening appears to be a little nervous.”
Gip stood on her toes. She shrugged.
“I’ll explain it to you one day. Come on; I can’t wait any longer.”
Gip opened the homestead door and walked down the two steps, humming her favorite tune. Halfway to the pepperbush tree, Gip stopped to look over her shoulder at the homestead.
The back door squeaked open. Jessica stepped into view. With a smile she stood in the doorway. Lightening Dawn looked directly at her. His grin couldn’t get any wider. He watched nervously as Jessica descended the two verandah steps. Gluing her gaze on her future husband, Jessica started walking. She held tight a bunch of white wildflowers Gip had picked two hours earlier. Jessica wore her cream-colored dress, the one she wears to church the first Sunday of each month. Her long hair cascaded off her shoulders, curling at the ends. A pair of white pearl earrings dangled from her earlobes.
“You look a splendor of beauty,” Lightening announced, when his bride stepped next to him.
“Thank you,” said Jessica. “You look extra handsome in your black suit.”
Lightening cradled his bride then escorted her under the pepperbush tree.
“I want to apologize for the small number of guests.”
“The number of guests is of no consequence. The only thing on my mind is marrying you,” whispered Jessica.
Jarrah, Cobar, and Gip stood in front of Lightening and Jessica. They wanted an unrestricted view of the soon-to-be married couple.
Lightening gently took hold of Jessica’s hands and focused on her eyes.
“Jessica, although I don’t speak good English well, I want you to know I will love you all the days of my life. I am a blessed man to have such a beautiful woman at my side. Each year the birds and the animals pair off. They build a home in which to raise their young. I have found the special someone in you. We have a home, and we have a family. I will protect you and look after you all my living days.”
Lightening Dawn lifted Jessica’s left hand to eye level.
“Seeing how there’s no gold ring due to the fact we must keep the union between us an absolute secret, I have thought of something I hope you will approve of.”
He kissed Jessica’s finger seven times exactly where the gold ring would be.
“Each kiss represents one day of the week. They are there to remind you in the years to come each day I will live up to what I have said today.”
Jessica looked at Gip. Tears were rolling down over her cheeks. She smiled and focused on Lightening Dawn.
“I Jessica will love you, Lightening Dawn, all the days of my life. I know you will protect me and keep me from harm to the best of your ability.” She kissed the back of his hand. “My kiss seals what I have said to be true.”
“Kiss, Kiss,” chanted Gip.
Lightening and Jessica didn’t disappoint the girl. They embraced then kissed for a long time. The three kids cheered. Even the kookaburras joined in by laughing. A few red and grey kangaroos stopped eating the grass and looked over.
“It’s dinner time,” yelled Gip and her brothers.
Gip grabbed hold of Jessica’s hand, pulling her back to the homestead.
The group devoured the rabbit stew in minutes. The freshly cooked scones and jam were also eaten the moment they were put on the table for the dessert. Coffee came next then the dishes were cleaned.
Lightening Dawn held out his hand. Jessica reached out, taking a hold of it. With a proud expression, Lightening escorted Jessica out onto the verandah. The first of the stars were twinkling in the sky. The full moon had just risen above the tree tops. The birds were settling for the night. A hint of a warm breeze blew across the land.
“What have you got planned?” asked Jessica, wrapping her arms around her husband’s waist.
“Mrs. Dawn, I’ve been working extra hard to give you a night you will never forget,” stated Lightening.
Jessica cuddled hard against his chest. “So far, the day has been extra special. Even the weather has been perfect.” She held out her hand. “Mr. Dawn, please take me to what you have in store for us tonight.”
Lightening carried Jessica down the verandah steps, walking briskly towards the barn. He swung the door open using his free hand. Stepping over the threshold, he pulled the door shut.
“The barn door didn’t squeak!” exclaimed Jessica.
“I squeezed oil from a bale of sheep wool to oil the hinges.”
“What a thoughtful thing to do.” For more than a minute she stared at the far wall. “You have placed all the tools belonging to the Rosedale from largest on the left to the smallest on the right. You’ve certainly being busy. I’m impressed at how you’ve gone out of your way to make tonight memorable.”
Lightening couldn’t contain his excitement. He carried Jessica to the wooden ladder which led to the loft. After climbing the ladder, he closed the trap door.
Jessica looked around the clean dust free room. “I love the flowers you’ve placed everywhere.”
“Thank you.”
“The loft smells fresh,” whispered Jessica.
“It should. I removed the old hay which has been stored up here for months. I have also swept the entire area.”
Lightening Dawn walked across the floor. He lit a kerosene lantern which hung from a new straight nail on the main beam that supported the roof. A warm glow lit the room. A blanket covered the thick layer of new hay. Lightening Dawn opened the window. The warm breeze wafted in. The stars were countless; The moon looked bright.
Lightening turned down the lantern to half. The narrow room quickly plunged into semi-darkness. He stepped next to Jessica, placing his hands on her hips.
“You seem nervous,” he said with a sigh.
“I think you’re nervous too.”
Lightening hugged his bride. For a long time, they stood in the middle of the loft kissing. The breeze lightly buffeted the ends of Jessica’s hair. Eventually, Lightening took hold of her hand and escorted her to the window.
Cradled in the man’s arms, Jessica looked at the landscape. She breathed in the air, taking in every second of the romantic night.
“I’m certain I can smell the aroma of the rabbit stew,” she whispered.
Lightening slowly turned her head so he could look at her shiny blue eyes.
“I hope you love the room for our wedding night?”
Jessica smiled. There would be no more talk tonight. For the first time in her life, Jessica felt completely loved. Lightening Dawn had picked the perfect night. Any problems yet to come quickly faded out. She wanted to soak in the love they were about to share.
Lightening carried Jessica to the blanket in the hay. He peeled his shirt off. He lifted her wedding dress above her head. Jessica took hold of it, tossing it to the side.
Pushing skin against skin they kissed.
Everything about Lightening Dawn was large. Jessica rubbed her hands up and down his back. She could feel the tension in his muscles. Lifting her arms, she took hold of his shoulders. Dropping to her knees she lay prone, dragging the man down on top of her. She knew it’ll be nothing short of scandalous if anyone ever discovered they made love. She didn’t care. She wanted the man. He excited her in a way she never felt before. Jessica couldn’t think of the exact reason why they had been drawn together. Whether it was the color of his skin or the gentle words he always spoke, or the dare to be different, or if it were the scandal that might develop if they stayed together. None of those questions needed an answer. She couldn’t wait to slip into a world of love.
Hour after hour the breeze fanned their naked silhouettes. Secretly Jessica prayed for a long night.



CHAPTER NINETEEN



THE FIRST rays of sunlight in the morning after the wedding night highlighted Jessica and Lightening standing at the loft’s window wrapped in a large blanket. Lightening stood behind Jessica with his arms around his wife’s waist. Morning glory looked perfect. Ribbons of orange stretched across the sky in a magnificent light show. A few white clouds were slowly drifting over the Rosedale. Jessica knew all too well the beautiful sunrise won’t last long and the white clouds would be replaced by black ink-colored clouds in the not-too-distant future. She lifted her hands and hugged Lightening’s neck. He twisted her around so he could kiss his wife.
Lightening Dawn talked first.
“I love you,” he whispered.
“I love you too,” whispered Jessica, exhaustion nipping at her heels. She barely felt the strength to keep her fingers interlocked behind his neck.
The blanket they had wrapped around their naked body fell on to the floor. One more round of love making was yet to come.
Both heard the horse hooves at the same time. Lightening Dawn quickly lowered Jessica to the floor. Together they studied the land. They spied Jones from the newly opened police station emerging from the scrub on a black stallion. He steered his horse through several stray sheep as he made a bee-line for the homestead’s verandah. At the steps, he paused searching for human life. He dismounted. After tying his horse’s reins to the verandah post, he climbed the stairs. Gip met him at the door.
“Where’s the owner of the homestead?” Jones asked, looking down his nose at the girl.
Gip curtsied and pointed to the barn.
Jones raised his hat to the girl, marching towards the barn.
Jessica winked at Lightening Dawn. “It’s show time.”
Both quickly dressed and climbed down the wooden ladder from the loft. The visitor met Jessica at the barn door.
“Good morning, Sir,” greeted Jessica.
“Morn,’ you’re up early.”
Jessica folded her arms, staring at the man. “You’re kind of early for a visit yourself. Is this a business or social visit?”
“Business,” stated Police Officer Jones.
“I see. This sounds serious. If you came for a social visit, I’d have asked Gip to make fresh scones,” chirped Jessica.
“Who is Gip?”
“The young girl you met at the homestead.”
“You need not trouble the girl. By the way, you saw me coming?”
“Yes, we were in the barn. I wanted to make sure Lightening Dawn knew exactly what jobs must be done today.”
Jones grunted. Cutting a glance over Jessica’s shoulder, he studied the interior of the barn at length.
“Are you searching for something in particular?” asked Jessica, trying to see what he might have been looking at.
“Girl, I’m on the trail of bushrangers. Nothing escapes my eyes.”
“Care to have a closer inspection?” asked Jessica.
Jones grunted again, stepping through the doorway. “A place for everything,” he recited.
“And everything in its place,” taunted Jessica, finishing the verse. She faked a smile as Jones flashed her a suspicious look.
Jones kept up his stare, stepping outside.
“Seeing how you’ve arrived at the Rosedale; did you bring good news on my possessions?”
“No, I haven’t any news yet,” grunted Jones.
“Why have you come all this way?”
“Yesterday, I stumbled upon what I think might be a fresh lead.”
“It looks like you might be receiving a bonus in your pay. Maybe even the promotion you mentioned.”
“I hope so. Miss Hayes, I’d like to poke around a bit. I’ve been told by the local Ferrier if I followed the narrow trail from the town I’d end up here.”
“It’s good to see you were told the correct information.”
“You failed to mention you borrowed a horse from the man. He told me you kissed him to seal the deal.”
Jessica swatted the air with her hand. “I thought nothing of it. I wanted to get to the Rosedale. Seeing how I’d been robbed and didn’t have much money I thought the negotiation deserved a kiss. I didn’t know taking advantage of the man constituted a crime?”
“It doesn’t.”
“Police Officer Jones, I got what I wanted. I have since returned the horse. I’ve done nothing illegal. Did the young man tell you I paid him two pennies for the use of his horse?”
“No, he didn’t. When I see him again, we’ll have words.”
“The next time I see the man I’ll remember to apologize for my actions. I will pay him any money he thinks is still outstanding.”
“I reckon he’ll thank you.” Jones sniggered and again poked his head inside the barn.
“Are you positive I can’t show you around in more detail?” asked Jessica.
“On second thoughts, I think it’s a good idea,” hissed Jones in a rather distasteful tone.
Jones followed Jessica into the barn. He walked next to her as she gave the guided tour.
“This is the ground floor of the barn. I asked Lightening Dawn to place all the tools belonging to the Rosedale on the far wall from largest on the left to the smallest on the right. A neat touch, don’t you think?”
Jones grunted at the neatness. He pointed at the floor above his head. “What’s in the loft?”
Jessica played it cool. She certainly didn’t want the man to climb the ladder to have a look around. To her he wasn’t stupid, he was trouble.
“Hay for the sheep, maybe a few rats, a couple of spiders; care to take a look?”
“It’s quite okay. I see you have a few horses.” Jones stepped into the first stall. He immediately studied the entire area from wall to wall.
Lightening Dawn descended the wooden ladder. He and Jessica watched the lawman’s antics. In several places, Jones pushed his shoulder against the wall and tapped a few times on the floor.
“I don’t understand what you’re looking for? If you shared your thoughts, I might be able to help,” said Jessica.
“I keep the facts to myself. When I have solid evidence, I’ll make an arrest. Is there a reason why you have five horses?”
“We use them to round up the sheep,” answered Lightening Dawn.
“How can you ride more than one horse at a time?”
“Gip and her brothers help me bring the sheep into the holding pens in the shearing season.”
“I see.” Jones stepped out of the stall. “Miss Hayes, can we have a word in private?”
“Yes, of course.” Jessica squared herself to Lightening Dawn. “You can start by throwing the hay out of the loft window to feed the sheep.”
He nodded and disappeared up the wooden ladder to the loft.
“Miss Hayes, I have decided to confide in you, my one positive lead.”
“I thought you keep your ideas to yourself right up to the time of an arrest?”
“You’re exactly correct.”
“I’m honored. You can trust me to keep your secret safe.”
Jones looked directly at Jessica. “I came across two dead men. I’m led to believe one of the men might have been involved in the bank robbery I mentioned the last time you were in town. I have been informed his name was Barry. I don’t suppose you’ve seen anyone lurking close to the Rosedale recently?”
“How recent?” Jessica asked.
“Three to four weeks.”
“What makes you so sure he’s still in the local area?”
“The trail began at the bank. There were three bushrangers involved in the robbery.”
“Three?” questioned Jessica.
“An eyewitness gave a great description. Two of the three bank robbers were indeed brothers. They escaped into the scrub. The third bushranger died during the robbery. I alone have been following their trail. It led me to an old man who made a temporary camp in the bush. He died close to Barry. Miss Hayes, I found the bodies not far from here.”
“I see.”
“The eyewitness stated in her report, one of the bushrangers carried two guns. Both were silver with a horse etched in gold into the side of the hand grip. I believe they are the same ones stolen from you.”
“I hope you find the man. If you do, please get my two-silver-colt .45’s back. They belonged to my uncle.”
“I will catch him,” Jones assured confidently.
“I’m impressed. Your enthusiasm is outstanding. I don’t mean to place a seed of doubt in your mind when I tell you I haven’t seen anyone around here.”
“I don’t want to be too much trouble; may I speak to your overseer and your hired help?”
Jessica pushed two fingers into her mouth. The loud shrill of her whistle made Gip and her two brothers run towards the barn. Lightening Dawn climbed down the ladder from the loft. He hurriedly marched over.
Jones shook the hand of the three kids, but only glared at Lightening Dawn. “I have been informed the three of you have been busy?”
The boys and Gip nodded.
“We have, though there’s plenty of wood still to be chopped, not to mention the gate we have to fix,” added Lightening Dawn.
“Yes, I saw it when I arrived. I can tell by looking over the Rosedale you have been working hard. Of late, I’ve been wondering why there’s a fresh mound in the middle of the paddock?”
“A dead sheep,” explained Jessica.
“It’s a strange place to bury a sheep.”
“He was too heavy to move and a bit on the nose.”
“I think I might take a closer look if you don’t mind?”
“Sure, go right ahead.”
Jessica snatched up the long-handle shovel and gave it to Jones. He in turn walked briskly across the land. For nearly a minute he stared at the mound of dirt. He looked to be summing up if what Jessica told him was true.
Jessica strolled across the paddock. Lightening Dawn brought up the rear.
“Which one of you buried the sheep and how long ago?” asked Jones.
Lightening Dawn bucked up. “Two weeks ago. I woke at daybreak. I stepped out onto the verandah to view the station. I saw the sheep lying on the ground. I ran over and found he’d died a few hours earlier. I didn’t want to wake Miss. Hayes. I fetched the long-handle shovel and dug the hole. In fact, the shovel I used is the one you’re holding. Miss Hayes saw me digging. She came running over to investigate.”
“I made sure the sheep was dead before Lightening Dawn pushed the old ram into the hole.”
“Don’t you think it strange helping your overseer to complete such a menial task?”
“Mr. Dawn didn’t want to admit his shoulder felt stiff. Being his boss; I decided I’d give him a break by helping him fill in the hole. I can’t see a problem with my idea.”
Jones eyeballed Jessica through slits. “You don’t strike me to be much of a boss. Not tough enough for my liking. Tell me, did you consider taking the wool from the carcass before burying the animal?”
“I did,” answered Jessica. “I decided against the idea. I didn’t want to risk touching the wool in case it was diseased.”
“I can’t say for certain, and I’m no expert on sheep, I’d imagine the wool to have been too precious to bury in the ground.”
“In your opinion, what should I have done?”
“Find someone who knew about these matters; maybe one of your neighbours?”
“Mr. Dawn is expert enough for me. Besides, the longer a dead sheep is lying on top of the ground the easier it is to infect the remainder of my flock. I didn’t want to take the chance.”
Jones pushed the shovel’s metal blade into the mound of dirt. He rolled his long-sleeved shirt up to his elbows and scratched his head to get off the subject. ‘There’s nothing worse than an angry woman,’ he thought.
“I hope you understand I have to do this? It’s a police formality. All leads have to be assessed and acted upon, no matter how trivial.”
Jessica pouted. She stepped back and lifted her hands into the air. “Police Officer Jones you’re a brave man. I certainly don’t want to smell the remains of a decomposing sheep.”
Jones set to work attacking the mound of dirt. Jessica and Lightening watched on; amazed at his eagerness to follow any whiff of a lead.
“Do you always get your man?” asked Jessica.
“So far, I have. I’m aiming for an unblemished record.” Jones looked up from the dig. “No failures.”
“Good for you,” said Jessica.
The deeper the hole, the stronger the smell of rotting meat wafted out of the ground. The ram looked almost completely uncovered when Jones decided to pack it in. Holding his breath from the smell, he quickly covered the green slimy animal with dirt. The smell lingered in the air long after he handed Lightening Dawn the shovel.
Jones remarked in an official voice. “I’m satisfied you run a profitable homestead. Everything is above board. However, there is one remaining question I’m compelled to ask. It is somewhat of a personal nature. If you don’t want to answer, I won’t hold it against you.”
“Ask away,” said Jessica. “I’ve nothing to hide. If answering your questions helps to get my possessions back, I’ll be more than happy to help in any way I can.”
Jones pointed to the pepperbush tree growing near the homestead. “I’ve noticed someone has cut an arch out. I’m curious in finding out why?”
“That’s easy to explain,” Lightening interrupted. “I cut the arch. Every time Miss. Hayes went to sit under the pepperbush tree for a rest, she had to duck her head to enter. I thought it might be a good gesture if I cut the arch to make it easy for her.”
“Won’t the flies get in more easily?”
“They hate the smell of the pepperbush tree. They never venture in.”
“Thank you for clearing up my question. I never knew. For an overseer, it seems to me you’re going out of your way to please your boss?”
“Miss. Hayes has been good to me. I repay her by doing what I can.”
Jones walked to his horse. Before he mounted, he looked over his shoulder. “Miss. Hayes, thank you for showing me around the Rosedale.”
“If you locate the last remaining bushranger and find my guns, I’d love to have them back,” stated Jessica.
“What about the blue diamond ring?”
“If you were to find it, I’d say you should be considered in moving up the police ranks.”
“Miss. Hayes, I will have you know I’ll never stop searching. I’m still puzzled over why you didn’t add the ring to the list of your stolen possessions? To me, you seem to only focus on the guns.”
“Police Officer Jones, I have already written the ring off. Saying that, I do live in hope, there is a slim chance you will unearth it. However, if you only find my guns, I will be indebted to you.”
“A fair comment,” said Jones.
“I can smell scones cooking. You are more than welcome to stay to sample Gip’s cooking.”
Jones shot his hands into the air. “Thanks for the invite. I have to be getting back to the station. I want to read over my notes about the robbery in case I’ve overlooked anything. Lately, my thoughts are swaying towards the idea the bushranger known to us as Dan, shot his brother and the third bushranger.”
“Why would he shoot his brother?”
Jones displayed a haunting stare. “How did you know they might have been brothers?”
“You mentioned the fact earlier.”
“Did I?”
Jessica played his gambling hand. Her future as the Mrs. Dawn depended on the next few minutes. She looked directly at Jones. “Yes, you did.” She watched Jones rub the stubble on his chin. He looked deep in thought. Possibly even searching through his mind bringing forth every word he spoke since they first met.
Jones grunted. “Yes, you may be correct. Before riding to either Sydney or the Adelaide hills, Dan might have decided to keep the entire loot for himself. He could quite easily have shot his two accomplices and the old man. He certainly has a lot of gold and money. He may never be caught.” Jones tipped his wide-brimmed police hat at Jessica. “I will not bother you again unless I have the guns in my hand.”
“Or the ring,” added Jessica.
Jones lifted his body weight on to the saddle. For a fraction of a second, Jessica saw him hesitate. She held her breath hoping he didn’t want to re-dig the mound of dirt instead of riding off. In a polite gesture, Jones dipped his hat at her for the second time, gave his horse a slight kick and rode off to find another clue.
“The visit went well,” whispered Lightening, stepping next to Jessica. “For a few seconds I thought he might have us hanging at the end of a rope.”
Jessica waited for the dust cloud created by the lawman’s horse to disperse. When a full minute had ticked off, she reached out and took hold of Lightening’s hand.
“I’ve just realized we have pulled off the perfect robbery. We left no evidence. We buried the only witness who could tell anyone about us. The lawman dug a hole to find out if the object in the ground might be the bushranger. To his surprise, he discovered a dead sheep. If he remotely suspected us, he doesn’t anymore.”
Lightening Dawn let go of Jessica’s hand only to place his arm around his wife’s waist. He gave her a long sweet kiss.
“The only thing left to do is spend our fortune wisely. The most important fact is we have to make sure no one ever knows we are married.”
“What of the ring?” Lightening asked.
“The story surrounding the legendary blue diamond can travel down our ancestry line for hundreds of years, beginning with the one forming in my womb.”


The legend continues in book two in the series.
Here is the snippet of the beginning.


CHAPTER ONE


Australian autumn 1850AD


THE TALL aboriginal man peeled himself away from his twenty-two-year-old wife. He stood next to the bed lustfully studying her white skin, long blonde hair, her womanly shape. For a long time, he watched her breathing. On a sigh, he walked to the open window. The early autumn breeze wafting in over the Australian sheep station, aptly named, ‘The Rosedale’ cooled his naked body.
Jessica Hayes couldn’t move. She felt exhausted. Making love to the man trying to satisfy his lust for her was an experience she needed to learn. The physique of Lightening Dawn looked magnificent. His skin, the color of the ace of spades wrapped his tight buttocks, deep chest, and strong abs into one six-foot-tall love machine.
For close to a minute, Jessica watched him standing side on to her, staring out of the window. Eventually, she tore her gaze away from her husband and studied the sky.
‘There’s still three hours of darkness left,’ she thought inwardly
Looking around the barn’s loft, she started to think back to their wedding night when they first made love. Lightening had been correct; she’d never forget their night. Her gaze fell upon the didgeridoo in the corner. Lightening played the hollow tree branch for her many times. She could still hear the deep whoa-whoa-whoa noise erupting from the long wooden pipe. Once in a while, when they enjoyed the evening air as a family, he’d play it for her and fourteen-year-old Jarrah, his twin brother Cobar and their sister, ten-year-old Gip. The sound coming from the didgeridoo when air is blown through the tube sounded mystical, unique.
“Lightening Dawn, are you okay?” Jessica whispered, struggling to lift her weight on to her left elbow.
“There’s something wrong.”


Dear reader,
Thank you for reading my novel ‘Legendary Blue Diamond’ I do hope you enjoyed it. Any feedback is gratefully accepted. The information you, the reader give, helps me to become a more professional author.

My novels are based on the Australian culture. Some of the spelling is Australian. Thanks for your understanding.

Again, thank you for your support, for without you, the reader, I wouldn’t have anyone to read my work.

Mark Stewart


Other novels I have written in the way of romance are

Kiss on the bridge series
Kiss on the bridge two
Kiss on the bridge three

The perfect gift

Legendary blue diamond
Legendary blue diamond two
Legendary blue diamond three

Don’t tell my secret. (Series)
201 May street
The girl from Emerald Hill
Ladies’ club
Book of secrets
Mistress

A vampire adventure
The Blood Red Rose
Blood Red Rose Two
Blood red Rose three

Crime novels: The Kendal Chronicles
Fire Games
Heart of a spider
I know your secret

Children: A Troglian knows and Luke’s cubby house: Malcolm’s cubby house.
Smashwords has various short stories.
Below is the opening page of some of my novels:


Synopsis: Kiss on the bridge: Adventure romance.

How would you react if a tall handsome stranger came up to you on new-years-eve and asked for a kiss?
Kiss on the bridge is set in the year 1974. Cyclone Tracy made landfall in Darwin on 25th December 1974 at 9:55am desecrating Darwin. After Tracy had swept the state there was nothing left except this story? Out of the ruins, love sparked and mushroomed between Anneli and Wade. They were destined to meet and tell their story for decades to come.

Kiss on the bridge two: Set in Australia in 1977. Meredith wakes in a coffin. She has no idea her hero is on the way. They meet and fall in love, but will the emotion be strong enough to keep them together?

The Perfect Gift. Adventure romance. Available Smashwords.

Naomi is twenty-six and doesn’t like the way all men mistreat her. She decides a change is needed and applies to be a jillaroo on a cattle station named the Oasis. Its location is in outback Australia. She meets a cowboy, Trent, who is a rodeo champion. They agree on a bet. Eventually both want out, but neither wants to be first.
Through a series of adventures that stretch from the city, to a fast flowing river in the outback where Trent must save Naomi from drowning, love germinates in the middle of a storm.
In her heart, Naomi is a woman who adores the city’s nightlife, but as the sun sets on each day, the Australian outback is enticing and the excitement of the city fades. Then she inadvertently saves the Oasis.
Love is growing, then Brandt; Naomi’s obsessive ex-boyfriend tracks her down. Can Trent save her one last time?


Synopsis: Blood Red Rose. Vampire adventure romance. Available on Smashwords.

“You can’t force me to drink that, I’m innocent,” yelled Haleton. “Rose-a-lee what have you done?”
There was no reply.
William Haleton is a normal man looking for love and the good life then the council of four modifies his DNA and uses him as a guinea pig. They transform him into a vampire. Pleading his innocence falls on deaf ears.
Haleton is hungry for the next evil soul, but deep down he has a burning desire for the love of a girl. Her blood is sweet and hypnotic. Her genetic makeup is his perfect match.
Being transported again through time is not an option.
The clock is ticking.
Haleton will do anything to stay by Amber’s side, but is it possible for her to love him? Can Craig Benyon, Amber’s close friend, be trusted? After all he loves her as much as William Haleton.
If an antidote to the vampire’s curse is found in time, will it be successful, or is everything Haleton going through part of the vampire curse?


Synopsis: Fire Games. Crime. First book in the series.

Detective Alan Kendal puts his life on the line to outplay the psychotic arsonist known as Patrick.
Detective Kendal is ordered to team up with Detective Claire Ambroso, whom he’s known since school, but she carries a secret and he has a grey past. Which one will come forward to haunt first? Kendal grows suspicious of his new partner when she aims her gun directly at him and pulls the trigger. What’s her motive? Is she Patrick’s accomplice? If not, who is?
How can Patrick always be one step ahead? Does Kendal have enough time to rescue his kidnapped twelve-year-old daughter, Tegan, before Patrick’s fiery finale?


Synopsis: Heart of a spider. Crime. Second book in the series. Available Smashwords.

Detective Kendal is on the trail of a patient who has escaped the mental institution and wants to sever Kendal’s life line. The chase is complicated by the visitation of a ghost and the appearance of a supposed vigilante. 
Kendal doesn’t believe in ghosts, but finds himself having a conversation as he stares at one. His partner, Claire Ambroso has to fight for her life when Kendal is told to meet GP at the wharf when the moon is at the highest point in the night sky.
Confusion sets in at a local supermarket when a robbery goes wrong and someone in Kendal’s family is shot.
The trap is set for the person who masterminded the escape and a final shoot out at the hospital reveals amazing results that astounds even Kendal.

Synopsis: I know your secret. Crime. Third book in the series. Available Smashwords.

Everyone has a secret. Some people take theirs to the grave. Some hold their desires inside for a lifetime. Some stew on their secret all their life, and then they get revenge.
I know your secret is a suspenseful crime novel. Melbourne homicide detective Alan James Kendal and his partner Detective Claire Ambroso have to locate a missing teenage girl. The case hots up when he is introduced to a medium. She seems to hold all the knowledge of the case except a few minor details, like, why did Kendal find an empty bullet shell that had a note inside that read, ‘I was paid to miss.’

