Light of Darkness (Witch Apocalypse, Book 2)
Copyright © 2021 by Rivka Zohar
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This e-book has been provided to you by the author and publisher for your individual use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any manner. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please inform the publisher.
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.
This book is a work of fiction.  Any references to real people or real locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, things, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events, locales, persons, or things, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Special Thanks to Joe Konrath for your writing advice which inspired some of this novel. Thank you to Nev & Ari for the book cover collaborations and designs. Thank you to my parents for your support. Much gratitude to my husband for your support and help with my writing. Thank you to Rabbi Shimon bar Yochai, my teacher. Thank you most of all to God for Your love and for Your forgiveness of all my sins.
To Eitan
Light of Darkness
(Witch Apocalypse, Book 2)
Rivka Zohar
1
The Year 2042
My mama and seven-year-old brother moan in their unconsciousness upon the makeshift bed in our cave on the Southern California island. Do not die! Perspiration beads on my forehead just below my annoying widow’s peak as I rake my long albino-white hair out of my face with my long brown fingers. Just breathe. Looking down at Mum’s motionless brown face, my heart hammers exceedingly fast against my chest causing my skinny legs to tremble.
I hear a woman’s voice in my head say, “If you leave, I will make your mother betray you.” I feel a hard stabbing sensation in my palm and cannot help but shriek, but I ignore the voice. Leave me alone! Is someone enacting voodoo on me? I imagine a black-haired woman stabbing a doll that she made to look like me.
Sucking in a breath of the tropical, humid air that feels thick and nearly suffocating in my state of mind, I set giant palm leaves over my mama and my little brother’s bleeding torsos. “Fight…”  I say in a commanding voice. If I could see myself in a reflection upon the water of the nearby bayou where I like to spend time alone thinking or reading, I expect that right now if I take off my horn-rimmed glasses in the intensity of the circumstances that my normally dull blue eyes would probably look fierce and hot like the blue translucent circumferences surrounding the flames of fire. “Fight…” I tuck my mother’s brown curly hair and the locks of my brother’s overgrown brown hair under the palm leaves. “Fight and don’t ever give up.” Neither of them responds to my commands.
Before my mama, Shell Cossette, was shot, she said she would disown me if I ever go into the metropolis without her. She has her superstitious reasons and is controlling, but what can I do? As far as I am concerned, I have no choice. She and my brother, Zip, will die if I do not go.
For the past couple of days, I have been swimming to the mainland and traversing the shoreline and forest hoping to find someone I might be able to trust to help me even though my mama would forbid that too. My endeavors have been fruitless. Anyone I did see, looked suspicious to me. My intuition gave me a cautious feeling about them. I saw one tall man in profile with broad shoulders wearing a white top hat, a white leather coat, and white leather pants husking wood with a knife as he traversed the shoreline. He looked dangerous. I have no other choice but to go to the metropolis. I hope to find someone trustworthy.
It is extremely perilous leaving our hiding place on the island in pursuit of the city. Admittedly, I am frightened, but Mum and Zip require antibiotics to heal their gunshot wounds. I hope predators or witches or warlocks do not attack them and steal our survival supplies while I am away. My stomach ties in knots at the thought of practitioners of the dark arts.
If I am swift and do not get murdered, maybe I can get antibiotics to save their lives. I would be devastated without them. Even though I am already nineteen years old, my mama and brother are my everything. I have been living in isolation with them for so long. If I am lucky enough to obtain the antibiotics, I will keep it a secret where I attained them from. My lanky body trembling, I take off barefoot running toward the water.
*
After a long swim, I heave myself out of the sea into a dark nook along the Sea Forest coast on the mainland. My breathing is rapid. My long white hair clings to my nakedness covering my brown body like a short wrap-around gown tapering off at the edges of my skinny thighs. I lug a chain of wiggly fat trout and a sack of clams and sea snails for haggling. I unhook my horn-rimmed glasses from the chain, wipe them off with my fingers, and put them on my face. Even though I can see well without the glasses, I feel most comfortable having something to hide behind. I do not like people looking at me. The sky looks black with a reddish haze along the horizon where the water meets the atmosphere assumedly from the smog of looting fires in the metropolis.
Now at the edge of the forest, without drying off, I dress in my deceased grandmother’s blue plaid dress with an attached red bowtie. The day prior I flung this old gown over a branch so that it would be here for me tonight. I seize the equestrian lead rope and halter I had concealed amid some boulders.
Unexpectedly, my heartrate accelerates. My frame becomes rigid like a stiff plastic doll. I detect I might not be alone as I anticipated. In the calm tempos of the dark, I perceive the slightest resonances of consciousness. I crook my head around, holding my glasses on my face, and duck down, nearly tumbling over, but do not see a soul.
Yonder, a tree branch seems to crack. I suck in a sharp breath. At once, I whip around to see. My long, wet hair flaps out to the side and slaps against my plaid gown. What is that? Remembering my circumstances, I force my body to still. Slowly, I lean my head forward. My torso and legs are as stiff as barnacles on a coral reef. I perceive gold eyes gazing at me through some scrub. My breath quickens.
“I have bullets,” I cajole, hoping to frighten the seeming predator. I have never seen gold eyes. But, prior to completing my explication, the eyes seem to vanish.
My ears perceive an urgency of movement, yet I am unable to gain shrewd perception of the form that appears to dart and interchange along the shore in rapid progression. Shaggy dark hair blows in the wind and a muscular physique progresses with unexpected agility. I sense masculinity. Is the figure a man? I believe he is male, but I suspect he must be a warlock. Yet, if he has black magic at his hands, I do not understand why he runs away with such powers that I shy away from. From my knowledge, he should have attacked me.
Dumbfounded, I gaze at the silhouette rushing down the beach away from me like a huge black lion chasing after its prey as he fades into the night. I guess it is not me that he wants. My heart pounds against my chest as I crumple to the ground.
“Ah, how sweet,” the female voice says in my head. “You like him.”
I feel the salty wind slow. The lead rope and halter beside me, I inhale the earthy scents of the damp dirt and greenery mixed with the odor of my trout, clams, and sea snails on my lap still twitching. Adjusting my bowtie, I gaze up at the night sky through the trees and try to soothe myself with the plethora of glimmering stars. The heat of the hot summer air seems to dry my brown body somewhat from the seawater as I pull in my awkward legs under my plaid dress and hug my waify, boyish figure to soothe my fright.
“Snap out of it, Vanille Cosette.” I scold myself the way my mama does when my mind drifts off to fantasy worlds or to the beauty around me while I neglect my studies, chores, or whatever task that is at hand. At least my mama is not here to tie me to a tree. Pull yourself together. Focus. Time is precious. I remind myself I am in a distressed rush. With that, I scramble to my feet, grabbing up the lead rope and halter. At once, I take off running in the direction of the metropolis. I hope the young, hulking man with gold eyes and scary black hair does not change his mind and come after me.
Before I reach the city, below the trees I spot the abandoned horses. They are near the edge of the ravine and appear to be napping with their heads hanging low while their bodies seem in upright positions. As I move in closer, I realize that this is a different herd than I had encountered before. I wonder what happened to the horses I was familiar with. I slow my pace to a walk and then cease all movement momentarily as I survey my surroundings and then creep nearer. I brush intruding thoughts and fears of the man I saw prior on the shore from my mind forcing my attention on the rise and fall of the chest of my horse of choice. The sorrel stallion is mesmerizing! I want him so much. He looks strong and noble.
As I draw closer to the herd, I toss the twitching sea creatures over my shoulder. It is awful feeling their slimy fins through the fabric of my dress. My body tenses as I tie the lead rope into a slipknot and slide it open into a sort of circle. I swing it over my head for momentum like the cowboys of the dome cinema shows and lasso the sorrel stallion’s neck. Yes!
Astonished out of his slumber, he rears up and bucks several times. “Whoa!” I clasp the rope tighter. Dirt wafts skywards into the starlit night. The rest of the herd wakens snorting, huffing, and dancing around. Perspiration drips from the skin beneath the pointed tip of my white-haired widow’s peak on my forehead. I fear the mares may trample me.
I stamp my bare feet and swing my free arm as I yell out, “Haw, haw!” not as laughter, but as a threat. Some rear up, but seeing that their leader, presumedly a formally trained horse, is in my control, now prancing and snorting under my firm tugs, they shy away and then gallop off. I glance around regretting my hollers, hoping no witches or warlocks from the metropolis have heard me.
“Woah boy,” I say firmly yet calmly as I step forward with a tight grasp on the tail of the lasso. The stallion continues to settle down, blowing air through his nose while prancing slightly in place. My mama trained me well. Now that I have a closer look, I can tell by the brandings on his rear that this herd has most probably been previously broken in and trained for trail riding. In the chaos of the times, they must have strayed from their ranches.
I slide the halter over the stallion’s head. His eyes widen. He nods upwards, but I manage to fasten the clasp. Wishing I had a traditional bridle to control the horse, I make the best out of what I possess. I push my horn-rimmed glasses toward the upper part of my nose because they are sliding off from my perspiration. Undoing the lasso around his neck, I tie both sides of the rope through the lower metal ring on the halter and create reigns. With a makeshift hackamore in position on his head, I grab a lock of his mane, take a few quick steps rearward and then forward, throw my leg over his back with all my momentum, and pull myself upright into a sitting position.
Now that the full moon is rising, the light of both the moon and the stars glisten upon the stud’s sleek sorrel coat reminding me of the giant seahorses of the sea with their reddish shimmering scales. With the makeshift reigns in my hands, I squeeze the sides of the stallion with my legs and gently tap him with my heals. At the command he moves forward. I make a clicking sound with my mouth and he starts to trot. With the bouncing movement of the trot, relief washes over me now that I see the confirmation that he is indeed a trained horse. I draw in the reigns, turn his head slightly with another squeeze of my legs and a tap of my heals. Now we are off and loping out of the ravine. 
He seems to love to run. In a rush, we gallop over the parched hilly trails in the direction of the metropolis’s Sunset Boulevard. It is so dark out. My long white hair flies behind as it dries in the hot wind.
The last time I was in the metropolis was in the year 2036 with my mama just before we escaped to the island for shelter and voluntary quarantine after the release of the bio warfare Pokuth virus on the world. It was the second virus the secret rulers released. The first virus was a test and much milder. The second virus occurred about six years ago. My father, who I call Pop, died of Pokuth, but my mama, my brother, and I never caught it. Pokuth virus wiped out 64 percent of the population. They forced vaccines on the populace which were supposed to counter the virus, but with that they also laced the vaccinations with string quadrinotes that vibrated at extreme frequencies causing the victims to be more susceptible to world power targeted diseases and other forms of control. Most of the world fell under the rule of the Unith Coven, a powerful organization of witches and warlocks. Some people like Mum, Zip, and I were able to escape and go into hiding. Fury shoots through my body at the memories.
After a long ride, I see boulevard floodlights sweep through the vegetation where I rope the stallion to a solid tree branch. My body stiffens. For a moment, I suspect that I see gold eyes observing me from a different scrub. I hold my breath. Though, as I focus, the vision seems to have disappeared. Maybe the perception of the gold eyes was my imagination. I exhale.
Frustrated with my rapid pulse thundering through my limbs, I begin to head down the shadowy hillside on foot. When I hear a noise or see a flash of light, I hide behind decrepit homes. A rabbit or a wild dog scurries by or an owl flies from a tree. Once in the clear, I further my decent.
As I approach the bottom of the hillside, I see something. My body freezes again. A techorb rolls across the sky. Oh no. It would be awful if I am noticed. What will happen to my mama and Zip then? Do not think that way, Vanille. I try to assuage myself as I push these debilitating thoughts out of my mind.
Sunset Boulevard seems almost silent. Gasses and smoke appear to waft up from a few of the structures. The outrageous cupola cinema billboards appear to still be intact. Neon lights and sparklers surround them. In their arrogance, the witches and warlocks apparently preserved these advertisements like monuments to their idols.
Before the release of the Pokuth virus the majority of society’s elites were secret witches and warlocks, so it did not shock me to observe their mass media ads staring at me like false deities. The occultists bask in paganism. The silence of the boulevard feels eerie—most regular citizens are impoverished and not able to fund the maintenance of their roll cruisers or XO Ports anymore. Some of those who can afford to drive, fear entrapment and chose to drive, if at all, in more inconspicuous places.
Some of my contacts on the island instructed me to trade seafood for pharmaceuticals at the ransacked and now shut down Metaops Czz’s Plant where some people hide when darkness falls. I see the plant ahead and rush around to the back of the graphitized building and notice the word, “Dead” painted above a high window. The fine hairs on my skinny arms raise as I climb through a much lower, glassless window into the shadowy, dilapidated structure.
It is hard to see inside. I see some lit candles hanging from the ceiling far across the room. As I inhale, I almost choke from the urine scent in the stale air.
I hear a noise… a scuffle. It sounds like something rushes from one side of the room to the other. In fear, my breath quickens. I attempt to discern my surroundings, but in the dimness, the internal structure appears blurred. My line of vision is obscured by strewn boxes and dismantled fixtures and equipment.
I feel a sudden jolt! I gasp. To my shock, something seizes me and flings me to the ground.
Hot steamy breath smothers my face. I want to gag. “Who are you?” the figure whispers sharply and throws me onto my posterior side like a beached seal. I feel something cold and sharp on my throat. It must be a knife!
It is difficult to talk with the metal at my esophagus. “Vanille Cossette,” I respond, terrified I might pass out and not receive the drugs I need for my mama and Zip. My posterior feels bruised. Somehow my eyes gain a clearer focus through the fogged-up lenses of my glasses. I see that it is a skinny male with long hair on top of me. “My family was attacked. I have trout, sea snails, and clams. I want to trade for antibiotics.” My voice sounds like I am choking.
Someone beside us clears his throat. With the knife still at my neck, I shift my eyes to the side. I see a different guy. He looks tall and big boned with a dark complexion and a lot of facial hair. His hand lifts over me and he runs a kind of ultra-violet light over my head and along my torso and legs. “She’s pure,” he says.
Pure? I wonder what he is talking about.
The knife lifts from my throat. I notice the pressure dissolving and the skinny male with long hair gets off me. He is dressed in slacks and a button-down shirt. I am more than relieved to have him off my body because I am not used to any sort of masculine touch.
Off balance, I struggle to an upright stance. I look at both men for a moment over my glasses with my head cast down. My cheeks feel hot. I notice the other male is dressed respectably. “Uh,” I say awkwardly, finding it difficult to speak. I take the chain of trout and the bag of clams and the sea snails off my shoulder. “Here.” I keep my head down.
The skinny male shakes his head in seeming agreement and takes the sea creatures from me hungrily. He carries them to a counter and sets them on the other side of it. The big boned male walks out through a doorway behind some boxes.
“You a young thing,” the skinny long-haired guy says. “You live in the metropolis? I never see you.” He seems to be searching some shelves behind the counter in the dim light.
“I’m nineteen.” It bothers me that I look young for my age. I let my long white hair fall over my cheeks, so I can hide behind the locks. “We’re travelers,” I mumble ambiguously, feeling like I want to run away. “My mama, brother, and I try to keep out of the metropolis.”
“The witches and warlocks rape most girls, even sacrifice them.”
I know about this, but nonetheless, my body quivers uncontrollably at his words. Also, I must still be afraid of these men as well. Really, I do not know who they are. For all I know they might attack me themselves.
“Even though you dress like a drip, beauties like you are usually slaves to the witches. They will dress you in better attire. They torture slaves for entertainment.” His eyes narrow as he looks at me. “Beneath those ridiculous glasses, you have eyes like the sky and your face is fine featured with full lips, white hair like clouds, even if you are too skinny like me. The witches would probably keep you. You are a novelty. They might kill you for fun though.” The male set a small sack of medicine on the counter. “I tell you, make both. Take one in the morning and another in the night for ten days. You should cut off your hair. Too noticeable.” He pauses for a moment and stares at me. “Hmmm. Most unusual. Never seen a girl with white hair and coffee ice cream skin. What’s your ethnicity?”
“I’m a mutt.” I let my hair fall entirely in my face now. Clearing my throat, I whisper awkwardly through my locks, “My grandmother was an albino.”
He chuckles. “You sure are shy.”
This guy seems invasive. “I appreciate the trade. I can never cut my hair.” I don’t explain that before my father died from the Pokuth, he told me to never cut my hair. I stuff the sack of medicine in a pocket of my dress.
He wipes his hands with a towel. “Cross the boulevard with caution. If the techorb registered your body on the way here, the necromancers will be on the prowl for you. Invisible demons will be assigned to your being. Take off at full speed into the mountains. Stay away from technology.”
A lump forms in my throat. “I understand. Thank you.” I start to walk away with my head down wondering if I should give the same dose of antibiotics to my mama as to my little brother, but I don’t ask.
“They fly on brooms in the sky. Others come on land like ordinary people. They often dress in gothic clothing, have pale skin, and seem like the cool ones in the crowd. Seducers. But all of them smell like sewage. Translucent snakes, scorpions, and cockroaches trail behind them. Some can see and some can’t. Watch out.”
Brushing my hair back with my fingers, I barely nod without looking at him as I weave my way past the scattered boxes and equipment and climb out the back window. I do not hesitate. Running along, I crouch in the night behind trash bins, hologram vending machines, and radio booths. I creep through the blackness through the abandoned parking stretches and behind empty shoppes and run-down restaurants, thinking that if the techorb detected me earlier, the occultists might be looking for me in front of the Metaops Czz’s Plant. Once I get through all these lots and pass the newly constructed pyramids, I hope to cut across the boulevard and run for the hillside to my horse.
As I enter the final lot, I stumble upon a shadowy structure. It looks like witches and warlocks might be congregating inside behind a large window. I duck as I cross before the building, but I happen to catch a closer look at the males and females drinking and smoking inside. They look like ordinary people, but not afraid like the rest of us. Lots of muted laughter and talking behind the window. I hope I was not spotted.
To my dismay, I hear rustling beyond some greenery adjacent to the building where the sorcerers are partying. I catch whispers. Chills run up my spine. I am afraid to look over. “Help us!” someone calls in undertone. “Save us from the necromancers.”
I look over and see a big cage with people inside. Witches and warlocks are tricky. I have heard they like to toy with their victims before capture. This might be a trick designed to seize me. I want to run, but that would likely alert the occultists behind the window. What if the people calling me over really are victims?
“Please free us.” A lady motions to me with her hand. Several females appear to be trapped in the cage. “The warlock has the key on his bracelet.” The woman’s shaky petitions pull at my heartstrings.
I look over to the side of the cage and notice a man slumped over in a chair with his eyes closed. He has a Zipe reader in his lap, and he seems to be asleep. I can see the holograph of the story playing before him.
Pop, who died from the Pokuth virus, would tell me to run. “Don’t take a chance they could be witches. Run, Vanille. Get out as fast as you can.”
Also, Mum and Zip need the antibiotics now. Every minute matters. What if they die because I get captured by the enemies or take too long to get to them? I would be entirely alone in the world.
On the other hand, how can I not help these females? What if it was me trapped in the cage? Wouldn’t I want to be saved?
Still unsure, I creep toward the cage, trying to not be spotted through the window were the partiers are congregating. Looking at the cage, I see a brunette tween sitting on the ground, holding her knees to her chest crying. I feel empathy towards her. As I walk in her direction, she gets up and takes hold of the bars on the cage.
“Help,” the brunette girl begs, apparent despair in her whispers. “I have a toddler brother. He needs me. The witches will torture us and rape us. Please save us.”
At that, a lady with short blondish hair pushes her face partway through the bars. Her bright blue eyes remind me of my father’s and my heart clenches. “That warlock is so high that he’ll sleep through. He’s been like that for an hour.”
It is a trick, a ploy to lure me in and then capture me and enslave me. I turn away. After the Pokuth virus was released on the public and the Unith Coven took over, I witnessed many deaths. My heart grows colder. “I apologize,” I whisper, unsure if any of them hear me. My head thunders, but I rush in the direction of the hills.
I hear someone call out to me, “Come back. Don’t leave us!” I could swear her voice was my mama’s. It strikes me that way. Even though Mum forbid me to go to the metropolis, now that I am already here, she is maybe telling me from her unconsciousness to help these women. I have been told that when a person is unconscious, her soul leaves her body at times and sometimes can see other places, people, and occurrences. When she wakes up, she forgets about it.
But this is complete suicide.
Unable to control my empathy, I scurry back toward the cage. Sucking in a breath, maybe my last, I sneak up to the snoring warlock. His long black hair has fallen at the sides of his pale face. He is dressed in mostly black and wears gothic boots on his feet. His red lips appear parted as he breaths heavily in his slumber. I see a loose bracelet around his wrist with a key on it. The Zipe has fallen partially between his legs and the holograph looks obscured.
Dread rears up inside my body. Goosebumps rise on my arms as I assiduously slide the key off his wrist. It feels like there is a windstorm in my head.
The man rolls his head to the side and mumbles in his sleep. At once, I freeze like a crystal of ice in the air that turned from rain to snow. But the man settles.
I look over and notice the females have gathered in a huddle before the barred door of the cage. I squeeze the key in my hand and hurry over to the cage. Glancing over my shoulder at the inebriated man slouched over in the chair, I unlock the padlock.
The bars clatter as the lock falls from my clasp and slams against its exterior. In fright, my digits fumble as I attempt to slide the lock out of the silver holes to release the cage door. Several panicky fingers from the females protrude through slowing my endeavors.
The warlock shifts his position in his chair and moans. I turn to glance in his direction and to my utter horror the man opens his eyes.
I shriek as our eyes lock.
Fury rears up in my being. I cannot fall to the clutches of an occultist. He will abduct me or kill me. How will I save Mum and Zip then?
The brunette tween snivels a tad. I maneuver the lock out of the holes. Without pause, the women push. The gate swings into me. I nearly fall as the steel links crash into my nose and forehead. My glasses seem to still be intact. In panic I glance at the warlock coming toward me. Blood rushes through my veins as I take flight barely escaping the onslaught of the caged females who nearly trample me in their attempts at escape.
As I run, I can hear the females behind me scampering through the parking lot. My mind whirls at their shrieks and screams. Are we going to die?
It sounds like the guard is calling out to the coven. “The hostages escaped!” The uproar of commotions rattles my senses. In my panic, I hear the inebriated coven’s hollers and scoffs between themselves while they exit the structure and then, to my dismay, they pursue. From their laughter, I surmise it must be a sort of game for them to hunt us.
With the women still scrambling behind, I race to the boulevard. My throat feels parched from running and breathing too fast. What have I done?
A warlock yells in the tone of a sports announcer, “The fun begins…”
“Dinner is mine!” Another witch snorts.
Mirth washes through the warm night air. This is entertainment for the occultists. It’s like they are the sharks and we are the fish.
“Crostus dal voto ette vock su…” says a witch.
Suddenly hoards of mice scurry out of the nearby buildings in our direction. As they move closer, I nearly trip over them. Some of the females behind me are shrieking and some are crying. I hear one of the girls fall.
Flares of light blaze and then dissipate in succession from behind. This confuses me. Are the witches and warlocks trying to set the city on fire? Is this just intimidation? I hear a window shatter. As I run, I see a young boy some meters ahead. He is standing and has shaggy and overgrown locks of brown hair. My brother! Zip! How did he get here? But then, he is gone. Was that a hallucination? My heart clenches.
As I continue running, I recognize a voice. It sounds like the brunette tween who has a toddler brother. She screams out in excruciating agony. Glancing behind, I see a female witch in her gothic attire rip off the tween’s arm while smiling as she slams her body to the pavement. The crunching of bones rages in my head. A sandal from the violated tween flies up and out and hits me on my shoulder.
Finally, I reach the main street and rush past the billboards. Scampering of shoes hitting the asphalt sounds behind.
Just when I make it across the boulevard and begin running up the hill toward my sorrel stallion, I hear whispers. What is that? Suddenly, a warlock seizes my arm and yanks my body to the ground. But, because I am on a hill, at once, I roll downwards like a log until I hit the level surface.

2
I jerk my head to the side and perceive that a male clasps me by the ankle. His eyes look blood shot and brutal. In an instant, he heaves me with my face down and lying on my abdominals over the dry, fractured earth. The pain I feel is mind boggling.
But then, a hulking man about my age with black hair and GOLD EYES seizes the warlock by his pale neck and chucks him down. “Unhand her,” the muscular young guy with gold eyes says in a gruff, low voice.
I feel speechless. The warlock holds his head as it wobbles in his fingers. He doesn’t get up. I wonder what his dilemma is and why he does not fight back. But then, it dawns upon me that maybe his neck is fractured.
In a hasty assessment of the surroundings, it looks like the few girls that are still alive are dashing down the boulevard in opposite directions. Apparently, some of the occultists appear to be smoking in the road seemingly too inebriated to concern themselves with the girls who appear to be escaping. My stomach clenches at the sight of the other young women who are torn apart and on the ground. One of their bodies looks like it was split straight down the middle. I shudder. My heart aches at the sight of all the blood and guts. Maybe I should not have helped them escape. The deceased victims may have been better off as prisoners, but then, I think that if it were me in the cage, I would prefer to be released and at least try for a chance at survival.
A fragile looking female child with crimson tresses and sun kissed skin convulses upon the boulevard, her arms and legs ripped from her midsection. Inner liquids gurgle up from her wheezing mouth. I notice a couple of the enchanters standing over the child’s body. They are laughing and pouring liquor over her dying remains. They are crueler than sharks.
The young man with gold eyes and black shaggy hair raises me off the gravel. My heart beats fast against my chest. Is it possible that these golden eyes are the same eyes that appeared to be staring at me on the beach? I feel too shaken to mutter a word in response. I do not recall ever having seen gold eyes before this night.
To my bewilderment, he takes off at full speed with me in his arms down Sunset Boulevard. My adrenaline rushes. Is he going to hurt me? He’s pretty fast, but he kind of lacks grace. Maybe it’s his size—he’s kind of massive in the upper body with long legs in a fit sort of way. I am not sure what to think.
As we progress onward, I see that we are nearing the blondish woman with short hair and blue eyes like my father’s. My heart clenches. By the looks of her as she runs, she seems to be winded as her chest rises and falls rapidly. I hear her whimpering between gasps. She does not seem like the kind of person who would cry.
What is this guy going to do with me? My body trembles in his arms. We are only maybe a couple of meters away from her now, but before the golden eyed man reaches her, he suddenly darts across Sunset in a fast, but heavy-footed sort of way. He traverses up a dusty trail and then up the big hill. I notice that his form feels a bit hot in the heat of the night. In what seems almost like a blink of an eye, I realize we are back at the spot where I tied the sorrel stallion. The horse snorts and raises his head as if to greet us.
As I look around, feeling stunned, I wonder how this strange man knew where to take me. Is he a stalker?
He must be physically fit because he does not seem winded at all from the run. When I look up at his face from the cradled position in his arms, his cheeks flush slightly and he looks down at the dirt. “Yo. We oughta cut this place. You know?” he says in a guttural, kind of bashful sounding tone. He has a particularly low, deep voice that reminds me of a bullfrog, but in an appealing way. Well, maybe not appealing—I don’t know! He glances at the parched mountain range and then down at Sunset Boulevard.
With my mind in a sort of whirl, I pier at this unconventionally handsome guy who apparently saved my life and now holds me in his arms. I feel a bit unhinged. If I were not so frightened, I would feel very shy. My mind is boggled with all the events of the night.
Maybe he also feels the absurdity of the situation because he chuckles incongruously and sets me down somewhat cloddishly. Like I said, he is a big guy.
With his laughter increasing, I feel out of breath. My heartrate seems fast. I marvel how he can hoot under these circumstances, particularly after witnessing such a slaughter of innocent lives. Distress rears its head within me, but the young man does not appear to acknowledge my discomfort.
His laughter ceases almost all at once. With an abrupt transition, he slides his fingers through his shiny black tousled hair. “Off and, well, away…” he says in that same low bullfrog sounding voice as he throws his well-formed physique up onto the stallion’s back. To my surprise, he holds his hand out to me.
I touch my horn-rimmed glasses and turn away. Maybe I ought to feel grateful that this mysterious man rescued me, but in all honesty, in my embarrassment, I also feel angry. Why is this guy climbing on top of my stallion? He cannot just steal my horse! Well, the stallion is not actually mine, I stole him, but even so…
Not sure what to do, I stand there with my hands on my narrow hips with my head cast down. All my white long hair covers my face now as I glare beneath my locks. My brain feels like it is boiling. Can I trust him? Why in the world is he trying to save me? We do not even know each other. If he is such a hero, then why doesn’t he rescue the other females too? They are in the utmost of danger.
Should I go with this stranger? I feel like an imbecile even considering taking his hand. His actions confuse me.
He snaps his fingers and says in a low, gravely tone reminding me now more of a mafia boss than a bullfrog, “You know, I don’t mean to rush you and all, but we oughta split. Like I was saying, leave this place because well, uh, there are a lot of psychotic witches and warlocks here. You know?”
Well, maybe he does not act like a mafia boss. I change my mind about him. Maybe he is more like somebody from a street gang. Not the gang leader, but the victim.
He does have a point. Then I think of Zip and then of my mama. My heart burns. Whatever this enigmatic guy’s intentions are for rescuing me, I see no feasible alternative other than leaving this danger zone as fast as we can. It is vital that I administer the antibiotics to my mama and my brother before they die. As much as I want to help the women who are in danger, I cannot put the females lives before my own flesh and blood. At that thought, I feel the blood of my insides rush to my heart.
I attempt to hide my feelings and grasp onto the young man’s hand. With his help and a bit of physical exertion, I paw at his body awkwardly as I throw my inside leg over the stallion’s back and position myself behind him. I feel a little shocked that he possesses the skills to ride a horse.
Should I clasp his waist? If I do not, once the horse begins moving, I will fall off. It seems that I have no other choice. Oh, I am not comfortable touching men. I wince in my thoughts.
With this realization, it seems to be apparent that I have no other choice but to hold onto his waist, I do so as my cheeks burn even hotter. I am glad that he is facing forward and cannot see my awkwardness. This is the first man I have ever intentionally touched other than Zip or my father before he died. I take notice of his clothing and with a lot of embarrassment, the feel of his physique. His waist feels tight, firm, and narrow compared to his broad, muscular shoulders. This is the most intimate I have ever been. I desperately want to get off the horse and run away, but I cannot.
Somewhat surrendering, I am sure now that he is physically fit without an ounce of fat on his body. I personally like a little fat on a man. His white t-shirt is slightly loose fitting in a casual way as are his black pants, giving the impression that he is unconcerned with his admittedly extremely handsome appearance. He does not look try-hard or vain like some guys with big muscles who wear their clothing too tight to show off.
Without further delay, the gold eyed man brings the horse to a lope and then to a gallop. I clasp on tighter to him to keep from falling. The insides of my stomach feel strange. My long white hair blows in the night air as the horse runs. We seem to be moving in the direction of the ocean which I am glad about.
I feel the golden eyed man’s breathing, the rise and fall of his chest. His scent reminds me of the woods. I am sure my scent is of raw, decaying fish. My cheeks cannot get any hotter, so I attempt to convince myself to feel apathy, though I am not finding success. Once we have been galloping for some time, he looks over his shoulder and says to me in his gruff, cloddish way that is sort of childlike in its odd seeming innocence, “Uh, you must be, well, uh, maybe shaken up. You know? From all the, uh danger?” His voice, though still bullfrog-ish, lifts. Though his eyes are a bit shocking with the gold color they look big and round and remind me of a puppy dog. “Where you wanna go?”
Huh? I look down as a lump forms suddenly in my throat. His question takes me by surprise. He does not even have a plan. My body tenses. His strange gold eyes stare at me as the horse gallops onward. How can he ride without even watching where we are going? Doesn’t he even need to guide the horse? That odd feeling in my stomach seems to roll. What does this stranger desire from me?
Dust from the dry terrain sprinkles my face. “I am grateful for your rescue,” I manage to choke out, still looking down, feeling sickened with my confession partially because of my fear of his expectations. I cannot help but notice the feel of his muscles on his stomach beneath his shirt as I clutch onto him. I am beyond embarrassed. I am not sure if I am more scared of him than I am of the occultists.
“Well, uhhhh…” He looks back at me with a wry smile on his face which is maybe a little big, but still undeniably handsome. “It’s my good. You know, uh, I like to help.” His lower lip drops slighly. “You doin’ alright?”
I look at him now hesitantly and shrug my shoulders. The stallion stops abruptly and rears. My long white hair slaps me in the face as I wrap my arms tightly around the man’s waist, trying to keep from falling off the horse.
“Woah, boy,” he says, pulling in the reigns.
I peer around his shoulder and see a coyote dart across the trail into some bushes.
He settles the horse down with gentle words and then looks back at me. “Yo, dear. You okay? I ain’t no bum. Don’t worry about nothin’. You know what I mean?”
Seeing his big, round gold eyes at this moment causes my stomach to twist, so I cast my eyes down again. Why does this guy provoke such extreme feelings in me?
I glance back up quickly at his face before looking away again and briefly notice sadness in his eyes which makes me curious what caused that seemingly deep-rooted pain. There is no denying it—he is otherworldly handsome—the type of appearance that causes my blood to boil with maddening desire. My mind spins with excessive thoughts—thoughts of why I should not trust this man and thoughts of why I should trust him.
From the corner of my eye, I see that he is looking forward, guiding the horse again. After a minute, he brings the horse from a walk to a gallop and we are flying through the night again. I like seeing the trees along the mountainside. There are some big boulders and a lot of brush.
I mean this golden eyed man could not possibly have rescued me because he was enticed by my appearance or mannerisms. I am dull looking with albino hair and am lanky even though I am only five feet and six inches. Does he like nerds? Possibly he has an awkward looking mother with no fashion sense that I reminded him of. Is this some sort of Freudian complex perhaps?
To my utter dismay, I break into uncontrollable laughter. I realize the timing is completely unfitting as it was for the golden eyed man to break out in guffaw just moments prior, but I feel unable to stop the outburst. Is this what he felt too? Possibly, this is a method of evading the survivor’s guilt I am maybe experiencing in the face of so much blood shed—a means of diverting my inner fury and shame. Honestly, I cannot understand why I am laughing, but I continue laughing to my utter humiliation.
“Uh, yo. I ain’t the only weird one,” he says in a low, gravely, wry voice without looking back. He reaches across my leg to lightly smack the stallion’s rear with the reins. Sparks fire through my body from his touch. This unfamiliar sensation upsets me, triggering my laughter to subside.
“I guess so.” My reaction probably came across as rude even though I did not mean it that way. I wiggle my legs a bit because the underside of my thighs feels sweaty against my crumpled frock and the stallion’s backside.
“You outa have a male watch over you when you…” he shrugs while still looking ahead, “…go into the metropolis. You know?” He looks back at me. “I ain’t wanna boss you, but it’s idiot without a man.” I observe that there seems to be something maybe unusual about the way he talks. The timbre of his voice seems almost like a mobster from one of dome cinema shows. I bet he is from a poor inner city, maybe from New York. Possibly he is from Italian descent.
Somebody might say that his comments or advice are chauvinistic, but I agree with him. The cinema might depict women as masculine and tough, but that societal propaganda does not accurately portray life’s realities. Little does he know I do not have a male to accompany me. “I would not have traveled to Sunset Boulevard alone, but my circumstances require the risk.” I roll my eyes, perturbed with the manner in which his cool demeanor compared with my unease. To my surprise, I feel oddly intense about wanting to figure this guy out, yet when an image of Mum and Zip lying unconscious flashes into my mind, I feel guilty. I should be worrying about my mama and my brother rather than getting caught up on some superhero. But what else am I supposed to do?
I find it remarkable that he appears to be such an experienced horseback rider. The concept of this man possessing the skills of a rancher, seems most unusual considering he comes across as a street gangster. I mean how many New York Italians from the inner city, can ride a stud bareback? Usually, the guys I knew before the release of the Pokuth virus and the downfall of the United States and the rest of the world, were from the city and lacked ranching skills. My mama who was raised in the mountains trained me.
I wonder what this golden eyed man’s name is, but before I can ask him, he presses the sides of the stud with his heels and legs to command him to gallop faster. I hear him encourage the horse with a kissing sound, in the manner of an experienced rider. “Yeah, well, emergencies…” His voice seems uncomfortable like he is trying to pacify me somehow. “When I gotta take risks, I go at it alone too. Huh? I ain’t with no punk protecting me either.” He looks back at me with a crooked grin on his face that is a little too big.
My throat feels stiff. “You do not look like you need help.” I swallow and look down.
“Yeah? Uh, well, you’d be surprised.” He chuckles lightly. “What is your, you know…” He looks down briefly before I feel his eyes on me again. “…emergency?”
I suck in a deep breath of air and touch my hair that is tangling in the wind. “You see, well… while me and my mama and seven-year-old brother were gathering vegetables and other provisions, somebody shot Mum and Zip in their thighs and took our gatherings.”
“No good losers.” His voice is louder than before as he looks ahead, guiding the horse before turning back to me. “Yeah. No good.” He shakes his head. “Greedy thugs. If I had been there…” His gold eyes turn beady while his tone seems cautious. The vibrations of his body feel explosive as I clutch onto him in embarrassment.
“I am hoping to administer the antibiotics to them that I obtained from the metropolis if I get to them in time.” With my explanation, I touch the plastic bag in the pocket of my gown even though he does not notice the gesture.
He blows air through his lips like a child. “Creeps will do anything to eat somethin’. You know? Even if it ain’t make no sense.” He looks forward and raises his gruff voice. “Lots of punks are actin’ like life and people ain’t got no importance. You know?”
“You are right about that,” I reply solemnly.
“Let me help? Right? You want me to?” he asks, still looking forward. “You know, I told you, a girl like you, uh, you, uh, oughtn’t be doin’ junk on your own.” His voice is extra loud through the wind as the horse gallops on.
My body tenses at the suggestion. It sounds like he wants to accompany me to the island and help me take care of my family. What if he wants to steal our supplies?
“When I see you, I start thinkin’ that woman is all alone. It’s, uh, not smart. I might be a dumb punk, but I know that. I know that for certain. Get it?”
“I appreciate it.” It might be crazy to lead him to my place of residence, but I decide, considering that my mama and Zip are in critical condition, I should take a chance on this guy. He is strong and a seems like a protector. I could very possibly be safer with this enigmatic guy than I might be by myself. He looks tough. Maybe I am crazy, but I decide to take the risk. In that instant, something inexplicable clicks in me and I feel I can trust him. “You can keep to the trail that leads to the canyon.”
I feel worried about my family’s welfare. When I left Zip and Mum in our cave, they were unconscious though the bleeding had stopped mostly it seemed. I assume my mama would refuse the antibiotics for both herself and my brother because she deems that natural healing methods are safer. She distrusts most conventional practices held before the Unith Coven takeover, but we do not have time for distrust. Mum is not strong enough to heal herself or my brother. If the antibiotics are laced with another disease or some other warfare impurity, my mama will make me pay for my decision severely.
The rest of the horseback ride we do not speak as the sorrel stallion gallops toward the island. I tilt my head upwards and notice the white clouds splashing the night sky above. I get lost in the rhythms of the horse panting and the occasional snorts as he runs homeward. It seems that the closer we get, the faster he runs as he whinnies sporadically to the herd of horses in the canyon. I look back for a moment and see a cloud of dust trail after.
The gold eyed man shortens the hackamore reins as we enter the indentation in the dry, cracked earth, slowing the sorrel stallion to a trot and then to a walk.
“Cross the ravine at that spot.” I point in the direction even though he does not look back at me to receive the cue. “At the end we can release the stallion back to his herd,” I give the directions in a muted voice so to not bring attention to us in case there is anyone nearby, but the horse snorts and throws his head in eagerness.
“Looks like a good spot,” he says, holding his hand out for me to take. We are at the edge of the forest.
Hesitantly, I take his hand and slide off the horse, hoping my dress does not flip up. Before I can even compose myself, he is off the horse, pulling off his hackamore and setting him free. The stallion lopes off to the herd, throwing his head to and fro.
The golden eyed man stares paradoxically at me lifting an eyebrow. “Huh?” he says. “What’s this about?” His tone seems perplexed. “How come you, uh, live so far out and in, uh, nature and all?”
“Well, in all truth, I reside with my family beyond the forest on a little island out in the Pacific.”
At that, he chuckles and shakes his head as he lifts me out of the canyon into the forest.
To my dismay, my body heats at his touch. I try not to laugh because I feel ticklish. That would be embarrassing to start giggling all over again.
“This is, uh, a nice little area, you know what I mean? The woods here. I like the trees.”
“Yeah,” I respond, feeling awkward for some reason. I touch the antibiotics in my dress pocket to make sure they are still there.
When we make it to the shore, he says to me as he looks around, “You got a boat?”
I am betting that my hair is in a big white rat mess from all the horseback riding. My face reddens and I look at him uneasily. “No boat. I just swim to and from the island.”
He shakes his head. “Nah.” He looks at me raising an eyebrow again. “Whatta you tellin’ me? You swim like some mermaid all the way from that there island? That one?” He points. “The, uh, one way out there?” His gold eyes widen, and he chuckles a little more. “Well, uh, okay then.” He waves his hand in play. “Come on.” The look in his stare seems to glimmer with resolve.
Though I typically discard my dress at the oak, I do not desire to humiliate myself, so I opt to leave the frock on my body. “Maybe you ought to remain here. I am a fish in the sea, and you could slow me down.” With that in mind, I consider dropping him. I don’t mind that I sound arrogant because I don’t trust him fully. Maybe I would be better off without the risk.
I suppose he finds something about me humorous because he chortles again. But then, he looks at me with narrow eyes and his smile turns crooked again. “I can keep up.”
Even in my distress, his self-assurance tickles me. “Hmmn,” I say looking him up and down. My voice sounds skeptical. Without further delay, I rush into the ocean reckoning I will likely lose him in the waves. Nobody can keep up with me in the sea.
He runs in after me. “Hey—watch yourself.”
I turn to him. “What is it?”
“I told you that, uh, you need a bodyguard.”
I shake my head, looking at him in bewilderment.
He points to his pocket. “Ain’t nothin should go wrong. Huh? How about you? Give me the antibiotics.” His voice lifts. “We ain’t stupid enough to let them melt in the ocean. You hear what I’m sayin’?” I see his expression turn hard now.
My eyes widen. “You are correct.” I wipe my sweating hands on my dress and I rapidly get the bag from my pocket. To my relief, the antibiotics look like they are still dry.
I detect a new weightiness in his expression. “Well, I, you know, can hold the bag above the water as I swim. Like I told ya, I ain’t no bum.”
Is he for real? “Truly? What? Are you kidding? Are you a crusader or something?” My voice is sardonic and condescending.
“Just hand me the antibiotics.” He retrieves the bag from my pocket, but he is not laughing any longer.
I look at him trying to read his expression, but his face looks impassive now which confuses me. “Follow behind,” I say and then dive into the ocean.
He chases after me closer to the surface of the water. To my surprise he is an exceptional swimmer. I am shocked that he is a match for me. I rationalize that my plaid gown must be hindering my pace.
It seems almost pitch black out in the ocean now, but the stars and the moon light the surface in twinkles and glimmers. I adore the sea. The cool water feels soothing to my skin, but I am nervous to get to Zip and Mum.
After a lengthy swim, we near the the island. I ask him to swim with me to a secluded area neighboring our cave where my mama, Zip, and I hide from predators. He follows me there.
We ascend to the tide pools where we step over a plethora of life including limpets, sea anemones, starfish, snails, and sea urchins to name a few, and from there, we traverse onto the dry, warm sand that bites at our ankles. Coconut, mango, papaya, and palm trees rustle and swish in the hot Southern California wind.
The golden eyed man’s black pants and t-shirt cling to his fit physique. I assume he left his boots in the woods because his feet are bare now like mine.
I worry that he could damage his feet. Another oddity I possess in addition to my white hair is the thick skin on my lower appendages that seems nearly resistant to minor injuries. I am not sure why my skin is so resilient on my feet. It could be because I have run around barefoot for so much of my life.
When I see my family’s home, I wave the young man over to the cave. “This way,” I whisper as my body tenses. I fear the state my brother and my mama may be in upon entry. We step through a camouflaged access hidden by brush and young palms.
My hand flies to my mouth as I gasp. Once inside, I see that the cave has been plundered. Mum’s and Zip’s makeshift beds look blood soaked. I shake my head side to side with wide eyes. Mum and Zip are gone.
I stare at the golden eyed man, horror in my eyes. A ferocious expression spreads over his face. At once, he grabs me by the hair and throws me to the ground.

3
A stranger charges toward me from behind with an axe lifted in his hand. It happens so fast. The golden eyed man seizes the weapon from the pursuer with flawless precision and side swipes the man’s legs out from beneath him causing him to fall onto his back where my protector hurdles on top of him cocking the blade at his neck.
“Where you take the woman and her boy?” The golden eyed man demands.
At this point, I scrambled to my feet.
“The Unith Coven wants them. I only need the cash. Got to survive, man,” the predator says with a scratchy voice while the blade is still at his throat.
“Where you got them?”
“They are only outdoors secured at the lagoon. We did not bring the kid or the lady to the coven yet.”
“How many on your team?”
“Only me and my sister. I got my sister keeping them. It’s not her fault. She only do what I say.”
The golden eyed man shakes his head in disgust. “Are they conscious?”
“The lady is, but the boy, he is unconscious, I think. We mostly needed the female. They pay more for her.”
“Get up, bum, and bring us to them.”
The guy struggles to an upright position, rubbing his curly grey hair. He looks shorter than the golden eyed man. His form is saggy in his fishnet shirt.
“Arms in the air or I hurt ya bad. Hear what I’m sayin’?”
“Keep it easy, man. I got them for you.”
We shadow him through the saplings, trees, and bushes to the lagoon. My wet plaid gown clings to my frame, but the hot air is drying it quickly. As we move onward, I wind a strand of my long, wet hair in my fingers as I do out of habit when I feel panicky. The gold eyed man steps prudently over the stones and twigs upon the ground seemingly attempting to guard his bare feet.
When we arrive at the lagoon, the thug yells out, “Datisa—I got shacked. Get over here. We gotta give them back to their kin.”
“I ain’t handing them over for nottin’,” the sister shouts through the bamboo shoots that are obstructing the lagoon from our line of vision. “I only take a big ransom.”
All at once, the thug lunges at the young man beside me. I scream as a reflex. The thug attempts to seize the axe from the gold eyed man’s hand, but the gold eyed man swings the blade across his throat in one clean slice. I feel frozen in place as I see his head tumble to the earth. Then the gold eyed man charges through the trees heavy footed kind of like an elephant and clutches the lady by the throat snapping her neck in one smooth motion. She collapses inert to the mud.
I put my hand on the trunk of a palm tree, trying to steady myself. Though I have witnessed excessive bereavements and brutalities in the cities and in the metropolis before we escaped to the island, I have never seen such dexterity and astute fighting skills firsthand as the gold eyed man exhibits. It is like I am accompanying a dome cinema hero.
We hurry to my mama and my little brother. When we make our way through the shrub and trees, I see that the kidnappers tied up my mama and Zip. They both have gags in their mouths to keep them quiet. “Mum! Zip!” I call out, holding my hand on my chest as I run up to them.
Mum’s brown eyes are wide with seeming fear. Now that I am closer, I see that their mouths are tied with scarves. Zip appears to be still unconscious. His overgrown and shaggy brown hair falls to the sides and partially drapes over his young body. A chill runs through my body as I look at my little brother. The golden eyed man unties the scarf on my mama’s mouth while I untie the scarf on my brother’s mouth. My fingers are frantic as I pull the fabric off. My mind thunders. Did they suffocate him? “Zip! Zip!” I yell out. I wiggle his small body and his head lulls to the side. Sounds of my mama hollering and speaking fast sound like background noise as I wade my hand over Zip’s mouth to feel if he is breathing.
The man with gold eyes gently pushes his way in, moving me over to the side. In moments I see him giving my brother mouth to mouth resuscitation. I am crying my brother’s name over and over again. I cannot help it. Looking over at my mama, I see that she is awake, but she appears wiped of vitality. She attempts to stand up but falls over to the ground. I rush over to her and prop her up against a palm tree. I am still looking at Zip with tears streaming from my eyes.
The gold eyed man looks at me with sympathetic eyes and shakes his head with my brother in his arms. “Hey, I’m sorry,” he says in a gravelly, yet soft voice. “He’s gone.”
Everything inside of me feels like it is going to explode. It is like this huge build of energy that grows in rapid succession. Now my whole body from the insides feels like sheer fire as if I am burning from the inside out.
I go to Zip’s side and lift him onto my lap as I cry over him. “I love you, Zip boy. I love you.” As I look at him and touch his cheek, I see his soul has left him. This body is not really Zip anymore. His true self has transcended to heaven.
I hand his body to my protector. “We must burry him as soon as possible. That will comfort his soul.”
He nods in seeming agreement. “I know. Hey, I get it—the soul stuff. I gotta craft a coffin from the bamboo and palms. Easy. I got it.” He looks at Zip and shakes his head. “I wish I coulda saved him. You know?”
I feel faint and fear I might break down. “Thank you,” I whisper, trying to seem strong as I look at Mum and walk to her side.
I sit on the ground beside where she leans against the tree seemingly in a state of groggy consciousness. In my sadness, I feel like I cannot speak. It seems to me that I should say something, but I cannot find any words in the shock and grief that I am experiencing. The bullet wound in my mama’s thigh appears infected, but it does not seem to be bleeding.
I gather some palm leaves to lay Mum on. It would be devastating to lose her too. She seems barely coherent and, in my sniffles, and choked up coughs, I wonder if she is even aware that Zip is dead. Once I have her on top of the palm leaves, my protector separates from his task of carving out a coffin temporarily for Zip and administers the antibiotics to Mum.
After the gold eyed man goes to gather more twines and wood for the coffin, I hear Mum whispering chants of gratitude to one of her idols. I detest her paganistic ways that she adopted like so many others after the Unith Coven takeover. It is a strange human phenomenon how people often seem to emulate their captors and their practices. The resonances coming from her throat seem weak and scratchy. “Vanille,” she calls.
“Yes, I’m here, Mum.” I lean into her.
She nods lightly. “In all the darkness I despaired upon waking to find you absent. My worry was beyond measure.” A single teardrop rolls across her fine-featured brown face and off her cheek to the side. “Our abductor, the woman, suffocated Zip when she tied his mouth.”
“Ah, Mum!” I take her in my arms and feel like I want to hold her forever. It seems like life is so vulnerable. Even with the suffering and turmoil Mum and Zip have been through, she still smells of lovely herbs and spices. “Your recovery is miraculous.”
I release her and proceed to gently untie her wrists and ankles.
“My strength is returning.” With the back of her hand, she wipes her blood shot brown eyes. The attackers stole my spices and other provisions. Where are my herbs? I want to heal the infection.” Her skin looks pale and clammy.
“You are already healing, Mum. My companion gave you antibiotics.”
Her eyes widen, but she seems too weak to exhibit anger. “Oh, oh, it could be laced,” she moans.
“The antibiotics are from the good side. You are safe.”
I look over and see my companion placing Zip’s body in the coffin he constructed. My heart clenches and I feel my breath quicken. I cannot believe my brother is dead. My head fills with a sad energy. After he covers my brother with palm leaves, he walks over to us.
Trying to cover my feelings, I say to Mum, “This is…” I look at the gold eyed man realizing I do not even know his name.
“My condolences, Ma'am. I’m Bunky Ohare,” he says respectfully taking my mama’s hand.
Bunky? What kind of name is that? I try to read his face to see if he is serious. I doubt if he would joke about his name at a time like this. His eyes look sad and slightly narrowed while his lips appear pressed together lightly as I try to discern his expression. I guess he must just have a quirky name.
Mum stares at him for some time before responding warily, “Shell Cossette.” I am surprised that I cannot discern her expression as she looks at Bunky. “How did you learn to kill in such a manner?” Her face looks flush from fever.
His expression appears impassive to me. I wonder if he is hiding something. “See how it works,” he says in a soft tone. “My pa says I was a punk, so he teach me in defense since I was a stupid kid. If you ain’t got no brain, ya gotta train your body. You know?” He glances down at his long fingers seeming to inspect them on both sides.
My chin juts back and I sit up on my knees as I turn to him, my eyes narrowing slightly. “Your father was wrong. You have to be intelligent to fight like that. You’re not a punk. How did your father know combat?” I wonder as I look at him beside my mama if he is hiding something from us. It is perplexing why he would study such advanced methods of fighting as a kid. Who in the world would teach a little boy the skills of an assassin? In the past, I heard rumors of such things in countries like Egypt and other Arab countries, but not in the United States.
“Well, uh, you know. It is, uh, you know, a long story,” he grins seemingly to himself. “I ain’t no terrorist. I got to give you the story, you see, well, another time.” He gazes up at me through his dark eye lashes and I think I see his cheeks flush.
I find myself unable to gage his intentions. Was that a flirtatious look? I am already on emotional overload as I feel my pulse speed up even in my confusion and grief. I should not be so judgmental, but I do not trust something about this Bunky Ohare.
“It is a positive sign to make friends with a protector,” My mama whispers and smiles faintly. “In all gratitude for saving me from the enemies,” she wheezes and looks over at Zip’s coffin. “Where’s my boy?”
I flinch and then my heart aches. Looking to Bunky, I think I see his lips purse infinitesimally. “I wish I, uh,” Bunky says in his low voice. “…that I could, uh, bought you a dome game ticket instead. You, know, it’s more fun.” He glances at me with that inappropriate crooked smirk. At that, he sticks his hand into his pants pocket. “I want you to be strong for your daughter.” He opens her hand and places a pill on her palm.
“Antiboitics?” Her body seems to tense as she bites her lip.
Bunky nods and motions to her with his chin. “You ain’t got no time to gather spices and nature’s, um, medicines from the island. You got infected blood.” He pauses for a minute, causing me to wonder what he is thinking, as he stares at her wound and then looks back at her with slightly widened eyes. “You got real pain, but it’s gonna go away like that.” He snaps his fingers. “Vanille warned me you ain’t want no antibiotics, but I forced your, you know, first dose. So, time for the second one. The way I see it, it’ll make you sicker if you ain’t take no second one.”
He is good with Mum, but how did he know my name? I wonder if Mum told him. I am amazed how sensitive he seems to be to my mama’s fears of western medicine. Most teenagers back when I was still in the public education system before the takeover of the Unith Coven, acted like alternative beliefs were strange. The way Bunky speaks so comfortably, it suggests he is acquainted with natural healing methods.
“That is correct.” She nods her head carefully in seeming acceptance. “With such advanced progression of the infection I have to take the antibiotics. My chants have given me the cure.”
I cannot help but roll my eyes at her beliefs. She sets the pill on her tongue and swallows it. “Where did you get the antibiotics?”
My throat tightens at the inquisition. I pause for a moment and after some contemplation, I speak. “I saw Bunky at the edge of the woods. I told him my problems and he gave them to me for some fish.”
To my disappointment, her eyes widen. “You shouldn’t have done that. It’s too dangerous.” She rolls her head side to side. “At least you did not go to the metropolis. I would never under any circumstances forgive you for that. But even the woods are risky.”
With that, I try to hold my gaze steady. “I know. Bunky helped me buy the antibiotics from some men who happened to pass.” I bite my lip hard when I tell that lie. I am still unsure as to whether he was the man with gold eyes observing me from behind the brush when I first entered the forest to retrieve the stallion. What if Bunky shadowed me all the way to the metropolis? The idea makes my stomach roll.
My mama throws her chin up to the side in dissatisfaction.
I do not know how to respond to her, and I am feeling curious about my new companion. If Bunky did not tail me prior, I question what he was doing in the metropolis at night. It is odd to put oneself in unnecessary danger for no apparent reason.
Yet, before, I gather up the nerve to inquire, my mama glances over at Bunky. “I am ever grateful for the astute care you took of my daughter.” She pulls her knees up to her chest and rocks in a slow rhythmic manner like an abandoned child. It occurs to me that she is more traumatized than she admits. I think she may be in denial over Zip. I wish she would be more careful with her bullet wound and not move her legs around so much. She could cause more blood loss.
Bunky appears to be looking at the deceased carcasses of the kidnappers. “I hope you don’t, uh, mind me asking, Ms. Cossette, your bed, uh, was covered in blood. What happened? You hear what I’m askin’?” he says, hardly looking away from the male kidnapper’s amputated head that has rolled through the palms and wedged itself amid some boulders close to us.
“You can call me, Shell,” my mama whispers to Bunky. “That curly grey-haired man had a male colleague with him upon their attack. After tying us up, they fell into a dispute over who was going to take us to their contact. It seemed like they were both terrified of the contact. The curly haired man knifed the other male multiple times upon my bed. The curly haired man and his sister lugged the deceased chap out of the cave before they ransacked my provisions.” Mum holds her fine featured face in her hands as her curly brown hair falls to the sides as she recalls the events.
She wipes her curls off her forehead as she continues, “Then it seemed that another man showed up and paid the chap and his sister for my provisions.” She places her long nails in the lagoon feebly, churning the dark water with her fingers. “Our home has become a threat for us now, Vanille. The kidnappers spoke of others who have awareness of our cave.”
My head pounds with so many thoughts. “Should we move?” The idea of finding another place to live seems threatening. I am used to the island and have grown somewhat attached to life by the sea.
Bunky sticks his hand into the lifeless lady’s pockets and retrieves the gold coins she must have obtained from the fraudulent deal. He hands Mum the gold pieces.
Glancing first at Mum and then at me, Bunky says, “Hey, I’m moving down south. You know?” He seems to search my eyes. “The colony is past Oceanside. Lots of trees. Presco Mountains. Yeah, that’s the name. No witches. Those freaks—they ain’t got no idea about this colony. They make the community pretty good there. You know? It’s, uh, safe.” He runs his long fingers through his shiny black hair out of his beautiful gold eyes. “The, uh, place is, you see, lush. Huh? With lots of water. Pretty great in that way. But, well, it ain’t easy there. You know?  Like worser in some ways to livin’ in the rough city though I hear it is kind of a tyranny like having a shark boss, but you ain’t got to rough people up or anything. You know. Everybody, uh, follows rules and stuff, you see. They keep safe though and that’s what matters overall. To me, it’s worth it.”
“I know the place,” Mum whispers. “I swam a bunch of times in that lake there when I was a youngster.” Mum throws her head to the side and says, “I won’t take my children to that community.”
I feel a pinch in my heart. “Mum,” I look at her with narrow eyes. “We don’t have any other options.” I feel hesitant about accompanying Bunky to a new place, despite the draw I feel toward him, but I cannot think of another feasible residence under this pressure. With everything considered, even if Bunky pans out to be an actual stalker, he seems like our only hope at this moment in this aggressive atmosphere.
“I am uncomfortable,” she whispers as she rubs her eyes. “How about we go with you, son, down south. We can scout out an alternative as we progress. What is your means of travel?”
“You see, a hydramic-craft leaves port from Ocean Front docks at dawn. I got a buddy. He’ll get us into the transport room where they, uh, keep the boxes and junk. We can hide there probably. This morning is my connection.”
I suck in a sharp breath and stare at him.
“We gotta leave now,” he says, “Dawn is five in the morning. The craft jets all the way to Oceanside.”
I glance at my mama. She does not respond, so nudge her and raise my eyebrows slightly.
“After we get to Oceanside, we might, you know, sneak onto a freight turbo train that rolls further south. Those trains are, uh, not checked very careful lately, but the trains, you know, still tran­­­sport stuff for the Unith Coven. I know it picks up stuff in Alpine County. Once we get to that town, I got gold to fund land passage for us to the forefront of Presco Mountains.”
“Lovely. It appears as if you have organized a achievable plan,” Mum says as her eyelids wade low over her brown eyes. She rubs her fine-featured face with her hands looking as if she is thinking it over. “Where is your mother and father, son?”
“I am, uh, twenty now and I take care of myself.” He takes a small wet photo out of his pocket and hands it to Mum before gazing up at the stars that are sparkling through the palms. “Ma and Pa,” he says.
She slides her fingers over her neck. Her brown eyes look glassy. “Tell Zip to find some bakva salve, so I can treat my wound. And tell him to bring me some costus leaves so I can wrap it up. Why don’t you both make me a hiking cane.”
“It’s time to leave.” I glance at Bunky. “The hydramic-craft leaves port at dawn, Mum. We have to rush to Ocean Front in order to meet the contact.”
At that, Bunky’s eyebrows lift and then fall. “Ain’t good for Shell to swim with her injury. I gotta construct a raft or something to row to the docks.”
“In luck. I have a raft concealed in the brush neighboring the seashore of the island,” my mum says in a scratchy voice.
Within the next twenty minutes or so, Bunky and I bury my brother without telling Mum. It is painful placing his body beneath the earth. I am so mixed up inside over losing him. I blame myself and I feel guilty that I did not rush Bunky faster on the horse. There were delays and if only I had pushed myself to speed up, we could have arrived at the island before the kidnappers. Maybe Zip would still be alive. Bunky said some nice things before we buried him, but I could not say anything important other than that I love him and will miss him. It was like I was paralyzed inside.
Once Mum figures out that Zip died, I fear she will never forgive me for not including her in the funeral. But if we tell her, I fear she will get out of control and weaken her body. She is not in a healthy enough physical state to take such news. It might cause complications.
Bunky and I find my mama her costus leaves and bakva salve. Bunky constructs a feasible hiking cane though he insists on carrying her in his arms.
The deceased bodies on the ground cause my stomach to roll, but I am glad to let them rot without burials because of what they did to my Zip. Mum desires to bury them because she seems to have forgotten that they murdered her son, but her weakened state renders grave digging too difficult. Instead, she tries to make us cover them with palm leaves, but we refuse. Seemingly confused, she chants some pathetic paganistic worship for the kidnappers’ sakes which bothers me, but I am at least relieved that those vial prayers are lowly and will only further harm their souls. I wish my mama did not have to dirty herself in the process with idol worship.
Bunky retrieves our raft out of the brush by the seashore and Mum, Bunky, and I get on top of it. Just as we are about to push off, Bunky says, “I gotta tend to somethin’.” He hops down from the raft into the shallow seawater. “I oughta catch up with you guys at the dock.”
To my disbelief, before we can even begin to argue or interrogate him, he shoves the raft hard and fast. With that, we are out to sea. His shenanigan seems nonsensical. I am frustrated with myself for feeling like I do, but I feel scared I might not ever see him again. That seems to scare me even more than the likelihood that he is the gold eyed man who stalked me from behind the brush in the woods by the beach.
With that realization, I bite my lower lip so roughly that it bleeds as we drift away from this unearthly hero with black hair and piercing gold eyes.

4
I am finding this raft tough to maneuver, but I seem to make do. It would be so much easier if Mum and I could instead swim to Ocean Front docks. If I were alone, I would surely dive into the sea. My body craves to glide through the dark rolling waves and float on my back with my eyes on the stars. This is impossible though because Mum is wounded, and she needs me to help her.
When Mum insists on rowing, I scoff at her. I know I should be more respectful. Really, I just don’t want her bullet wound to open up and bleed her out. After nearly dying and sustaining a bullet wound in her thigh, she must reserve her strength for our journey toward Presco Mountains. I feel relieved to see her strength returning. When she and Zip were unconscious, I felt like I would die without them. In my heartache over losing my brother, I am ever grateful to still have my mama.
It feels serene at night beneath the luminous constellations that light the black sky. We have not seen any cruisers or crafts out, though we can see flickering lights of the dock in the distance. As I row in closer, we see the huge winged hydramic-craft tied to a post.
Looking in the water, I notice what appears as phosphorescent lights, all shimmer and colorful. “What is that?” Mum asks as she peers over the edge of the raft.
“Some sort of creatures it seems.” I push my horn-rimmed glasses further up on my eyes even though I can see fine without them. “Oh, it’s jellyfish!”
“Aren’t they lovely,” Mum whispers, holding firmly to the side of the raft.
We witness hundreds of the little fairies. They glimmer in the night as they flit to and from in under water mischief.
“Hope we don’t fall in,” I tease her.
“Goodness, that would sting!” She stares out at the skyline. “You are not allowed to get married yet, Vanille. It seems, even though you are nineteen that you did not reach puberty…”
“Mum!” I glance at her feeling utterly stunned. “I am not planning to marry Bunky. I have never even had a boyfriend! Besides, I just met the guy.” I do not desire to express to her that Bunky may be a stalker. The possibility might send her into a fit. That would not be good for her health. She has already been bombarded with enough problems as it is.
“I see. It is simply that I am anxious that you might get involved with someone. My worry is substantial because when you turn twenty your life may alter significantly.”
“Huh?” She confuses me and can get under my skin sometimes.
“Changes may occur,” she says, crossing her arms over her chest.
“Okay,” I moan sarcastically. “What types of changes are you referring to?” My mama has continuously seemed ambiguous on this topic of discussion. As far as I am concerned, we should not even be conversing over it. From my limited knowledge of puberty, the topic seems much too awkward to discuss openly. Besides, it is my guess that I have already started it. I mean, even though I am skinny like a child and have not started menstruating yet, I am of normal height for a woman. I do not bother relaying that obvious fact.
“Let us see when puberty occurs and then we can discuss the issue.”
I roll my eyes and start to throw my hands up, but then I realize I have the oars in my hands. “This kind of talk is nonsense.”
“Come again?”
“Ah, just forget it. This kind of talk about feminine development drives me crazy. Besides, there is not much chance of a meaningful relationship developing with Bunky considering he is going to Presco Mountains and we are planning to move somewhere else. I am sure I am not his type anyway. I mean look at me and look at him. I am not fishing for compliments. I am just being real!”
“I am sure he adores you—you are lovely, sweetheart.”
“Parents always say stuff like that to their daughters.” I glance at her with narrowed eyes and with a scowl on my face. “You told Bunky that you do not desire to move to Presco Mountains. Are you having a change of heart?”
“Not in a million years. Over my dead body. No.” Her brown eyes gloss over. “Never.”
My mouth twists to the side slightly as I scrunch my lips. “Wow. I do not understand. That is an intense no. Why are you so set against the place?”
“Bunky is a likeable young man,” her voice lifts as she grins. Apparently, she seems to be evading my inquiry which completely exasperates me. “I find him unique and quite attractive in appearance and mannerisms. Are you in agreement?”
This whole conversation is wearing me out mentally. “He confuses me. In some ways he is like a man, mature acting for his age, yet in other ways, he acts entirely immature like a dopy kid.”
“The maturity likely comes from not having parents and the childishness comes from the same.” She tousles her brown hair with her long fingernails. “I see you as mature too, Vanille. In some ways you are like a forty-year-old woman inside a nineteen-year-old’s body. Since your school days in Los Angeles, before the takeover, you always seemed different than the other girls your age. That is something to admire. Uniqueness is special.”
“The female students at my school treated me like I was strange because I enjoyed reading and practicing extreme sports. They seemed arrogant. A lot of them were wannabe dome cinema stars.”
“I miss those times—don’t you? Life seemed a lot simpler.” Her eyes well up as she speaks.
“I miss reading. It is frustrating without access to TD pods and Zipe readers anymore. And I long for our trips to Sunny Isle.”
Mum leans her head back up at the moon. “I remember you were always in the ocean on those vacations. You were a spunky little fish. I had to practically drag you out of the waves.”
“Times to cherish forever,” I acknowledge as I inhale the fresh ocean air. “Do you recollect the jetpack I borrowed?”
Mum’s hand flies to her mouth as her eyes blink several times. She shakes her head in disapproval with her fingers still pressed against her lips. “I obviously was out of my mind to agree to such a risk. When you leaped off the cliff, my heart nearly exploded. I actually had a panic attack and had to breath in a bag several times to regain my breath.”
“From my side of the picture, it was so exhilarating falling from such a height and then rocketing midair straight up into the expanse. What a thrill! The landscape from midair was shocking. Everything was shocking. I hope to do that again someday.”
“I suspect you will have a whole lot of exciting experiences in your lifetime.” She coughs in her hand with a contemplative look in her eyes like she knows something I do not.
I sure hope she is correct. If only the United States would return to normalcy. I miss the way things were. Since the release of the Pokuth virus and the Unith Coven takeover, death and poverty has become regular life.
If it were not for the coven putting regular people into poverty, struggle, and pain, Zip would probably still be alive. We would not have had to hide away on an island, and nobody would have shot him in the first place for some measly provisions. The male kidnapper said the coven was paying him to abduct my family. The Unith Coven is responsible for my brother’s death. My mind thunders at the thoughts and I feel a pangs in my heart.
I hear the sounds of cackly laughter in my mind. I ignore it.
Looking yonder, I row the raft parallel to the dock near the amusement park ruins. Laying the oars down, I scramble up onto a plank and assist Mum off the raft with the walking stick Bunky constructed for her on the island earlier. The amusement park appears dilapidated and abandoned like an old ghost town of times forgotten. Seeing the wreckage upsets me.
Only some years past I rode that same old turbo roller coaster. I remember the man at the gate who takes the tickets from the customers administered XFW injections before we were allowed on the ride so that we did not forever lose our equilibriums. At first, my mama protested to the treatment considering that her beliefs were based in natural medicine, but because she had been drinking, she surrendered that time. That really surprised me.
The roller coaster was as fast as a ball missile. Faster! I remember we twirled in multiple directions. The bubble shot up so high in the sky that I wondered which way was up, and which way was down. That day, I wondered if life could get any better. Luckily, Mum was tipsy because I would not get off the ride.
Now the roller coast looks burnt from looting fires and the candy cane striped tracks are rusted out and severed in some spots. Some pieces are even missing. The glass is shattered on the bubble cars and some are flipped over on their topsides.
Taking in a quick, sharp breath, I glance at Mum. “I assume we ought to wait for Bunky before we try to hide on the hydramic-craft. Are you in agreement?” I look down at my bare feet and totter slightly side to side.
“Where is that young man?” Her tone rings with irritation. “He better bring my boy.”
My stomach clenches. How can she think that Zip is still alive? She described to Bunky and me how the kidnapper suffocated him. It seems she does not remember anymore. Rubbing my eyes with my fists, I frown and look over at her. “We might get arrested if someone on the crew finds us stowed away. I’m not certain how we can board the craft by ourselves without getting caught.”
“I see security guards. Look there.” My mama points in the direction. “Do you see the one at the loading ramp?”
Feeling a little dizzy. Changing my gaze, I nod. “And there seems to be a guard on each deck.”
She scratches her chin with one long fingernail. “I wonder what they are transporting in the hydramic craft. From the looks of it, it seems it has unusually high security.”
“Forces me to consider what they are fearful of.” My mind whirls with the possibilities as I straighten the red bowtie on my blue plaid dress.
Mum’s brown eyes narrow as she begins plaiting her curly hair and braiding it, something she occasionally does when she feels anxious. “Makes me wonder if they are hiding something.”
A rush of heat shoots up my body. Woah! At once I turn around, sensing a presence.
Bunky is suddenly right beside me! How did he get there without me noticing his approach? As I stare at him briefly with wide eyes, an ironic grin forms on his face.
“You, uh, think I, uh, deserted you?” he smirks as he runs one hand over his silky black hair. It seems like he is holding something behind his back with the other hand.
“Thank God you came back.” In the excitement of the moment, I must stop myself before I throw my arms around his body. “This dock makes my skin crawl,” I say instead.
He shakes his head, seemingly entertained. “And the metropolis doesn’t?” His low, deep voice seems sardonic.
I bite my lip, playing along as I tilt my head to the side examining him. “What’s behind your back?” I push my glasses further up on my nose.
He presses his lips flat against each other in a smile that conjures mischief in my mind.
I feel self-conscious as my eyebrows draw together, and I wonder what he is up to. I do not have to ponder long because he brings his hand out from behind his back. He is holding in the palm of his hand the tiniest white puppy.
“Oh, my!” I say my mouth breaking wide open as do my eyes. “It’s soooooooooooo adorable!” The puppy is a tiny white fluff ball with the biggest black eyes. Really cute! The cutest I have ever seen.”
“For you,” he says, mysterious thoughts dancing in his gold eyes. “It’s a Maltese.”
“Are you crazy?” I laugh, my hand flying to my mouth. People just do not do stuff like this during the times of the Unith Coven takeover. Where in the world did he find an animal that gorgeous? It looks like something out of Chinese holographic animation.
“What are we going to do with a dog?” My mama shakes her head as she looks up at the night sky. “That is a dog, right? Or is it a fluffy Guinee pig?”
Bunky turns to Mum. “Shell, great sacks, you look like a new woman. Pretty great for antibiotics.”
“My strength is starting to come back too.”
Bunky has a certain shimmer in his eyes that catches my attention. He reminds me of a giant black lion. Maybe it’s the heavy, yet regal way he moves or possibly it is his black shiny hair that is usually tousled like the shaggy mane of a lion. Possibly it is his low, primal sounding voice. It is definitely his gold eyes. They are animal like. He looks strong and fierce.
“You are all cleaned up and you have new clothes on.” I wonder where he went as I take the tiny puppy into my hands. My heart warms. “It’s a female?”
He nods.
I look with a soft smile at Bunky who is clad in designer khaki pants and a white button-down Lou Boro dress shirt. “Did you just come from a country club cyborg z match?” My mind reels as I imagine Bunky propped grandly upon a mechanical digitized stallion swinging clubs at interstellar balls in the royal’s court with a gang of wealthy young adults. The idea is a far cry from the New York Italian mobster depiction I had in my mind of him earlier in the night. This man confuses me, I think as I stroke the tiny puppy’s head as she licks my hand. I look back up at Bunky. “How are we going to stow away on the hydramic craft with a puppy?” I lift my shoulders and then look at her feeling a pinch in my heart. “It might bark and give us away.” I look back at Bunky.
He raises a dark brow as our eyes meet and jokingly, he says in a musical voice, “I have a surprise for the three of you.”

5
Since the economy crashed with the release of the first virus, Solar 49, I do not believe I have witnessed a single soul outfitted so charmingly. Bunky appears debonair in his sleek clothing standing amid the amusement park wreckage.
“Considering your appearance, I assume you did not swim to the docks as Mum and I were anticipating?”
“Well, uh, you know, change of plans,” he says. That crooked grin forms on his perfectly sculpted face that’s a little too big. “This way, ladies.”
My mama’s eyes widen as she tilts her chin, appearing pleased.
Bunky offers his hands to Mum. “Uh, I’d like to help you.” He pauses with his hands still out. “May I?” he encourages, leaning further forward. Then without further questions, he scoops her up into his strong arms with her hiking stick still in her hands.
Mum’s face reddens as she laughs. She looks a little giddy like a child. She hugs the makeshift stick to her body as Bunky carries her like a baby.
I follow along, holding the beautiful white puppy, as we leave the docks toward the shadowy, deserted parking lot. Bunky stops abruptly and opens the passenger door of a polished blue XO Port.
“Goodness gracious!” Mum says, looking at the XO Port. “Nice. It’s been forever since the last time I saw a port.” Mum’s brown eyes sparkle. “Where is Zip?” She juts her chin forward trying to see into the XO Port.
Bunky looks at me with an impassive expression on his face and then motions to the car with his forehead without answering Mum’s question. “I borrowed this port for our travels.”
“Did you steal it?” Mum asks indifferently.
“Ah, nah,” he says. “A friend, uh, loaned it to me, you see. She asked me to, uh, drive it down south for her. We’ll, uh, you know, drop it at the bottom of Presco Mountains and her buddies will, uh, retrieve it there.”
“Lucky us,” I say wondering who this woman friend is. Maybe he has a wealthy fiancée? I bite down hard, teeth against teeth. If he has a lady, how come she is not coming to the mountains with him?
Bunky sets Mum in the XO Port before I climb in. I watch Bunky walk in a sort of bouncy strut around the port before he gets inside. My mama is in the middle between Bunky and me. Mum was correct. It has been forever since we have been in a XO Port and this auto looks high tech with endless luxuries. It has that new scent. All black leather and silver metal. Silky smooth and soft to the touch.
“My oh my, I declare, we are living the life. Such a delightful novelty,” my mama says as she glides her long nails feathery across the buttons and switches on the control panel.
“Uh, yeah, ain’t it bitchin’?” Bunky’s gold eyes blink several times. “This auto is powered by a high-end slush hydro engine and generates electricity for land and disseminates DUP3 to the jet engines for flight.”
“Lotto hit,” I chuckle sardonically as I hold my new little puppy in my lap. I would bet my life on it that this is going to be an escapade like none other spending time with Bunky Ohare.
Mum takes in a deep breath with a gentle smile on her fine-featured face as she lays her head back on the headrest. “I can tell the port is light weight also.”
“True, yeah, very true.” Bunky nods as his eyes shift side to side. “It has to be to fly without wings.”
Mum shifts her position in the bench seat. “From my recollection, the XO Ports from before the new government or rather the lack of, seemed somewhat weightier even though they elevated off the road.”
He looks at my mama and smiles. “Hey, you saw. Yeah, they, uh, were heavier. This one, you know, is a sports model and can elevate higher than the, you know, standard.” With that, he starts the engine, and the XO Port rises off the blacktop.
Like the speed of a rocket, Bunky, Mum, the puppy, and I are already jetting in the direction of the 303 freepass. As I gaze out the windows, the center of my chest pinches and then aches as I look at the business buildings, restaurants, and shopping malls in their charred and dilapidated states. It has been forever since I have seen this part of Los Angeles.
When we take a detour out of the business districts, the ache in my heart spreads through my whole body as I shake my head. We speed past many types of homes in the community districts. The houses appear abandoned and seared, many entirely burnt to the ground. In moments like these, I find it difficult to fathom how such an opulent city can lose its life force in such a short period of time. I have never understood why seemingly civil human beings are so inclined to destroy others’ properties when presented with the opportunity. Once on the 303 freepass, Bunky boosts the XO Port higher in the night air and we zoom southbound at maybe one hundred and forty miles per hour.
I find it even odder whizzing down the 303 freepass in its desolation, than it was jetting through the neighborhoods. Sporadically, other ports speed past us in varying directions, but other than those flashing moments we fly in isolation. The current trafficking of this freepass seems bizarrely dissimilar to the jam-packed skyways of the past. Even the flashy lights and animation on the billboards and storefronts facing the freepass are burnt out. No more hologram advertisements either. To me it seems like most everything I observe has an abandoned, spooky feel.
A bright cherry red XO Port flies past us. When I look to Mum, I see her jaw drop as her face seems to lose the blood flow from it, giving her a pale appearance. “Did you see the people inside the port?” The words rush out of her mouth. “Gothics were in there. Spiked chokers, black capes. I think they were witches and warlocks. The freaks that just passed us.”
Turning to her, I bite my lower lip and feel how it still hurts from the last time I bit it too hard. “Most likely everyone who flies by is part of the Unith Coven because most regular citizens are poor and can’t afford to drive.” I estimate that all the XO Ports that zoom by are likely the persecutors because they are typically the possessors of the gold.
“I suppose you are correct,” my mama whispers and then coughs in her hand. Looking downward at her lap, she taps her nails on the black leather seat beside her injured thigh. I get the impression that she is not paying attention to me. She unbraids the loose braids of her brown hair and plaits her nails through the locks. Then Mum pulls in her legs to her torso and takes hold of the head rest. With her back to the front window, she now faces the back window and stares behind looking out.
Seeing my mama so nervous, makes my heart speed up. “I am sure the witches did not realize we are ordinary citizens. They probably thought we were one of them.” I hope to comfort Mum and maybe myself as well. I feel worried about the horrors they might inflict upon Mum, Bunky, and me if they overtake our XO Port.
My new tiny puppy must sense our fright because she pants and jumps up on her back legs upon my lap. “Sit,” I whisper to her, but she is not trained yet, so she continues hopping. I stroke her tiny head to no avail.
Lifting on her knees, Mum stares over the headrest now. I wish she would be more careful with her injury. She reminds me of a child. She says, “I hate the Unith Coven. I am hoping they will turn around, repent, and serve the world instead of take. What do you think, Bunky?”
His head jerks up just the slightest bit. “Huh?” He looks at Mum for a second. “Oh.” He chuckles and looks back out at the freepass ahead. “Well, you see, from what I know of those snakes, they ain’t doin’ nothin’ that ain’t servin’ their own interests. You know? Witches hate humanity. They want the world to themselves. They want, uh, to, uh, sterilize everyone and kill off the population.”
“I’ve heard…” I say, “…that they have science that can make them live forever.”
“They kidnap children and use them for their own disgraceful pleasures.” Mum’s voice rattles with hatred. “The coven has to be destroyed, somehow, some way.” Her cheeks flush, but her brown eyes widen, looking bloodshot, as she shakes one finger and sits back down and forward facing in her seat. She sets her hands in her lap, yet her body trembles as she looks straight ahead out the front window.
It makes me nervous that she talks so openly about her beliefs before Bunky. We don’t live in a free world anymore. The United States used to be the land of the free and the brave, but now North America is a far cry from that. My mama only just met Bunky, yet she acts as if he is her own son. I wonder if that is just displacement feelings to soothe her pain over losing Zip.
“Witches and warlocks are bad, Mum. We agree.” I hope to calm her. I am worried about her bullet wound. It could be dangerous for her health if her emotions escalate. “Think about healing,” I say to Mum, putting my hand on her shoulder. “Extreme change is not for sick people.”
Mum shrugs my hand off her shoulder. “Once settled in a safe atmosphere, we will organize a subversive coalition against the Unith Coven.” She growls through gritted teeth. “Those witches and warlocks will pay for their transgressions against the United States of America.”
Looking across the seat, I see that Bunky is fiddling with some gadgets on the control panel. As far as I can guess, he does not appear to give much thought to Mum’s declarations. Maybe he thinks she is not mentally stable. I know she is sane, but I get how she might come across to others who do not know her well. He seems to be fixated on other things.
After all this talk of an uprising and the edginess I am feeling about the possibility of our XO Port being spotted and overtaken by the coven, I purposely tune out my mama’s rants. I go to that relaxed place in my mind and try to just be there. But once I tune out my outer senses and am in a meditative state, I feel a weird, baffling distress overhauling my mind.
As we speed further south, out of Long Beach, the oddest thing occurs. I begin to hear music in my mind. The resonances are weak, but entirely lovely.
I look out the windows to regain my senses, but I can still hear the music in my mind. The freepass is wider here than it was further north. To my recollection, I do not think I have ever been to this part of California before. We spent our time in the Los Angeles regions mostly. In the past, Mum insisted my brother and I remain in the LA areas.
Apparently, Mum is still expressing her abhorrence of the Unith Coven when I interrupt her. “Bunky, Mum…” I look from one to the other. “Can you hear that music?” My cheeks heat and my voice probably sounds a little shaky.
Mum throws her hands in the air and turns to me. “What’s that?” She breaths in deeply and sighs in exaggeration.
“I hear music.” With my confession, I look at Bunky as he mans the auto. I see a glint in his golden eyes, yet his expression appears impassive. Whatever he is thinking is an enigma to me.
“Music, hmmn, music. Well…” My mama tosses her brown hair.
I am not sure what she is thinking either. Does she hear it or not?
Mum raises her head high as she sits upright and says, “Vanille is an extraordinary singer.” She raises her eyebrows and nods her head as she looks at Bunky.
My cheeks heat. I put my hand on my forehead.
Still watching the freepass, Bunky grins and laughs as if she has expressed to him a silly joke. “Vanille is full of surprises. Isn’t she?”
Mum nods emphatically. “I bet you did not realize an angel is in the car with us.” She smiles and then winks at me.
I cringe and slunk down in my seat, but Bunky shifts his position and says, “Get out.” Then he stares into my eyes with his lips tightly pursed together like he is holding in a flood of laughter. “Sing a melody, Vanille.”
“Ah…” I look down and to the window side of the auto. How could Mum do this to me? “I will not sing!” I put my hands on my hips and chuckle while shaking my head side to side.
“Come on, Sweatheart. Please, sugar pie.” Her voice is pleading, yet playful as she prods me with her elbow. “I would love to hear my favorite tune.”
“Yeah, Vanille, sing for us. Bring out the joy.” He tilts his head down like a puppy and gazes into my eyes through his thick black eyelashes.
I wonder if he knows how irresistible he is. His mocking countenance humors me, and I consider giving in, why not?
Mum says to Bunky, “I never gave Vanille voice lessons or any formal training in music. People say her voice reaches the stars and radiates on high.”
“Oh, please, Mum.” I look to Bunky. “Mothers always think their children are perfect. What she says is a complete exaggeration.” The palms of my hands are sweating, and I fear my voice will crack. I cannot sing in the presence of this breathtaking man. Yet, if I refuse, I will look like a scared chicken.
I begin singing my mother’s favorite song which is Hebrew, the language of angels and God as she told me in the past before she became an idol worshipper. It is a Psalm from the bible.
I try to brush away the embarrassment out of my thoughts and begin to sing joining the music of my mind to my vocals. To my luck, the indescribable faint sounds of music in my mind on this early, dark morning I integrate into my vocals. The rhythm of the lute lends passion to my voice as I sing about God and spiritual concepts that I do not even understand. My mind feels like it is entering secret places or maybe even other realms and I feel free as a bird, soaring through the notes upwards toward heaven.
Yet, to my dismay, as I sing, and the more connected I become, I see Bunky’s growing uneasiness. Ugh! He must hate my voice. He grips the steering wheel firmly and his nostrils flare. From my perception, it seems like he is in excruciating discomfort that seems to rise in force with each lyric. Should I stop? I am really into the song. Several more notes into the melody, his face begins turning red and he yells, “Stop! Please, Vanille, stop!”
At that, I stop singing at once. My cheeks feel as hot as flames. If I could, I would hide under a rock right now. I wish he would just pretend to like the song. How can he act like that? Was he attempting to destroy the one hobby I love?
When I look at Mum, her eyes widen and her chin juts back. It seems my mama feels somewhat dissatisfied with his reaction to the song, but she does not complain. After all, Mum and I do not know Bunky all that well and we are in a vulnerable situation with him.
To my disappointment, at this point, the fragility of our circumstances starts to surface in my thoughts and feel as real as ever. This may be a bad situation. Now that we were forced from our cave on the island, we really have nowhere to go. I am not so sure I desire to go to Presco Mountains because I do not long to be around Bunky any longer. As far as I can tell, Mum does not have any considerable arrangement for us.
A wave of nausea rushes over me. I feel sick. My stomach knots up and I just stare straight ahead watching the night, feeling the shock penetrate my being.

6
Bunky drives in silence for a while. I see that his frame looks stiff as he clasps firmly on the steering wheel. “I hear the music also.” He looks at me and presses his lips together. His penetrating gold eyes narrow as he stares at me, sending chills through my body.
“You do?” I hand the tiny white puppy to my mama and push my glasses closer to my eyes.
Bunky holds his gaze on me.
Mum shrugs her shoulders and rolls her eyes. “All I can hear is the wind rushing past us.”
I touch my chin and tune into my mind. “Does the music progressively intensify in as we fly further south?”
He looks away from me and clenches his teeth together with a snarling sound rising from his throat. Clutching the steering wheel firmer, he speaks nonsensical words in a demonic sounding voice.
Mum scoots her body away from him, closer to me. The puppy wines. I just stare at him with wide eyes. My hand is over my mouth.
Without any sort of notice, he suddenly turns the XO Port off the freepass, hitting the auto into the side rail before elevating it over it. We all are thrown forward and then back. It appears as if we are going to crash into an abandoned food house, but just in time, he directs the XO Port over it. He accelerates.
Mum screams, “Watch out!”
Bunky hits a switch on the control panel swiftly and we shoot over an orchard. At the end of the stretch of trees, he turns the wheel in a rough and sudden manner. We spin in a three-sixty where he lands the auto on the dried-out lawn of an old Stone Age looking house in an ordinary suburban district.
“Stay here,” he murmurs. “Back like lighting.” He practically darts out of the auto. He points the controller at the XO Port, and we hear a clicking sound that I presume is to lock us inside. My heart pounds in my chest. As he runs heavy-footed toward the back of the house that has a rounded look and appears to be constructed of solid rock, Mum tries the doors, and they are both locked indeed.
My mama rakes her nails through her brown curly hair, her eyes wide. “What is the chump up to?”
I wonder if he is a stalker like I originally questioned. Is he going to murder us? “What were those sounds he was making?” I twist a lock of my long white hair around my finger as a useless attempt to soothe myself.
“He crashed into the rail and then nearly smashed into that house and the trees. He could have killed us all,” Mum scoffs.
Mum clears her throat. “What is this business about hearing music in your heads?” she says as she shakes the lever on the door of the XO Port to no avail.
“Quite frankly, it’s inexplicable.” I take the puppy from her. “At least I’m not the only soul detecting the song. Maybe the DSV is playing in the auto and you are tone deaf.” I realize that is not true and that the entrancing music is in my head, but I experience slight relief teasing her.
“It’s eating away at me trying to get a grip on whatever the heck is making Bunky act like a wild cat,” I complain to Mum as I tug on the strand of hair that I wrapped around my finger.
“It’s my guess he has deep rooted family issues,” Mum says. “Did you see the pain in his eyes when he showed us the photograph of his mother and father?”
“Family issues aside, I expect it is more than that.” I throw my head up and lift my eyes feeling flabbergasted. “Whatever is eating at him is huge.” But, as unfathomable as Bunky seems, he utterly captivates my mind. I look at my mama pursing my lips. “Any revelations pop into your head of where we ought to relocate to?”
Mum looks at me and then leans forward as she puts her head in her hands. “Any feasible ideas have escaped me.” She talks muffled through her hands without lifting her head. “Those abductors stole all of our supplies. Camping in the wilderness without our stuff would be hard.”
“Without jackets, we would get cold in the night. We would have to sleep in leaves. Lots of insects would prey on us without your herbs to ward them off.”
Mum sits up and nods her head with a scowl on her face. “It would take time to gather and grow more. We do not have matches or flint stone for fire, and we have no tools for hunting.”
“In my opinion, it seems that our best chance at survival is to stay with Bunky for the time being. I personally want to check out the colony he speaks of in Presco Mountains. We might like it there. It might be gratifying becoming a part of a community. If not, we can just take off to another place after we build up our supplies again. Another door might open.”
Mum takes in a deep breath and nods before exhaling. “Quite frankly, the options are sparse or rather zilch.” She yawns and touches the tender area near the bullet wound on her thigh. “Maybe I will come up with another option in time. I hope.” She rubs her face with her hands and lays her head back on the leather support. “That is if this young man does not kill us.”
I notice Bunky exit a door of the stone house with a mischievous smirk on his handsome face. He jogs toward the port clutching two bulky sacks. He raises a dark eyebrow as he opens the door to the XO Port. “Struck it rich,” he chuckles.
Chills finger up my spine. “What’s in the bags?” I ask drawing my eyebrows together.
He shakes his head side to side, with the grin still on his face, his shaggy black hair swaying in the dark wind.
When I look over at my mama, I notice her brown eyes seem to glimmer with hope which surprises me because I thought she fears him like I do. “What sorts of presents are you carrying in those huge sacks?”
“Garments, fleeces, skins, sleeping bags, tents, blades, toiletries, etc…”
Feeling some relief, but still on edge, I try to cover my fear. “Just what we were wishing for.” I place my hand on my neck. “It’s like you read our minds. How did you get the things?” I lift my shoulders and eyebrows at the same time while pressing my lips together. My thoughts circle in skepticism. But after I consider for a moment, I decide it is logical that he would have the same ambitions for supplies as my mama and me.
His pale cheeks flush, but he chuckles blackly. “I have friends in high places.” His low, deep voice hints at irony.
“What are you getting at?”
His chuckles cease abruptly, and he stares at me impassively. “For me to know and you to find out.”
My palms sweat, but I burst out laughing. “I must confess—I am more than interested.”
He smirks in a surprisingly derisive manner. He seems to enjoy teasing me and I start to wonder why. “No worries,” he says, his gold eyes softening. “I’ll, I’ll, uh, you know, just put the bags in the trunk and, uh, we will, uh, rocket to the stars.” His smile shows his white perfect teeth as it turns mocking.
With Bunky in the driver’s seat, we race onward in the XO Port as it jets down the freepass. The music in my mind continues. The rhythms feel spellbinding as if the notes are drawing me to a particular location. Is something in the distance beckoning me? It seems that the direction we are progressing in is indeed the correct course. I sense that.
Driving in silence, Bunky still seems agitated as he mans the port. I observe that his body looks tense. He clenches his jaw as his fingers tap in rhythm upon the steering wheel to the melody that is playing in my head.
I experience a sort of exalted pleasure hearing the tunes in my mind. It is as if it is the most beautiful music in the world.  Considering how the songs elevate me, I wonder why the music seems to upset him. I sense that the notes link me to Bunky in some way as well as to the location that we are progressing toward. This is a gut feeling I have, and I sense that Bunky has this awareness also. When I glance at Bunky and see his agitation, I turn away toward the passenger window at my side and squeeze my temples with my fingers. He must be repulsed with me and hate our musical connection. I want to sock the window with my fist, but I refrain for fear of seeming deranged.

It is dawn now. The sky is a purple blue. As I gaze out the front window holding my sleeping puppy in my lap, I see daybreak hit. The sun starts to rise over the ocean to the west. We zoom by the golden views of Mission Beach’s abandoned metropolis. Nothing is fully clear at such a fast speed, but the hodge-podge looks mesmerizing like a vague abstract painting.
As we progress, I notice the songs seem more powerful in my mind now, more captivating. The farther south we fly, the more clarity I seem to gain. I perceive that I am being summoned to a lake. In my head, I perceive imagery of soothing, invigorating water in my mind.
Mum opens her eyes and stretches her arms. “This is how I see it…” she yawns a little too loudly as she speaks, “…Vanille and I are going to try to find another island to reside on. I do not want to live in the mountainside. Thank you for all the gear you brought us. With supplies like that, we can survive on our own.”
She seems a little shaken as she speaks. Sensing her doubt, I feel sorry for her. I wonder if her usual confidence has waned because of her denial over losing Zip.
Raking her brown hair with her long nails, she says, “Pull over at one of the river inlets. We can catch a ride from there to Fate Islands.”
“Mum!” I put my hand on her shoulder, my face flushes with a startling wrath. “It is suicide to tell Bunky to discard us at some river in a deserted town. I want to go to the lake. I mean Presco Mountains.”
Her chin juts back and she pushes my hand off her shoulder. “You are not in charge, Vanille.” I notice goosebumps prick on her arms. “We, uh…” She looks at Bunky and out the back window. “My main goal is to form a colony that will unify to overthrow the Unith Coven. I cannot rest until we wipe them off the face of earth…”
My throat tightens. “This is nonsense.” We are not in a free world. She should know better than to speak so openly about organizing an uprising. I look at her, my eyes wide. “Perhaps we might organize a coalition with the Presco Mountain colony. But beforehand we must set up in a safe location. Once we are grounded, we can plan from a stronger base.”
Her face pales while her eyes glass over. “I understand,” she responds, wiping her forehead with the back of her hand. “We can give Presco Mountains a try, but only for a short time. Once we find another location to live, we will move. How’s that sound?”
“Sounds like a plan.” Though I am astonished that my mama surrendered to my petition and refrained from rebuke toward my impudence, I feel comfort because the overwhelming desires I have been experiencing spawned by the music renders me no choice. I fear if Mum does not acquiesce, the music will overtake me, and I may be faced with no other choice but to depart from her. Under normal circumstances, I would never even consider—I cherish my mama and feel extremely devoted to her—but the music’s callings seem to be overriding my natural tendencies. It feels like I am losing my freewill.
Looking at me with blazing eyes, Mum crosses her arms over her chest and says, “I may be surrendering for the time being, but at all costs, never so much as even approach the lake in Presco Mountains.”
“Are you serious?” I turn in toward Mum, wrinkling my nose. “What reason?” Flabbergasted, I lean back on the seat throwing my hands up as I look through the windshield.
“It’s not a good time for debate, Vanille.” Mum’s cheeks flush as the sinews on her neck lift with apparent concern over the matter.
Rolling my eyes, I glance at Bunky, whose chiseled face looks frighteningly stern as he glares with sharp eyes ahead. His lean, muscular body, seems overloaded with pent up aggression mixed with torment.
Some minutes later, just as I observe the freepass change to the 605, Bunky merges onto Highpass 202. I see a plethora of decrepit, crumbling high-rise structures, charred and burnt from looting fires. Within the wreckage, the sunshine appears lively and brilliant, while the metropolis looks and feels like a ghost town. It looks like dead bodies sprinkle the ground, but I am not sure. The idea of mass famine and bereavement troubles me. A terrible stench wafts into the XO Port.
“Ugh,” Mum says, pinching her nose. “It smells like…” She stops herself and looks out the side window of the port.
We zoom above the metropolis and now appear to be soaring through the countryside. The oaks along the highpass look lifeless and blackened from the fires of looters.
As I gaze out the windows, I see that we pass by several abandoned farming towns. I am unable to recognize the names of the townships because some of the signs have been destroyed and the ones that are still intact are difficult to discern flying at such swift speeds, but I happen to catch the name of a town called Peachville. The peach trees there appear like long black sticks with barren branches where the leaves have burned away. Hologram shoots and animated billboards on the sides of the highpass have fallen onto the road, but we whiz right over them.
About an hour passes when I look at my mama and notice that she is sleeping with her head tilted back with her mouth open. Bunky heads off the highpass and maneuvers the port up a long winding road. To my astonishment, I see that the foliage and trees along this mountain passway look quite green and lush.
Now in this greenery, the song intensifies even greater in my mind. “Rush, Bunky,” I edge him on as my heart pounds against my chest. I hunger to arrive.
He does not seem to acknowledge my encouragements, or at least he pretends not to as he clutches onto the steering wheel with all his apparent strength. His desires appear to fire within him as well, yet he seems to force his gaze away from me. His body appears to be subtlety moving to the rhythms of our song.
In my confusion, the roadpass levels and then descends into a colorful, flowery valley. The sweet odors of the countryside scent the XO Port. I attempt to control myself and reason myself out of my seemingly uncontrollable desires. My efforts seem for naught as my yearnings intensify even greater. In my inner turmoil, I heave my body away from Bunky and glare through the glass at the landscape’s shocking beauty as I burrow my fingernails into the armrest.
To my dismay, I notice that Bunky starts to pant like an animal. In a seeming ferocity, Bunky suddenly jolts the port to a rough stop, cutting the engine at once, at the edge of a green lush mountain. “Now! Get out!” he commands with subdued desperation in his deep, gruff voice.

7
Throwing the XO Port door open, Bunky runs to the backend of the auto and retrieves the supply sacks. I shake my mama’s shoulders as her eyes fly open and her mouth snaps shut. “Woah, what’s happening?” she says wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.
“Looks like we have arrived at Presco Mountains,” I say trying to hide the bottled energy inside of my body. I breath in a slow breath and attempt to come across as peaceful and ordinary as I can.
Mum twists her torso briefly side to side and stretches her arms before looking out the glass with a yawn and a pat to her mouth. “Breathtaking!” Her eyes shoot open wider with the recognition of the landscape. “Such a lovely plateau and mountainside.”
“Not now,” I motion her out of the port and pick up the tiny white puppy who has wiggled her way down to the auto’s floor.
By the time we are out of the port, I see that Bunky is already hiking up the mountain before us with our bags slung over his shoulder.
“Come on, Mum” I huff, as I pull her by the arm. “Bunky is way ahead of us.”
Her face pales as she stares at me with raised eyebrows. “I’m not sure about this.” She looks ahead at Bunky who is moving fast.
“Hustle!” I say, my voice edged with angst. I worry that I am bossing my own mama around disrespectfully, but I can hardly contain myself.
She gets out of the XO Port with her hiking cane and my body tenses. Nausea settles in the pit of my stomach as I look at the stick in her hand. I feel bad for forgetting about her injury and coaxing her along. “I forgot about your bullet wound,” I say sheepishly, looking down.
“Don’t you worry, Vanille,” she says, tightening the papyrus leaf with twine. “I can walk perfectly fine now.”
My head jerks up. “You need to take it easy.” I say this as I find myself pawing at the ground with my foot. In my desire, I can hardly contain myself. “Get on my back,” I say in a demanding tone.
“You want to carry me up that hill?”
“Yes, I can do this.” I shake my head adamantly. My mama is a thin, light woman and I have a lot of strength for my size.
Mum knows this, so with a little chuckle, she tosses the cane and climbs on my back. “Here hold Bipsy,” I say, handing her my little pup. “Careful,” I say. At once, I take off jogging up the green, woodsy mountain trying to catch up to Bunky. He moves quickly and although we can still see him as he waves us toward him, he progresses at a sizable distance. “Let me carry Shell,” he yells out stopping for a moment.
I shake my head. He is already carrying three huge bags of supplies. The weight he is hauling is probably two hundred and fifty or more pounds. “I got this,” I call out. “Mum only weighs 100 pounds.”
He does not outwardly acknowledge me and continues onward. As I watch him moving like a wild animal up the mountainside, I ponder his intentions. Does he yearn as I do for the lake? I guess he must by the way he plows over bushes and does not even wait for us. His mind seems like an ever-changing mystery to me.
It does not bother me that I have an extra 100 pounds of weight on my back. Esoteric rhythms entrance my essence… The heavenly melodies entice me onwards. We pass a charming pond with cascading waterfalls. As we hurry along a narrow dirt trail, I see a stream flowing downwards beside us.
“Glorious fresh water!” Mum says in my ear. “We can grow so many herbs and vegetables with that water,” she mumbles to me as I run. “I bet Bipsy would like a drink of water. I like the name,” she comments.
I look ahead and see Bunky still running. “We’ll lose Bunky if we stop. Once we arrive, we’ll nourish her.”
Once we are deep within the forest, we reach a small municipal of log cabins. With Mum and Bipsy on my back, we catch up to Bunky as he approaches the headquarter cabin. “You made it,” he says, raising one eyebrow and then winking at me.
I blow air out of my lips and set my mama down with my pup in her hands. Taking in a deep breath, Bunky knocks on the door.
A tall man with a strong build opens. He rubs his shaved head and stands squarely. He is giant, even bigger than Bunky. “What do you want?” he asks. His dark eyes blink several times.
“Zopya Dorebla vouches for us. We, uh, want to, uh, maybe get to know you people and then maybe help out, uh, join the family.” Bunky says also standing squarely, matching the bald man’s tough demeanor as best as he can.
“Wait here,” the tall, thick guy says in gruff tone. He looks like a big bully.
I stand there fidgeting, while Mum sets Bipsy down a few feet from the door, to pee. Bunky runs his fingers through his silky black hair and then leans his hand against the door frame. After a minute, a squat man of with an average size frame comes to the door. His silver hair is cut short and matches his grey overalls.
“Greetings, my dear friends.” He holds his arms out and looks to the sky. “I’m Zetler Hopskin, the colony president. I presume you are Bunky Ohare.”  We have been looking forward to your arrival.”
“I hear, uh, good things about this community.” Bunky knocks fists with President Hopskin. “My friends are joining me. This is Shell Cossette and this is her daughter, Vanille Cossette.”
“Much obliged,” the man says. “Zopya has showered you with praises. The colony can benefit from strong females like the two of you.” He glances at Mum and I and smirks, maybe because we do not look strong as he suggests. I suppose Bunky mentioned us to his friend when we were apart.
Mum pets the puppy in her hand. Looking up, she glances at me and grins. “Pleasure to meet you, Sir,” she says to the president. She and I shake hands with him.
“My helper, Marabo, will guide the three of you to your assigned cabins. He will also allocate your work positions. If you labor and adhere to the rules, you will advance to better and better positions within the colony. I suspect you all will be pleased to become an integral part of our community.”
“So kind of you, president,” Mum says as she nods her head. “This opportunity is much appreciated during these difficult times.”
“Yes, we are living in a peculiar time that calls for the observance of strict laws. We must all work in unification.” He adjusts the lapel on his shirt. “The primary rule is do not cross the boundary line separating our colony from the lake in the valley below.”
My body tenses. “How come?” I blurt out, my eyes wide. I notice my hands begin to sweat. I should not have spoken. The law he describes frazzles me. How can I observe this rule when I feel such an irrevocable yearning to go to the very lake he refers to?
President Hopskin continues, “The Unith Coven has air scouts that distinguish the souls of human beings. We have taken all the necessary safeguards against detection within our boundaries, but thus far we have not established a protection field at the lake.”
“I hate lakes,” Mum says with a long sigh. She fans her face with her hand, looking relieved. “We don’t want to go to any lake.” I assume she is happy that I am not permitted to go to the lake that she bizarrely forbade me to go to earlier. The reason she did not want to go to Prescot Mountains seemed to be because of the lake even though she said she swam in it in the past. I do not understand her.
“I must make this clear.” The president hooks his thumbs on the straps of his overalls. “The penalty for crossing the boundary line is life imprisonment.” He looks at each one of us individually with his brows furrowed. “We strictly enforce this law, though nobody has tested us yet. If you do not agree with our laws, then you should not join the colony.”
“Full agreement, President,” Mum says with a smile on her face. “Crossing the boundary line and entering into a non-protected zone sets every member of the colony in danger. Witches and warlocks are ruthless, forbidding monsters who slay and enslave individuals. It is vital that we take every precaution to insure our survival.”
Zetler Hopskin nods, his grey eyes switching back and forth. “I hope you do appreciate.” He appears satisfied with her reply. “Our colony is concerned about the security of our assembly on every measure. Extreme circumstances call for extreme laws.”
The large guy with the bald head, Marabo, chaperons us to our cabins. With his hands balled into fists at his sides, Bunky walks on the other side of Marabo and does not talk to Mum or me. I see that Bunky’s face looks tense. His nostrils are flared as he walks with a bit of a jig. I get the impression that Bunky is attempting to control his feelings just as I am.
As we follow behind Marabo, I whisper to Mum, “After what that president guy said, I’m guessing maybe this is not the right place for us. What do you think?”
Mum juts her chin back with surprise. “Ah, Vanille. You asked to come here.”
“I did, but…” I pause when Marabo glances at us with an angry glint in his eyes. “We can try it,” I whisper to my mama. I was not keen on trying out this colony after listening to President whatever his name is, but now that we are already here, I fear it might be unsafe to back out now. The community might not like people knowing about their colony and then not joining it. If we decide to leave, we might have to escape subversively.
I notice a group of maybe college age women planting seeds in a large garden that we approach. Maybe some are younger. They look up at us. I notice name tags pinned to their blouses and t-shirts. When they see Bunky, they poke each other and begin to giggle and whisper amongst each other. I am sure they are attracted to him.
One young woman with a name tag that says Belzera Lampeer smiles flirtatiously at Bunky. He does not respond outwardly. I see that she has a curvaceous, tall physique much like a games model. Her face is fine-featured and stunning, the kind of woman most men would chase after. I notice that her demeanor is a bit tough which appeals to a lot of men, but not all. Maybe Bunky does not like tough women like Belzera Lampeer. If he gets to know me, he might not like me either. Not that he likes me now. My cheeks heat at the thought.
Now the particular song sounding in my mind feels entirely enchanting and I consider taking all risks and absolutely running away from everyone in search of the lake. I must be an idiot to even consider. Why is it so difficult to control myself?  That president will imprison me for life if I go to the lake. I manage somehow to control myself as overwhelmed as I feel.
Once we arrive at the homes, I see that the cabins are arranged in concentric circles with the clearing where community meetings are held in the center. “Here is your cabin,” Marabo says to Mum and me. He drops the keys in Mum’s hand. “Bunky,” he says in a gruff tone. “You will live there.” He points to the cabin next to ours and hands him the key.
“You cannot enter your cabins until you read the DTX device out loud and sign it. It lists the colony laws.” He hands the five-inch by two-inch device to Bunky. “You first, fellow.”
Bunky takes the device in his hand. His face pales as he looks at the hologram form that lifts from the forefront. “Uh,” he says. He stares at the list for a few minutes and then signs it.
“I said you have to read it out loud,” Marabo says in agitation.
“Uh, yeah,” Bunky says. “Yeah.” He looks at the hologram list and begins to read aloud, “Uh, fist… I while fohloo…” He looks at Mum. “I’m a little tired. Ladies, first.” He hands the device to my mama.
I am confused why Bunky does not just read it and what was with the nonsensical words he read? Mum takes the device from him and reads off the list. There are only ten laws. She says, “First, I will follow all of President Zetler Hopskin’s orders. Second, I will complete my assigned duties. Third, I will not litter. Fourth, I will not steal. Fifth, I will not murder. Sixth, I will attend all colony meetings. Seventh, I will not kidnap. Eighth, I will not tell anyone who is not a member the colony secrets. Ninth, any gold or supplies I receive or own, I will give to President Hopskin. Tenth, I will not cross the boundary or go to the lake.” Mum signs the screen below the hologram and hands me the device.
My forehead and hands perspire as I read off the laws. My stomach rolls at the rule that we must give President Hopskin all our gold and supplies. What a disappointment. Maybe we will steal our stuff back before we leave the colony. I guess that would be breaking the fourth law, “I will not steal.” Anger rises in me, but I subdue my feelings. After reading the rules, I sign the document and hand the device to Bunky.
He takes it and says everything on the list, but I get the impression he is not really reading it. Several of the words he reads are different than the words listed. It occurs to me that he does not know how to read. Maybe that was why he sounded so nonsensical before. He was probably sounding out the words improperly. Apparently, he must have memorized the list from Mum and me reading it aloud. My heart clenches at the recognition that he is illiterate.
Marabo does not seem to notice the mistakes in Bunky’s reading of the list. He simply grabs the DTX device from his hands. Pushing his broad shoulders back, he says to us, “President Zetler Hopskin says to tell you that there are a lot more things you have to do here at Presco Mountains than you guys read from that list I made you sign.” Though his language usage seems sloppy, his voice sounds monotone. “You are supposed to work every day but not on Sunday only. On those other days 7:00 sharp to work and off at 18:00. Don’t leave the job without getting the guard’s permission. If you guys do your work, you get your basic needs taken care of like a place to live, your food, your medicine, and supply stuff. You also have to attend all the colony meetings and the gatherings we have here in the center spot over there.” He points with his chin, but in no discernible direction.
He looks at each of us for a moment and rubs his big bald head. “To go over all this again like President Hopskins makes me do…” he continues, “…the Universal Moral Laws that you saw in the agreement are enforced. The ones like no murdering, no stealing, and no adultery, that one too, etc. He forgot that one on the list, but that one also. The colony is run in a dictatorial way for safety purposes. If anyone gets caught doing a crime by any colony leader or by, well, two witnesses, justice is served.” He shakes his head and mumbles, “You can go in your cabins now.” At that, he turns and leaves without saying goodbye or good luck or anything welcoming. 
Bunky sets our supply sacks at the doorstep. “Not what I expected. Ain’t no good the leaders will come for our supplies and gold soon,” he says with an impassive expression on his handsome face. “When you need me…” he glances at my mama, “…just knock.” He heads toward his cabin without even looking in my direction, but he looks back at my mama, and yells in his low, gravelly voice, “Take the antibiotics, Shell.”

Over the course of the next month, we work meticulously at our work assignments. The leaders assigned Mum to gardening. Bunky was ordered to build a community center. And I was forced to labor at constructing Zetler Hopskin’s luxury spa.
The jobs feel monotonous, but I feel some relief in having a cabin to reside in. I also like receiving supplies so easily. The leaders took the little gold Mum possessed as well as our supply sacks that Bunky gave us, but the leaders seem to give us what we need so in that sense, it is not so bad, I guess… I also find relief in being a member of a safe colony. For years Mum, Zip, and I hid in the island cave with constant fear of criminals. We risked our lives each time we left the cave in pursuit of food. I appreciate getting our basic needs supplied. It feels more normal also having somewhat of a social life now. For the most part, all the benefits seem to outweigh the distress of tedious hard work and the loss of freedom.
I am really confused though. This entire month that we have been in Presco Mountains, Bunky seems to avoid me. Whenever we run into each other or see each other at the food center, he turns away from me and hurries off. I am curious as to whether he still hears the songs in his mind as I do. I wonder if the music calls him to the lake too. It has been eating me up inside. I feel like I need to understand if his experiences seem like mine. Am I all alone in this or is he with me?
Because I am nineteen and missed my high school education due to the release of the Pokuth virus and the Unith Coven takeover, I am required to join in school lessons after I am released from my job every day. School is from 18:30 to 21:00 Monday through Saturday and then 7:00 to 14:00 on Sundays.
Today is Sunday and I am sitting in a classroom of mostly teenagers learning History. The room is one of twelve rooms in a four-story unit constructed of wood logs. The school faces our cabin and is positioned on the other side of the clearing where colony meetings are held.
Mr. Xom stands at a pulpit where he lectures about socialism and its principles under the Unith Coven rulership. For some students it probably seems difficult to understand the United States as a capitalistic country. My grandparents, before they died, described what America used to be with its numerous freedoms. Average citizens were encouraged to vote on what they wanted as a country. They had court systems. Everyone was permitted freedom of speech. I do not consider the Unith Coven rulership to enforce socialism as our teacher argues. The witches and warlocks do not implement a government beyond totalitarianism. They are dictators who enslave and/or kill the population at large and any government they have, we are not included within. I want to live in a land of freedom, regain capitalism as a country, and wipe the Unith Coven out. It seems like Mr. Xom is just trying to brainwash us into the communistic philosophies of this colony. Does he live in a bubble?
The teacher describes the United States of the past as a disastrous mess with ignoramuses voting on matters they were too weak minded to understand. And he tells the class how fortunate we are to live in the Presco Mountain colony that is run by a solid, brilliant president who designs and enforces complex decisions for us. For the most part, we, the other seven students and I, are not allowed to comment on his lectures, so I remain quiet, burning inside with rage.
The classroom does not have any digitized boards lining the walls like they did before the downfall of the United States. The first time I sat down at my makeshift desk and looked around the classroom, I was surprised to see a real live instructor instead of a hologram presenting the lectures. In some ways I appreciate having a physical teacher, but I feel weird all the same. The best part is that the students do not receive electric shocks for speaking in class. The teacher simply tells us to be quiet or sends us home with extra assignments.
Aside from my continuous, irresistible longing to take off to the lake that interferes with my every waking moment, the second most difficult part about sitting in the classroom is that Bunky Ohare is in all my classes and he never even glances at me. He sits across from me right now on the other side of the circle of desks gazing at Mr. Xom at his pulpit in the center. I cannot believe what boundless concentration he possesses. He rarely blinks. He simply stares like he is a predator and Mr. Xom is food.
Yet, I do observe that he taps his fingers on the desktop sporadically to the same rhythm of the song I am hearing in my mind, particularly during the chorus or at precise parts in the melody that are predominantly intense. He appears to feel disconcerted like I feel. Even with that, I am not undeniably certain if he is hearing the music. It is possible that he may simply tap his fingers to the beat coincidentally.
Belzera Lampeer with her striking five feet eleven-inch-tall physique lounges at the desk beside me. She is eighteen, a little older than the other students in the class, aside from Bunky and me. Her face looks gorgeous and fine-featured, but her disposition seems as nasty as the scar across her forehead.
“Mr. Xom!” She waves her arm in the air distastefully as she looks at Bunky instead of the instructor with her captivating grey eyes. Maybe because of her attractive appearance or maybe she has some arrangement, she is the only student who gets away with speaking freely in class.
“Yes, Belzera.” Mr. Xom straightens the collar of his dress shirt and grinds his tiny teeth.
“May we work with partners for the assignment?”
“That is the plan.” He nods and pulls a cloth from his pocket. He shakes it out and wipes his glossy forehead. The classroom has a stuffy, warm feel to it. “Everyone pair up and alternate reading to each other from the books.”
Belzera hurries over to Bunky. He appears to be staring down at his history book which he can hardly read when she leans over and places her hand on his desktop. “Let’s pair together.” The tone of her voice sounds flirtatious. She juts her hip out to the side. I guess she hopes to appear alluring to Bunky.
His head jerks up suddenly. “What you want?” he says with a blank expression on his face. “Are you asking me if I desire to read with you?”
“Yes.” She grins at him. “Do you?”
He pauses and then gazes at the line of her physique. “No,” he finally says.
She takes a step back, seemingly startled by his answer.
“But I will.” His smile looks arrogant as he stretches his arms over his head.
She glances over at Sasham, a blonde-haired girl with short hair, and says, “Split.”
Sasham’s small hazel eyes widen as she releases a startling squeak before grabbing up her things and changing seats.
Outwardly, Belzera does not seem to mind that Bunky does not want to partner with her considering she forces Sasham away from her desk so she can pull it alongside Bunky’s desk.
With that, I glance around the classroom assuming I will not find anyone to pair with for a couple of reasons. Firstly, the other students are quite a bit younger than me. They range from ages fourteen to seventeen. And secondly, they are all Belzera’s supporters and she makes it clear that she despises me. Sasham and Dagunavu pair together because they are a couple. So that leaves Zopra.
When I glance at Zopra, she shakes her finger at me. “Not a chance.” She tosses her curly chestnut hair away from her freckled face. Sixteen-year-olds can act obnoxious when they want to.

A few days later, while I am eating my morning meal in the jam-packed dining hall, Belzera Lampeer nestles down beside me with a platter of breakfast items. She leans her long body into me as she likes to do to people. “Somebody told me that you and Shell came to the community with Bunky Ohare. I was a bit surprised. Is that the truth?”
I look at her and shrug my thin shoulders. “Maybe, why do you want to know?”
“I heard you were boyfriend and girlfriend.” Her eyes got fiery and seemed to burn through me.
I could not help but chuckle uncomfortably. “No, we weren’t like that,” I say. My cheeks burn and I hope she does not notice. “I am definitely not Bunky’s type. You are.”
At that comment, she laughs out loud. “Don’t be so sure of that.” The tone of her voice sounds haughty. “Look there.” She motions with her head.
I turn to see Bunky gazing at me from across the cafeteria with his penetrating gold eyes. When I meet his stare, to my surprise, he smiles softly at me. My stomach clenches. Then he gets out of his seat and walks out of the food court.
“This is your only warning. Don’t go near him,” she threatens. “He only desires to take advantage of you. He is having his way with a few of the gals in the colony and he expressed to them that you were his go to girl back on Sunset Boulevard. Were you a prostitute?”
“No!” Everything she said shocks me. “I am a virgin.” Why did I say that? I feel so sick to my stomach as I grip the table trying to steady my body.
“Okay, I just thought I should let you know what I heard. I wouldn’t want you to get hurt if you are really a virgin like you said.” She fluffs up her hair with her hands. “I want to protect you from him. He doesn’t like you for who you are only for your body.”

8
As much as I hate Belzera, I cannot brush off what she said. It is probably true. Bunky Ohare is not the heroic man I thought he was after he saved me and then saved my mama. I do not know why he helped us out so much. He seemed like such a special guy, but he has acted strange toward me for a long time. Now I know why. Why would he say such horrible things about me? I am guessing it must have given him high value with the girls.
I lay my head in my hands and my white hair falls to the sides of my burning cheeks. After what Belzera said about Bunky, I am not able to eat my breakfast. I feel flabbergasted that he would fabricate such lies about me.
Raking my hair out of my face, I stand up stretching my skinny legs. Without breakfast, I have some time before I have to get to my job, so I decide to take a walk in the forest hoping to soften the inner turmoil I face.
The morning air is hot. My throat feels parched. Thick, dry heat surrounds my body, so I walk in pursuit of the pond where I desire to take a sumptuous, reinvigorating swim. As I trek along, an entrancing voice coming from a distance and singing the exact song that I hear in my mind, startles me. My senses whirl up within my body.
I notice the rate of my breathing increase. I am panting. What is happening to me? Then a strange thing occurs. My mind feels light-headed. My legs begin to feel rubbery as feelings of dizziness overtake me. The next thing I recall, I stumble right over the vocalist. My eyes nearly pop out of my head. It is Bunky. He laughs and catches me as I fall. My body heats like hot coal. I am burning up inside, yet Bunky is still chuckling.
Once his laughter wanes, he releases me from his strong arms. “Come,” he says to me. “Sit next to me, you know, on this boulder by the stream.”
“Definitely not,” I say with my hands on my hips, my eyebrows furrow. “I won’t.” I toss my long white hair out of my eyes with my hand.
In my frustration, he chuckles sardonically at my denial of him. “Uh, please?” he asks, staring up at me through his dark eyelashes.
My thoughts dance around in my head in a way that scares me. I push my glasses further up on my nose. “You never talk to me. You act like you do not even know me. And now you act like we are friends.” My body is so hot, I fear I might collapse.
“Yo, Vanille.” His lips turn up part way in that frightening crooked grin that ignites unexpected fireworks through my body. “I’m tired of avoiding you,” he says cruelly.
My hands fly up to my face and I press my knuckles into my forehead. “Why do you avoid me?”
It feels like the most disturbing moment—he looks at me with tender eyes, like he feels some sort of actual affection for me. He cannot feel that way. It is not possible, and I guess it is my thoughts playing tricks on me. A man like Bunky would never genuinely like a waify albino haired woman like me with a brown drab face. All my parts do not match up together. I am awkward and inexperienced.
“Miss Cossette?” His expression looks amused as he points at my face. “You have something on your nose.”
My eyes widen, now feeling even more disturbed in my humiliation. I wipe the tip of my nose with my finger. “Did I get it?” I huff in an indignant tone.
“Well…” He seems to examine me for a moment. “Uh, yeah.” He smirks. “You got it.”
I look at him awkwardly as he sits on the boulder, my hands falling to my sides. I wonder if I should leave, but I find myself unable to walk away from this mind-boggling man who consumes my thoughts even when I abhor him.
I remember how he saved me from the warlock on Sunset Boulevard. Then I recall the man with gold eyes who watched me through the bushes in the woods after my swim. “What do want from me?” How can I ever trust him?
“Uh, you see, I ain’t know what I want from you.” His gaze seems more intense now. “That’s a problem.” 
I feel like his gold eyes are boring into me. Even though I know I should not, I yearn to caress his gorgeous face. The idea of this infuriates me even more.
“Vanille, I ain’t gonna stay away from you anymore. I ain’t.”
Shifting my weight, I retort in an unsatisfied tone, “Then why do you?”
He squeezes his eyelids closed. “You oughta stay away from me though.”
“You don’t make sense to me.” I shake my head. “Why did you take me to this colony if you desire to evade me? Am I so revolting to you that you can’t bear me as a friend?”
“Friend?” He scoffs. “Vanille, You ain’t my friend.”
I respond sarcastically, “I appreciate that.” In my frustration, I turn to the tree beside me and lean against it. My emotions feel like a horrible jumble. I want to cry, but I am way too proud to do that in front of him. Did he really sleep with all those girls and then tell them that I am a prostitute? I feel too embarrassed to inquire of these accusations.
He puts his big stupid head in his hands. “I ain’t a good friend for you,” he mumbles as if he is attempting to convince the both of us.
It takes all my strength to gather my senses, but once I can muster them up, I walk away.
“Don’t go.” He climbs off the boulder and chases after me. He heavy-footed, but fast. When he catches up to me, he places his hand on my shoulder.
Tingling sensations shoot up though my body. I turn to him and glance up at his perfect face that does not look too large at that moment. Our bodies are close enough that I can feel his body heat.
He whispers to me, “I shouldn’t have brought you here.” His musical voice seems sincere.
“I don’t understand you. I am confused. Nothing you do or say makes any sense to me.”
“I, uh, you see, I ain’t expect to feel the way I feel. You know?” He clutches his head in his hands and turns away brooding. “Run away from this place, Vanille.” He faces me now, fright in his eyes. “Run as fast as you can.” He turns and runs like a huge black lion through the forest toward the boundary line.
“No, Bunky,” I shout. “Don’t go.” I chase after him, begging him, but I am too late. He already crossed the boundary.

9
I wait at the edge of the forest as Bunky climbs over the side of the cliff and down the mountain. My heart hammers so hard and rapid against my chest that I wonder if it is going to burst.
I want to scream out to him to stop, but if I make loud noises, I might put him in more danger. One of the leaders or members of the colony may hear me and realize that Bunky traversed the boundary line. Yet I feel I must stop him. If he is caught, the President Hopskin will imprison Bunky for life. Or even worse the witches or warlocks from the Unith Coven might spot him with their military air scouts that survey the lake below. They will surely murder him or enslave him in the very least.
The rapid rate of my heart is causing me pain in my chest. I will not let anyone hurt him. There has to be a way to save him. Even if Belzera spoke the truth and Bunky really did blacken my name, after he saved me as he did, I cannot allow him to terminate his life. With that in mind, I pace back and forth for a couple of minutes trying to figure out what to do.
The song in my mind grows louder and louder. It is calling me. The force feels greater than ever before. Maybe it is because I am so close to the lake.
Not only did Bunky save my life, but he also saved my mama’s life. He took care of us. He helped me burry my brother. I am indebted to him; I must help him.
No—I cannot! What am I thinking? Bunky betrayed me. He said awful lies about me to the girls of the colony. It would be irrational to put myself in grave danger for a deceitful man despite my undeniable yearnings for him.
I conjure up all my self-control as weak as it feels and cast my eyes away from the cliff. In dismay, I takeoff running back toward the colony. Bunky is to blame, I reason. I must let him go.
But then the music turns soulful and endearing in my mind. It entrances my essence, warms my heart. The song in my head seduces me entirely out of my wits.
I MUST BE WITH BUNKY.
I MUST GO TO THE LAKE.
Wholly out of control now, I turn around in pursuit of the lake, in search of Bunky.
Now I run through the forest back toward the lake, panting in the hot summer wind that rushes across my face. And then something switches within me that staggers me. Now that I surrender to the song’s callings, the thought of this adventure thrills me to my very core! I am electrified!
The music massages my mind. It grows louder, even more lovely and varied. Excitement crashes through my body, I walk across the boundary past the shelter of the trees and ease my pace at the edge of the cliff. Nobody sees me—at least, that is my hope.
At the sublime sight before my eyes, the words just flow out of my mouth like a waterfall, “Oh, Almighty.” I gasp. “How magnificent is Your lake.” The water glistens in radiant sparkle from afar. I long to dive off the cliff straight into the water, but it seems like too far of a drop. Only a lunatic would do such a thing.
Never have I observed such a revelation so glorious indeed. I start to edge my way down the steep mountain, the song caressing my mind, lifting me to the transcendent realm of the sheer ecstasy that awaits me.
Yet I cannot find Bunky. He seems to be nowhere in sight. Possibly he is already in the lake swimming beneath the waters. Or perhaps he hides behind a boulder or maybe behind a gathering of pines.
The deer grazing in the lush green field below and beside the lake lift their heads at my descent and run away. My intensity of emotions perhaps frightened them.
I cease all movement, as I crouch just under the upper edge of the cliff.  My foot catches on a jagged rock along the side of the mountain. At that, I stare again down below.
What a shock! I observe a delicate woman with the longest wet hair draped over her naked body stepping out of the lake. She is so very tiny. Who is she? Certainly, she is not anyone from our village hidden in the woods. My body trembles, but I cannot help but stare.
She looks so elegant and graceful with the air of sensual charms that nobody I know possesses. Her frame exudes the most alluring perfume that wafts up the mountainside. I feel I am lost in a daze, the song playing in my mind, the scents of otherworldliness enveloping me like a sheer cloud of pleasure.
The female reaches to the branch of a silver tree in dreamlike blossom, which hardly seems possible in the blaze of summer. How can a tree bloom in this heat? From one of its branches, she picks one of its peculiar diaphanous flowers and steps into it. On her body now, I comprehend it is not a blossom, but a gown of the sheerest silk gauze. In walking she appears to float, her light steps invisible beneath the airy fabric.
All at once, the woman takes flight—majestic, glorious, jeweled wings shoot from her back and she flutters like a fairy with a shine of sparkles trailing after her above the silver lake.
I rub my eyes and hold my hand over my wide-open mouth. Her regality is awe inspiring. I find myself shaking my head in disbelief. Impossible! Yet, I saw with my own eyes. Are fairies real?
At the same instance that I experience such intrigue with this being, I feel upset. It is beyond me to dive into the waters that call for me after witnessing such a euphoric sight. This mystical creature may perceive my presence in the lake. She may be a machination of the Unith Coven. Possibly a lure for intruders. Is it safe down there?
And what happened to Bunky? I do not see him. Was he captured by the witches and warlocks or by the colony leaders? My insides feel like they are twisting.
With this ethereal symphony playing in my mind, my emotions shoot up, whirl, and then dive. In this dance of feelings, I simply need to find tranquility. I feel pressure on my foot and look down. Oh! It is still caught in the side of the mountain. I was so lost in the experiences that I forgot my physical predicament at hand. Still beyond my senses, I start to drift off in thought.
“Oh, no!” I yelp, agony shoots through my head.
Without warning, I am ripped from the mountain.
Like a strike of lightning, I experience extreme pain at the top of my scalp as somebody callously yanks me back toward the edge of the cliff by my white locks of hair. No! Somebody discovered me past the boundary! I clench down on my lower lip to stop myself from screaming. Blood streams from my mouth. Apparently, my bite was too tough.

10
The agony is piercing. I feel like my scalp is being ripped right off my head. My legs dangle in the air, whacking against the gravelly mountainside which also hurts, but not as much as the fine hairs being ripped from my head.
My neck might break. What kind of mortal would yank a woman up from the side of a mountain by her tresses? Whoever grasps onto my hair, I decide, is wicked.
With that recognition, I am thrown to the pebbled mesa atop the cliff. When I glimpse the face of my assailant, I realize she is malicious. It is Belzera Lampeer.
The wretched amazon kicks me solid in the gut with her long, muscular legs. I crouch into a ball. My scalp aches. My stomach throbs. My legs sting. Dust from the pebbled ground below me wafts into my eyes. Fury boils within me. I desire to annihilate her.
“Free game for boundary crossers,” she mumbles and proceeds to kick me in repetition, this time over and over again on the back.
I cringe and then groan in anguish.
Her breathing is rapid as she hunches over with her hands on her thighs. Looking down at me, she continues her stream of fire, “Nuts!” The girl kicks pebbles and dirt at my aching body. “From their air scouts, witches and warlocks will detect you beyond the boundary. Trees can’t hide your soul from their line of vision.”
I glance up at her, covered in dirt, trying my hardest to stop the tears from flooding out of my eyes.
Her expression on her face conveys excitement, sparks of fire in each grey iris. The scar across her forehead looks pink instead of white.
I must look helpless on the ground, but I am feigning. The anger inside of me is raging. All at once, I scramble to my feet and swiftly side swipe her legs with my foot. She tumbles to the pebbled earth. With this little triumph, I takeoff running across the boundary line and into the woods.
The amazon girl pursues me in long strides and throws my body to the rocky terrain in the plants. Her physique is entirely lithe and solid, but I flail my fists at her hoping to escape anyway. To my dismay, she pins me down with her knees over my arms. Just the weight alone of her sizeable frame on my skinny body is severe. I fear the force of her mass could crush my fragile bones.
Feeling powerless, I spit on her face. In retaliation, she socks me hard and fast on the side of my head. A sharp pain shoots through my brains and I attempt to struggle out of her grasp. She seems too powerful for me and this enrages me further. Maybe she notices my rage because like a wild hyena going for its prey she laughs and then tears open my shirt. I attempt to kick her in the belly, but she pins me down so tightly, giving me hardly any room to move.
With a pensive look in her eyes, she reaches into her pocket and pulls out a dagger. My eyes widen in horror. Is she going to kill me? I cannot even move to attempt at escape. She rapidly carves a word into my upper chest as she sounds out the letters. I am screaming, but I cannot get away. Shock overtakes me. “Whore,” she chortles. “That’s what you are.”
So much blood gushes from the flesh carvings. Am I going to die? The pain feels harrowing, but the fear is worse. I am barely able to believe what has occurred. My waif thin body feels too feeble to escape.
I hear what sounds like a whale blowing air and water through its hole. For a second I think I am wading in the ocean off our island once again, but I am pulled back into reality and realize the sound of the whale is Belzera clearing her throat, coughing up phlegm. To my shock, once she gathers enough nasal mucus in her mouth, she spits it into my gaping mouth. I puke in my throat. The bile from my gut escapes from the crooks of my lips and fuses with the grime and dry blood on my face from prior.
“I won’t report you, Vanille Cossette,” she says. “But stay away from Bunky Ohare or I’ll kill you next time.” She looks at me with pursed lips and narrowed eyes. “I mean it.”
I know she means it. The moldy odor of her breath and the threat of her warning disgusts me further. I gag and vomit again.
She chortles. And then lifts herself off my body. Once on her feet, she kicks my neck. I choke and roll to the side. I struggle to sit up partway to get air through my windZipes.
“Wash yourself off.” Wiping her lips with the backside of her hand, she winks down at me. “I am not going to talk about it if you don’t.” With that demented reassurance, she struts off and through the woods toward the colony.
Spitting blood and bile from my mouth, I rush, stumbling as I jog, toward the waterbed beneath the shade of the eucalyptus. Blood oozes down my body from the carvings on my upper chest. The cuts do not seem so deep. I suspect they will heal without stitches or medicines. My belly, my sides, my head, and my legs ache from Belzera’s attack on me. I want to kill her. My cheeks burn with humiliation.
Belzera is probably the whore. I must take revenge. She mutilated my body. Somehow, someway, I will make her pay for hurting me. But even with the violence she inflicted upon my body, I feel some relief that she found me rather than the community leaders. I doubt if she will report me because if she does, I can show the leaders the carvings she made on my chest. She knows she will be punished for that.

Her jealousy seems murderous. Telling me that I cannot see Bunky makes me want to see him even more. My heart aches at the thought. Where is Bunky? I did not spot him at the lake as I tried to make my way down the mountainside. Where did he go? I am out of time. I cannot look for him now. Soon I will have to show up at my job. If I do not arrive on time, I expect the guards will search for me. Also, I am afraid to seek Bunky out because Belzera threatened to kill me if I go near him. My heart pounds like a jackhammer in my chest.
I rapidly take off my clothing and ease into the pond so that I can bathe. Despite the aches and stings I feel in my body and heart, I cherish moments as such when I am alone in the peacefulness of the aquatic. Meditating on my back, I stare up at the leafy branches overhead. I enjoy watching the tiny flecks of sunlight that break through and dance upon my body and the surface of the water.
In so many ways water feels like my life force. My long white hair spreads out upon the surface of the waterbed. It is nineteen years of white waves as Mum will not allow me to cut it. My twentieth birthday is in a half year from now. My mama says that on that day puberty might begin. Her words confuse me. She speaks of strange things sometimes, burdened with secrets.
I wonder if my brother is in heaven. I miss him. Mum does not acknowledge his death. I wonder if we will ever be able to talk about Zip together. It might help me to feel better to morn him with her rather than alone. But I do not desire to think about that right now while Bunky is missing.
As I float on my back, attempting to ground myself in reality prior to leaving for work, I ponder the fairy I observed below the cliff. Life seems nonsensical. Did Bunky see the fairy too, that is, before he disappeared? I also wonder about my mama. I remember that she mentioned that she swam in the lake when she was younger. Did Mum ever see the fairy? Maybe she did and possibly that is why she originally forbid me to go to the lake. Why would she not allow me to swim in the lake even if there was a fairy there? Are fairies dangerous?
My pondering seems surreal. With all my recent experiences, I feel almost as if I am trapped in a science fiction dome cinema show. The feeling I am having is like when I first heard that the witches and warlocks took rulership of our country. It was hardly fathomable.
My mind fills with fear as worry resurfaces. My thoughts sour like the rotten coconut milk I sometimes tasted on the island. The stinging in my chest reminds me of the time I brushed against a stingray in the sea. The burning sensations were almost unbearable. What if the witch’s and the warlock’s air scouts spotted Bunky at the lake or what if he was captured by somebody from our colony? My eyes well up and I feel a lump grow in my throat at the thoughts.
I assiduously make my way out of the pond. Glancing down, I see that my upper chest looks clean. The bleeding ceased. I observe the word “whore” carved in my chest in pinkish lines. My breathing quickens. The damage will leave scars. I realize that once I get dressed, my scoop-neck shirt will not conceal the chest wounds.
Though I stand beside the pond naked, the private parts of my body are covered by my long, wet hair. Hastily, I rub the bloody stains on my clothing in the pond and set them to dry on a branch under a thick stream of sunlight. Because the day is hot, the clothes should dry enough in no time.
Stepping over to a break in the trees, I investigate the position of the sun and begin to feel my anxiety rise. More time may have passed than I estimated. My job may have already begun. Maybe I meditated in the water too long. It was essential that I cleaned off the blood stains otherwise the guards might ask questions, but I should have rushed myself.
I hear something! An abrupt surprise surpasses me, I feel a warm hand grasp my body at my naked waist. I swing my body around and see Marabo, President Hopskin’s guard!

11
A massive man, Marabo is forceful with me. I suppose he is the guard on duty for my job today. He does not allow me to dress in my clothing. “Get a move on,” he growls. His bald head shines from sweat.
My face heats. I feel like I might faint. In my utter humiliation, he pulls me through the forest roughly. In shock, I say nothing. When I look at his huge body, I see that his bald head now drips with perspiration in the heat and I notice that his hand feels slimy on my arm.
When we arrive to the colony, some people working outside on building construction, see me in my nakedness and either gasp or turn away. I do not think I have ever been more embarrassed in my entire life. Once we are at the head quarter cabin, he opens the door and says, “Get in there,” His voice sounds gruff and hostile.
Marabo pushes me inside the cabin. We are the only people in the main office room. He opens a crate like box that is about the size of a doghouse and forces me inside.
“Please, no!” I beg. “Please let me out.” The door slams. Once I am inside, my mind whirls with the recognition of my doom. The space is small and pitch-black inside. The walls are sealed shut with no openings.
“Let me out!” He does not respond to my pleas. Instead, I hear the padlock thump against the holding space as he locks me inside.
Obscurity surrounds me. I barely have space to change my crouched stance. The summer heat feels concentrated outdoors, but inside the holding space, the heat feels unbearable. I fear I may suffocate. With my fingers, I feel around the walls. No way out.
Banging on the wood, I try to punch through, but I cannot break the lumber. My hands feel wet. They must be cut and bloody. I am having trouble breathing. The air is too thick. The oxygen is limited. It feels like I am inhaling my own carbon dioxide.
But just around the time that I think that I am going to die, the guard slides a little vent at the roof of the holding container. A thin stream of air enters in computer generated vibration. To my disappointment, neither the darkness nor the heat changes, but the tender whirr of the generator and the airflow present optimism of survival in the least.
Solitary confinement inside this crate must be the first increment of punishments for being late to work. If I live through the remainder of the day in this holding container, the evening community whippings for missing work will be easy to bare in comparison. In this crouched position the carvings on my upper chest burn like hot tar from a volcano.

Several hours seem to pass. My throat feels parched. From the heat I expect that I am suffering from dehydration. My head is dizzy. A weird chill overtakes my frame even though the temperature is excessively hot inside the holding space.
In the sheer black, I find solace in my mind from the soft gleam of the symphony in my head. The music is like a velvety echo in the distance. I have a sense that somebody is soothing my wits. The resonances elevate me to an esoteric kingdom past the distresses of the physical. I feel as if I am losing touch with reality.
I am being pulled down in the undercurrent of the ocean as I notice distant sounds of humans assembling in the clearing in eagerness of my community whippings. My eyes well up as I think of Mum. My heart aches, knowing she must be worried sick over me.
Footsteps. I hear the sounds of somebody approaching the holding container. Several knocks boom on the side of the wooden box. I feel the vibrations as I lean against it in my hallucination.
“It’s your high school prom, Sugar Pie,” Marabo says gruffly. “Your date is ready to dance at the gathering.” 
The guard unlocks the crate and pulls me out by my naked arm as he tangles his fingers in my long white tresses. “Get up!” he commands in his low, throaty voice.
I cringe at his coarseness, but obediently wobble to an awkward posture. He pulls me out of the cabin and into the circular clearing of the forest in the location between the residential cabins where colony meetings are conducted, and community punishments are enabled.
With the whole colony standing before the guard and me, Marabo drags me onto the platform. In the sea of faces, I increasingly start to distinguish community members I recognize. I notice Sasham, Dagunavu, and Zopra from the schoolhouse and a few people from my job. The baker and her husband with their little kids whisper amongst themselves. I see Belzera Lampeer staring at me with a scowl on her face and her arms crossed over her chest.
Then I spot Mum in the crowd and I feel the blood draw out of my face. I wish I could run over to her and soothe her, but Marabo clasps my wrists forcefully together.
In my wooziness, I nearly disregard that I am completely unclothed except for my white tresses that robe the private areas of my body. But, when the realization that I am naked strikes me, my face heats from embarrassment. After being locked in the box, I reason that this is not that terrible. At least I was not caught crossing the boundary line. The penalty for ditching my work is only whippings. The whippings will hurt and leave scars, but I can get over that.
President Zetler Hopskin walks up the steps and onto the platform where he positions himself beside the guard that detains me in his grip. He starts with his usual phony speech, “Friends, colony members, and mountain folk, it is my great joy to congratulate you on your loyalty to community standards and laws.” He salutes and holds his hand out in the air. The crowd salutes back. He lowers his hand and continues, “This evening we are assembled to witness the sentencing of one, Vanille Cossette, who was captured crossing the boundary line…”
The colony members gasp. My mama wails and throws her hands over her face. I almost collapse upon hearing his allegation. Who reported me? Did someone else besides Belzera Lampeer see me cross the boundary? Did she report me?
The president continues, “Crossing the boundary line is the most severe crime. It is a lawbreaking of the strictest admonishment.” He surveys the crowd of colony members. Some stare with wide eyes, some whimper, some nod in approval, while others stare impassively. “Vanille Cossette is condemned to life incarceration in our newly renovated dungeon. There will be no further tolerance for this lawbreaking. Ms. Cossette endangered the security of us all.  Let Vanille Cossette be the example of what happens to the serious criminal.”
In my alarming fog of disbelief, Marabo yanks me by the arm down the platform steps. I see my mama running toward us. My heart clenches when Mum attempts to shove Marabo away from me. The disgraceful man pitches Mum to the ground.
“My girl, my girl,” she cries out, waving her arms. “Give me my child.” She wails and begs, “Leave her with me. Vanille won’t do it again. Please.” Then she clutches onto Marabo’s leg.
The guard kicks her off himself. With rage burning within me, I long to decimate him, but he grasps me forcefully by the wrists. My mama’s fine-featured face is as ashen as the ocean during a storm. “I lost my boy!” she whimpers. “My Zip!” Her voice lifts to a scream. “Do not take my daughter too!”
It feels as if my heart is split in two. “Zip! Mum!” I wail out. “No.” I fall to the ground and Marabo drags my body over the pebbles and rocks.
To my confusion, as I look over, my skin tearing, the colony members appear to stand motionless watching impassively as the guard drags me across the ground. Their expressions seem empty and hollow. Some people might tremble in perhaps bewilderment. Are they hiding their emotions out of fear of punishment? Do they have emotions? Do they care?
I struggle to free my wrist from his grasp and pull myself to my feet. It is better to die fighting. I have nothing to lose. My wrists are locked too tightly in his clutches. I have no chance against him. The monster smacks me in my face and pushes my back.
With no other choice, I submit, grasping the reality of the situation. I cannot escape. Tears stream down my face. The monster pulls me through the eucalyptus, oaks, and pines, over barbs and thistles, past a stream, and finally to a mediaeval stone structure on an edge of the woods that I have never seen.
I feel stunned and can barely fathom my reality, but I am aware of the spooky building he pulls me toward. The structure looks slender and high with stone pillars at the entrance.
Once inside the obscure walls, Marabo shoves a mug of water at me to drink and then tosses a tan robe at me to dress in. In silence, the guard pulls me down a lengthy, obscure stone stairway to the dungeon zone.
My breath quickens as my pulse accelerates. I feel as if I can scarcely breathe—I am so alarmed. At the end of a brief hallway, he unlocks a weighty door and shoves me inside a small stone chamber.
“Imbecile woman,” the guard says in his crotchety tone. “Not very smart, are you? A beautiful dame like you chucking your life away.”
“Save me,” I choke on my words. “I will find a way to pay you.”
“Idiotic broad.” He socks me hard and quick in the belly. I keel over, grabbing my gut, just scarcely keeping my balance. “You have no gold.”
“I can get it for you,” I say, breathing heavy, my eyes wide.
Without responding to my plea, he retrieves a long whip that leans against one of the obscure walls. And in an unexpected sudden wrath, he throws me to the floor onto my stomach. Before I can stand up, he starts whipping my back.
I feel stunned at the concentration of pain I experience. The sting is excruciating. The whip cuts through my skin and causes me to fear for my life. I chomp down and clench my teeth, holding back screams for fear of further punishment. My fate feels unfathomable to me.
Then as swiftly as he whipped my body, he locks me in the hazy, cold chamber and I am alone. My eyes well over. How can this be my turn of fate?
Hardly able to align my thoughts and decisions, I roll onto my side in agony and open my eyes. The chamber is a small hazy grey and mostly bare room apart from a sink, a bathtub, and a toilet. It appears as if the floor and walls are constructed of stone. The ceiling is very high. As I try to focus, I notice a small window at the very top out of reach.
Still on my side, my mind reels with stormy feelings and judgments as I comprehend the sentence. I am expected to spend the rest of my life in this gloomy chamber. The realization seems unfathomable to me, yet true.
*
It seems that I must have dozed off because when I open my eyes it seems the darkness of night has descended upon the chamber. As I lie on the stone floor, I feel the vibrations of footsteps progressing toward my cell. My body tenses. Then I hear a latch lift and a key turn toward the bottom of the door. Weakly, I rub my eyes with my hand to see a stream of light shine through the bottom edge of the door. I have heard of the light of darkness. Is this it? My vision comes into focus and I see a small slider lift. I hear the sound of maybe metal or something of the sort scraping against the stone.
It seems to be a tray that has been pushed through the slider. I smell a stench that causes me to flinch. The slider quickly closes and the latch shuts. The light fades away into blackness. This is not the light of darkness.
I squirm over to the tray and perceive that there is food on it. From the smell of it, I figure it is rotten. At first, I consider not eating the sustenance, but under the circumstances, I succumb as I will need nourishment if I am going to escape. I feel queasy consuming that which I cannot see. The food tastes like a moldy bun and mashed squash. I try to curl my tongue as I eat to keep the flavors and textures away from my tastebuds. I cringe as I bite into something crunchy and bitter. Ugh! I must be eating an insect, probably a cockroach. I spit out the despicable thing, gagging and coughing.
I drag my body, reaching and pulling with my arms, over the cold stone floor in the black chamber. My cuts sting. Extending my hands, I feel my way to the sink. From the touch of it, the sink feels primitive compared to the computerized sinks I was habituated to in Los Angeles before we were forced to flee to the island. I need to turn the handle manually which I am familiar with because we have a sink similar to this in the kitchen of our cabin in the forest.
From the whippings, my back burns and aches like a nightmare, yet I manage to tilt my head to the side and allow the flow of water to rush into my mouth to rinse it out. I splash water on my face and on my carved chest, attempting to clean the stinging wounds.
Extending one hand, I feel around inside of a cupboard under the basin. I discover a little cloth, so I pat my body dry. On the bottom shelf, I feel a blanket crumpled inside. Dragging it out, I awkwardly spread the material on the stone and roll my body upon it where I position myself on my side. To my reprieve, my cognitions seem obscure as fatigue overtakes me. I waft into my dreams, a place I desire to remain.
My exhaustion from my wounds and from the stresses of the sentencing cause me to sleep through the next few days only waking to use the toilet and to force down nourishment. But, on the third night in my dreamy miasma, I am alarmed out of my sleep by the sound of an earsplitting scream.

12
I think the scream seems like a female’s voice. Yet, as the high pitch fades, other sounds come. I hear a lion roar! How is that? The sounds of pacing like the steps of a large animal cause the fine, nearly invisible hairs on my arms to lift. My eyes widen. The strides transform to the pitter patter steps of a horse. And then a brash “Nay” resonates… and snorting that I am sure is most unquestionably a horse. Is it possible that a lady, a lion, and a horse are in the chamber alongside mine?
My interests are peaked. The remainder of the night I sit up leaning against the stone wall between my room and the other chamber while listening to the bizarre sounds. It is almost like a pandemonium with the faint music in the recesses of my mind still luring me to the lake like background melodies to a circus of sounds behind the wall.
The female starts to speak ceaselessly in an unfamiliar language. Nothing she babbles about makes any sense to me, but the pictures she seems to conjure in my head light my mind and detour my thoughts away from the cutting, scorching agony that almost overpowers my frame.
As the orange fireball in the sky starts to rise and the cell begins to transform from black to gray, I shut my eyes and fall asleep with my cheek against the stone wall. My visions seem surreal, utterly vivid and entirely about Bunky Ohare. The young man is stunning with wild black hair and completely encircled in light. He caresses my cheek, and my mind fills with love and peace.
As I awake, the sweetest little song plays in my head. I gaze through the small window way, way, way up overhead and see the magnificent fireball shining through. The light diminishing my darkness! I presume it must be about noon time. My back itches like mad, but I hope the irritating sensations are a positive sign. Very possibly my lacerations are healing.
The latch lifts, the key turns, the slider rises, and a hand extends through grabbing my dirty tray from the night prior and exchanges it with another tray of sustenance.
At least in the rays of sunlight I can observe the food I am consuming. In reaction, my upper lip rises, and I wrinkle the bridge of my nose as I see a head of muddy forest garlic, a moldy, dirty, dried bun, a mug of rancid cranberry wine, and a raw, unscaled goldfish that wiggles occasionally. Much more appetizing than usual. I cannot find any bugs on the tray, so I opt to consume the lunch without curling my tongue as tightly as usual. The nourishment is cold, musty, and stale tasting, but edible, which is a relief.
I shove the tray next to the small sliding door for the hand that will later take it away. Usually, I put the mug back on the tray as well, but today I elect to retain it for water for when I get thirsty later. I set it in the basin.
While I am over there, I elect to explore the cupboard below the basin. I see only a toothbrush and a hairbrush. I feel relief with my findings because without the hairbrush my long hair would turn to tangled chaos. And my teeth will last longer with regular use of the toothbrush.
I begin to ponder, how in my right mind, if I cannot find a way to escape this dungeon, will I distract myself for the remainder of my lifespan with so few materials. Then I consider my mama and the devastation she must be enduring over my imprisonment. I replay in my head, the imagery of her grabbing onto the guard’s leg as she begged for my freedom. Losing me and Zip will be too much for her to bear. My body aches as my heart feels like it fills with an overflow of hot blood. I curl up into a ball on the stone floor with the blanket over my head and attempt to block out my thoughts.
During the night while it is black in my chamber, the latch lifts, the key turns, the slider rises, and the hand retrieves the dirty tray. A minute later the chamber door unlocks and then opens. An unusually tall, thick boned, lady with frizzy gray tresses tied up in a bun, holding a lantern, walks into my room calmly. She stands up straight revealing her massive size, though she is trim, through her feminine pink jumpsuit which looks like an odd uniform. Her chin rises slowly like a ballerina as she folds her arms gracefully over her chest and stares at me in an overly serene manner. My eyes widen when I see that her grey eyes remind me of a snake. “My name is Octavina.” Her voice is soft and contradicts the look in her snake eyes. “I am the head guard of the Presco Mountain Dungeon.” She surveys the chamber with a cold expression on her round, chubby cheeked face that if it were not for what lies beneath, might seem pretty and almost like childish pudge.
“How do you like the chamber, Dear?” she implores in the same almost monotone gentle tone.
I hold very still looking up at her from the floor. I open my mouth but cannot speak.
“Stealing a mug is a violation of colony rules.” Her arms uncross and wade midair at her sides for a moment before falling elegantly down. Her head tilts slightly to the side while staring at me. Still in position, she pivots and puts her lantern down before gracing toward me. A lump grows in my throat as I gather myself upright from my reclining position on the ground.
The woman takes an extensive baton from her cummerbund and skims a switch. A startling torrent of electricity streams forth. I attempt to run away, stunned at what is most likely about to occur, but the lady directs the baton at my belly. My mind ignites with shock. Horrifying volts of energy shoot into my frame.
Nothing compares to this pain. This torture feels so much worse than anything I have experienced thus far. Surely, this will kill me. Falling to the floor, I shriek wildly. “No! No! No!” I gag on my pleas.
My body flops about. My appendages slap against the stone surface. Such agony! Bile shoots out of my lips. I choke on my tongue.
“Bad thief. Follow the colony rules. We are a civilized community that tolerates only order,” the wretched lady reprimands in her steady, soft voice as she afflicts my body with electricity.
Why have I not died yet? How long does it take? Yet, after some moments, teetering on the edge, I am still alive, and the woman ceases. Sliding the baton back in her cummerbund, she grabs the mug from the basin, and leaves my chamber. I perceive brash shouting and battering noises coming from the other side of the stone wall, but I faint on the stone ground before I can discern what is occurring.
When I arise the following morning, the mutilations on my upper chest hurt more than usual. I look down at the carvings and see that they are infected and exuding puss. My forehead is hot and clammy. My body is drenched in perspiration. I try to steady myself from uncontrollable chills and trembling. I do not have the strength to get up off the floor. My limbs feel rubbery and unable to hold myself up.

13
For over a month, I feel overtaken with fever. My thoughts are consumed with vindictive fury toward Belzera. I am obsessed inflicting retaliation against her. Certainly, she reported me to the colony leaders or even to the president himself. I assume the infection will kill me, but if not, I will have my vengeance. I will destroy her life, at all costs.
Because I anticipate the days may start to blend, I chose to take precautions. I count each day despite my sickness. I note in my mind the precise Gregorian dates and make assiduous memorization of them. Although I wade in an ocean of ill visions, numeration provides me a hint of stability, grounding me in a sort of rational authenticity.
September 4th. The song envelops me like a sensual whirlpool summoning me to its core, drawing me downwards. At the peak of my disease, I cry out to Bunky Ohare, “Rescue me, Bunky. Rescue me.” I whimper, froth at the mouth, and chortle like a woman possessed. And in that vortex, I beg, “Wrench me out of this inferno of vile spirits. My Bunky, my everlasting love.” I fever on and on in this manner for days, clawing at the stone wall.
September 11th. I lob and heave upon the blanket on the unsympathetic, stone floor, bruising my aching body. “Oh, haunted lake, oh, lake of my yearning—I will enter thee, but woe am I, a woman possessed.” My body quakes with craving. A rat crawls up my leg.
September 16th. “Protect me Bunky Ohare. Pull me down into the waters. Bathe with me, a woman possessed.” I glare up at the skylight ever so high and groan in hopelessness. Obscure clouds drift over the sun. A light of darkness. Rain dispenses forth, rattling against the windowpane ever so high, out of reach. If only I could soar to another realm. The rainbow… “I abhor you, Belzera.”
Yet again as I expect death will transport me to the next world, then, on September 18th, I awake feeling obviously changed. A childish smile lifts upon my face. I feel my cheeks plump with relief. My impurity dissipated in my slumber and I am healed. The symphony in my mind resonates like the songs of angels on high. I stretch my arms and thank God for my healing. I make my way off the chilly floor. With the spray of morning sunshine glimmering faintly upon me in the obscurity of my chamber, I run the water in the bathtub, swirling it with my fingers as it fills. I undress, stepping out of my drab robe and ease into the liquid.
As cold as ice, the bath feels splendorous. I am comfortable in the chill of water. It reminds me of the ocean blue. Peculiarly, I have always been resistant to unforgiving water temperatures. I have no explanation for it.
I slide my legs, and then my torso into the bath. My arms float on the surface while my long white hair fans out like wings. Inhaling, I slide my head under, and I hold my breath for a considerable amount of time. Pleasures unbound, my mind waltzes in the rhythms of the tiny waves I create with the movements of my arms. The symphony feels more entrancing than before, even sharper beneath the surface.
After my lengthy bathe, I brush out my locks, unravelling the tangles of negligence accumulated during my sickness, and lay the long tresses over and around my skinny childlike body.
I rinse out my robe and my blanket in the water. After I squeeze out the liquid, I lay the items over the side of the bathtub to dry. I drain the tub and refill it because I enjoy having a sea of water, as small as it seems, in my chamber. With vigilant attention, I brush my teeth, one tooth at a time. And then, with not much else to accomplish, I devote the remainder of the morning to brushing and styling my long white hair into several tiny braids and twisted curls.
In due course, I grow tired of my tresses, so I start to sing, integrating the symphony in my mind with the assorted trills, cries, and rapid clicks of my voice. I shape tempting tunes of quest and trickery. Once in the zone, my journey feels exciting and amusing.
As I am composing my music, something shocking occurs. To my astonishment, another voice enters my mind joining in the song. The voice sounds soft and velvety with low throaty growls that feel sensual to my ears. The intruder is an entrancing wonder that touches my feelings in the utmost unforeseen, charming manner.
We sing mythic charms of beings of water, air, fire, and earth. On the low notes, we dive deep into the depths of the lake and into the soul of the earth. On the high notes, we ascend into blissful spheres and directly into the blue casts of fire unharmed.
In our poems, we accompany each other into submerged worlds, through ecstasies of profound kingdoms, into the purification of hot penitence, and past the complexities of rejuvenation and transformation. Our chorus fashions heavenly unison and though we are trapped in the chains of the physical, we feel free in the mind.
I find myself twirling around the room and beating little renditions on the stone walls with my hairbrush as we sing. After a while, I experience the vibrations returning to me in sound waves like worldly rhythms in the air.
Then I grasp that the singer joining me in song seems to be the being on the opposite side of the cell wall. My dungeon neighbor seems to also tap her hairbrush to our music and causes quite a physical uproar on her side of the stone wall. I feel elated to have a friend to intermingle with. We sing in sheer ecstasy for the remainder of the daylight.
But then, night arrives…
Now in the darkness of my chamber, I control a new deluge of emotions. I miss Mum. My thoughts fly into futile furies and overpowering hysterics of wailing. I consider myself a mostly quiet, reclusive woman, so these emotive outpourings feel new to me. Yet, seemingly beyond my control, the gates of emotion open and I do not know how to close them.
My wails seem to provoke a peculiar clamor on the opposite side of the stone wall. The lion seems to roar. From the sounds of it, the lady seems to pace quite loudly in her chamber. I hear what sounds like an eagle caw. Also, I seem to hear a goat whinny. As my crying heightens, to my surprise, the floor starts to tremble below my feet like an earthquake.
My forehead and palms sweat. I try to fan myself with my hand in futility. I feel so scared that I throw off my robe and scramble back into the bathtub, the only spot I find comfort. I submerge my head under the water until I pass out. I have no feasible explanation of why I did not drown under the water, but somehow when I awake—a sea of music resonating in my mind—I am flawlessly well.

After days of no engagement and basically doing nothing not even bathing or brushing my hair, I awake with the flaming ball of yellow fire shining directly through the high windowpane on the ceiling. Lunch slides through the door. Not desiring to eat, I curl my tongue and try to not taste the rotting squirrel meat, or the maggot ridden orange.
I prefer Thursday dinners the most—minced tortoise with cinder berries, and shredded dried lettuce. Some days the nourishment is so nauseating that I cannot consume it. Mice guts on sap tastes the worst. The cook leaves the mouse head on my tray which causes me to choke and sometimes throw up.
The remainder of the day I feel broken inside. My head aches. I am unmotivated to bathe, style my hair, or sing. After hours on the floor upon the blanket, my torment starts to rage. I desire to take revenge on the colony leaders. I obsessively try to figure out if Belzera reported me. She must have.
In my hatred, I formulate complex strategies on how I will murder Belzera Lampeer, President Hopskin, and the colony leaders. At minimum, I will execute vengeance upon Belzera. I loathe that malevolent woman and the shameful scar she carved on my upper chest.
I deduce that she must have blackmailed one of her friends, possibly Zopra, who also dislikes me, into posing as the second witness to my crime of crossing the boundary line. However, it played out, I see no way to escape my chamber and my strategies of payback seem futile.
As typical, I long to rejoin my mama. I worry about her relentlessly. I fear her anguish might overwhelm her. With my life sentence, I will never see her again and that acknowledgement pains my heart incorrigibly.
Whenever I think of my brother, Zip, my body fills with anxiety and have trouble breathing. If only I had rushed faster with bringing the antibiotics to him maybe Bunky and I might have arrived at the island before the kidnappers harmed him. I blame myself. If he had not died, my mama would not be alone.
My ill turn of fate renders me utterly helpless. If only I could figure out a way to get through the window up on the ceiling. I do not see any possible way up there to escape. The skylight is too high.
Tonight seems worse than usual. I loathe my relentless thoughts that race through my head in the black night. I despise listening to the latch lift, the key turn, the slider rise, and the atrocious sound of the tray pushing through the door. I yearn to cut off that masochistic lady’s hand when she sticks the awful nourishment through the slider. I would love to torture Octavina with her electric baton. Each night it takes all my willpower to stop myself from at least seizing her hand and trying to break it off. With her superior strength and size, she would likely easily slip away from my grasp and pull my hand through the slider and exact a worse vengeance.
Even given the chance, I would not find success. If I decide to try my fate and yank her hand through the small slider, I possess no weapons to sever her wrist aside from my fingernails and teeth. My guess is that she would yell and Marabo or another guard on duty would rescue her and then punish me. I regularly hear footsteps and distant voices near the stairs at mealtimes, so I recognize that the baton wielder has back up. And, anyway, she is a large, muscular lady who appears much tougher than me even if she has a false, soft voice. She is likely even stronger than most males.
So, that night as my rage escalates to near madness, I press my hand to the stone wall that divides my chamber from my dungeon mate’s chamber and to my surprise, my inner turmoil calms. I detect an odd, gentle rhythm in my head. Tenderness fills my essence. I ease my way to the stone floor with my hand still in position and I slip into a peaceful slumber.
Over the stretch of the next few months my days seem take a similar pattern. Most days I adhere to my typical humdrum of bathing, styling my tresses, and singing with my companion. On other days, I lose my grip and slip into fits of wailing that intensify into ground tremors that shock my senses. And on yet other days, I simply slumber, falling into hopeless despair.
But on this day, December 14th, I seem to have succumbed to my most despondent day yet. My body waves with nausea. I feel so sad that I cannot stand up. I sit on the floor and weep. Aside from longing for my mama and the overwhelming feelings of guilt over Zip, I also miss Bunky Ohare. Though I do not trust him, nor do I even know him all that well, I hunger for him. Being away from Bunky crushes my lifeforce. I feel like half a person. Maybe I am going insane from loneliness, but today I have lost my will to thrive.
The clenching of my heart coupled with the nausea feels overwhelming and dependently dramatic, but I simply lose all control. In a sense, I am relieved that nobody is around to witness my self-pity because I feel despicable.
After some time, my weeping escalates to screams and although I realize I should stop myself before a guard punishes me, I simply cannot. I become hysterical. I am unable to cease my feelings of loneliness. It seems the moods will never end. Oh, how I long for Bunky Ohare. I feel like I will forgive him for anything even if he told the girls on the colony that I was his paid mistress. I think that I should be strong and because I am not, that causes me to feel even more dejected. I long to die. I must be possessed. Demons have intruded my being. Strange music blares in my mind, maddening me.
As I scream, I perceive sounds on the opposite side of the wall. The stone floor begins quivering beneath my body. It defies the laws of nature. The shaking ground intensifies and seems to be worse than before.
The louder I wail, the more forceful the floor quakes. The stone beneath me begins rolling in waves and the waves grow larger and larger.
My eyes widen in shock, but I do not let up. I allow my crying to heighten into a high, earsplitting pitch. The sound is peculiar, but I find myself entranced in the power of the sound flowing through my esophagus propelling me onward.
The pitch escalates to exceptional heights. My arms rise in the air as the walls begin to tremor and, to my astonishment, a stone falls from the barrier separating my chamber from the other chamber.
A miracle! My body fills with sparks of joy, but then I recall the lion’s roar I heard some time ago. What if the wall crumbles and the wildcat breaks through the barrier and tears me to shreds?
All at once, I still my cries to an abrupt silence. My knees shake from fear, but the floor and the walls stop quaking. After some moments, I notice rustling above the staircase beyond my chamber and I hear an overlapping of voices presumably from the guards hollering back and forth to each other. Will they come to my cell and torture me in some terrifying way? Maybe they do not know that the earthquake came from me.
I feel my arm pits start to sweat. My knees are still shaking as I wonder what will be worse: being attacked by a lion or being tortured by a guard. I do not hear the lion on the other side of the wall. It has been quite a long time since I have heard the animals in the other chamber. Possibly, they are gone. Though I am not sure, I decide it is most likely that they are not there anymore.
Curiosity takes me as I make my way over to the wall where the stone fell. I take in a deep breath and peek inside. With a startle, I jump back. I can see through the hole directly into the other chamber!

14
I see that the stone that dislodged from the divider separating my chamber from the neighboring chamber seems quite big. With the fallout, a hole surfaced large enough to reach my arms through to the other side. I feel around hoping the lion, if it is still in the adjacent cell, does not reach its paw through the hole at the same time as I extend my arm through. I realize that with a little care I can dislodge three more large stones that have come lose presumably without crumpling the barrier.
As I drag the last unstable stone out of the wall, I notice what sounds like a chain dragging on the floor. What is that? Is it the lion on a leash? Without notice, my neighbor’s face peers at me through the hole! I tumble backwards on my behind and look up at the man peering at me with a pained expression. Maybe I should not feel alarmed, but I do.
The man has a dark beard and wild, disheveled tresses. His face is dirty. For a moment I do not recognize him. Fright rushes through my body, but when I look into his piercing gold eyes, I know who stares at me through the hole in the wall.
“Bunky?” My eyes widen as I look at his smudged face in disbelief for some moments. My emotions mix. I feel like my mind was put in a hydro blender and turned on high speed. It was just a fantasy that I longed to see him again. My neediness for Bunky was not real. I never thought this moment could manifest.
Even in his darkened state, he grins at me.
Blood rushes from the center of my chest and heats my stomach causing me to feel woozy. I look at him, my heart clenches now so tight I feel like I might faint.
Still staring at me, Bunky shakes his head. I see torment in his gold eyes. “Vanille Cossette,” he whispers softly. He shakes his head another time. The grief in his eyes seems to grow as we face each other.
Is Bunky upset with me?
His lip corners pull downward slightly. I see his thick dark eyebrows draw closer to each other and the inner angles raise. Suddenly, he pulls away from the hole and I hear the echo of metal dragging against stone. He moves to an area of the chamber that I cannot not see.
The edges of my mouth turn down now also. I feel tension between the inner corners of my eyebrows and slunk my head in my hands. I wait for a minute, but when he does not return, I make my way to my feet. There does not seem to be a lion in there. At least, I hope not.
I inhale deeply before I begin to edge my body through the hole in the wall, crawling on my hands and knees. The stone surface smells dusty and feels rough against my hands and knees. A little sediment gets in my eyes, but I manage to ease through the stones, spilling to the cold floor inelegantly.
I look around the chamber for Bunky. After a moment I see him in the obscurity. He stands with his forehead pressed against another wall. His arms are extended with his hands resting upon the stones. I notice his body shudder and I suspect he is crying. He does not make a sound. I remember the noise of a chain scraping the floor and see now that he is chained to the wall. As I look closer, I notice a thick metal clasp soldered around his ankle.
So many emotions well up inside of me. I am not sure what to say or what to do, so I stand in the chamber glancing around for some time. His room seems similar to mine. The chamber looks like it is constructed of ancient stones and emits an obscure dimness. It also has a bathtub, a toilet, and a washbasin with a little cupboard beneath. Like in my chamber, I see a window way, way, way up on the ceiling.
Observing Bunky’s fate and relating so, makes me want to cry too. I want to save him. I failed my brother, Zip. Maybe somehow, I can rescue Bunky from this prison. I realize that I desire to save him more than I want revenge on Belzera and the colony. Living in isolation like this is not right. My heart sinks. I know the pain I experience locked away from the world and recognize that Bunky suffers the same fate. The acknowledgement strangles my lifeforce.
Looking at him, I wonder why he is chained to the stone wall and I why I am not. The more I think about this phenomenon, the more I see the discrepancies. He is much more capable of escape than I am. With his physical strength and fighting skills, he should be able to escape this prison by overpowering the guards. Maybe the guards suspect his prowess and take extra precautions. But why is Bunky not able to fight them off? He does not need me to save him. He is more capable than I am.
After considering the circumstances, I move closer to Bunky. I feel a pinch inside my chest as I extend my hand and hesitantly place it on his shoulder. My body tenses. I am uncomfortable with touching men, but I sense he may need human touch as much as I do.
He pulls me up against his chest and slides his hand underneath my hair and holds the back of my neck with one hand. I breath in a jagged breath and press my chest against his. We embrace each other for some moments. His grasp intensifies the longer I am in his arms. I place my hand on his forehead. He feels hot and moist. His eyelids hang. My heart warms like the gentle light of a candle whose glow spreads from the flame through my body and wades within and without. I feel like an angel encased in light.
He draws me closer and I sense desperation in the way he embraces my essence, like if he releases me, I might extinguish, and he might be alone again. I imagine that may be how he feels because that is how I feel about him. Light of darkness.
I feel a rush through his body. He backs away from me while still grasping my shoulders. “Leave.” His nostrils flare. “Get outta here,” he whispers. I see an unanticipated glare in his gold eyes.
My body stiffens. I suck in a sharp breath.
“Put that stone back when you go.” His tone is cold. “Don’t come back.”
“It is death being alone.” My lips part and my hand involuntarily lifts to my open mouth.
His eyes narrow and his lips purse together. “I will, uh, uh, tell Marabo if ya, uh, ya ain’t get out.”
I feel as if poison has been injected into my stomach. Nausea rises from within. “But…”
He holds up his hand as if to stop me from speaking. “The old lady will hurt ya. Huh? She see ya in the cell with me—she torture ya bad.”
Backing away from him with my hand still on my lips, I say. “Would you report me?” The blood draws from my face.
His body jerks backwards. “Go, Vanille. I ain’t want you.” His tone lifts a pitch as he glowers at me.
My hand slides down my neck as I look up at the darkened skylight, trying to contain my tears.
He takes up a silver goblet from his meal tray and says, “Get out! I’ll make a ruckus with this cup! Octavia ain’t gonna treat you sweet.”
The chamber appears to mist over in gloom. My fingernails dig into the sides of my thighs. I feel shaken by his malice. How can he act so callous and taciturn after all that we have faced? Why does he not yearn for companionship as I do? Is he not lonely?
He holds the silver goblet above his head with fierce eyes. Tears stream down my cheeks. As much as I want to contain my emotions, I cannot stop the flow. I turn away from him to hide my feelings and ease my way back into the hole in the wall. With my ribcage shuddering, I crawl through the hole. Once I step to the floor of my chamber, I replace the stones to their original places.
My cell looks darker and spookier than before. A chill wades in the stale, damp air. A cloud of darkness encircles me, but I do not have time to examine my experience. The guards rarely intrude on my chamber, yet after the tremors I seemed to produce with my wailing, it occurs to me that someone may opt to torture me.
I hear footsteps on the stairwell outside of my cell. At once, I rush to the floor with my blanket and pretend to sleep. The gray-haired lady with a bun in her frizzy hair unlocks my door and walks in. Her enormous, yet trim physique is clad in the same pink uniform jumpsuit with a cummerbund around her waist displaying her electric baton and other torture devices. My breathing quickens as I squeeze my eyes shut on the floor.
“Betrayers of the colony are not permitted to cry in the Presco Mountain Dungeon,” Octavina says in her soft voice as she stands over me with one foot pointed and crossed over the other in a ballet stance. A trace of a smile lifts on her round face causing her full cheeks to dimple. “Why did you find it necessary to create noise on the premise?” Her tone has little inflection as she gently crosses her arms over her chest.
Closing and then reopening my eyes as my body trembles, I lift my shoulders with trepidation and respond in a quiet voice, “I miss my parents.”
She raises her chin in a regal manner and watches me for a minute with her grey snake eyes which causes a lump to grow in my throat. With a pivot turn, she strolls through my chamber picking up my hairbrush and then my toothbrush and examining them. She lifts her shoulders and then lowers them before setting them down and walking to another area of the room. As she wanders about, I see a small dust pile at the edge of the wall on the ground near the stones I recently secured. The cement that fortifies the stones together must have ground to sediment from the earthquake. My heart patters fast against my chest. If the lady sees the sediment on the stone floor, her suspicions may rise, and she may scrutinize the wall.
If she realizes that I crawled into Bunky’s chamber, she may lock me in the torture container she described in the past. I attempt to figure out how to sidetrack her to direct her away from my chamber so I can disperse the sediment before she discovers it.
In desperation, I clutch onto her arm, tugging her from the mound of sediment on the floor, and plead, “Oh, I beg of you, dear master, have pity on me!” I force tears to well up in my eyes. “Please talk with me for a little while. The loneliness is unbearable.”
Her eyes widen as she looks at my hand on her arm. “Take your hand off me, child.” Her voice remains steady. She barely struggles to release herself from my grip because she is large and more than twice my size.
“I beg you. Just talk to me.” I collapse on the ground, crying. My emotions flow freely because I feel like balling anyway.
She pulls her baton from her cummerbund.
“No, please.” What a fool I have been to provoke her.
 Staring at me unwaveringly, she flips the switch of the rod and wields high volts of electricity through my body. “President Hopskins does not allow prisoners to touch guards,” she says softly.
The electrical currents feel like they are frying my internal organs. Am I going to die? My body gyrates in convulsions. Bile spilling from my mouth, I clamp down on my lip. The baton turns off and I feel her whip me ten times on my backside. I lay on the stone floor helpless as she walks out of my chamber and secures the door as she exits.
For some time I feel nearly paralyzed, but a while later, I drag my body over to the little mound of sediment and pass out over it.
When my consciousness returns to me, the room is dark. My dreams were vivid and about Bunky Ohare. The visions seemed even richer and more pulsating than my conscious reality. It seemed as if Bunky and I were very close and familiar with each other in the illusive realm. We existed in a world where we shared everything together. Life was pure pleasure—frolicking like sea creatures in a sparkling blue ocean, delving into exciting water adventures, soaring through the Milky Way, playing sports on Neptune, and basking under the stars on a catamaran on a silver lake. My mood is so enticing that the aches, stings, and burns from the gray-haired beast only register peripherally in my consciousness if I lay very still.
I assiduously lift my body so to not aggravate my wounds and look to the door to examine if my meal has arrived. The sustenance has not come, so I suspect twilight has only recently passed. Night falls. My mind lights with optimism because that means that I can attempt to crawl into Bunky’s chamber once the tray arrives and the guards head upstairs.

15
Some time passes and I hear the guard’s footsteps approaching my chamber. The latch lifts, the key turns, the slider rises, and the tray is shoved inside the room. The nourishment smells like rotting raw carp. I feel around the platter and examine the bitter leaves on moldy bread with a side of crickets and a mug of something that smells like vinegar. I have eaten this variation in the past though the crickets were beetles the previous time.
Not hungry, I poke at the nourishment, nibbling here and there, while skipping the crickets and only sipping the vinegar. I am careful to place the tray in the proper spot for the guard to pick up when she arrives. It is vital that the platter is positioned in front of the slider at the entryway, so that nobody comes into my chamber for inspection. Typically, platter pick up is at noon the following day before the afternoon meal is served.
At this moment, my mind spins. Notwithstanding my wounds, which, to my astonishment, do not seem as serious this time, I yearn to visit Bunky. I cannot forget how he rescued Mum and me prior to joining the colony in Presco Mountains. I am sure he is an honorable man.
Yet then, I recall that Belzera claimed he blackened my name maintaining that I was his prostitute. Although I somewhat believed the rumor, I find it unlikely now that Bunky would lie like that. I cannot even believe that he would relay such a disrespectable confession even if it were true. It also seems farfetched to me that he was rendezvousing with three other girls in the colony. After the way he sent me away from his cell as he did, I doubt if he has been intimate with anyone at all in the colony. His focus does not seem there. Belzera is hardly an upright individual herself—she must have lied.
Even though I am an awkward, waify woman with albino hair that is mismatched with my brown complexion, Bunky liked me enough to transport my mama and me to the colony and help us with all sorts of things. If he did not like me, why did he give me an expensive purebred puppy? My heart pinches at the thought of my cute Maltese dog. He could have saved Bipsy for some other woman of his choice, but he gave her to me. It simply does not seem likely that he would gossip so crudely about me.
Yet despite all that, when I further scrutinize, I realize Bunky Ohare seems erratic. His actions seem unpredictable. At times he acts valiant and amiable and in other instances he seems unsympathetic and even somewhat cruel. For a long time while living in the colony, Bunky evaded me. So, considering his irregular behaviors, maybe it is possible that he spoke against me to Belzera and her friends. Oh, I simply cannot say! I find it all maddening.
The callous way he treated me last night when I was in his chamber hurt and confused me. I find it difficult to fathom that he prefers solitude to my company. Humans are social beings. It is rare that a person will choose to be entirely alone for eternity. Being trapped in a dungeon in seclusion and under such severe conditions, has caused me to yearn for any sort of human contact whatsoever. Even with a man like Bunky, befriending an awkward albino ought to be more fulfilling than existing in complete isolation.
If only he would spend a little time with me, possibly some of the loneliness that is eating me alive will dispel. We do not have to be romantic with each other if he finds me unattractive. It is possible that the desires I have for him might diminish.
I so greatly long to talk with him even if he is an imperfect person. Under these conditions, in my loneliness, attempting one more time seems worth the risk of torture. I feel I would rather die than spend one more night alone. Even though I fear the consequences, without any future to look forward to, I feel I have nothing to lose.
Absorbed in my contemplations, the songs I am so used to since I was sentenced to life imprisonment grow louder in my mind. The song is a charming, quixotic melody with a soulful chorus that elevates my spirits every time I feel down. I appreciate the familiarity of the piece and its comforting resonances.
As the music plays, I feel my way through the dark and very carefully detach the stones from the wall. I crawl gradually through the hole, attempting not to cause any commotions because I hope to not wake Bunky if he is slumbering. I also desire to climb down into his chamber before he can force me to return to mine.
I find it slightly more uncomfortable crawling through the hole with my newest cuts and slashes, but I seem to ease my way through okay. Once on the other side, the song in my mind ceases. I am shocked. This new silence feels odd and abrupt.
I witness a sparkling sphere of light wading in the air before Bunky’s face. He sits Indian style upon the stone floor with his eyes shut. My body tenses as my hand lifts to my mouth. The vision scares me, and I contemplate crawling back into my chamber. How in the world did he find an orb of light and how did he cause it to hover midair? I gaze at Bunky for a long time. Even with his untidy, long black tresses and his beard, he looks utterly breathtaking.
Attempting to not make a noise, I sit down across from him with the sphere of light between us. How strange. My palms sweat and I feel my throat tense. Maybe he senses me sitting before him because his eyes open abruptly, and the orb of light drops to the stone floor still alight.
“I tell ya to stay away,” he says frostily.
My chest tightens internally. “I, well, I…”
“Scram.” He hurdles up. His aggressiveness shocks me. Red light projects from his body. The beat of my heart jackhammers against my chest now. With the red hues enveloping him, he seems wicked.
I clamber to my feet, rubbing my eyes. “Bunky,” I beg. “I just need to talk a little.” I begin to fear that maybe I am better off without him.
“Never.” He clamps his teeth down and grinds them. His gold eyes flame in strength. 
Even though my heart feels like it might beat right out of my chest and I feel my forehead and armpits gushing with sweat, I cannot give up on Bunky. Unbearable loneliness strangles me. I am so scared of Bunky, that my throat feels like it is sealing up. I need a friend—any friend, even a stranger with secrets. In fortitude, I force myself toward him.
“I say out,” he commands me. The red light surrounding him grows bigger. It seems so weird, and I cannot figure out where it is coming from.
In a sudden rush, he charges at me, hurling me down toward the stone floor. As I fall backwards, I feel stunned, but he catches my head in his hand and I land beneath him. None of my bones feel broken though the slashes on my back sting and burn. I feel disconcerted and confused.
At that moment, he looks at me with fiery eyes that cause my body to heat. The pain I feel on my back escapes my mind. A normal woman would feel enraged, but I did not. I barely understood what I was feeling, but it was something mysteriously gratifying. Then his lips lightly brush mine. Only for a second, I feel his delicious warm breath enter me.
I am not sure if this was a kiss, but if it was this was my first. My thoughts seem to dance in paradise. My cheeks heat. Maybe I am wrong to feel like this, but the way his mouth brushed mine seemed sensual and tender all at once which I liked. I cannot deny it, I feel drawn to him as if I am under a spell.
Before I properly gather my senses, he kisses me fully this time. Our mouths press together, and I feel I am losing myself in a sort of waltz. The kissing grows frantic now, more like a tango. I think of a love scene from one of the dome cinema shows I frequented prior to the virus outbreaks. I long to breathe in his essence. Is this weird? My cheeks burn now at this thought. He strokes my hair. My body shivers. I never want this to end. His hands slide over my torso atop my robe. I do not know what to do.
He stops himself. I wonder if I disappoint him, but then he whispers breathlessly, “Ya smell like heaven.”
I cannot believe someone as perfect as Bunky is talking to me like this. Does he see what I look like. How can I smell good to him? My body is all perspiration and embarrassment.
Still staring at me, he shakes his head side to side with the slightest movement. The way he does that gives the impression that he is attempting to wake from a dream. All these sensations overwhelm me.
I must be making more out of this than it is. With his overt passion and his utter abandonment of his earlier commands that I leave, I get the impression he sees me as special. It almost seems like he cannot control himself in my presence. This fantasy I am deluding myself with is absurd. No way does he like me this much. He just has not been with any women for a long time and I am the only thing available.
I can barely catch my breath. Why did he tell me to get out of his chamber earlier?
Bunky rolls onto his back and murmurs ever gently that I ponder if he is conversing with himself, “Vanille Cossette.” That seems to be all he says. He smiles in the most appealing manner that confuses me. My body feels like it is floating on high, but I wonder if I hear him chuckle for a second and then he rests there in silence.
I wish I could read his mind as I watch him. His face suddenly pales. He shakes his head again more in irritation this time. The corners of his lips turn down and he grinds his teeth. With this sudden change, he pushes himself away from me, stumbling to his feet. He looks at me with his eyelids only half open. “I am, uh, sorry, Vanille. I ain’t, you see, well, you know, mean to give you mixed messages,” he mutters this in a low tone that has a gravelly resonance to it. “I ain’t never shoulda chased you.”
“I do not know what you mean…” I sit upright, searching his impassive expression for elucidation.
“Go, okay,” he turns to me with a chilly look. But he breathes heavy and the rhythm seems to match mine. It is like his body language is relaying something different than what he says.
My mind whirls. I feel overcome and muddled by his contradictory ways. I struggle to a standing position almost losing my balance, but somehow, I keep from falling over. Standing before him, I feel inferior, like an uncoordinated kid. “You confuse me,” I say, running my fingers through my hair.
Mystifying me further, he chuckles again and then grins. “Trust me—it’s best this way.” He casts his eyes down at the ground broodingly.
My eyes widen slightly as my brows arch. It’s like I am waiting for him to snap out of it. “So, that’s it?”
He does not respond and keeps looking down.
Frustration overpowers my voice. “You simply expect me to disappear and never return?” I feel very self-aware as my eyebrows fall. I do not think he is even listening to me.
He casts his eyes up at my face and says smartly, “You got it.”
With that, I feel my eyes bulge and my lips press together tightly. At that moment it seems as if I would rather die alone in my chamber than waste another second with a man like Bunky Ohare. He is a monster. He just messes with my mind. Maybe that’s fun for him. Some sort of power trip? Multiple personality disorder, maybe?
“I hate you!” I say, feeling foolish about my choice of expression. I just need to get away from him and untwist my thoughts. I pivot around and maneuver my body through the hole in the wall. He would certainly find my scarred-up body repulsive anyway if he ever saw it. I mean, who wants a woman with a bunch of slashes from whippings on her back and the word “whore” carved into her upper chest? When I make my way to the opposite side, before I set the stones back in the hole, Bunky looks through the opening at me.
“Ain’t makin’ no jokes,” he says in a determined tone. “I am serious, Vanille. I ain’t ever want you to come back.”
I think of how he avoided me once we arrived at Presco Mountains once we got out of his XO Port. He seemed to prefer everyone else over me.  Looking at Bunky right now, I feel speechless. My head fills with too much, so I ignore him and place the stones back into the hole.  Once the last stone goes in, I slide my back down the wall, desiring the stinging sensations of my slashes over the emotional torture I feel, as I fall to the floor.

16
Over the course of the following months my life feels like a dull haze. Every day, I seem to find myself wondering or fantasizing about Bunky Ohare. This upsets me to no end. I seemed unable to discern any practical ways he may have brought that orb of light into his chamber. And beyond that, how in the world did he cause the sphere to levitate midair? I also feel perplexed at how Bunky was able to surround himself in red light when his anger rose up at me? That seems beyond crazy. The questions I long to ask him seem endless. But even with my burning list of inquiries, at the same time, I utterly hate Bunky Ohare.
Yet at other moments, I fanaticize about caressing Bunky, kissing his soft lips again, and lying beside him all night long. I replay the memory of his golden eyes boring into my blue eyes and I lose myself in desire. The feelings are new to me. I have never sincerely felt this way toward another man. If only these blissful feelings were for any other man in the world and not for the cruel, mind twisting Bunky Ohare, the man with the gold eyes, the silky black hair, and the massive, strong, lithe body that I cannot stop wanting to touch.
Often in the darkest hours, I rest my scarred back against the stone wall that divides our chambers and imagine what he may be involved in on the opposite side. At times, I am sure his back is resting in precisely the same place as mine with only the wall separating us.
I feel Bunky Ohare in my mind and surprisingly, the expression seems like such a devoted exchange that I am often taken to tears. In the late hours of darkness, I hear Bunky wail in his slumber. He often talks in his sleep in a cryptic language that seems mysterious and foreign. I feel unable to fathom the discourse. He suffers immeasurably. The animal noises have disappeared. I wonder where they went. I cannot imagine Octavina with the baton or Marabo with the whip leading a lion, a horse, and a goat out of the cell. The female voice was peculiar. Who was she? And where did she go? When Bunky whimpers at night amidst some nightmare, although I loathe his very essence, my heart bleeds.
I ponder the way I brought the floors and walls to trembles from my voice. It seems as mindboggling as the mystical surprises I saw in Bunky’s chamber. If my pride did not rule me, I might attempt to bring forth another earthquake. I feel too uncomfortable to allow Bunky to hear me cry. I do not want to give him that satisfaction.
In my despondency, I hope soon I will be released from my obsession with Bunky Ohare, and when that day arrives, when I cease caring how he perceives me, I may attempt to bring forth another tremor. Possibly, I will get lucky and wail loud enough to collapse the prison and escape.
Though beyond that, the horror of the guards forcing me into the torture container stops me from attempting. It is possible that my cries might not bring down the walls or even shake them at all. It quite possibly may have been coincidence that the dungeon shook during my crying episodes. California often has earthquakes that occur naturally. Maybe I just cried during actual real earthquakes. If I cry too loudly the snake-eyed beast will likely punish me brutally.
I fall into slumber dreading the coming day. Tomorrow is my twentieth birthday. It is the day my mama warned me about—the day puberty might begin. And I have to face my birthday alone in hell.
 
17
While I gain cognizance as the sun breaks to dawn, I hear Bunky causing a ruckus. From what I can tell, he seems to be pacing in his chamber. He grunts, snorts, and moans. The sounds remind me of the way a stallion behaves when the mare in a nearby coral is in season. It seems like Bunky has lost control of himself. As I listen to the noise he is making, the music accelerates in my mind. The song feels tempting. Is Bunky luring me back into his chamber? He would never do that. He made it clear that he does not want me.
Today is my twentieth birthday. To my astonishment, I feel curiously different. I feel strangely sensual and strong. I observe that the images in my head seem more vivacious and purer. I experience vivid scenes like viewing a cinema of breathtaking landscapes and other captivating marvels. Silver trees with their leaves swaying in the wind by the forbidden lake float into my imaginations. The trees blossom in lace, elegant sashes, and dangling jewels. I observe the glimmer of the lake gleaming in the daylight. Lilies bloom by the pebbled shore. Hand in hand Bunky and I ease into the waterbed. Once in the refreshing water, we frolic around splashing and then wading on our backs. I take a sip of the liquid. It tastes like the balsam of cherries. He pulls me close to him. I splash him and wiggle away provokingly. At once, he swims after me. Tears drop from my eyes. Our lives feel boundless. We feel eternal.
As my daily ritual, I step over to the bathtub and fill the basin with water. My legs feel stronger than ever. When I glance down at my thighs, they look shapelier and womanlier than in the past. Whoa! Before today, my breasts were small, but now they are full, curiously perfect in shape and size according to societal standards. Puberty is quite peculiar. I giggle. The ugly duckling is becoming a swan.
I slide my body into the invigorating water as I do most every morning. The song feels like a blissful welcome in my mind. I ease myself down deeper into the bath. New hypnotic metaphors dance in full, rhythmic color like poetic verse in three-dimensional form.
Oh no! My mind thunders. Bliss turns to horror.
As I raise my head up and out of the water and rest my neck as I usually do on the edge of the tub, I feel horribly dissimilar. An elusive wave of energy seems to inject into my body. It is like someone is casting a spell on me. I feel it. Somebody is doing this to me. Puberty has gone wickedly wrong. Is this even puberty? I hear cackling laughter in my mind—a woman’s voice.
I slide my back up against the head of the tub basin with a start and cast my eyes down at my legs beneath the water. “No way!” I shout out loud. It appears as if my legs have fused together into the shape of a fish tail! I let out a howling scream. The stone walls tremor. I do not know if this is what my mama referred to as puberty or if some witch has cast a spell on me. My body seems to have turned into a mermaid body!
Hardly able to breathe, I attempt to pull myself out of the basin, but I am too shocked. I do not know how to get out without legs. I prop my torso up with my hands clutching the rim of the tub and force my way into an upright posture, but my new tail flops up and down splashing water all over the stone floor.
With a reckless struggle of moving my body this way and that with no success in sight, I eventually see no other option but to surrender. Exhausted, I open my hands, letting go of the rim of the bath. I slide, fully submerged under the water. My thoughts whirl. After a couple of minutes under, where I attempt to renew my sanity, my lungs start to hurt. I need oxygen! I feel frantic. Everything in me struggles to surface.
To my utter dismay, my struggles seem futile. I cannot angle my tail properly. Each time I attempt to sit up, the scaly thing flops wildly, forcing my head back under the surface. Minutes later, I begin to choke. My eyes bulge in horror. I am beyond myself, unable to fathom my surreal fate. Apparently, I seem to be a fish drowning in water. Though after minutes of choking and thrashing in the slosh, the pain so terrifying that I assume my lungs will explode, I start to breathe on my own beneath the water!
I am so stunned that I simply rest on my back fully submerged at the bottom of the basin and attempt to come to terms with all that has transpired. Is this what Mum warned me of when she said that changes might come upon me on my twentieth birthday?
If so, how did Mum know? Mermaids are fictious! Is my mama a mermaid also? I have seen her in water. Her legs did not fuse. She did not have a fish tail. No, I am sure Mum is not cursed like me.
Cursed? I said, cursed. Maybe this is a curse. I have heard of Native Americans of the past transforming into creatures through magic. I was never sure if this is possible. I think they are called shapeshifters. This cannot be good. Fairy tales weave stories of witches casting spells on people and transforming them into creatures. I think of the Unith Coven. Did a witch or a warlock turn me into a mermaid?
I consider my long white hair that my mama told me to never cut. Mermaid hair! That must be it. My tresses are not normal. Regular people do not have hair like me.
I blink my eyes under the water and see the distorted light of the window way, way, way high up on the ceiling. Considering my situation, I contemplate further.  How did Mum know?
Did Pop know about this too? My father was a vast mystery to me. Mum said that my long white hair came from his side of the family, from his mother, who she said was an albino. I did not know much about my father really. Whenever I inquired about him, Mum would respond vaguely or not at all. Possibly, my father was a merman. Did this curse span back many generations? This is nutty. I wish I could chalk it up to a hallucination, but it is real.
Struggling to get out of the tub seems useless, so possibly I should try to trick my tail and simply pull the plug out to allow the bath to drain. Why didn’t I think of that before? I suppose I was too frightened and shocked. I contort my torso to the side and grapple the porcelain bottom with my fingers until I find the little chain. I pull it to success. After the water empties, to my disappointment, my legs stay fused in the form of a green scaly tail. I thought mermaids turn back into humans once they are out of water.
Feeling beyond my senses, I cannot come up with a plan. The song in my mind amplifies and becomes more varied. In my state, the sounds of the music aggravate me. My eyes well up. How am I going to get out? Will I be trapped in this basin for eternity? I refuse to cry. Bunky will think I miss him. Tears stream down my cheeks. I feel like such a freak. No matter what, I will not cry out loud. I keep silent and wonder how I can have so many salty tears.
Hours must pass as I lay on my back staring at my tail. I remember when Mum and Zip were unconscious, I had to change their body positions throughout the day and the night otherwise they would develop bed sores. It is frustrating trying to change my position in the bathtub. I seem to have only three positions to choose from, so I alternate from the right side to the left side and then to my backside. It is tedious. I lay here for hours, struggling to find comfort on the hard porcelain.
I feel hopeless. It could be exciting swimming in a lake or in a sea but existing as a mermaid in a bathtub in a dungeon seems like a sick joke on me. Can my life get any worse?
I hear laughter in my mind again. My body tenses. The chortling overlaps with the haunting music. With my arms propped up on the rim of the tub, I glance to the side. I see a woman with a blood drawn face and clad in a long black cape. My hand flies to my open mouth as my eyes widen. I clutch the other side of the basin with my other hand to hold my body up. The woman looks translucent. She smells like sewage.
At that moment, Bunky burst through the hole in the stone wall directly into my chamber.

18
The translucent woman seems to disappear, but I still hear laughter over the music in my mind. The sewage stench seems to waft away. What was that?
With Bunky in the chamber now, I reach over the side of the tub and grab up my soaking wet robe that hangs partway over the basin, but mostly on the floor and cover my upper body with it.
I would not think I would be happy to see Bunky Ohare after he cruelly ordered me out of his chamber, but even with my fish tail, I wonder if this is the happiest moment of my life. Even though I am a freak, I am not alone and somebody utterly breathtaking stands before me. Even if he hates me.
Extending from his ankle, Bunky drags a chain behind his body with a block of the stone wall attached. I suppose he must have yanked the chain straight out of the partition and then rushed through the hole into my chamber. His overgrown black hair is all disheveled and his face looks flush through his black beard. Even though his gold eyes look crazed, he looks up at me with a surprising grin on his face. He presses his lips together, apparently attempting to suppress his laughter which seems to be spilling out of him inappropriately.
My cheeks heating, I scowl at him from the bathtub. Is my tail really that funny? I would expect him to faint seeing me like this. I mean, shouldn’t he be shocked that I am a mermaid? It certainly is not humorous. I am a monster. How is this even possible.
To my bewilderment, he is apparently unfazed by my transformation. He extends his hand out to me. “Don’t be shy.” He tilts his chin down with a soft smile and gazes into my eyes. “Take my hand,” He murmurs.
“I am too heavy,” I say, crushing my robe in my hands over my chest. “I’ll smash you with my weight if you pull me out.” Even though I am cold, my palms sweat. My green fish tail looks dry and scaly.
He cocks a dark eyebrow and looks at me. “Hardly,” he smirks.
I remember how earlier he was making strange sounds behind the wall that sounded like a charged stallion. Chills finger up my spine. I am not sure if I am more afraid of Bunky or myself. My cheeks burn. But before I can protest, he leans over the side of the bathtub and scoops me up into his arms. My heartrate speeds up as my long white hair falls to my sides.
Even though I want to seem like I am strong, my eyes well up. “You cannot put me down because I lost my legs,” I manage to say without spilling tears.
He chuckles again. “You, uh, look different,” he whispers in a sort of mumble. Still holding me he lifts my long white locks that drag on the floor with one hand and drapes them across my body.
I feel relief to be in his arms and not stuck in the bathtub any longer.
He nods, his expression unreadable. “Command your legs to take over,” he says, motioning to my fish tail.
I wrinkle my eyebrows. “What?!”
With that, he squeezes his lips together again as his mouth fills with air. His nostrils are slightly flared. I think he is trying not to laugh. “Like I said,” he chuckles. “Command your legs.” He still looks amused, like he may be thoroughly enjoying my predicament.
“Abra Cadabra,” I scoff as I stare at his perfect face, feeling utterly staggered.
“Trust me…” His low voice is soft, but he is smiling at me probably at my expense.
Trust me? What a joke! Yet I cannot think of any other alternative but to follow his advice. I focus for a minute, attempting to direct my full intention into my command. Maybe he knows something and is not just humoring me. With a sort of strength of feeling, I say, “Legs take over.”
“Perfect.” His eyes widen as he speaks.
And to my amazement, my scales on my fish tail start to smooth and the green color lightens to my brown skin tone. My legs and feet reform.
Looking at my legs he clears his throat. “Ya look different.” As he holds me, a red light flashes in his gold eyes. His gaze turns intense, maybe even frightening and he puts me down.
Now on my feet I pull the bottom of the wet robe over my legs. Why did he say that I look different? He said that before as well. Perhaps he can tell I started puberty and maybe he noticed how my legs are more feminine and shapelier now. Also, the way his eyes flashed red surprises me. Aside from all that, I am more than relieved see my legs again.
Bunky steps over to the stone wall and a sphere of light shoots out of his hand.
How did that just happen?!
His face flushes. I guess he is embarrassed. Without hesitation, he waves his hands and mumbles something. The sphere of light disappears.
Had I not just transformed from a mermaid into a shapely woman, I would probably be shocked by what I just saw. But right now, I just feel so mixed up. “Why did you come here?” I say abruptly wondering if I will scare him away. “You told me you do not want me.”
“It was, uh, you know, for the best,” he says darkly, not looking at me.
“If that is the way you want it, why are you here?” In my frustration, I cannot help but notice that he looks handsome in his robe. Ugh!
He leans his back against the wall and faces me from a distance. “Don’t ask questions.” His eyes cast up at the skylight. I get the feeling he is distracted.
I cross my arms over my chest. “Sure,” my tone is mocking. He is quite controlling.
With my basic nonresponse, he looks at me blankly. “Happy birthday, Vanille,” he says in a seemingly lighter mood.
“Wow.” I step back. “I did not mention that it is my birthday.”
He raises an eyebrow. “I know stuff.” His smile makes me guess that he is entertained. With what—I have no idea.
“Okay.” My arms are still crossed over my chest as I look at him from across the room. “Can you explain this to me?” I walk toward him.
As I approach, he slides his back down the wall into a sitting position on the floor and then looks up at me through his thick black lashes as I stand over him. “You are, uh, well, you are a mermaid,” he chuckles and looks down at his hands, turning them over while examining his palms.
I feel my body stiffen. For support, I lean against the stone wall beside him. I pull my long hair over one shoulder and close my eyes. “Mermaids don’t surprise you?”
“I, ya see, uh, I gotta go back.” he looks toward his chamber and rises.
A rush of desperation fills my body. “So, you didn’t answer me,” I say quickly, afraid I may never see him again. “Why did you crawl through to my side? Am I your friend now?” I glance down for a moment, my cheeks burning.
“Friend?” he tightens his lips like he is attempting to suppress his amusement. “I can’t stay away from you anymore. I’ve given up for now. I’m not, uh, a good, well, friend for you.”
My breath catches in my throat. “I do not understand.”
His eyes meet mine. “Ya oughta cut loose from me. You know?” His stare seems contradictory, almost childlike while intense at the same time.
“Are you a bad person?”
“Is that what you think?” He chortles and stomps in his heavy-footed way to the hole in the wall. When he looks back at me over his muscular shoulder, his eyes seem to smolder as he watches me.
“I don’t want to,” I say wanting to run over to him and throw my arms around him.
He shakes his head as if he is waking from a dream the way he did after we kissed so many months ago. Then he smiles at me with a charming, crooked grin that causes me to tingle all over. Without saying anything he climbs through the hole in the stone wall.

19
My head is like a hydro blender now with so many thoughts blending up inside. I want to ask Bunky so many questions, but he did not give me enough time, nor did he seem open to my implorations. I feel I have so many questions left unanswered—questions about how in the world I became a mermaid and even more questions regarding Bunky and his strange behaviors. Everything seems nonsensical to me. How am I ever going to quit thinking about the enigmatic man in the chamber beside me?  He appears unaffected by the fact that I transformed into a fictitious mythological being. Feeling utter lack of control, I opt to count the stones on the walls. I bet that will take a long time. It seems like the most tedious thing I can come up with to do. Hopefully, it will help me relax.
The plan is a dud though. I lose track counting the stones after about eighty or ninety, so I quit. It depresses me anyhow, reminding me that I have to live in a cell for the rest of my life.
With all that edginess blending inside of me, I rest my back against the stone partition separating my chamber from Bunky’s. This interests me—once I situate my body, I would bet a million gold coins that I feel Bunky’s heart pounding right into mine. I am sure the sensation is true. The thunder of his heart pumping vibrates my core. I feel like I can feel him inside of me. These sensations stir me and provoke a desire within to press my body to his.
I don’t want to feel this way. To divert my yearnings that roar inside me, I scoot my body away from the wall and lie down on my backside upon the stone floor. The unresolved enquiries deluge back into my cognizance. My curiosity burns. How does Bunky produce orbs of light and then shoot them out of his hand? This puzzles me. Also, why was he encircled in red light when we were together in his chamber, the time that he ordered me to leave him? And furthermore, how come when my wailing escalated each time, I heard sounds in his chamber prior to the earthquakes? Maybe Bunky caused the walls and floors to shake rather than I. Which one of us made the tremors? Or did we generate it together?
To the best of my knowledge, only practitioners of witchcraft and the various venues of the dark arts and in addition, those versed in the mystical practices from the side of holiness can rise above nature, so to speak, and exemplify supernatural powers. I am under the impression there is a dark side and a light side. My thoughts reel.
Is Bunky mystical? He has a lot of good qualities, but he does not seem holy. I have heard of so-called paranormal beings such as fairies, vampires, werewolves, aliens, mermaids, etc., but, in the past, I figured they were fictitious. Now after transforming into a mermaid, I see that at least mermaids are real. Is Bunky paranormal as well? If he is, then what is he? Is he a mer like me? The idea makes me laugh. He seems comfortable and even knowledgeable with my transformation. Maybe he is just the type to act that way, the kind that feigns his real feelings during unfamiliar situations.
Also, in addition, I marvel about the songs I regularly hear in my mind. Somehow, Bunky seems linked to the music as well. I am suddenly distracted with another thought. I remember the figure I saw! Who was that stinky, translucent woman by the bathtub? Was she a ghost? Was Bunky the vocalist in my mind from the other side of the wall these past months? The two of us seemed to craft beautiful concerti together in my mind. Or was the putrid aberration by the bathtub the singer in my mind? Who is she?
I throw my head in my hands and shake it side to side. My stomach rolls. Nausea rises from my belly to my throat as I contemplate. She is a new anomaly.
But that is not all. It seems that the melodies are allied to the forbidden lake. The songs continually summon me, and I guess Bunky also, to its waters. Why do these symphonies entice me to Bunky and why do they lure us to the outlawed lake? What is the link and what is the purpose? The questions continue to stir in my consciousness, and I wonder if I will ever find the answers.
I extend my legs out on the hard stone floor inspecting their unanticipated shapeliness while I think more about my questions. Why does Bunky suggest that I break away from him? He appears to somewhat like associating with me, but he seems to feel obliged to caution me to keep away from him. Is he a danger to me? If so, then why or how?
I consider bathing to soothe myself, but the alarm of growing that green fish tail terrifies me. What if I command the tail to turn back into legs, and it does not respond? I want to try again. Hopefully, it is not an unruly tail. Perhaps tomorrow I may take a bath and acquaint myself with my novel fate, but today the risk seems like too much for my churning mind. I lie down on the floor feeling nauseous.

20
Darkness falls while I lie upon the cold stone floor staring into the black abyss. My heartrate accelerates as I hear a sound. To my surprise, Bunky crawls through the hole in the stone barrier. Because the chamber seems completely dark when he climbs in, I emit an astonished yelp.
“Shhhh…” he whispers. “It’s, uh, you know, me.”
My heart fills with an inpour of blood and my body heats as I listen to the drag of the chain as he nears. I wonder if the stone block soldered to his ankle bothers him. I am relieved that in the darkness, he cannot look at my face because I bet it is red.
“Ain’t nobody sittin’ here,” he murmurs as he sits down next to me on the stone floor. “Ya need a blanket. Huh?” he says softly as he stands back up. It sounds like he walks over to the cupboard beneath the sink. I hear the door of the cabinet open; his hand seems to touch something soft, and then I hear the door close.
I feel the blanket drape gently over my shoulders. My body heats several degrees hotter. “Don’t tell me—” I whisper, “—you can see in the dark too?”
He chuckles lightly. “I ain’t no bum,” he mumbles as he sits down beside me.
I feel electricity between my body and his. It hurts being so close to him. He smells like a mix of mint, the sky after a rain, and his delicious natural aroma that is warm and musky. The music in my mind turns sensual. My breath thickens at the thought of Bunky being able to hear the song. Not being able to see him in the black chamber, feels frightening, yet mysterious at the same time. I can hear the gentle rhythms of his breath.
Side by side, we sit in silence for some time. My palms sweat and I imagine perspiration must be beading up along my widow’s peak on my forehead. I am not sure if I should speak. Really, I do not know what to say anyway. All my questions might scare him away. I am also afraid that one of the guards may catch us together. With such an extreme offense, they would surely torture us and maybe even kill us.
To my relief, Bunky seems to take the lead with the conversation. “So, uh, Vanille, uh…” he says in a gentle tone, yet almost wryly, which takes me by surprise, “…Do you like the food here?”
The thought causes me to laugh. I quickly cover my mouth hoping the guards did not hear me from upstairs. “Yum, yum, good,” My quiet chuckle wanes to a smile. “Sure do like those grasshoppers!”
He chuckles too which causes me to feel almost normal like I am with Mum or my brother. “My favorite is the stewed eyeballs,” he says. I sense a smile on his face.
“Hey, me too!” I lament in humor, trying to speak quietly. “So disgusting!”
“What type of, you know, varmint do you, uh, think they’re from?”
“They look possessed, so I am guessing they might be lizard’s eyes or maybe bat’s eyes. What’s your guess?”
“The chef here, uh, you know, must alternate between the two. But, you know, I might, you see, scoop out Octavina’s, you know, the lady guard’s, orbs and feed them to the rats in the cell. Want to join me?”
“Gross.” I cringe and giggle. “Well, now that I consider, include me in the scooping, but I’ll let you deal with the rats.” I hold my hand against my lips and smile, but I guess he cannot see me in the dark. I kind of like that I am not visible to him because I imagine I look super horrid and haggard. With living in a dungeon, it seems like forever since I looked in a mirror. Once in a while, I see my reflection in the bath water, but it’s not clear and the sunlight has to catch at just the right angle to capture my image.
It’s a great reprieve joking around with Bunky particularly after living in solitary for so long. Our silly banter loosens me up a bit, lifting my confidence. Feeling less inhibited, I dare ask him one of my numerous questions. I hope I will not scare him away. “I am curious about the light spheres.” I try to not seem too direct. My body tenses in anticipation of his response.
Bunky shifts his posture.
Oh, no. I sense he feels uncomfortable.
“You’re a curious little mermaid. Aren’t you?” His silky voice sounds amused.
I giggle at that. He depicts me in a cute way. I feel relief that he makes light of me being a mermaid giving me the impression that he finds it endearing rather than grotesque as I fear. “I guess I would like to understand you.” I pause, hoping I do not sound too interested. “I can keep a secret.”
“So, uh, you, uh, can keep secrets?” His tone seems teasing.
“Yes, I am the barer of secrets.” I cross my arms over my chest and push out my lower lip, but I guess he cannot see anything in the blackness of the night.
He sighs slowly. “You see, Vanille, uh, the less I tell the better.”
“I don’t understand,” I whisper and set my head in my hands.
He moans and I feel his warm breath on my neck. Does he know how he affects me? “I might scare ya,” he mumbles under his breath. I get the feeling he might be contemplating about telling me.
“Honesty is important,” I say, but he scoots away slightly from me and I regret pushing him.
“I ain’t no liar when I tell ya to stay away from me. You know?”
Even though he speaks in a sincere tone, I feel a sting in my heart like he is mocking me. “You said that. Didn’t you?” I shake my head and scoff lightly. I feel the slightest bit of a lump grow my throat. “Without you as a friend, I would whither in loneliness. Does it not hurt you living a solitary existence in a dark chamber?”
“You know, it’s, well, uh safe, you know, to be alone. Better ya ain’t danger people, you know, the good ones.”
“Are you a threat me?” I ask, pondering how that could be.
“Yes, Vanille,” his voice seems constricted. “I am a danger to you.”
I jut my chin back. Is he for real? “Should I be frightened?” I hope he is joking, even though I intuit he means what he says. I wonder how he is a danger to me, and I remember back to the times he avoided me on the colony. Was that because he could harm me somehow? It did not make sense to me.
“You certainly should.” He pauses.
“Then why are you here with me?” I flinch, hoping I did not alarm him.
“I ain’t tough enough to control myself anymore.” He shifts his body. I feel an upward movement and guess that he is raising his arms and then putting them behind his head for support as I have seen him do. “I gotta be with you.”
Heat rushes through my body. I feel flush. My heart flutters. “With me?” My tone conveys surprise.
He does not respond, but instead looks over at the door. I bet he is worried the guards might hear us together also.
I swallow and inhale deeply. “Will you make one of those orbs of light so that I can look at you?” I feel shy inside.
“Hmmn.” He is quiet for a little while. I guess he is contemplating a decision. “I oughta do that.” His tone seems serious.
With little delay, he scoots his body in front of me, still sitting. Suddenly, a sphere of light shines midair between us.
My eyelids shoot up as I look at the light. “Beautiful,” I whisper feeling in awe of Bunky.
Trying to calm myself I glance at him lit by the glow of light. He has a crooked grin on his face as his eyes bore into me. He says, “You’re beautiful.”
I laugh. “Me?”
“Uh, don’t you know?” He seems surprised.
I shrug my shoulders, smiling. “I do not see myself that way.”
“I only see you before with those glasses. You know?” He raises one eyebrow and tilts his chin down. Your eyes are so blue without ’em.”
My cheeks warm. “I lost the glasses that day I got beat up and was sentenced to this dungeon.”
“Before all this birthday stuff, you know, before you changed, uh, you were pretty—very pretty. I liked the glasses. But now you are, uh, well…” he pauses for a minute like he is searching for the right way to describe me. “…you are unbelievable.”
The blood rushes to my cheeks and they heat up. “I have not seen my reflection in the bathwater yet, but I see that my body is fatter.” I regret what I said, not wanting to draw attention to myself.
“You’ve seen, uh, dome cinema shows about mermaids. Right? You know, men call mermaids bombshells. I’m not saying I like bombshells…” His cheeks turn red under his beard. “You know what I mean.” He looks down and then gazes up at me through his dark eyelashes. “I mean no disrespect.” There is a mischievous look on his face.
Is he saying he likes me? “Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Nothing.” It appears as if he is containing laughter. “I’m just, you know, uh, thinking of you in the bathtub with that wet robe on you.”
I place my hands on my hot cheeks as I roll my eyes.
His gold eyes seem to smolder at me. Maybe I am imagining it.
I sit there thinking about Bunky. His voice seems kind of powerful and deep in a mesmerizing sort of way. It sort of contradicts his handsome appearance because it’s heavy, very low, sometimes guttural, and overall kind of unexpected. His face is kind of big and I guess that goes with the deep voice kind of. A song crashes through my being. I attempt to regain focus. “Tell me why your body exuded red light that time I crawled into your chamber.”
“Um, well?” It looks like the corners of his lips turn down slightly. I hope I didn’t hurt him.
I am not sure if I should explain. “It seemed like I angered you and maybe because of something I did, red light emitted from you.”
Bunky shakes his head and then gazes off toward the hole in the chamber. “It don’t matter. I, uh, could never be angry at you, Vanille.” His countenance seems genuine. “Now and then when I control myself, hey, it feels overwhelming. You know? That’s, uh, maybe why we shouldn’t spend time together.”
“I sense there is more to it,” I say feeling frustrated. “I don’t want to scare you away, Bunky, but you have not answered any of my questions.” My body tenses as I look at him.
To my surprise, he takes my hand. Tingling sensations dance through my body. The sphere of light lifts above us as we face each other in the golden light. “Can I trust you?” The blood seems to draw out of his face all at once and he looks pale.
“Yes,” I say. “Of course, you can trust me.”
“I, uh, I ain’t mean for it to happen this way.” Still holding my hand, he looks up at the darkened skylight. “Maybe when I tell you, you get in more danger. You know what I mean?” Even though his grammar is mixed up, his tone sounds throaty and elegiac in an appealing way.
“You have to stop this,” I complain in desperation. “You are not telling me why you think I am in threat.” I lean forward squeezing his hand. “Why?” I plead, tingling inside with our skin touching.
He looks toward the hole in the wall. “I don’t want to do this to you so many times…”
“Then don’t,” I interrupt.
He sucks in a deep, pained breath. “I am a warlock.”
I pull my hand away. “What?” I say, feeling dumbfounded. Goosebumps raise on my arms as I look at him in disbelief. I should have known. That is why he possesses magical powers. I must have been denying it to myself. He is everything that I hate. He is the cause of our ruined world. He is the reason my family is on the run, terrified for our lives, hidden away from society. He is the reason my father is dead.
Holding back my tears, I ask Bunky, “If you are a warlock, why have you not enslaved or killed me?”
He tilts his head down shaking it lightly side to side with his eyes cast down. “Huh?” he mumbles and looks at me sitting across from him. “Hey, you see, the Unith Coven make me go look for people who aint following rules. It’s like that.”
“What are you supposed to do if you find someone breaking their rules?” I ask, my eyes narrowing as an unexpected teardrop falls.
“I got to kill them.”
I swallow. “Did I break the Unith Coven’s rules?”
He swings his head side to side as his eyes raise up. “Yeah,” he says. His eyes level and lock to mine.
My adrenaline rushes. “What did I do?”
“You say, uh, you know…”
“What?” I ask raising my eyebrows.
He inhales, looking around the room with wide eyes. “You say you wanna wipe them out.”
“Oh.” I feel faint. “Does the Unith Coven know that I said that?”
He does not answer for some time. “Nah.”
I exhale. “You are afraid they will find out?”
He nods and then shrugs.
“Is that why you avoided me on the colony and also told me to stay away from you?” I place my hand on my forehead and rub it.
“Yeah, maybe that’s why.” he whispers.
I think for a minute looking down at my hands on my lap.
He continues, “I ain’t want to hear more about what you say cause then I, uh, ain’t gotta know you and if I ain’t hear ya, I ain’t have to, you know…”
“…kill me. Right? If you do not know that I want to dismantle the Unith Coven, then you do not have to kill me. Correct?” I ask, tossing my hair to the side.
His neck extends slightly as he nods. He places his hands on the back of his neck now and looks down.
“I think I understand now,” I say, taking a strand of my hair in my fingers and twisting it.
We both do not talk for a long while. The light sphere glimmers between us. Looking at Bunky shining in the golden light feels tragic. I have nothing to live for in this dungeon. Why is he telling me this? Warlocks are the epitome of evil. I have never seen anything sparkle so beautifully like Bunky beneath that sphere of light in my life. I want to die.

21
I feel agitated as I bathe in the water. Looking through the surface, as I rest my head on the back of the basin, I watch my green fish tail fan up and down in the tub. I am beginning to familiarize myself with my fish tail. Maybe it is a curse, but a fish tail might become useful. I yearn to try it out in the forbidden lake that beckons me. Once in its waters, I might swim freely and explore the depths. The problem is that the music seems to beckon both Bunky Ohare and me together.
Now with the water surrounding me, I can consider all that Bunky revealed to me the night prior. I feel many contradictions in my opinions. My thoughts are at polar odds with each other. I feel extreme hatred. I feel extreme love.
Warlocks are cruel and coldhearted. They tear people to shreds without any remorse. They are egotistical sociopaths who only care about their own pleasures and power. With that in mind, how is it possible that I am so utterly drawn to the evilest of beings? But as I reflect, Bunky does not seem wicked at all. In fact, he seems good and heroic. Ugh, it makes no sense.
Mum will feel overcome with grief if she ever discovers that I associate with a warlock. If I ask her permission, she will never allow it. I figure, if I somehow were to ever see my mama again, and that if I were to insist on seeing Bunky, she would see no other way but to disown me. As much as Mum cares for me, she is unable to tolerate such a contradiction to her ethics. I do not think I could live without Mum’s love.
Witches and warlocks are the cause of all chaos and destruction in the world. They created and released the deadly viruses into the world as war strategies for reducing the population and enslaving the citizens. Bunky is one of their soldiers, a member of the Unith Coven. He is an agent of the dark side. Considering all that, I cannot blame Mum for not tolerating a relationship between Bunky and me.
As I further my contemplations, I realize I ought to stay away from Bunky. My heart clenches deep in my chest. Even Bunky expressed that he is a threat to me. It is possible that Bunky is full of tricks and manipulations like what one would expect from a warlock. How in the world can I ever trust a practitioner of witchcraft? All the survivors say the witches and warlocks are a vicious group. I saw them brutally murder the women that I freed from their cage.
With that in mind, I slide my head down into the water. My long white tresses fan out. I try to relax and then surrender to the water. As I release myself, the natural laws of my species seem to take over and I start to breathe. Once my body adjusts, my mental torment resumes to my dismay.
I lay submerged beneath the water for a long while. When I eventually raise my face out, my hair dripping wet, I spot Bunky leaning against the stone wall. From his location in the chamber, I do not suspect he can see my nakedness, but now that I lifted my head from the water, he is able to see my face.
Dizziness overtakes me—simply looking at Bunky seems to set me into a trance. “It is a surprise to see you in the day light.” With my faintness, I feel scarcely able to expel the words from my lips. I am a tongue-tied mess.
It looks like his gold eyes shine under the skylight as he snickers ironically. “I ain’t no predictable magician.” He begins to walk in my direction.
“Whoa there, magic man.” I raise my green mermaid tail out of the bathwater and splash Bunky on his face trying to stop him from approaching.
He huffs, somewhat staggered at my silliness. “Hey, uh, look out, mermaid princess, or I might, you know, crawl in there with you.”
My cheeks burn.
“No objection to you in the bath. But yo, Vanille,” He raises his eyelids wide as he tilts his head back and then forward. “You gotta wear a sweater. You know? I ain’t, uh, want to lose my mind. You hear what I’m tellin’ you?” It sounds like he whispers something in another language under his breath.
I feel something scratchy and uncomfortable on my chest and torso. Frightened, I glance down through the water and see that I am suddenly wearing a very conservative looking sweater. The burning heat on my cheeks spreads to the rest of my face. I bet I look as red as a lobster because he glances at me sideways as that hypnotic, crooked grin lifts on his striking profile.
I am speechless and disconcerted at the same time. Out of nervous habit, I twist a long strand of my soaking wet white hair.
With a sort of growl under his breath, he rolls his head against the wall in seeming frustration. Then he turns to me and stares into my eyes assuredly. “You ain’t got no idea what you look like in that tub.” His stentorian tone resonates at my core.
“Slimy?” I giggle, still blushing.
He shakes his head in that way that confuses me, kind of like he is waking from a dream. “Scarcely.”
I cast my eyes down, attempting to control my heartrate that seems to be pounding so rapidly that I worry it might explode out of my chest. Why is this happening to me? I am supposed to hate him.
“Places to go,” he says brusquely. “I ain’t no bum.”
My heart falls. Maybe he read my mind. Now he’s leaving.
“Yo, Vanille, my chamber tonight,” he says, his eyebrows drawing together. “Don’t look glum—I got a surprise for you.”
I cannot even help it; my face lights up uncontrollably. “Pray, do tell,” I manage to say trying to sound clever, while in reality seeming like an utter try-hard geek.
He chuckles as his chin tilts downward while watching me. “You know, I got my game.” At that comment, he climbs back through the hole in the stone wall.
He even admits his tricks, yet I cannot stop thinking about him. The rest of the day all I can do is obsess over Bunky Ohare, the horrible warlock with awful grammar that sounds like music to my ears. It feels like I am lost in a dream and nothing else exists in this world aside from the warlock and my longing for him. Have I lost my mind? It’s like I am surrendering all my principles and beliefs for man, and a despicable one at that.
As much as I should not be, I am overly eager to go to Bunky’s chamber tonight. I feel dreadfully curious about the surprise he teases me with. My breath is heavier than usual and my body clenches with sensations I am unfamiliar with.
Possibly to distract myself, I waste the afternoon fiddling with my tresses. Against my better judgment, I hope to seem pretty to him. I realize I am far from attractive, especially now that he has seen my scaly mermaid tail, but boys at my school before the release of the viruses, sometimes seemed to like my hair. As a long shot, I opt to lay my focus on my locks. With my fingers, I divide my long white tresses into many strands and twirl the locks into constricted curls, setting the hair to dry.
When evening arrives, I rake my fingers through the curls. To my relief the tresses feel silky and full to the touch. Before the Unith Coven takeover, when I wore my hair like this, on the rare occasion, I received a few compliments here and there. I wish I could verify the results with a hand mirror, but that is not an option. It’s too dim in the chamber to look into the bathwater for my reflection, but hopefully I do not look like an ugly duckling or a try-hard imbecile. I fear he was messing with me when he said my looks are “unbelievable”. Maybe he meant unbelievably ugly.
When darkness falls, I dislodge the stones and crawl through the hole. A symphony dances in my head and I feel more alive than I have in a long time. My heart pounds fast in my chest as I climb down from the hole into Bunky’s chamber.

22
When I step into Bunky’s chamber, my eyes grow wide in shock—the space looks dreamy, but unexpected. Bunky sits upon a shaggy black fur carpet that relaxes opulently upon the stone floor. Red and orange flames surrounded in blue hues waltz in romantic golden light from a fireplace that that casts an enchanting glow on Bunky’s breathtaking face. Baroque gilded dishes topped with luscious delicacies and mysterious beverages rest at Bunky’s side. The stone walls appear to be draped with purple velvet trimmed in gold crown moldings. The ambiance of the room feels royal, sensual, and enticing.
When Bunky sees me, his eyes widen. “Yo, Vanille! Wow!” His gold eyes trace my body. “Nice. Your hair. You know?” He points at my hairdo. “It looks good.” He shakes his head in that way that he does.
Sensations of rapture cast over me in his presence. And, as if it isn’t already enough, when I glimpse some paintings on the stone walls my feelings intensify. Each canvas appears to be a depiction of me. Never have I imagined myself represented in such quixotic manners. In one portrayal, I lounge elegantly upon a boulder overlooking a glittery sea with my green mermaid tail sparkling under a full moon. In another painting, I am clad in a military uniform sitting upon a rearing stallion in a breathtaking rose garden, dead bodies litter the ground. Hmmm…
The third canvas strikes me the most and seems utterly dissimilar. In the night setting, I look innocent and happy like a woman of valor and virtue. Clad in an elegant, yet conservative white gown, I am standing in a gazebo upon a hill. I am gazing out at a city of lights. It looks like a beautiful modern world without the desolation I am accustomed to seeing in the metropolises of the present day. I get the feeling that the world will repair and even flourish and that I will have some hand in it. The depiction reminds me of reoccurring dreams I have had throughout my life. I would not reveal this dream to anyone. How does Bunk know about it?
My body trembles. The music plays on and I can barely hold my balance. Bunky stands up and helps me sit down beside him upon the soft black fur carpet. “Oh,” I say. “So soft.” My body warms from his touch as I run my hand over the fur rug.
“Your chamber…” I gasp and touch the center of my chest with my hand. “How in the world did you…”
He smiles with his lips pressed together and looks to me. “Uh, well, I, you see… I unlocked the golden gate in my mind. You know?” His expression looks satirical and spirited. “Chants and spells ain’t for nothing.”
His deep, silken voice will melt me alive. My eyes are still wide with awe at the extravagance of the setting. “Ah, that’s all.” The words do not seem to come to me. My body sways to the side and I feel overly aware of my breathing. “Let me get this straight. So, you simply elect what you desire and then you supernaturally manifest it?”
“Well… Did I say that?” He shrugs.
My mind reels with the possibilities. “If you are so magical, then break us out of here.” After I make the suggestion, I wonder why he is in this dungeon in the first place.
He stares off as he responds. “I, uh, ain’t got no reason to leave.” At that, he turns back to me and sees me through twinkling slit eyes.
“Come again?” I feel my body tense. “You want to be in this cell?” The fine blonde hairs on my arms lift as I try to fathom what he said.
“I, well, I crossed the boundary line. You know?” His expression looks impassive.
“Why?” I fold my arms over my chest. “Yes, I know. Why did you do that?”
“I, uh, I hoped to, uh, well… get caught. Get it?  You know, for breaking the law. You ain’t supposed to follow me.” His face droops.
I wipe my sweating palms on my robe while feeling barely able to speak. After a moment, I manage to whisper, “How come you wanted to get captured?”
He seems uncomfortable. Hunching his back over, he sets his forehead against the tips of his fingers and looks up at me through the separations in them. His cheeks flush. In a seemingly embarrassed tone he says, “I, uh, wanted to stay away from you.”
His low tone seems soft as he continues, “The walls are of Lotham stone from, you see, the Valley of Magic. Witches and warlocks ain’t got no power over Lotham stone. No way out…” His very low, deep, guttural tone always endears him to me. It’s beyond my control. He seems to study me for a moment. “I ain’t got no way to free myself. If that desire kicks in, the stones trap me inside. You hear?” He pauses for a moment. I think I see his face flush. “On purpose I attacked Marabo when he put me here. That way he locks me to the Lotham. He make me high security. You know?”
He continues, “When you cried like that… Huh? …real loud, the Lotham—kabam! I break from the wall.”
Breathing in sharply, my chest tightens. The pounding of my heart accelerates. “Tell me why you avoided me.” I shake my head. “I cannot understand that.”
“I ain’t want to avoid you anymore.” He smiles at me with a tickled look on his gorgeous face. “Like I told you the other time, it’s too hard and I give up.” His frisky expression falls. I guess he is sad.
Bunky’s frankness stimulates me, but it also disconcerts me all the same. I know I shouldn’t feel this way, but I want to touch him. We should not be together. I do not want to be with a warlock. He is dangerous. Even he said that he might lose control. For goodness sake, the poor man traps himself inside of a dungeon made of Lotham stones because those are special stones that warlocks cannot escape from unless somebody else demolishes them. He cannot leave this prison even if the guards open the door and tell him to leave.
Bunky runs his fingers through his hair. I think of the time his lips brushed against mine. I remember his warm musky scent. “I ain’t what I seem,” He murmurs in a melancholy tone.
My heart pinches. “Are you putting me under a spell?” I ask, feeling out of control.
“Sometimes I, uh, can’t stop my yearnings. I sold my soul to the devil, you see. It’s the way the Unith Coven initiates. You know? Slaves of Satan are risky.” he says in a rough tone as he stands up. “Yo, Vanille—I’m sorry about that.”
Blood rushes into my heart and I am flooded with painful emotions. Bunky caresses the side of my cheek with his hand. Butterflies flutter in my stomach.
“I feel what you feel, Vanille. Those, you know, sensations—me too.” Is he saying we are one and that when I feel something, he feels it too? As I contemplate the emotion in my gut, Bunky seems to whisper something under his breath. His luscious lips lift into an enigmatic grin that seems to flood my stomach with more butterflies. The fluttery feeling feels utterly intense within me. It’s like a wave of energy has entered me and all at once, to my utter shock, actual real live butterflies shoot out of my mouth and belly fluttering all around the cell. I feel stunned! What is happening to me? I feel like I might hyperventilate.
“We feel the same thing. I tell you I am treacherous.” His cheeks redden as he gazes at the winged beings fluttering before our faces.
Scuffling to my feet, I wonder if they are real or if he caused me to hallucinate somehow. Then he looks at my face, gazing into my eyes. “Yup,” he says wryly. “You got butterfly eyes.”
My jaw drops. I try to steady my wobbling knees. Maybe I should crawl back through the hole and never return. Something within me won’t let me leave. “What do you mean?” I manage to ask still hardly able to breathe. My mind whirls.
“I see the reflections of the butterflies in those blue eyes you got. I do. You know?”
To my shock, I cannot help but giggle lightly. My tolerance is absurd and seems totally unlike me. The imagery he describes in my eyes feels splendorous even though my thoughts tell me it should not. I cannot fathom how he could feel the sensation of butterflies in my stomach that I was feeling toward him and then manifest my feelings into seeming physical reality. “I do not understand how you did that.”
He arches a dark brow. “Emotions brings forth things.”
I feel more than confused, but I watch the butterflies in his chamber. I am not normal. As much as I yearn for Bunky, I fear I cannot trust him. That is sanity. But when his sad eyes bore into me as they are now, I long to touch him. His incredible abilities and his attractiveness and all his mannerisms set me on fire.
The butterflies appear to settle down and rest on the edge of the bathtub. I dig into the black fur rug with my fingernails.
“I hate this robe,” I say in exasperated irritation. Can you magically dress us in nice-looking garments?” I ask, half teasing, as I glance down at my drab brown wrap.
He cocks his head sideways, humorously. “Hmmn…” His face appears filled with sarcasm. “I ain’t allowed, but, uh, you know, for you...” A smile lifts on his face. “I can, you know, use a shave also.”
I giggle at the idea. I should not be laughing. From what I recall, Bunky was even better looking, if that is even conceivable, without the beard.
“I wish you would go away,” he mumbles, misery catching in his voice. “I really don’t want to harm you, Vanille, but I don’t know if I can control myself.”
Cold fingers crawl up my spine. I am sure I am idiotic to associate with a warlock, but I feel I am powerless. I am undeniably falling in love with Bunky. I wonder if he will kill me when he is done with me. Why is this funny to me?
“Well…alright. Here goes.” The blood appears to drain from his face as he seems to glide into meditation. I watch his gold eyes and find it peculiar how they seem to shine and glimmer like jewels. It appears as if he mumbles words in maybe the same foreign language I overheard him using in his sleep quite a while ago as I listened from the opposite side of the stone wall. I wonder what language he uses for his magic.
Taking me by surprise, the drab robe falls to my feet and before I know it, I see myself clad in an elegant white gown with a chunky necklace of diamonds around my neck. Sparkles seem to surround me for an instant and then disintegrate into the air.
I glance at Bunky and he appears to be garbed in a black fighter suit that accentuates his perfect physique. As he hinted moments ago, his beard vanished, and he looks neatly shaven. His overgrown, black hair appears effortlessly trimmed. I must catch my breath. He is absolutely the most attractive man on Earth.
He gazes at me with dreamy eyes. “You, uh, look like a princess.”
To my embarrassment, again I blush. “Thanks,” I mumble awkwardly, waving my face with my hand. “You look like a dome hero.” Why did I say that? I feel tongue tied in his unfathomable presence.
His demeanor seems suddenly playful. “I want to, you know, feed you. Huh?” He struts over to the platter of delicacies and mysterious drinks. “Fear not. I ain’t gonna serve bat eyes.”
I snort. My hand flies to my mouth.
“This is Zolo.”
“What is Zolo?”
He sifts his fingers through a silver serving bowl of what appears to contain fine, flaky crystals of some substance. “When warlocks are initiated into a coven, they are forced to eat Zolo. It tastes like whatever you want it to taste like.”
“Really?”
Holding the bowl out to me, he nods. “Imagine, you know, the taste you want to, um, eat and then put a little, you see, of the Zolo on your tongue.”
I imagine my favorite chocolate mousse and put a small amount of the crystal flakes in my mouth. My head jerks upward. “Whoa! Delicious! The smooth creamy texture melts in my mouth. Zolo tastes exactly like the chocolate mousse I loved as a child. It’s been so long since I have enjoyed this desert.”
Over the course of the next half hour or so, we relish in imagining various gourmet flavors that transmute out of the tiny crystals of Zolo. “Close your eyes,” Bunky says in a soft tone.
The skin all over my body seems to prickle with goosebumps as I shut my eyes. It’s difficult to refrain from pulling him into my arms and pressing my lips against his.
“Now, uh, open your mouth.”
Trying to steady my breath, I obey. Slowly I open my lips and push out my tongue slightly. I cannot read his expression as he places the flakes of Zolo on my tastebuds. “It’s sweet sparkle water. Good—huh?” he says in his deep bull-like voice.
At once the flakes pop and bubble in my mouth just like the popular drink everyone used to love from the miniways before the downfall. I giggle at the sugary sensations on my tongue. Is he drugging me?
“My turn,” I say excitedly. “Close your eyes and open your mouth.” I am glad that his eyes are closed because my hand trembles as I put the crystals on his tongue. I try to think of what he might like other than raw steak. “It’s pizza!”
He laughs as he chomps the perfect crust and seems to savor the sauce and cheese. “Best pizza ever!” he teases. “You got good cookin’ skills, Vanille.”
I guess that the smile on my face may be the biggest it has ever been. “After the awful prison meals, eating Zolo is like tasting heaven.”
Bunky chortles at that. “Or like tasting hell,” he murmurs facetiously.
I feel unsure whether I ought to laugh or wail at his joke, but I am loving this too much to worry about it. But even with that, a question pops into my head. “I am curious. In which language do you create your magic?”
“Curious little mermaid you are,” he teases me the way he did the other night. “Maybe I’ll tell you some day.”
I toss my hair and roll my eyes, not sure how to respond to his play. “What do I have to do to receive an answer?”
His eyes narrow as he smiles, but he does not respond.
“I will get it out of you in time,” I tease him now. It becomes trying for me to concentrate because the music begins possessing my mind. I feel this strong lust to break free of the dungeon and to rush to the lake with Bunky.
To my surprise, when I look at him, he smiles slightly, as if he somehow knows my longing for him. The light of the fire flickers across his stunning face as he watches me. I can hardly breathe again. His eyes look fiery gold with tiny flecks of light in them, reminding me of mystical things. I sense something highly lethal within his essence that frightens me to the very core. It is like maybe one day he will just snap and kill me like the warlocks in the metropolis did to the girls I released from the cage. Maybe I am under a spell because beyond all rational, I long to kiss him more than anything in the world. I sense the danger, but my yearnings feel too intense to resist him.
The light of the flames glowing from the fireplace create ominous shadows on Bunky Ohare’s face now. My eyes well up with tears. When I gaze at his gorgeous, large body and observe him watching me, seemingly measuring my every thought, I long to reach out to him. Something is not right. I yearn to touch his soft lips. I can feel his breath engulfing my body. His entire essence permeates the chamber. I feel his pain as if it were my own. We must be one. I am his slave.
I hear a woman’s laughter in my mind. I look over to the bathtub and see an apparition of the same woman I saw the other day after I turned into a mermaid. Who is she?

23
Sitting on the floor, I glance down at my lunch tray. I feel like I am under a spell as parboiled eyeballs glare up at me. They seem a little blood shot causing me to ponder how the possessor of the eyes was killed. Shutting the lids of my own eyes, I bite into one of the soused earth worms beside the main course. The plump creature tastes gooey to me, but worse than that, I wish the worm did not taste so sour. My mouth puckers as I chew. I cannot even attempt trying the eyeballs, especially after Bunky said he thinks they might be lizard or bat eyes. I gulp down my entire mug of vinegared wine in one long guzzle.
Feeling a bit woozy from the meal and a bit dreamy after last night, I push the tray back in front of the slider on the door so that it is ready for retrieval. I do not want to be punished. I tilt my head up and look at the sun shining through the window way, way, way up high. Light pours through the skylight into my chamber. Noon is my favorite time of the day. I love seeing the light and basking in its warmth.
I sit on the floor under the sunlight and think about the night prior. Lotham stone keeps Bunky with me trapped away from the world in this dark tomb. I smile as I realize he can never leave. Maybe I do not long to escape from the dungeon after all. Today I feel like I could live here for eternity. I desire to be with Bunky Ohare forever away from civilization. Whatever price I must pay, whatever torture I must suffer to be with Bunky, I accept. Bunky Ohare is me and I am him. I am sure of this now more than anything I have ever been sure of in my existence.

When night falls and darkness descends upon me, I climb through the hole in the Lotham stone wall into Bunky’s chamber. My heart patters fast as I look for him. The warlock sits on the floor with a sphere of light elevated midair before his clean-shaven face.
“Yo, Vanille,” he murmurs softly with a wry smile.
Apparently, he feels the heat in my cheeks from afar or sees the pink glow in the dimness of the chamber because his grin lifts into a handsome smile that shows his perfect white teeth. Now that I am in love with Bunky, his face does not seem big anymore.
“Hello,” I mumble gracelessly as I stand there in my drab brown robe.
“I, uh, you know, worried maybe I frightened you away last night.” His character seems to change. I think his expression looks impassive or possibly just more serious.
I breathe in deeply. “Anything you express about yourself, Bunky Ohare, I accept.” I stare at his gold eyes guardedly as I sit down facing him. “You might scare me, but you will not frighten me away.”
At my admittance, Bunky’s eyes burn through me and the light orb between us elevates over our heads. He is utterly tantalizing. He extends his hand out to me. My body tenses and I touch his fingertips with one hand.
Electricity fires through my frame. To connect with Bunky like that, to feel his skin against mine, feels otherworldly. It seems as if I am joining with an advanced energy source that fills me with the life force I crave.
Throwing me off guard, Bunky raises one eyebrow and utters lightheartedly, “You, uh, ready for a ride, Vanille?”
Possibly I should not feel cheery at such a question, but a huge smile spreads across my face. I tingle in joy. “Being with you is what I want.” I am mortified that I spoke this way. My hands fly up to my face.
“Even, uh, you see, when I ain’t here physically, I, um, you know, I am linked to you.” At that, Bunky seems to examine me inquisitively, tilting his head to the side as if he is searching for something within me. “We are, you see, connected in mind and spirit. Huh?”
I nod shyly with my fingers on my lips. I guess I should not be mortified at how I spoke if he can talk like that. I try to keep my breathing steady, but it is deep and rapid. “We are connected in the music,” I say. My mind tickles and the slightest smile manifests on my face through my fingers.
“You have, uh, well, an interesting mind.” Bunky gazes down at my stomach. His gold eyes lift slowly up my neck.
I long to wrap my arms around him. Yet even simply sitting by him is enough.
The light of the sphere sparkles in his eyes. “I may be a punk, you know, but, uh, I want to know everything about you.” With that confession, his eyes glaze.
“About me?” I try not to laugh, but cannot help, but giggle. “You are going to be disappointed,” I say, still smiling. “I’m likely the dullest woman you have ever encountered, aside from the mermaid transformation, which is not appealing.” My eyes widen at that thought.
His eyes narrow in seeming skepticism. “Well, you know, not to me.” He grasps my hand. I feel barely able to concentrate as he implores me. “What’s your favorite flower?”
I feel like he is caressing my mind. I giggle again, biting my lower lip. I am not used to such attention. “I love flowers truly.”
“It’s the mermaid in you.” He folds his arms over his sensuous chest seeming amused.
I am not sure what flowers have to do with mermaids. “I like all flowers, but I especially like water lilies.”
He nods and I long for him to take my hand again. “Water lilies, uh, they grow at the forbidden lake.”
My mind lights up inside. I hear a piano sonata in my head. “Oh, that’s what you meant by mermaids liking flowers. The music in my mind beckons me to the lake. Do you hear it too?”
“Piano. I, uh, think. Ain’t no lute.” He stares at me powerfully and sits up straighter, retaking my hand, causing my body to heat. “This song, uh, you see, the piano right now, it calls us to the lake. Ain’t that right?
I nod.
You know why?”
My eyes widen and I shrug my shoulders. “Tell me.”
He presses his lips together and makes a facetious grin. “Maybe I’ll tell you.” Looking at my hair, his eyes trail down my down my body this time. “Maybe I won’t.” He looks back into my eyes.
“Ah, come on.” My throat tightens. “I don’t like secrets.”
He chuckles. “Yes, you do.”
My chin juts back and then my eyes shift side to side. He is messing with me. I try to think what I can withhold from him if he does not tell me. After a few moments of contemplation, I realize that it will take some thought.
He leans toward me. “Okay, Miss Cossette,” he murmurs into my ear. I feel the warmth of his breath.
“Go on,” I breathe, hardly able to speak.
“Uh, the bottom of the lake leads to somewhere.”
My body tingles. I look into his gold eyes, my face very close to his. Is he being honest? “Where does it lead?”
He places his palms on the floor behind him and leans back. “Unith Coven secret.”
His words disconcert me. “What do you mean?”
“The lake is, uh, bottomless.”
I feel perspiration forming at the edge of my widow’s peak on my forehead.
“If we, uh, you see, swim down very deep, after a while, there’s…something…”
“What’s there?” I interrupt.
His eyebrows pull together and his nostrils flare. He looks around the room as his body trembles. “At the bottom there’s an entrance.” His clean-shaven face pales. “I shouldn’t, uh, have, uh, told you.”
“Now am I in more danger?” I ask, wondering what is behind the entrance, but I am afraid to ask. It is apparent he won’t tell me yet.
“Yeah. You ain’t safe.” He lifts a dark eyebrow. “Ain’t this, uh, conversation supposed to be about me asking about Vanille Cossette.” His voice seems suddenly teasing, like he is trying to cover his feelings.
I am feeling dizzy again. He is not going to give in. “What do you want to know?” I ask in a slightly exasperated tone.
He stretches out on the floor and lays on his side, propping his head up with one hand while his elbow supports his large, muscular frame. “What, uh, don’t I, you know, want to know?”
Against my will, my cheeks burn all the way to my neck. The music pulsates in my mind. Stop! I need it to stop. The song transitions into organ music. The vocals feel entrancing against my will.
“Where are you, uh, the most ticklish?”
My lips purse together as my eyes widen. “Behind my earlobe,” I bite my lower lip and watch him lying on the floor.
“What would happen, you know, if I, uh, touched you there now?” He grins at me. “Would you, uh, laugh wildly?”
I feel my heart clench. “I might—test me.”
“Uh, maybe I will, but not now. I want to know more.” He pauses and glances up at the orb of light. “You smell good,” he says. “Is it your natural odor?”
“It is my own clandestine mermaid potion.”
“Ah, secrets,” he chuckles. “How do I, um, open your secret?”
“The secret only opens for a very select few.”
“Few?” He furrows his eyebrows. “So, uh, I hear you. Uh, how can a dummy like me become, you know, one of the select? Do I have to torture you with a voodoo doll? Do I have to walk over hot coals?”
Chills run up my spine. I think he is upset imagining me with another man. Really, he has nothing to worry about. “I was thinking maybe you would take me on a ride in a horse drawn carriage. Eternal fidelity and service would be good too.”
He chortles heartily. “Yes, my lady, I, um, pledge eternal love…” His cheeks flush. “…and, you know, slavish piety to unlock such secrets.” He sits up as he runs his fingers through his silky black hair. I think I hear him murmur something. His expression seems thoughtful as he extends his hand before me and releases a water lily from his palm.
I gasp as I watch the beautiful gift before my eyes.
The water lily rises in the air. Bunky blows it at me. It dissipates to sparkling dust.
My heart pounds. Every second with Bunky seems like bliss. It feels like I live in a fairy tale. I wonder if Bunky hears the same romantic violin sonata in his mind now as I do.
The night seems to rush by much too fast. By early twilight, Bunky seems to understand more about me than I imagined conceivable. I feel like I am wading in the clouds as I lie in his lap while he caresses my hair.
“I got breakfast for you,” he murmurs as an ironic smile lifts on his inexplicably attractive face. He seems to whisper some incantations and a gold platter of bizarre fruits manifest in his free hand. He spins the platter around on his finger friskily.
My eyelids lift as I giggle. “Quite some talent.”
“Yes, my lady.” His low, guttural voice seems poised.
He places the gold platter before us and feeds me a huge, bulbous grape. The intense flavor dances on my taste buds.
“Oh! The grape is delicious. Juicy,” I say with my mouthful and dripping.
“Israeli grapes, you know, from biblical times, you see, when the Hebrews go into Israel for the first time. Ain’t nothin’ tastes like it in our time. You hear what I’m sayin’?”
Oh, my! Before I gather my thoughts, we are suddenly startled. We hear footsteps storming down the dungeon stairwell. A guard must be coming to the chamber!

24
“Go!” Bunky commands me. At once, we both hurry to our feet. “Return to your chamber.”
A surge of adrenaline speeds through me. I am frightened we might be seen together in Bunky’s chamber. If one of the guards discover Bunky and me together he will probably torture us and then find a way to separate us forever.
My pulse rate seems much too fast. What if I hyperventilate? I hear the chamber door unlocking. Scrambling into the hole, I am about to attempt my way through the passage, but I hear the door open to Bunky’s chamber.
“To your feet.” I recognize Marabo’s gruff voice.
My foot is still sticking out of the hole as he orders Bunky. Quickly, I pull my foot inside as I crawl through and tumble to the floor on the other side. My heart races as I set the Lotham stones back in the hole.
I am winded from the urgency. Trying to not make a sound, I listen to Marabo speak through the stone wall over the faint music playing in my mind. “Lice inspection,” Marabo says to Bunky as I envision him setting his lantern down on the stone floor. “Robe off for the check.” Apparently, Marabo did not see me.
I do not catch Bunky’s reply, but then Marabo falls into a sudden fury. “Where did this come from?” A lot of racket ensues. I think he picks something up and then it seems as if he throws it.
My fingernails dig into my legs. Bunky does not seem to respond to Marabo. Then it dawns on me. I grasp what the guard seems to be raging over. Marabo likely discovered the gold tray of bizarre fruits that Bunky manifested to his chamber. In the chaos of the moment, Bunky probably neglected to vanish it.
“Who gave these edibles to you?” Marabo asks in a threatening tone. “Octavina would never gift you. She believes in the system and does not reward the prisoners who have betrayed the colony.” I hear Marabo’s footpaths as he examines the cell. “This is not normal fruit. We do not grow this in the forest. Strange fruit.  I have never seen anything like these.”
“Let me enlighten,” Bunky says coolly.
“Sorcery,” Marabo’s crotchety voice shakes. “Only the witches and warlocks can do tricks like this. It is magic. They are hedonists. I know about their overindulgence.”
I keep hoping Bunky will give a convincing explanation to placate Marabo, but Bunky seems to keep silent.
“You are not a warlock,” Marabo says in a trembling voice.
“I ain’t no bum,” Bunky’s tone seems satirical.
Then Marabo shrieks. The sound rattles me to the bone. It feels disconcerting overhearing such a big bullying man wail out in that way. After that, Bunky yells. A shuffle ensues. The sounds of fists pounding on bare skin smack through the walls. Is Marabo beating Bunky with his bare hands? I fear for Bunky’s life. The shakes overtake me as I hear the noise of bones snapping and crunching and then there is only a heart wrenching silence.
With my fingers over my lips, I fall to my knees on the floor, holding back my cries. My body shakes. What has Marabo done to Bunky? Tears stream down my face. I cannot even help myself. I pull the Lotham stones from the hole in the partition between us and climb through to Bunky’s chamber. The thought of living without Bunky feels unbearable. I would give up my own life for his. I must rescue Bunky.
When I tumble awkwardly into the chamber, Marabo is on the floor beside his lit lantern with his large frame twisted something awful. He does not move. He is surely dead.
Panicked, I swing around to find Bunky. I see him in the dim light. I gasp. His face is bleeding and the skin around his eyes is severely swollen and pink. A hue of red light surrounds him. His eyes look demonic almost like he is possessed. I flinch and cower away. My heart jackhammers against my chest.
I take in a quick, painful breath. “Bunky?” I stare at him. “Are you okay?”
His body shudders. “Yo, Vanille,” he says in a hoarse voice. He lifts his arm out with his hand up as if to tell me to keep away from him. He walks over to the far wall and places his head against it. “I killed him,” he says not looking at me, “He ain’t gonna hurt you no more. You know?”
I am not sure how to respond. In a sense, I am relieved Marabo is dead. I despise him for trapping me in the pitch-black crate before my public sentencing. He humiliated me by not letting me dress. After my conviction, Marabo mistreated Mum. And the man abused me in the dungeon. Maybe he deserved to die. But even with all that in consideration, his death will likely put Bunky in danger. I worry about what might happen to Bunky when the guards discover Marabo missing.
When I glace into Bunky’s golden eyes, they seem to glisten. “That was fun.” He motions to the dead body on the stone floor.
I feel shock as I watch a big smile lift on his face. “Do you like murdering people?” Even though I am still trembling, I attempt to implore with seeming indifference so not to reveal the alarm ringing in my mind.
“Huh? Do snakes like the bite?” He shrugs his shoulders. “It ain’t murder.”
“You’re right, I guess. I assume it was self-defense. Right?” I look over at the brutally mangled body on the floor. Fear rears its head up inside of me.
“Hey, Vanille. You, uh, scared of me?” The tone of his voice seems cautious now.
That frustrating lump forms in my throat that I seem to have no control over, and I have trouble answering. “Should I be?”
His countenance falls to gravity. “You got it—definitely afraid of me.”
“Bunky, it’s not you that I’m frightened of. My alarm is of what the other guards could do to you when they see Marabo dead on the floor.”
The slightest trace of a smile lifts on his face as he exhales. “No worries. I got that covered.” He laughs.
At that, a queasy sensation begins to wade in my belly. “What do you have in mind?”
“Uh…” He runs his long fingers through his silky black hair. “…eat him.”
My chin juts back involuntarily. “No!”
Staring at my pale face, he laughs.
I have heard that Satanists drink blood. “Are you being flippant?” I inquire with trepidation. He must be playing around though I feel the annoying perspiration forming on my widow’s peak.
A sinister grin seems to form on his alluring face. “Hey, you know, dead people ain’t my choice of dinner. More fun when they’re alive. You know?”
At that I lift my hands to my cheeks and widen my eyes.
“Hey, I’m kidding.” His voice sounds unyielding.
“Big relief. Really, I am not sure about anything with you.” I wipe the sweat off my forehead with the back of my hand. “Full of surprises. At least, I can have peace of mind knowing that you don’t eat people alive.”
“Nah. Not me.” he chuckles and shakes his head.
“Can you clue me in on your plan for Marabo’s carcass if you are not going to consume it?”
He shrugs as he grimaces. “I ain’t got no idea yet.”
My eyes widen. “You’re saying you offed Marabo without a plan?”
“Huh. You were here. Yeah? You saw how it played out.” Bunky sits down on the edge of the bathtub. “Maybe we outa chop him up. It’s somethin’. Wash the pieces down the drain. You know?” His eyes narrow as he looks at me.
I place my hands on my hips. “Your jokes are killing me.”
“Well, you see, I am serious.” His nose wrinkles. “I ain’t kiddin’.”
“I don’t think I could handle that. How about making Marabo’s body disappear with magic?”
“Nah. Only works with my concoctions. Not something that shows naturally.” He seems pensive.
“Okay, then can you cover Marabo with a blanket so I can stop glancing at him?”
“For you? Yeah.” Standing up, he lifts his hands and seems to chant under his breath, so I cannot hear what he says.
To my bewilderment, a decadent velvet blanket with sapphires and rubies falls from midair and covers Marabo’s corpse effortlessly.
“Whoa. You lavish your deceased adversaries in luxury.” Aside from the jeweled accompaniments, the blanket is fringed in silver tassels.
“Maybe I oughta bury him in rats instead.” he grins sardonically before continuing with the hardly audible chants or spells.
A massive gravestone manifests with gigantic stone wings spreading from the upper edge. Silver roses blossom up from the floor, neighboring the departed.
“Not bad.” I nod in consent.
Bunky seems thoughtful again. “Octavina ain’t gonna like this graveyard. You know what I’m sayin’?” He rubs his chin. I am not used to seeing him without a beard.
I look over at the memorial. “Cast it to the abyss. We should not take chances with our lives. Plus, I do not want to suffer the electrocution of her baton ever again.”
“Or the whippings. You know?” He digs his fingers into his hair and looks up at the darkened skylight. “I’ll tell Octavina that Marabo croaked from a stroke…”
I raise my eyes upwards and shake my head. “And when Marabo fell over from the stroke, all his bones broke?” My tone is sarcastic.
Gazing at me he tilts his head to the side and grins. “Bad idea. Eh?”
“Seems like there is no solution.” I sit down on the edge of the bathtub beside Bunky, attempting to ignore my battling heart, the dizzying variety of instrumentals in my mind, and my overall vertigo from sitting so close to him. “If somebody sees the mangled corpse, one of us will likely be charged with murder. The penalty for manslaughter is public hanging.”
Bunky glances at me with his spellbinding gold eyes that seem to bore into my hidden self. “Hey,” he murmurs so close to me that I can feel his warm, delicious breath on my cheek. “I, uh, put myself in this prison to keep away from you.”
“Real nice,” I tease in mock remonstration.
He lifts an eyebrow glibly. “Yo, Vanille. I ain’t finished.”
“Okay.” My eyes focus on his. “Go on,” I encourage him.
“Look what’s goin’ on with us. Me and you, we are together most times. You know? So I’m thinkin’, you see, there ain’t no real point to us staying here no more.”
I feel my heart clench in my chest. “Life on the outside. You want it?” I fear if we break free from this prison, we might lose each other. Bunky might find other interests. I mean, I do not really compare to the kinds of women who likely throw themselves at him. He is way out of my league. Plus, I am a scaly mermaid. Who wants that?
His chin tilts down and he looks at me through his dark lashes. “Yeah. I do.” He nods. Listen, the chambers are Lotham stone from the Valley of Magic. You follow?”
Watching him assiduously I nod.
“Cause I am a warlock—huh?” His eyelids raise. “I only can come inside here, but I ain’t able to leave. You know? The only way out for a punk like me is if somebody else collapses the Lotham. So, I am thinkin’ you can cry real loud, Vanille. You know? I bet you can destroy the walls. A cataclysmic earthquake. You hearin’ me?”
I bite my lip before I respond. “I ponder about that sometimes.” Feeling nervous, I study his face. “I thought maybe you made the quakes with spells?”
“Nah.” He throws his head to the side. “You made them. Really.” He winks. “Not me.” He draws his hand up to his neck and rubs the skin.
“Me?” I drop my forehead in my hands for a short while attempting to grasp all that he has said and what he seems to be propositioning or suggesting. “If I can cry loud enough to make this cataclysmic earthquake you referred to, the Lotham walls will fall on us and likely crush our bodies.”
“I got the magic. Huh? You know, I always got somethin’ up my sleeve. I got shields to shelter us.”
“Wow!” My mind reels. That seems like a risky, yet possibly feasible plan. “What if we escape?” I glance at Bunky anxiously. “Where will we flee to?”
His face seems to light up with joy. “Bliss awaits. You and me! The world is open. But, hey, Vanille, we both know, the only place we gotta go is…”
“…to the lake.” My eyes shine as I complete his sentence.
“Live at the lake. How about it?” He nudges my shoulder.
My chin juts back. “Won’t President Zetler Hopskin and his army arrest us and then put us back in the prison or more likely execute us?”
“Not if those bums ain’t know we’re there.”
“This is wild. My mama? What about her? I don’t want to leave her in Hopskin’s colony. Mum must be bothered sick over me. I need her.”
“Let’s, uh, you know, rescue your mum.” His eyes droop. “Ain’t likely Shell will go with us. She forbids you to the lake. Remember? She maybe won’t, uh, go there too.” The corners of his lips turn down slightly.
I sigh and my shoulders slump. “Unfortunately, you are probably right. I know the colony won’t let us go to the lake, but before we even arrived in Presco Mountains, Mum forbid me to the lake. I don’t understand why.” I stare at Bunky inquisitively. “Maybe she knows something we don’t. Maybe the lake is a dangerous place.”
“There is a prophesy about you.”
“What?”
His eyes narrow as he seems to watch me carefully. “You are supposed to save the world.”
“It’s not a time for jokes.” I look over at Marabo’s headstone. “Mum must know I am a mermaid because she ambiguously cautioned me about puberty. I am confused about how she knew. Did someone tell her I am a mermaid?”
Bunky’s gold eyes sparkle as he watches me. “Hey, I’m guessing there’s more goin’ on than you think.” He turns his head and looks at me from the corners of his eyes. “I got a surprise for you, Miss Cossette.”
My eyes widen. “What is it?” I try to suppress my smile, but I am curious.
“Well, when we get to the lake. You may not like the surprise.”
“Why not?” I feel worried.
He grins. “Heck.” He pauses. “You might like it. Let’s see. Mermaids ain’t simple minded. You know?” His lower lip seems to push out infinitesimally into maybe a pout. I wonder what is going through his mind, but I get distracted when he runs his long finger down my cheek.
I feel my body flame. I hunger to kiss his lips more than anything I ever wanted in my whole life. My body prickles all over. Just looking into his gold eyes makes me want to die simply to gain relief. How sick is that? The vocal tune turns amatory in my mind. I can barely stand it.
Maybe Bunky senses my hunger for him because he leans into me and our lips touch lovingly. I feel faint and elated simultaneously. His lips feel soft and the way he caresses my hair provokes me to higher realms of desire.
Unexpectedly and all at once, the chamber door swings open. In the desire of our embrace, Bunky and I did not hear the warning sounds of footsteps on the stairwell nor the sound of the key turning. Octavina in her usual pink uniform walks inside the chamber with a controlled, serene expression on her round face. She holds the baton and the whip in her hands and tilts her head forward slowly. Her eyes lift with her chin locked in position.
 
25
Octavina’s cold steel eyes widen and expand slightly when she looks with hardly detectable incense at Bunky and then at me as we sit on the edge of the bathtub. I wipe my lips with my fingers. Bunky tousles his hair with his hands. Sucking in a sharp breath, I scoot away from Bunky just an inch or so.
“The Presco Mountain Colony does not allow inmates to congregate together.” Octavina says in her feminine sugarcoated voice that is just above a whisper. She looks over at the monstrous gravestone, the velvet layer over Marabo’s corpse, and the garden of flora. “This is not normal,” she says breathing in. Her controlled tone hints at panic. “Witches!” Her chin makes a half circle as she drops her whip and clasps her electrical rod. Without hesitation, she flips the switch and directs the baton at Bunky.
To my shock, Bunky falls to the Lotham flooring. I feel dumbfounded. I expect him to kill the woman with an incantation if that is even possible. Yet to my bewilderment, apparently it is not. Bunky twitches in the strong electrical current.
My adrenaline rushes. I scream. The resonance of my scream lifts to the highest of pitches, accelerating and accelerating in volume at a monumental pace. With all my might I shove the solid, colossal lady. Octavina staggers headfirst in the wave of the upheaval and my thrust as the floor begins shuddering. The electrical rod shoots from her hands. I see it roll across the floor as the Lotham stones shake in thunderous roar. The lady attempts to recoup her poise.
Clasping onto the tub for support, I see Bunky rise to his feet. His body sways to the side. He seems confused as his eyes glaze and roll vaguely. He appears to regain his balance and maintain a somewhat stable posture. To my surprise, he reaches for the electric rod. Unable to grasp it fully, he seems to fumble with it in his hands as the dungeon quakes.
Dust from the Lotham stones litters the air causing the room to have a hazy look. A beam from the upper limit near the skylight falls. It just misses my head by a half meter. I am unable to halt my persistent scream even though I desire to. It seems that the sounds have stolen my control.
Once Bunky gains a strong grip on the rod, he rapidly makes his way over to the female guard. When he approaches Octavina beside the entryway, he flips the switch and aims the baton at her body.
The woman crumples to the shaking floor. Her grey bun unravels from her head. Her body goes into spasms. She writhes and contorts. Bile spews from her lips.
Bunky tosses the electrical rod. An unexpected smile lifts on his handsome face. He presses his lips together and nods. In a rush, he seizes a cut stone that must have collapsed amid some newly dislodged wreckage. With the sharp stone in his grasp, he swings his arm back in fluid momentum and stabs it ferociously into Octavina’s eye.
My hands fly to my face as I see the act, but the escalation of my overwhelming screams pitch my head backwards, opening a bigger passageway for the ever-escalating sounds that are reaching astounding pinnacles. The scream lifts higher and higher out of my lips without my guidance.
I struggle to alter my body position to gain a securer hold on the bathtub. When I glance at Octavina, I observe that her face looks drenched in blood. Her mouth appears open and twisted in horror. She claws upwards at the air.
Bunky swings the rock back again as if to further ravage Octavia with the cut stone, but the flooring severs away, opening, and propelling him against the Lotham stone wall.
With Bunky at a distance, the female guard attempts to drag herself out of the chamber door but tumbles onto her backside with the quake.
Bunky makes his way over and reaches for the lady’s arm. He is thrown backwards before grasping her. He rolls toward me as the Lotham floor rolls in powerful waves now.
Recapturing her position, the female guard struggles to crawl through the chaos. A portion of the ceiling falls onto her back, yet she appears to refuse surrender. As she drags her stomach over the wreckage, the skin on her underside tears across the jagged edges of the stones. Blood streams forth, but Octavina thrives in her persistent resolve to make her way out of the chamber alive.
With the guard out of the shambled cell, my thoughts switch from watching her to how much I loathe her and the others. Feelings of hatred consume me as I think about Octavina, President Zetler Hopskin and Belzera Lampeer. The more I fill with suffering and abhorrence, the more overpoweringly concentrated my wails become. The brutality of thought seems to be the vital impetus to breakdown the dungeon. I think of Mum. A frantic longing to reunite with my mama pierces through my head. I miss my dog, Bipsy, too. With that force of energy, the building thrusts aggressively from side to side.
I feel petrified that the roof will crush us. And just as the dungeon starts to crash down, Bunky throws his body over mine and wrenches the bathtub out of the foundation and over the top of us. I suppose the tub is his impression of a shield. I was anticipating the armor would be more grandiose, enchanted, and secure, but I cannot even stop my high-pitch cries to comment.
Lotham stones and support beams crash down upon the backside of the bathtub. Dust gets in my eyes causing them to sting. I fear for our lives. Something slams atop our shield with a thunderous roar and splits the underside of the tub apart, yet we seem remarkably unharmed. The split basin appears to still afford enough guard to maintain our safety.
My wails cease and I hear Bunky invoking magic indistinctly near my ear. I find some relief in the feel of the rise and fall of his chest on top of my body. Bunky’s mumbles fade. I press my eyelids down firmly. He groans and cautiously boosts the porcelain shield parts off our bodies, throwing the bulky pieces over the sides of the wreckage and ruins that have crashed around us in the collapse.
I raise my eyelids. Without a roof and with most of the dungeon walls destroyed, dust wafts outward into the sky. Now that my screams and wails have ceased, I cough. My throat feels dry and parched. The destruction looks outrageous and spectacular to the eyes. Beneath the night sky, I exhale a sigh of relief and look at Bunky feeling in awe. It feels astonishing to be thriving and in the outside after living inside a dungeon for so long. I can hardly fathom the situation.
The music feels entirely more concentrated and entrancing now in the open air, with the natural world before us. So many emotions! I hunger more than ever for the forbidden lake as the splendorous concerto orchestrates in my head.
“Vanille,” Bunky murmurs as he places his fingers softly to my neck.
I smile wide at his touch and the overall wonder.
Bunky assists me off the ground and lifts me by the waist over a heap of chippings and debris. “Steady,” he says in his low, guttural voice as I wobble to a more level surface.
Gaining my balance, I position myself on top of the refuge as Bunky makes his way over to me in his heavy-footed manner, reminding me that even with all his powers, he is human. He extends his hand out to me and when I grasp his fingers, butterflies flutter excitedly in my gut. In a rush they shoot out of my mouth and belly button, fluttering out of the side overlap of my chamber robe, and into the air before us.  I burst out chortling as we clamber over the stone expanse together. My cheeks heat with my overt testament to my feelings.
After the butterflies fly away, I say in a heartfelt manner, “Thank you, Bunky,” because I feel euphoric that we are utterly free from our sorrowful lives of imprisonment. “I am so joyful!” I glance at Bunky with glistening eyes, thankful to see the full moon overhead and the shining stars in the black sky. It has been so long since I have seen them in the open air. Stunning! The night breeze, though dusty, rushes across my face in a way that I have not felt in a long time. I love the feeling. “We are free!”
Bunky grins affectionately at me. “Vanille, you did it. That was, you know, a real wailer!” His eyes widen as he presses his lips together and nods his head in apparent approval.
“We ought to rush,” I say coughing from the debris particles in the air. My throat feels a bit tender from my shrieks and wails, but other than that I feel elated and hopeful. Even if we are killed for escaping at least I get to be outside under the great expanse once again. I never thought I would enjoy the outdoors ever again. And now here I am!
But even though I want to bask in this monumental moment and cannot seem to wipe the huge smile off my face, I know our lives depend on our vital actions that lay ahead. We must act fast or we will be captured. “The colony leaders will likely scrutinize the demolition soon,” I say to Bunky. “Certainly, the colony must have heard the pandemonium of the prison falling.”
“Let me carry you,” he offers.
I giggle. “Sounds tempting,” I tease through my laughter. “But I got this.”
Bunky shrugs with his lips tight. “Warrior mermaid…” He seems to examine me for a moment. “…in a prison robe. Hey, let me, uh, put ya in sturdy clothes. Huh? I ain’t want those bushes or thorns to scratch you.”
My heart heats as I chuckle. “Please do.” I think it is sweet, yet a little silly that he worries about my skin getting scratched after nearly being smashed alive in the dungeon collapse. I then look down at my body and see how absurd I appear standing in the real world in my chamber robe.
Turning his back to me, he seems to mumble under his breath an incantation. My robe falls to the dirt. When I glance down at my body to see how he dressed me, I burst out laughing. I am wearing all sorts of mermaid accessories from children’s dome cinema animaion: a zigbit shell necklace that lights up around my neck, a neon starfish bikini top over my chest, a sequined clamshell pocketbook dangling from my shoulder. I feel the weight of something on the top of my head, so I lift it off. Rolling my eyes, I hold a sparkly tiara out to him with a holographic whale that flashes on and off. “Really?” I say sarcastically. “Very funny. You expect me to run for my life in this childish costume?”
He beams glibly at me. “I ain’t a no good sorcerer—right?” With that aside, he mumbles another invocation, and we are suddenly both clad in black button down stretch jumpsuits with steel warrior boots. The foundation of the shoes feels surprisingly comfortable.
Tossing my hair, I bite my lower lip. “Not too shabby.” I nod in approval.
Now with our new cool wears, we hike out of the wreckage and remains toward the forest. I can smell the scent of pine and leaves. I love that natural fragrance.
“This way,” Bunky says. He takes my hand, and we run through the saplings, foliage, and trees and then along the edge of a stream. The rush of water excites me. The full moon illuminates the leaves overhead and gives light to our footings. But overriding even my ignited senses, the music strums in my head and I hunger to douse in the lake.
“I hear something,” I pant. My heart jackhammers against my chest.
Bunky nods, his eyes wide.
We pick up our pace as we hear rustling in the trees, voices, and advancing footsteps. I wonder if I am going to have a heart attack, I am so scared. My heart feels constricted at the same time as it accelerates. It sounds like a horde of colony adherents are moving toward the demolished dungeon and even worse than that, they seem to be headed toward Bunky and me!
Bunky seizes me and covers my lips with his hand. He scoops my body up off the mossy earth in one arm. “Silence.” He whispers as a command. And then, with me pressed up against him, my body feeling a mix of sensations, he climbs up with his free hand and feet into the dense leaves of a super high tree like a giant gorilla in fast, but cloddish motion.
He crouches on a limb of the tree with my body in one of his arms in stillness as the horde of some recognizable and some not recognizable faces passes below. My adrenaline rushes as my emotions nearly rip my heart out. Will I see my mama? I wonder about this. Is she in the gang of colony members? I do not see her yet.
I see President Zetler Hopskin at the front of the crowd carrying a torch of fire in the dark woods casting a golden glow on the group. From the somewhat distorted glimpse I have of him, it appears as if he is beginning to lose his hair. His body looks older and seems to sag. Some of the colony members appear to be also carrying lit torches. From my view up high, it seems like maybe the whole colony is participating.
My throat tightens when I spot Belzera Lampeer holding a torch. Vengeance rears its head within me, as I watch Belzera pass by with her beauty and tall lustrous body along with loquacious Sasham and Zopra. I dig my fingernails into the sides of my legs as I control my impulse to jump down on top of Belzera and strangle her throat. Bunky must sense my rage because he holds me by the shoulder which seems to escalate my passions. With a thread of mental strength that feels like it could break at any moment, I control myself somehow.
I watch the chef and some gardeners. Even their wives and children accompany the colony. I am surprised how many people I do not recognize. How many new people have joined this insane group? It is upsetting that the colony has grown this fast. Communities like this should not thrive.
My heart falls and my body floods with warmth. I see my dear mama. Mum. I want to reach out and hug her. She appears to have aged since I saw her at the gathering where I was sentenced. Mum’s brown eyes look swollen and weary. Her long brown curly tresses are chopped just past the edge of her chin. Her hair seems disheveled and greasy. She walks downtrodden with a hefty man who has a big stomach. He clasps her arm as they trek. I suspect intimacy between them. Maybe he is her partner. I wonder if they are married. I clench my teeth at the thought.
Even though I long to call out to Mum, I feel slightly calmed that no colony members have detected our presence above. The relief seems wasted because just at that recognition, one tense girl with tangled ponytails and a frown in her obscure eyes marks off at the end of the horde. She seems like a troublemaker. She raises her head and looks up into the tree.
“Hello! Lookie here. Monsters up there. Hey people,” the girls gets louder and louder with each exclamation. She jumps up and down and points in our direction. “Monsters in the tree.”
In a sudden rush and before the colony can come for us, Bunky scrambles down the trunk, ape-like, with my body still clutched in one arm. He seizes the girl and breaks her neck in one swift measure. Without even a struggle, she drops like a rag doll to the mossy earth.
I cringe. I feel shocked as I look at the dead corpse. Before the colony tries to capture us, Bunky takes off with me in his arms at a remarkable, yet heavy-footed pace away from the crowd. He crashes over bamboo, young palms, and bushes at animal speed still reminding me of a gorilla in his black form-fitted outfit. My stomach rolls at such a jarring fast pace. I wonder if I will throw up.
The running continues for a while. The colony is surely going to murder us especially after Bunky just killed one of their kids. I am upset that he killed her. She was a stupid kid with her whole life ahead of her.
Eventually Bunky slows down. I recognize the clearing, remembering my dreadful sentencing. My mama cried and begged for me, but nobody helped us. Nobody. Now Bunky nears the log cabins.
“I know a cave here,” he says to me. “You and me will keep inside. The people will come back. We will get your mum. You know? Later.”
My body trembles as Bunky carries me into the cave. It is dark and sour smelling inside. The thoughts of insects and animals that must be lurking in the stale obscurity frightens me. Bunky sets me down. I feel something brush past my leg. I yelp. “A snake,” I whisper and grab onto him.
“Come,” he murmurs, taking me by the hand and guiding me to another spot in the cave. He sits down on the dusty ground and sets me on his lap.
I lean against his body finding comfort in the rise and fall of his chest. Maybe I should feel scared of Bunky after watching him kill a young girl, but it is like I am in a trance and my yearning for Bunky and the lake overrides all. I know what he did was wrong. The music moans in elated increase in my mind. I barely contain myself from begging Bunky to run with me straight to the lake.
I attempt to alter my thoughts to divert myself from my wishes and regrets. “What did you think when you saw my mama?” I implore. I wonder what his expression conveys in the blackness of the cave.
“Sadness.” Bunky pulls me closer to him which soothes the ache in my chest. “Maybe she worries you’re dead from the quake or maybe hurt. You know?”
“Ugh. I did not think of that. My poor mama.” The earthquake probably upset the colony. They must assume it was a natural disaster. “I wonder if the ground shook at the cabins.”
“Not too strong at the cabins. Huh? Ain’t like they don’t hear the rocks fallin’. Musta been crazy. Right? That’s why those punks runnin’ to the dungeon now.” It is too dark in the cave to see the expressions on his face.
“Do you know if Octavina died,” I ask, feeling nervous that the snake might slither up on us. “She looked pretty hurt.” I think of the eye wound and cringe.
“Problem if she don’t die cause she’ll sell us out. Huh?”
My hand flies to my lips. “Oh, right. Octavina accused us of being witches when she saw Marabo’s grave set up.” It’s not like I forgot, it is just that I am processing so much that my attention is in multiple places simultaneously.
“Your mum will clear you. But for me, I ain’t sure,” he whispers without much inflection.
“The leaders will kill us or in the very least torture us for escaping regardless if they think we are coven members. Regarding your standing as a practitioner of magic, Mum will abhor you if she finds out you are a warlock.”
“I ain’t got no chance with Shell Cossette,” Bunky says gravely.
My heart clenches at his comment. I lay against his warm chest and wipe my eyes in the dark. “Maybe Octavina is dead,” I whisper. “Then Mum won’t know.”
*
After midnight, upon the colony’s return from the collapsed dungeon, we brace ourselves in the cave attempting to listen to muted conversations about the colony members’ findings at the prison. Some people seem to talk about needing to rebuild another dungeon. It sounds like some of the people have been assigned to clearing the area while others will be constructing a more secure facility. There seems to be some complaining about the hard work ahead and the unfairness of job placements. Other than that sort of talk, we do not hear whether Octavina survived or if they discovered Marabo’s body yet. The community seems to drift back to their cabins to sleep through the dark after midnight hours. Bunky and I wait until silence strikes before we make our move.
“Keep quiet,” Bunky warns as we walk over to Mum’s cabin.
My pulse races as I look around outside hearing only the sounds of crickets and the rustling of the wind in the leaves. The moonlight illuminates the way for us. We step up onto the porch of our cabin. I try the door handle, but it doesn’t open. “How can we get in?”
“I got this,” Bunky mumbles under his breath. To my surprise, he whispers something that I cannot discern. A thin needle or narrow strip of metal appears in his hand. He seems to use the tool to pick the lock to the front door and we creep into Mum’s cabin. The lanterns are unlit, and the fore room seems nearly pitch-black inside.
I feel around for some matches next to the lantern on the tabletop where we used to place them. My body is so tense. The matches are here just like they always were in the past. With my hand shaking, I light the lantern and a soft yellow light brightens the fore room. “Mum,” I whisper.
To my utter shock, Mum charges out of the kitchen wide eyed and lunatic toward Bunky with a hatchet in her hand. Bipsy runs out of the bedroom barking in her tiny high-pitched way at Mum. My mama must have been waiting for Bunky and me to come to the cabin. I feel temporarily paralyzed from horror.
With all her might, Mum swings the blade of the hatchet at Bunky, but he ducks. I gasp and rush toward Mum hoping to stop her. But before I reach her, with Bipsy still barking, Mum swings at Bunky again. My heart twists in my chest.
Even though Bunky is a big, heavy-footed man, his reflexes seem to accelerate somewhat. He misses the hit as he throws his body to the side. Mum is no match for a man like Bunky. She is foolish to try. I hope he does not hurt her. Bunky seizes the hatchet out of Mum’s hands.
Stumbling to the side, Mum recovers her equilibrium and then backs away. “Let my baby girl alone, you evil warlock.” Her eyes are bulging and wide. I can see the tiny red capillaries on the whites of her eyes. She backs against the wall trembling as Bipsy growls at Bunky.
“Mum, Bunky wants to help you. He will save us.” I hold my hand out to Bipsy, hoping to quiet her so she will not wake the colony members. Her hair is long and silky now.
Bipsy stops growling at Bunky and looks at me.
“Bipsy,” I call. “Come, girl.”
She looks at me and wags her tail, but she does not come. Maybe she remembers me.
“You are a lost woman, Vanille.” Tears well in my mama’s eyes. “Make Bunky leave,” she demands.
My face feels hot and my eyes are blurring. “I cannot be without him. Bunky and I want you to leave this corrupt colony with us.” I glance at Bunky and he nods.
“Ain’t ya see what this colony do to your daughter?” Bunky says to Mum. “The guards torture Vanille. President Hopskin lock her away in prison. We ain’t got to stay in a shady place like this. You know? Vanille gots to get out before they kill her. What’s their punishment for escaping? Badder than the dungeon, you bet.”
“Mum, I beg you—come with us.” I am crying and so is my mama. “I need you and I do not want be without you.”
Mum’s hands ball into fists and she wipes her face off with them. “I missed you, Vanille, but you should not have crossed the boundary line. And I cannot consent to your relationship with a warlock. Your boyfriend grossly disfigured Octavina. The poor woman. She relayed to the colony that you had intimate relations with Bunky. He is a necromancer. Tell the man to go. You and I will make our own way.”
“Vanille, we gotta go.” Bunky peers at me and motions with his hands. “Intruder comin’.”
I look out the front window and spot a man approaching Mum’s cabin. He carries a flaming torch in his hands. His belly sticks out pretty far and I am suspecting he is the same man I saw escorting Mum earlier in the night as we watched the colony pass by while we hid in the tree.
Mum yells really loud, “Vanille and the warlock are here! The prisoners are here! Come take them!”
The blood drains from my face. My knees nearly buckle from beneath me. How could my mama betray me? “Please,” I wail. “Please stop. Mum!” The cabin starts to tremble from my cry. I throw my hand over my lips and hold my breath.
Mum’s voice accelerates. “Bunky and Vanille are in my cabin! Get them!”
The guy with the torch nearing the cabin begins running and calling out to the colony, “Shell Cossette has the prisoners. Capture the necromancers!”
Bunky picks me up and cradles me in his arms again. In a rush, he sprints heavy footed out the front door. On his way out, he bumps the large, big-bellied guy down, but does not seem to hurt him seriously. “I’m bettin’ he’s Shell’s steady,” he mumbles in my ear as he sprints down the path toward the forbidden lake while clutching me in his arms.

26
Still cradling me, Bunky runs across the boundary line. Dawn seems to be approaching. The sky starts to change from black to dark blue and then to a vague grey as the sun reveals its early signs of morning light.
“Thank you for helping me. Put me down now,” I whisper restlessly as I consider Mum’s disloyalty. My body struggles with sadness. “I have this. I am okay hiking down the mountain myself.” I glance toward the cliff.
“I like carrying you.” With seeming reluctance, Bunky puts me on the ground. He seems worried about me. “The colony is after you and me. You know? We gotta bolt.” He smears my tears across my cheek with his hand. “Hey, it’ll turn around. You’ll see.”
“I am not expecting any miracles,” I mumble as I glance upwards at the sky. “It’s a dream to see the outdoors again.” I grin, relishing the symphony of the lake song at my very essence while trying to block out my mother’s betrayal.
Bunky’s gold eyes gleam with intensity as he gazes into my blue eyes.
I think of the woman’s voice in my mind nearly a year ago when I left the island in pursuit of the metropolis. Somebody said inside my head that if I leave the island, she will make my mum betray me. My eyes well up at the thought.
Near the lake, fawns graze in the field. They lift their heads only now mindful of our presence. An unanticipated sensation brushes over me. I feel as if I am home as we look out at the water below swelling in the breaking twilight.
Now that Bunky and I appear together above the lake, relishing the view side by side, the music soothes and turns more idealistic and harmonious in my mind. I feel like I was here formerly. Not the time that I dashed after Bunky when he crossed the boundary line. Prior to that. The lake and its surroundings feel familiar almost as if I resided here in another life. I cannot say for sure. I am home. I hope I stay here with Bunky forever.
“Am I dreaming?” I ask, observing the scenery.
“Maybe.” His smile seems soft and his eyes glaze as he looks at the water.
“I am anxious to swim with my tail in the lake. It’s so much larger than the tub in the chamber. I can experience being a real mermaid with all that room to swim.”
“Get ready for a ride. Huh?” He grins mischievously. “I’m taking you for the swim of your life, mermaid princess.” The tone of his voice sounds teasing. “Let’s rush to the water. I ain’t want the colony to get you before I do. You know?” His eyes narrow darkly.
Chills shoot through my body and I don’t know why. Maybe my distress is from the thought of the colony leaders capturing us and forcing us into another dungeon. If the people discover us, they most certainly will separate Bunky and me. President Hopskin and his leaders will either murder us or incarcerate us. Certainly, they will torture us. Whatever their punishments, those unjust individuals will separate me from my love. He is me and I am him. Bunky and I are one.
Oh, no! The colony! Movement over the greenery and brush and the sounds of crushing and snapping twigs and branches sound in the woods behind us. My body tenses as I detect the echoes of soft voices. I glance behind and spot flaming torches in the dawn light moving through the saplings and ferns in our direction.
“You ready?” Bunky lifts my hand in the air.
“What are we going to do?” I ask, my eyes wide and my legs trembling now.
“We are going to jump off the cliff. Huh?”
Bile shoots up my throat. “Suicide?” I ask, trying not to cough.
He blows out of his lips. “No!” He laughs under his breath.
“Oh.” I swallow and exhale.
“You trust me?” he implores me with a serious expression on his face.
I look him in the eyes, pausing for a moment. “Yes.” Bunky Ohare is all I want now.
He mutters an incantation under his breath and says, “Now!” At once, he pulls me off the cliff with him.
We fall through the air fast. I cannot believe he just pulled me into the sky. Are we going to die? We somersault toward the water below. I have never been so terrified in all my life.
“Dive now,” he hollers out to me.
I scrunch my face up in fear as I lift my hands over my head, lengthen my body, and dive toward the beckoning water with Bunky. The music is earsplitting. We break the surface at high velocity, yet it feels like we are diving into the most soothing, soft liquid I have ever felt rush over my body. Magic. Bunky must have altered the surface below with his enchantment. My legs form into a mermaid tail. I shake my head and look at Bunky through the water.
Whoa! Bunky’s legs have also transformed into a fish tail! He is a mer also! I cannot believe it. No wonder he knew on my birthday to teach me to command my tail back into legs! Filled with euphoria, I laugh. He looks at me and points to his fish tail and smiles big.
Hand in hand we swim deeper and deeper now into a silver abyss. I feel so free swimming as a mermaid in the forbidden lake with my love, breaking all the colony rules, feeling my tail move fast. In the pandemonium of song, I surrender wholly. I see a light ahead and we enter it, body to body, as one, summoned by destiny.
***
Thank you for reading Light of Darkness (Witch Apocalypse, Book 2) by Rivka Zohar. Please leave a five-star review if you liked the novel.
Here is a sample of Light of Worlds (Witch Apocalypse, Book 3).


Light of Worlds
(Witch Apocalypse, Book 3)
Rivka Zohar
Copyright © 2021 Rivka Zohar
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.
This book is a work of fiction.  Any references to real people, mass media, or real locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, things, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events, locales, persons, or things, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


Light of Worlds
(Witch Apocalypse, Book 3)
Rivka Zohar
1
Holographic images flash in my mind in rapid succession. It is like someone is forcing cinema scenes into me. What is happening? I grab my head between my hands. A news clip projects at the Whitehouse—Solar 49 Virus—313,000 dead. Now I see an image of black hooded witches in séance. She’s forcing into my mind an image of the Vatican—a hologram of another news clip, Pokuth War Virus—5 billion dead. Rioters wave the United States Flag through looting fires in Time Square. A mermaid swims underwater through a warehouse. Tubes of blood flowing out of machines. The Great Wall of China floating in the air…
My heart slams against the insides of my chest. Now the music is earsplitting in my mind. “Do you hear the song in your head?” I ask Bunky as he runs with me in his arms through the woods in pursuit of the lake. I don’t ask about the images. This is something new to me and now they have stopped.
“Huh?” he says in his low, guttural voice as he runs heavy-footed crashing over ferns and bushes.
Bunky Ohare and I just escaped from the Presco Mountain Dungeon after I collapsed the Lotham stone walls with the sound vibrations of my wails. Prior to this we were forced into life imprisonment because we crossed the boundary line that separates Presco Mountain Colony from the forbidden lake. Now after my mama betrayed Bunky and me by yelling out our location to the colony members, we are rushing for our survival through the woods in pursuit of the forbidden lake that is under Unith Witch Coven surveillance.
“Uh, yeah,” Bunky continues, his eyes narrowing. “You bet I hear the song. I might die if we ain’t get to that lake before we get captured. You know?”
“I feel the same way,” I say, my eyes well up with tears at the thought of Mum’s betrayal.
The wrathful colony members with their flaming torches and deadly weapons are right behind us coming out of the woods in pursuit of us. I wonder if my mama is with them. President Zetler Hopskin, the Presco Mountain Colony leaders, and the guards plan to torture us, force us back into life imprisonment, or even more probable, they will kill us for escaping.
But death, though awful, is the least of my fears. Worse than death itself, the colony members will separate Bunky and me for eternity. And in my present state of utter longing to dive into the lake with Bunky and explore its depths, I feel I cannot live without Bunky Ohare, the mysterious warlock who possesses my mind, heart, and soul.
Even though warlocks are everything I despise, I find myself powerless and completely enraptured with this muscular man with gold eyes and silky black hair. I am not sure why. I believe Bunky is my other half, my soul mate, even if he is a member of the very elite, brutal organization, the Unith Witch Coven, that has wiped out over 64 percent of the population with two consecutive biological attacks and has replaced the prior government of the United States as well as the prior governments of all the other countries of the world.
In the year 2036 my mama, my little brother, and I escaped to a Los Angeles island for shelter and quarantine after the release of the bio-warfare Pokuth virus on the world. It was the second virus the secret rulers released. The first virus, Solar 49, was a test and much milder. The second virus occurred about six years ago. My father died of Pokuth, but my mama, my brother, and I never caught it. They forced vaccines on the populace which were supposed to counter the virus, but with that rumor has it that they also laced the vaccinations with string quadrinotes that vibrate at extreme frequencies causing the victims to be more susceptible to world power targeted diseases and other forms of control. Most of the world fell under the rule of the Unith Coven, a powerful organization of witches and warlocks. Some people like Mum, Zip, and I were able to escape and go into hiding.
As initiation into the Unith Coven of witches and warlocks, Bunky made a covenant with Satan. Bunky’s indoctrination represents all that I hate, yet I still yearn for him. As much as I abhor his association with a world regime that brutally murders, enslaves, and sacrifices its citizens, I feel powerless over my feelings toward him.
Bunky sets me down on the edge of the cliff that overlooks the lake below. Fawns graze in the field. They lift their heads only now mindful of our presence. An unanticipated sensation brushes over me. I feel as if I am home as we look out at the water below swelling in the breaking twilight. The lake seems so familiar to me like I lived here or nearby in another life.
My head juts back. “Do you hear that?” I whisper sharply. My body tenses as I detect the echoes of soft voices. Oh, no! Does the colony know we are here? I think I hear movement over the greenery and brush. It is as if I am frozen with fear. The sounds of crushing and snapping twigs and branches sound in the woods behind us. I glance behind and spot flaming torches in the dawn light moving through the saplings and ferns in our direction.
“You ready?” Bunky lifts my hand in the air.
“What are we going to do?” I ask, my eyes wide and my legs trembling now.
“We are going to jump off the cliff. Huh?”
Bile shoots up my throat. “Suicide?” I ask, trying not to cough.
He blows out of his lips. “No!” He laughs under his breath.
“Oh.” I swallow and exhale.
At that second, an unexpected epiphany engulfs me. It seems like a strange time to experience such a realization, but it beguiles my spirit like an incontrollable flash of enthusiasm. If we escape our trackers, I can finally take revenge upon the woman I utterly loathe with all my heart and all my soul. Now that we are free from our life sentences, I can kill Belzera Lampeer! I can torment and mutilate her like she did to me. I still have the scars from the carvings she made on my upper chest that say, “whore.” If I can take hold of Belzera, I can ruin her life like she ruined mine.
“You trust me?” Bunky implores with a serious expression on his face.
I look him in the eyes, pausing for a moment. “Yes.” Bunky Ohare is all I want now.
He mutters an incantation under his breath and says, “Now!” At once, he pulls me off the cliff with him.
We fall through the air recklessly. I cannot believe he just pulled me into the sky. Are we going to die? We somersault toward the water below. I have never been so petrified in all my life.
“Dive now,” he hollers out to me. I hear his voice echo in my mind.
At once, he pulls me up against his body. We are chest to chest as our heads break the surface of the splendorous, forbidden lake. Light envelopes us. It flashes and sparkles—stunning, radiant. Fully submerged, Bunky and I spin around as lit bubbles surround us and rise toward the surface of the lake. It is a superb spectacle and joined with my epiphany, I feel heaven bound.
Our clothes rip from our bodies as transformations ensue. Our legs form into fish tails—mine green, his silver! A merman! Bunky is a merman! I am shocked that he is a mer also! Our connection is beginning to make more sense now though I am still confused. I marvel that his bare chest is tight with perfectly formed muscles. Even in the flurry this stimulates me. Glistening bubbles rush through the strands of his black, disheveled hair. And his face gleams with the charisma and appeal of a dome cinema hero. Bunky is the embodiment of physical excellence.
He brushes my white wild, long hair away from my face and stares into my eyes sending a blaze of pleasure through my body. Bunky kisses my widow’s peak on my forehead tenderly. Goosebumps lift on my neck and arms at his touch.
I desire more. I yearn to kiss him ardently, like the time our lips brushed in the chamber, like there is no tomorrow, but we are in utter peril. And how do I know for certain if Bunky Ohare truly cares for goofy me?
The song in my mind bursts from my body and surrounds us from every direction. The concerto is far and wide now, and for the first time, it is not only in my head. My longing for Bunky is the utmost it has ever been though I have never professed it to him.
This lake is charmed. And now I identify for certain that the songs that have possessed our minds this past year are coming from within the lake. Something is summoning us to it. What is it? I possess a powerful craving to understand.
My hunger for Bunky feels overwhelming now. I virtually do not even care about our lives. With my lack of romantic involvement, I do not know precisely what it is that I need in a sense. I simply want him. To be close. With all the power I hold, I tear my gaze away from Bunky and subdue my vexing desires.
I stare deep into the water beneath us. Though the two of us are wreathed in light, it is not as bright or dazzling as the light below our bodies that shines upwards with strength like nothing I have ever experienced. It looks like the sun, but it does not hurt my eyes. In fact, peering at it fills my frame with pleasing vibrations.
I ponder what might happen to Bunky and me if we swim into the light. Because it is so prevailing and forceful in its magnificence, I distress we may be seared alive. Is this energy source liable for my irresistible desires?
Bunky must have perceived the expression on my face because he strokes my flowing tresses in seeming encouragement. He pulls me close and holds my body to his chest, skin to skin. This unfathomable man with gold eyes that burn into my essence should not bring me so close. I only have so much control. I try to move away for an instant, but I cannot. My body can only surrender to his touch. I wonder if Bunky feels how rapidly my heart pounds. I feel the tempos of his core like they are my own. The sonata entrances me in its sensuality.
It has only been a short while since we dove into the waters. We still have time to flee our pursuers. I distress the colony members may search the lake for us. I also fear the Unith Coven’s air scouts may have distinguished us from overhead. Both the colony and the coven are dangerous to us.
Bunky takes my hand. I feel butterflies in my stomach. At once, the winged beauties fly out of my body. My cheeks heat as I look at them fluttering through the water in magical dance. Bunky chuckles and squeezes my hand in his and we swiftly swim downwards. As we swim deeper, I realize Bunky and I seem to be quite a distance from the shocking, yet alluring light ahead. Like the sun in the sky, the light in the lake appears close. In reality the light is far away.
I crane my head over my shoulder, toward the surface of the lake as my body trembles. Hopefully, the colony members will not pursue us. I search through the bubbles and the light that trails up so visibly to the top. We are not out of danger yet.
I am surprised at my vision. My sight is even more vivid under water than on land. I can see far into the distance. With no sign of the colony or the coven, I turn my gaze back toward the light deep within the lake. As we move closer, it progressively grows brighter and brighter. I can feel the intense power coming from its source. Desire runs through my veins. The song is amorous, and it is everywhere. We swim amazingly fast now. Bunky looks confident and strong with his broad shoulders and silver fish tail that shimmers and gleams. The light ahead is blinding my eyes now. I hear a lurid roar. The sound seems so intense that the vibrations envelop my body in corporeal sensations.
“You ready for the ride of your life, Vanille Cossette?” Bunky teases in his low, deep voice that appeals to me so much even though it sounds almost bullfrog-ish.
I am amazed how clear Bunky’s voice sounds in the water. “I do love extreme sports,” I say breathlessly even though my body quivers as we rush deeper into the depths of the lake. My speech, though stressed and shaky from fear, sounds completely normal too under the water.
Brusquely, I feel a burst of vibrations overwhelm me. The flow of water turns chaotic. All I hear is: “You’re gonna be okay. Huh?” It is Bunky’s voice.
Wrong! Bunky Ohare is wrong! My body bursts into flames. Fire covers me. The afflictions feel all encompassing, like being run over by a car where your insides squirt out and splatter all over the place and you feel every cell of it in a hundred spots.
Then it seems as if I am yanked into the brightness below so hard that I spiral down a hole of pure light so intense that I literally burn up into nothing. Truly. The pain feels indescribable, but it only lasts a minute before my entire body disintegrates.
Suddenly, I feel as weightless as air. I have no body tying me down. The pain stops.
I am entirely surrounded by light. I am light. And I feel the most sublime bliss I have ever felt in my life. Everything is beautiful and ethereal. Nothing is anything. And anything is nothing. It is only feelings of utter euphoria. I never want to leave this place, but then my consciousness is jerked through another hole and I am back in bodily form in a shocking world.
*
Light of Worlds (Witch Apocalypse, Book 3) is available for download at online bookstores. It is also available in paperback. Please leave a five-star review if you liked reading the novel.

