Light of Worlds (Witch Apocalypse, Book 3)
Copyright © 2021 by Rivka Zohar
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This e-book has been provided to you by the author and publisher for your individual use only. You may not make this e-book publicly available in any manner. Copyright infringement is against the law. If you believe the copy of this e-book you are reading infringes on the author’s copyright, please inform the publisher.
All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.
This book is a work of fiction.  Any references to real people, mass media, or real locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, things, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events, locales, persons, or things, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Thank you to Mom and Jerry
Light of Worlds
(Witch Apocalypse, Book 3)
Rivka Zohar
1
Holographic images flash in my mind in rapid succession. It is like someone is forcing cinema scenes into me. What is happening? I grab my head between my hands. A news clip projects at the Whitehouse—Solar 49 Virus—313,000 dead. Now I see an image of black hooded witches in séance. She’s forcing into my mind an image of the Vatican—a hologram of another news clip, Pokuth War Virus—5 billion dead. Rioters wave the United States Flag through looting fires in Time Square. A mermaid swims underwater through a warehouse. Tubes of blood flowing out of machines. The Great Wall of China floating in the air…
My heart slams against the insides of my chest. Now the music is earsplitting in my mind. “Do you hear the song in your head?” I ask Bunky as he runs with me in his arms through the woods in pursuit of the lake. I don’t ask about the images. This is something new to me and now they have stopped.
“Huh?” he says in his low, guttural voice as he runs heavy-footed crashing over ferns and bushes.
Bunky Ohare and I just escaped from the Presco Mountain Dungeon after I collapsed the Lotham stone walls with the sound vibrations of my wails. Prior to this we were forced into life imprisonment because we crossed the boundary line that separates Presco Mountain Colony from the forbidden lake. Now after my mama betrayed Bunky and me by yelling out our location to the colony members, we are rushing for our survival through the woods in pursuit of the forbidden lake that is under Unith Witch Coven surveillance.
“Uh, yeah,” Bunky continues, his eyes narrowing. “You bet I hear the song. I might die if we ain’t get to that lake before we get captured. You know?”
“I feel the same way,” I say, my eyes well up with tears at the thought of Mum’s betrayal.
The wrathful colony members with their flaming torches and deadly weapons are right behind us coming out of the woods in pursuit of us. I wonder if my mama is with them. President Zetler Hopskin, the Presco Mountain Colony leaders, and the guards plan to torture us, force us back into life imprisonment, or even more probable, they will kill us for escaping.
But death, though awful, is the least of my fears. Worse than death itself, the colony members will separate Bunky and me for eternity. And in my present state of utter longing to dive into the lake with Bunky and explore its depths, I feel I cannot live without Bunky Ohare, the mysterious warlock who possesses my mind, heart, and soul.
Even though warlocks are everything I despise, I find myself powerless and completely enraptured with this muscular man with gold eyes and silky black hair. I am not sure why. I believe Bunky is my other half, my soul mate, even if he is a member of the very elite, brutal organization, the Unith Witch Coven, that has wiped out over 64 percent of the population with two consecutive biological attacks and has replaced the prior government of the United States as well as the prior governments of all the other countries of the world.
In the year 2032 my mama, my little brother, and I escaped to a Los Angeles island for shelter and quarantine after the release of the bio-warfare Pokuth virus on the world. It was the second virus the secret rulers released. The first virus, Solar 49, was a test and much milder. The second virus occurred about six years ago. My father died of Pokuth, but my mama, my brother, and I never caught it. They forced vaccines on the populace which were supposed to counter the virus, but with that rumor has it that they also laced the vaccinations with string quadrinotes that vibrate at extreme frequencies causing the victims to be more susceptible to world power targeted diseases and other forms of control. Most of the world fell under the rule of the Unith Witch Coven, a powerful organization of witches and warlocks. Some people like Mum, Zip, and I were able to escape and go into hiding.
As initiation into the Unith Coven of witches and warlocks, Bunky made a covenant with Satan. Bunky’s indoctrination represents all that I hate, yet I still yearn for him. As much as I abhor his association with a world regime that brutally murders, enslaves, and sacrifices its citizens, I feel powerless over my feelings toward him.
Bunky sets me down on the edge of the cliff that overlooks the lake below. Fawns graze in the field. They lift their heads only now mindful of our presence. An unanticipated sensation brushes over me. I feel as if I am home as we look out at the water below swelling in the breaking twilight. The lake seems so familiar to me like I lived here or nearby in another life.
My head juts back. “Do you hear that?” I whisper sharply. My body tenses as I detect the echoes of soft voices. Oh, no! Does the colony know we are here? I think I hear movement over the greenery and brush. It is as if I am frozen with fear. The sounds of crushing and snapping twigs and branches sound in the woods behind us. I glance behind and spot flaming torches in the dawn light moving through the saplings and ferns in our direction.
“You ready?” Bunky lifts my hand in the air.
“What are we going to do?” I ask, my eyes wide and my legs trembling now.
“We are going to jump off the cliff. Huh?”
Bile shoots up my throat. “Suicide?” I ask, trying not to cough.
He blows out of his lips. “No!” He laughs under his breath.
“Oh.” I swallow and exhale.
At that second, an unexpected epiphany engulfs me. It seems like a strange time to experience such a realization, but it beguiles my spirit like an incontrollable flash of enthusiasm. If we escape our trackers, I can finally take revenge upon the woman I utterly loathe with all my heart and all my soul. Now that we are free from our life sentences, I can kill Belzera Lampeer! I can torment and mutilate her like she did to me. I still have the scars from the carvings she made on my upper chest that say, “whore.” If I can take hold of Belzera, I can ruin her life like she ruined mine.
“You trust me?” Bunky implores with a serious expression on his face.
I look him in the eyes, pausing for a moment. “Yes.” Bunky Ohare is all I want now.
He mutters an incantation under his breath and says, “Now!” At once, he pulls me off the cliff with him.
We fall through the air recklessly. I cannot believe he just pulled me into the sky. Are we going to die? We somersault toward the water below. I have never been so petrified in all my life.
“Dive now,” he hollers out to me. I hear his voice echo in my mind.
At once, he pulls me up against his body. We are chest to chest as our heads break the surface of the splendorous, forbidden lake. Light envelopes us. It flashes and sparkles—stunning, radiant. Fully submerged, Bunky and I spin around as lit bubbles surround us and rise toward the surface of the lake. It is a superb spectacle and joined with my epiphany, I feel heaven bound.
Our clothes rip from our bodies as transformations ensue. Our legs form into fish tails—mine green, his silver! A merman! Bunky is a merman! I am shocked that he is a mer also! Our connection is beginning to make more sense now though I am still confused. I marvel that his bare chest is tight with perfectly formed muscles. Even in the flurry this stimulates me. Glistening bubbles rush through the strands of his black, disheveled hair. And his face gleams with the charisma and appeal of a dome cinema hero. Bunky is the embodiment of physical excellence.
He brushes my white wild, long hair away from my face and stares into my eyes sending a blaze of pleasure through my body. Bunky kisses my widow’s peak on my forehead tenderly. Goosebumps lift on my neck and arms at his touch.
I desire more. I yearn to kiss him ardently, like the time our lips brushed in the chamber, like there is no tomorrow, but we are in utter peril. And how do I know for certain if Bunky Ohare truly cares for goofy me?
The song in my mind bursts from my body and surrounds us from every direction. The concerto is far and wide now, and for the first time, it is not only in my head. My longing for Bunky is the utmost it has ever been though I have never professed it to him.
This lake is charmed. And now I identify for certain that the songs that have possessed our minds this past year are coming from within the lake. Something is summoning us to it. What is it? I possess a powerful craving to understand.
My hunger for Bunky feels overwhelming now. I virtually do not even care about our lives. With my lack of romantic involvement, I do not know precisely what it is that I need in a sense. I simply want him. To be close. With all the power I hold, I tear my gaze away from Bunky and subdue my vexing desires.
I stare deep into the water beneath us. Though the two of us are wreathed in light, it is not as bright or dazzling as the light below our bodies that shines upwards with strength like nothing I have ever experienced. It looks like the sun, but it does not hurt my eyes. In fact, peering at it fills my frame with pleasing vibrations.
I ponder what might happen to Bunky and me if we swim into the light. Because it is so prevailing and forceful in its magnificence, I distress we may be seared alive. Is this energy source liable for my irresistible desires?
Bunky must have perceived the expression on my face because he strokes my flowing tresses in seeming encouragement. He pulls me close and holds my body to his chest, skin to skin. This unfathomable man with gold eyes that burn into my essence should not bring me so close. I only have so much control. I try to move away for an instant, but I cannot. My body can only surrender to his touch. I wonder if Bunky feels how rapidly my heart pounds. I feel the tempos of his core like they are my own. The sonata entrances me in its sensuality.
It has only been a short while since we dove into the waters. We still have time to flee our pursuers. I distress the colony members may search the lake for us. I also fear the Unith Witch Coven’s air scouts may have distinguished us from overhead. Both the colony and the coven are dangerous to us.
Bunky takes my hand. I feel butterflies in my stomach. At once, the winged beauties fly out of my body. My cheeks heat as I look at them fluttering through the water in magical dance. Bunky chuckles and squeezes my hand in his and we swiftly swim downwards. As we swim deeper, I realize Bunky and I seem to be quite a distance from the shocking, yet alluring light ahead. Like the sun in the sky, the light in the lake appears close. In reality the light is far away.
I crane my head over my shoulder, toward the surface of the lake as my body trembles. Hopefully, the colony members will not pursue us. I search through the bubbles and the light that trails up so visibly to the top. We are not out of danger yet.
I am surprised at my vision. My sight is even more vivid under water than on land. I can see far into the distance. With no sign of the colony or the coven, I turn my gaze back toward the light deep within the lake. As we move closer, it progressively grows brighter and brighter. I can feel the intense power coming from its source. Desire runs through my veins. The song is amorous, and it is everywhere. We swim amazingly fast now. Bunky looks confident and strong with his broad shoulders and silver fish tail that shimmers and gleams. The light ahead is blinding my eyes now. I hear a lurid roar. The sound seems so intense that the vibrations envelop my body in corporeal sensations.
“You ready for the ride of your life, Vanille Cossette?” Bunky teases in his low, deep voice that appeals to me so much even though it sounds almost bullfrog-ish.
I am amazed how clear Bunky’s voice sounds in the water. “I do love extreme sports,” I say breathlessly even though my body quivers as we rush deeper into the depths of the lake. My speech, though stressed and shaky from fear, sounds completely normal too under the water.
Brusquely, I feel a burst of vibrations overwhelm me. The flow of water turns chaotic. All I hear is: “You’re gonna be okay. Huh?” It is Bunky’s voice.
Wrong! Bunky Ohare is wrong! My body bursts into flames. Fire covers me. The afflictions feel all encompassing, like being run over by a car where your insides squirt out and splatter all over the place and you feel every cell of it in a hundred spots.
Then it seems as if I am yanked into the brightness below so hard that I spiral down a hole of pure light so intense that I literally burn up into nothing. Truly. The pain feels indescribable, but it only lasts a minute before my entire body disintegrates.
Suddenly, I feel as weightless as air. I have no body tying me down. The pain stops.
I am entirely surrounded by light. I am light. And I feel the most sublime bliss I have ever felt in my life. Everything is beautiful and ethereal. Nothing is anything. And anything is nothing. It is only feelings of utter euphoria. I never want to leave this place, but then my consciousness is jerked through another hole and I am back in bodily form in a shocking world.
2
I feel dizzy and out of sorts as I look ahead. Shaking my head, it seems that Bunky and I stand in a graveyard on silky white sand before a small, glassy pond with dark rolling hills behind it. A lump starts to form in my throat. Though it appears to be daytime, the sky has a dim, eerie feel because the sun seems to be partially eclipsed.
Headstones with holograms of the dead and buried line the bottoms of the hills. I hear the deceased’s whispers overlapping faintly. Memoirs expressed. Dreams crushed. Romances split.
Even with the whispers and holograms, I sense a strange tranquility to the setting. I swallow the lump in my throat and lift my fingers to my lips. The feel of this place seems disturbing to me. I feel like I am having trouble breathing. Though after a moment, I hear a faint pounding. It seems like maybe cattle or maybe horses. Biting my fingernails, I think it is the sounds of galloping—the sprinting of hooves against the earth. “What is that?” I say to Bunky, feeling hardly able to speak.
Barely looking at him, I think he shakes his head lightly, grimaces, and raises his shoulders simultaneously. “Beats me,” he whispers.
It sounds to me like a militia on horseback races up the hilltops from behind us, out of our view, and maybe toward us. I chew my nail too close to the skin and see that my fingertip bleeds, but I cannot care. Now, I hear awful screeching noises overlapping the trampling of hooves like metal rubbing against metal as the riders advance closer to the top.
The fine, hardly detectable hairs on my arms feel like they rise, but I do not look at myself. My wide blue eyes fixate on the highland before us, instead, as I take hold of Bunky’s strong arm. The progressing sounds seem to move and rise in volume so fast that I can only brace myself for confrontation.
Yet to my surprise, suddenly, the noise ceases. My fingers drop from my mouth. I look behind and see the seeming invaders halt upon the mountain tops.
“Who are they?” I say in a whisper as I stare at them. This is not a militia—at least the beings do not appear human, that is. They appear like metal figures. I squint my eyes and lean forward to get a closer look. The eclipsed sun seems to be hindering my view. Swiftly, I block the glare with my hand.
Standing majestically upon the blackened ridges seem to be mechanical unicorns! Words seem to begin forming on the sky. “Look at that,” I say to Bunky with wide eyes as I look out. Apparently, the unicorns’ thoughts imprint in colorful words and swirls upon the dim expanse with sayings like this:
“Welcome to Eucalyptus Falls, land of the fays.” I read the words out loud because I am pretty sure that Bunky does not know how to read.
“My resolve is to beautify your mind with whimsical thoughts.”
“The horn between my ears is inoperable.” I look at Bunky with wide eyes and shrug my shoulders. He grins at me and tilts his head to the side as he gazes up at the phrases in the sky.
“Free parades.”
“Popcorn and lollypops.”
“Nay, nay, nay…” I shake my head side to side and Bunky chuckles.
Swiftly, I see an amusement park in the sky. Oh, my. The Ferris wheel and merry-go-round rotate around much too fast and popcorn and lollypops fall from the clouds. I want to catch them and gobble them up because my stomach is growling, but they fall too far away from us. And then, as rapidly as the imagery manifests, it disappears.
I frown and step back. The atmosphere stills, and the robotic unicorns cease all movement and imprints upon the sky. It looks as if they completed their strange exhibition. Now their heads drop down low between and in front of their hooves like they have fallen into slumber.
“Hey, glad they ain’t gonna fight us. Yeah?” Bunky says lowering his chin and raising a dark brow.
Nodding, I glance down and grasp that our mer tails are formed back into our legs. And I am entirely unclothed! I should have comprehended this before now, but the bizarre scenery consumed my attention.
My cheeks heat as I attempt to cover my bare figure with my long, soaked tresses. When I bathed in the bathtub in the chamber of the dungeon, my upper body was bare, but in the lake shimmery scales cover my chest almost like a bikini top. For some reason, possibly because bareness is natural for a water creature, I do not feel self-conscious of my body while in the lake, but now I do.
Bunky chuckles and arches an eyebrow. A crooked smile lifts on his face that reminds me that he is a warlock.
Oh, I am in way over my head.
“Ain’t like I not seen it all. You know?”
Maybe he is trying to placate me with his comment, but I am not sure. Bunky should not chuckle because his hair is sort of short, and he does not have long locks like I do to hide himself. I think this discomfits me more than it does him. But in an instant, he seems to invoke something under his breath, and he appears in greeneries and wolf pelts. It seems like a peculiar choice for attire to me, but he looks good in the selection. I think he looks stunning no matter what he puts on his body.
And of course, with the next incantation out of his mouth, I am dressed in something silly. My eyes widen. I appear to be clad in a dark barky shell of a vanilla bean. I know that is what I am wearing because I smell good and my mama used to grow these on the California island we hid away on before I met Bunky. “You can’t be serious!” I protest. But, as usual, he smiles facetiously at me, revels in his creation for a moment, and then with a snap, I am adorned in something else entirely.
When I cast my eyes down, I feel more than amazed to see I am clad in the most stunning pale blue gown I have ever seen in my life. It is a simple dress with an understated elegance. Scenic patterns of the island landscape where I lived with Mum and my brother, Zip are embroidered on the skirt. Bunky saved my mama from kidnappers and buried Zip on that island on the night that I met him. My heart clenches as I remember, but this gift warms my heart. The island depictions are sentimental. Bunky always surprises me. It is difficult to believe he sold his soul to the devil, so to speak, at moments like this.
Bunky seems to study me for a moment before he smiles at me. “Better watch out. The clock might strike midnight. You know?” He raises a dark brow and runs his finger across my cheek.
My cheeks heat at his touch. What does he mean by that? Even when everything inside me screams yes, I am reminded about his warnings when we were imprisoned in our dungeon chambers that I should stay away from him. I try to change the subject so that I will not have to think about how wild and out of control I feel around him even when I should not feel that way. The music blares in my mind.
“Remember, the powered unicorns relayed that this is the home of the fairies.” When I say this to Bunky, I recall, about a year ago in 2038, the fairy I viewed from the cliff after I crossed the boundary line separating the colony from the lake. I wonder if that fairy who flew over the lake is from Eucalyptus Falls as this place seems to be named.
To my surprise, Bunky chortles. His low tone seems good-humored, yet sardonic. “Yeah. They did. Right?”
Looking up, I see the unicorns appear to awake from their rest and seem to be gazing at Bunky and me intensely now which I find very odd.
“We, uh, you see, went through a porthole. You heard of that kinda thing?” He seems to search my eyes as he asks. “It brought us to Eucalyptus Falls. The porthole is an alternate route.”
“I don’t understand.” I feel confused about what Bunky is saying. “Can you explain?”
“Eucalyptus Falls ain’t no dump. You know? It’s just past the forbidden lake on dry land. Huh?” He seems to search my eyes again.
I feel like a dummy. “What?” I am not grasping what Bunky is saying. Maybe because I am fantasizing about kissing him profoundly.
His eyebrows draw together as he explains. “There are two routes that lead here.” I notice his gold eyes seem to soften. “You ain’t gotta get here through the underwater porthole. Right? You can also go straight through on dry land. We’re close to the colony in the Presco Mountains.”
My head jerks up. “We are?” This surprises me. I assumed the only way to this other world is through the light of the lake.
He chuckles for a second. “Yeah. We’re close.” He grins, but his nostrils flare slightly.
I bite my lower lip. “If Eucalyptus Falls is close to the colony that could mean that the colony leaders and their army may still be searching for us.”
At that, he nods. “You bet.”
My body tenses. I glance down at my simple gown and think about Mum and how she betrayed me. After escaping from prison, Bunky and I went to see her at her cabin in Presco Mountains to try to get her to run away with us, but because of her disapproval of Bunky being a warlock, she tried to turn both of us in for capture to the colony leaders. Bipsy was there at the cabin. I miss my tiny Maltese dog too. My mind fills with despair. “We must hurry,” I say, my words catching in my throat.
Simply thinking about being captured and forced into another dungeon disgruntles me. If President Hopskins and the colony members find Bunky and me, they surely will not permit us to stay together. These unreasonable humans will likely either kill us or imprison us again for life. Either way, they will separate me from my love. And now I am sure I do not want to live without Bunky, not after all that we have been through. He is me and I am him. We are one. I would rather die than be alone without Bunky Ohare. And now that I see he appears to be a mer too, I feel our bond is even more than just my feelings.
Running my brown fingers through my long white hair, I ask, “What should we do?” I take a strand of my locks between my fingers and twist it nervously.
He stretches his arms overhead. “Well, uh. You think I’d come here without a plan?”
My body starts to perspire as I shrug and continue twisting the strand of my hair. “I suppose not,” I giggle slightly, looking around anxiously.
“He’s ugly,” a female’s voice seems to say inside my head! I look to the side and I see a pale woman with long black hair clad in a long black dress. “I have a better one for you,” the female voice says playfully.
What?! My body tenses as my memories reel back in time. I remember the same transparent woman in my chamber in the dungeon I was locked away in. Quickly, I glance at Bunky. I do not think he sees the gothic looking woman or if he does, he is not letting on. I wonder if she is the person who projected images in my mind right before I dove into the lake. It seemed like someone was forcing those cinema-like scenes into my head.
“Remember back. Yeah?” Bunky tilts his head to the side and watches me.
I am pulled out of my thoughts about the woman in the long black dress. “Remember back to what?” I ask as I look up at the mechanical unicorns who still seem to watch us from the sky. When I look to the side for the ghostly looking woman, she is gone.
Bunky touches my chin and tilts it down slightly. “I told ya I got a surprise for you here. Yeah?” He shakes his head as he widens his big gold puppy dog eyes encouragingly at me.
“Oh!” My face lights up. “I do remember.  You told me that you have a surprise after we escaped from the dungeon. I didn’t think to say anything.” My mind reels as I study him cautiously and take a step back. “I suppose I feel a little scared because you mentioned that you didn’t know if I would like the surprise.”
His gold eyes blaze as he seems to suppress a smile. “First of all, ain’t it about time we got some fun. Huh?”
“I could use some of that. Fun sounds great.” I drop the strand of hair I am twisting and comb my fingers through my wet locks, hoping to smooth the tangles out.
Bunky smirks at me. “Okay. Take off. Eh?” With that, he seems to chuckle to himself. “Ain’t wanna scare you. You know?” He tilts his chin down, looking into my blue eyes, and lifts one dark eyebrow the way he does.
My pulse begins to accelerate. “What do you mean?” I am sure I am blushing because my face feels warm. I feel confused again.
He spreads his feet apart and looks down at the ground. It seems that he is mumbling under his breath. He takes something from the inside of the wolf pelt that he wears and presses it gently on my back as he continues to whisper.
Ooooh, what is that? My body tenses only guessing what this means. I feel a different sensation in my body. It is like little needle pricks poking the nerves near my spine. They seem to rise up my back progressively.
“What are you doing? What’s happening to my body?” I hear a pop sound and then a crunch sound in the top of my back. My eyes widen.
Bunky steps closer to me. His hand brushes against mine and my thoughts get all jumbled up. He is looking at me now. My throat grows tight. He is so close that I feel his soft breath on my shoulder. “You, uh, ain’t gotta do much but flutter a little. You know?” he says, “…until you get the hang of it because I can do the rest for you.” His gold eyes gaze at me through his thick lashes.
My heart pounds against the inside of my chest. “What are you talking about?” I am so distracted from his electrifying stare, and the horror ensuing that I hardly hear what he says. Suddenly there is a loud pop, and it feels like my skin slices open between my shoulder blades. I scream and fall to my knees. I cast my eyes up at him from the ground.
He covers his mouth. Is he laughing at me?
Perspiration beads at the widow’s peak on my forehead. “Really?” I finally manage to say cynically from the ground beside the glassy pond as I look up at him. My back feels heavy.
Bunky nods as he steps away from me slightly. He lifts his chin up and toward me as if to point.
I follow the direction of his eyes and chin and try to careen my head to see what is weighing down on my back lightly. I fall backwards in shock. “Wings?” My face scrunches up as I grimace. I see what looks like might be feathered wings, but they are closed.
“Get a move on,” he says motioning me up with his hand. “Flying ain’t for punks. You know?”
I scoff with wide eyes. “We’re going to fly?” I make a half circle with my chin. I cannot believe this. “How?” I watch him from my knees and wonder why he moves away.
“Ain’t hard.” He shakes his head in seeming amusement. “Open the wings. You know? We’ll be off and on our way. Huh?”
Bunky must think I am silly. I hope I don’t make too much of a fool of myself in front of him while trying to fly. It doesn’t matter really, I tell myself. I have always wanted to fly. It has been a dream of mine since I was a kid. But then, I look down at my clothing. “How am I going to fly in this thing?” I point at the pale blue gown with the embroidered island scenes.
He laughs. The dress is so elegant and dainty not the kind of sport suits with pads and helmets you would see sky-fliers wearing like in the extreme sports I watched before the Unith Witch Coven takeover. “Angels got gowns,” he says humorously.
A grunt with air shoots out of my throat and mouth. Shaking my head in exasperation, I touch the wings on my back. “Okay. I’m ready. How do I fly?” My palms start to perspire, and I wipe the beads of sweat off my forehead with the back of my hand.
He tilts his chin down with narrowed eyes and presses his lips in a tight smile before explaining. “Command ’em like ya did with your tail. Yeah?”
I remember the first time my legs turned into a mermaid tail, Bunky taught me how to transform the tail back into legs. The problem is I am not sure what to command the wings on my back to do. I consider for a moment and simply say, “Open wings.” To my great thrill, they open. And now I can see them for the first time in the natural mirror of water before me. They are magnificent. For the moment, I forget all about my desires for Bunky.
The wings look like a huge exotic white flower, with lovely sheer petals. I sense the power exuding from them.
After some more chanting, Bunky sprouts his enormous black feathered wings. He looks regal and powerful. His gold eyes shine. Now that I see his wings, I wonder if his merman tail that I saw in the lake earlier was just witchcraft. Maybe Bunky is not a true mer like I am.
“Okay. Um. Let’s go.” Looking at me with smoldering eyes, he takes my hand.
I start to feel those butterflies in my stomach again, but I quickly calm myself, only releasing three fluttery winged beings into the air above.
Bunky smiles wryly. “I guess you like me.” He chuckles lightly as he looks up at the colorful butterflies fluttering softly overhead. He releases my hand and gently positions my wet long hair over one of my shoulders.
My body trembles lightly at his touch. I just stand there for a moment wondering what he is going to do next, yearning to touch him, but then I remember the task at hand. I feel like a real ding-bat.
I feel glad to be out of the water and away from the light and the intense hunger of the music where my yearnings felt unbearable. Now, though my desire for Bunky feels more than strong, I at least seem to have some control, even if it seems to be very little.
Redirecting my focus, I get my wings moving pretty easily and am already up and down, on and off the ground when he takes my hand again. My heart heats. But immediately after I am in his grip, before I have a chance to get aroused all over again, he pulls me way up high into the sky with him.
“Whoa!” I laugh as the earth leaves me.
When I gaze up at Bunky holding my hand above me, he appears almost invincible and superior with his dark wings spread out in the grey-blue heights. He really appears to be a master aviator of his own body. He chuckles flippantly as he stares into my wide eyes that are filled with shock and marvel.
This feels exhilarating, and I expect that once I get the hang of it, Bunky will not be able to keep me out of the sky. But at present, I feel like an awkward joker in an elegant gown dangling in his grasp. I simply must laugh and not worry over my absurdities because this is way too electrifying to care.
“Come on!” he hollers out to me, and we fly up higher into the expanse.
I giggle as the open-air rushes over me like a big wave. What a feeling. I feel so free. The brisk morning air feels wet and refreshing alongside my skin as we fly through a puffy white cloud. It is like swimming through a big bubble bath. As we make our way out of the cloud and back into the grey expanse, I look down and see tiny distant figures of deer in the grassy green field below. Then we soar over some woodsy terrain. But Bunky slows down as we come to a field of many flowers.
“This is where I’m taking you,” Bunky howls like a wolf, tilting his head back. He pulls me close to him.
I laugh in his arms. My heart races as my chest presses up against his. I love being this close to him. I can feel the pound of his heart against mine. “The flora seems so bright and dynamic. Are they actually real?”
He smiles. “You betcha.”
“Wow. I love it.” I have never seen so many blossoms in one place. The colors seem more vibrant than anything I have ever witnessed.
We lower softly out of the atmosphere and onto the earth. The bloomy odors smell splendorous. A mix of orange daisies, blue pansies, and pink poppies edge my ankles. It seems like every kind of flower grows in this field even though the mixtures seem unexpected. We stride through a strange, but stunning mixture of hyacinth, gladiolus, and dahlias until we reach several breathtaking camellia hedges that unify to form a wall.
I observe that the sky seems to exhibit a shimmering quality like an artist threw pixy dust into the blue expanse and the glimmer simply wades in the air, flashing and twixing in glittery light. It looks magnificent.
“Hey, you oughta look at the sky at night.” Bunky says seemingly smitten with the setting as well. “The stars look brighter here. You know? They fill the sky like a million diamonds. Huh?”
He shakes his head as if happy with the thought and plucks some of the full blossomed flowers for me. “Yo, Vanille. Taste this.” He hands me some of the camellias. His silky, deep voice is like music to my ears.
Narrowing my eyes as I look up at his handsome face, I nibble on one of the pink petals of one of the camellias. “Surprising,” I mumble. “It tastes like nectar.”
“You bet it does. These ain’t ordinary blooms. They got that magic. You know?” Slowly, without averting his eyes from mine, he leans close to my body. I feel his breath on my ear. “It tastes like you,” he murmurs in my ear. The fingers of one of his hands brush my waist.
Hot blood races through my veins. My heart seems to pound fast beneath my ribcage. I try to slow my breath to not reveal my feelings.
Maybe he senses my excitement because he traces the outline of my lips with his finger. Then he gradually runs the backside of his fingers down the side of my face, down my neck, and as if it isn’t already enough, across my collarbone. He shakes his head for a moment seemingly like he is waking from a dream. Then he slides his hand under my arm. I giggle. He looks into my eyes and smiles before he looks at my body and runs his fingers down my side, over my waist, and hip in a long sensual stroke. He sighs.
The amatory fragrance of his body envelops me and sends my senses ablaze. He smells like a mix of the flowers we walked through, mint, and his own rapturous, warm scent that makes me wild inside. But after a moment, to my sudden surprise, his demeanor fluctuates. He pulls my body into him and he embraces me in his strong arms.
“We gotta be careful not to get too close,” he mumbles as his eyelids fall. “I ain’t wanna lose control.” He releases me and steps back.
I do not understand why he pulls away from me. Maybe it is because this place is not safe for us. I know the colony is probably still after us. That could be the reason, but I wonder if there is more to his withdrawal.
When we were locked away in the dungeon, Bunky also tried to keep a distance from me. He explained to me that the Unith Witch Coven assigned him to me to watch over me and to see who my contacts are because of a prophesy that I am going to destroy their organization. I wonder if he is afraid to get too close to me because he is still bound to the witches and warlocks.
I lengthen my posture now and take a step away from him. Bunky Ohare confuses me. Why does he pull away from me? To distract myself from my building frustration, I pluck a red peony and inhale the flowery fragrance.
I want Bunky to hold me beside his body again, but instead he stretches his arms over his head and leans against a Eucalyptus tree. “Hey. Come here,” He cajoles, as he tilts his head down and stares into my eyes. With his gaze still boring into me, he motions me over to him with an upturned curled finger that he opens and closes.
Not wanting to seem like his puppet, I look away and consider for a moment. I turn back to him and watch him for a moment in the shade under the leaves of the tree. He runs his fingers through his disheveled, silky black hair. I suppose he has his reasons for acting as he does; I decide to surrender as my heart tightens at his gaze. Those big gold eyes. As I walk over, he slides his back down the Eucalyptus moodily and pats the soft earth next to him. I sit beside him in the bed of floras.
I find myself unwilling to express my true feelings for him yet. My emotions seem too raw and vulnerable. And I feel too inexperienced at that kind of thing. I cannot express to him how he is everything to me now. How I do not want to ever live without him. He is me and I am him. We are one, but I cannot say that.
Bunky shakes his head. “We ain’t gotta think about our struggles now. You see.” He smiles and gazes at me through his thick lashes. “Forget all that. Yeah? Close your eyes. I wanna take ya through to the other side of the hedge of camellias.”
I wonder what is beyond and am excited by this little game. “Gladly,” I murmur as I look at him and touch the side of my neck. “But how do we traverse this barrier? The camellia hedge looks very dense.”
He raises an eyebrow and grins crookedly at me. “That’s for me to know and you to find out.” His voice seems easy-going and teasing now.
Bunky stands up and I follow his lead. I look up at his handsome face. He places his hand over my eyes. I feel a tingling sensation at his touch. I just cannot help it.  With his hand over my eyes, he leads me ahead. I feel unstable in the darkness. Not being able to see is somewhat frightening, yet exciting at the same time. It feels weird because I expect to smash right into the leaves and branches before me, but instead I seem to walk right through with no impediments. This confuses me. Life with Bunky seems magical.
“I ain’t gonna leave my hand on your eyes, but you better keep ’em shut.”
“Or what?” I ask with my eyes still closed.
He chuckles at my question. “No ruining the surprise. Yeah?” At that, he spins me around several times which provokes me to laugh and then he says, “Open your eyes. Huh?”
3
When my eyes open, I feel astonished. The field of flowers continues on the other side of the camellia border, but there appears to be also massive mushrooms with little, ornate houses underneath. The trees are glorious and of pure silver with massive, colorful leaves that appear like butterfly wings.
Bunky and I step onto a silver hiking trail. Women fairies flutter around and above the mushrooms in graceful regalia of erratic colors and exceptional designs. The fairies look beautiful to me as I watch them. Some of the coquets even smile at Bunky and then giggle as if they are flirting.
I turn to Bunky to see his reaction, but I do seem to be able to discern his subtle expression which seems frustratingly unreadable. As I look away from his face and examine his body, I feel a twinge of surprise. He looks different than before. His wings are not black and feathered anymore but appear to be pale blue in color like my gown.
I chortle lightly as I turn my head to the side and look at him through the corners of my eyes. “What happened to your angel wings?” I ask in a teasing, yet suspicious tone.
With my inquiry, he grins cunningly as his black thick bangs fall over his eyebrows rendering him a mysterious air. “You ain’t think I’d show myself as a warlock? Nah.” He talks with jumbled grammar that I find endearing.
With his play, my chin juts back as I watch him straight on. “So, now… Let me get this straight. You are posing as a fairy?”
“Yup.” His eyes glisten mischievously, and I wonder what he is up to.
I roll my eyes and shrug as I continue looking at him. My mind reels with the possibilities.
He looks around at the big mushrooms, the little houses, and the elegant fairies in the sky. “Look, Vanille. Warlocks ain’t allowed in this fairy community,” he whispers. “We gotta look like ’em. You know?” His big gold eyes widen as his thick, black eyelashes touch the edge of his bangs. “Fairies hate warlocks as much as humans do.”
Maybe I am making too much out of it. “Ahhh, that makes sense,” I respond, trying to lighten up.
“Thanks,” he says somewhat sarcastic as he runs his fingers through his dark overgrown hair.
Realizing that I maybe insulted him, I giggle.
“Yeah, yeah. Real funny.” He changes his gaze from the silver path we are on and smiles as his eyes meet mine.
“I thought it was.” I say somewhat wryly, still curious about him.
Bunky shakes his head in seeming virtuous humor. “Heck,” he continues, “I ain’t no punk. I gotta fit in so I am free to do whatever I want to do.”
“What do you want to do?” I ask him in a facetious tone.
“You shall see,” he teases as he brushes his dark bangs off his forehead. Better looking than a male holograph model, he has the most gorgeous face I have ever seen. It is difficult for me to trust that he likes me. I never imagined in my life that someone as unique and appealing as Bunky would ever like a nerd like me.
Bunky leads me up the silver trail. The wind blows through my long, wet hair and dries it. As we walk along, Bunky and I pass a spellbinding waterbed with countless little waterfalls. Both male and female fairies splash around teasi­­ng each other in playful banter and games. All the fae appear remarkably good-looking.
It seems like a teenagers’ revelry. I hear zedder music and look over by the rocks on the shore. I see the temperamental melody seems to be coming from a bite player. Surprised by this, I realize I must not have seen a bite player since the Unith Witch Coven takeover. Some other fairies appear to lounge on big taffeta embellished pillows of erratic colors upon the soft earth while some of them appear to smoke from a long, complicated pipe. The substance wafting into the air seems to have an enchanting vanilla aroma. They all seem like they are experiencing a remarkable time.
I see one particularly beautiful fairy lazing upon an obsidian boulder under the gleaming sun. This female seems even comelier than the other fairies in appearance. I notice her black hair lays in many curls and waves over her delicate shoulders and her gown seems of the softest silk. Something about this beauty seems impish.
When the mesmerizing female notices Bunky, her cheeks seem to flush and she giggles flirtatiously. I try to hold a blank expression on my face, but I surrender to my feelings and roll my eyes even though I do not want to. In my perception, this seductress calculates her expressions. Her pink cheeks and giggles appear as planned and seem frustratingly false to me. As with the other fairies we observed earlier after we crossed to the other side, Bunky looks ignorant to the fairy’s game and advances. He seems totally indifferent to her obvious charm and grace. Noticing this, eases my insecurity.
We approach a breezy spot in Eucalyptus Falls where the wind blows the long gossamer petals that extend from the tops of tall gold trees. An assemblage of kids fly through the sky together singing as they play games and turn gymnastic flips in the atmosphere. I like this place. Amusement and song satisfy the setting.
Beneath a giant mushroom appears to be an amiable dark crystal house. Bunky leads me up some stone steps to the front porch that seems to spark many colors in the sunlight. The whole house appears to mirror spectral light essentially. Bunky knocks on the crystal door before us.
“Just one second,” a soft feminine voice calls from inside the crystal house.
As I cast my eyes down, I observe the colorful light shimmering on my arms as Bunky and I wait for the presumed female fairy to open the door. Looking closer at my arms, I notice that little goosebumps have raised on my brown skin beneath the light. My heart feels like it is beating fast within my chest. Even my breathing seems to have shallowed.
“Hey,” Bunky whispers to me leaning close to my ear. “Go along with whatever I say. Huh?” He seems to search my eyes for validation. “It’s best for you,” he continues when he sees that I do not respond. “You know, for your own safety.”
My own safety? What does he mean by that? I feel confused by the way he speaks. “I trust you,” I manage to say as my adrenaline seems to rush. Although I am nervous standing upon this sparkly front porch, I am curious about what lies ahead. What we are doing at this beautiful, enigmatic house of fine jewels?
After a minute or so, the female opens the door before us. My eyes pop wide when I look at the pretty woman. She seems familiar somehow, but I cannot seem to place where I might have seen her before today. The more I examine her lovely, fine features, and graceful mannerisms, I realize her face seems a lot like a popular zed star I saw in concert before the release of the warfare viruses. But her eyes are dissimilar to Sedva Jetane’s. This woman’s eyes are a pale yellow which I find quite becoming and her lips look naturally red without wearing lipstick.
“Good day, madam.” Bunky smiles mischievously at the presumed fairy, but the female of grace cannot seem to take her eyes off me.
The way she continues to gaze at me, I ponder if she imagines I look like a zed star also! The idea causes me to chortle inappropriately because even though possibly Bunky might see me as attractive, I view myself as a bland, awkward albino fool and a monster with a fish tail at that.
Once I avert my stare, I see that she wears the most interesting dress. It wraps around her thin body ever so neatly and though there seems to be a silken gown beneath, the outer layer is made of an intricately woven silver vine. I feel entirely fascinated with her presence, yet at the same time, my pulse races.
The mesmerizing figure’s sunshine eyes continue to stare at me as Bunky speaks. My cheeks feel hot.
Bunky seems to watch her carefully. “We’re selling virtual mind dreams,” he says craning his head to the side, maybe to get her attention and avert her eyes away from me.
She seems to pay no attention at all to Bunky.
Bunky lifts his head back to a normal position and continues, “Uh, can we come in? We, uh, wanna show you a presentation. You know? We got luxurious offerings?” He nods his head and narrows his eyes.
She shakes her head briefly and responds with a start, “Oh, I’m sorry.” She looks at Bunky apologetically, “Yes, please come in.”
We step into the entryway. “Wait here. I’ll be right back with some treats.” She rushes away on her tippy toes to the kitchen. I presume.
The entryway looks dim and windy with prisms of multicolored light everywhere from the dark crystal reflections of the house’s structure. I am surprised how spooky it feels inside. Lots of shadows and casts of light.
With the dark feel to the house, I find it odd that she has numerous framed pictures of a cheerful seeming baby girl all over the walls. I think this makes the place seem even scarier. It is surprising how some are unaware of their neurosis and seem to have no idea of how others perceive them. On top of a silver chest of drawers, there appears to be a movie frame playing footage of the small girl flying and dancing in the air just above a flower garden. The little child’s joyful laughter seems like a creepy contradiction to the dark feel of the home. In the center of the room, I notice a hologram of floating yellow eyes raining tears onto the floor.
“I’m back,” the pretty fairy almost sings the words. In her hands she carries a silver platter of treats. “Come, come. Join me in the fancy room.”
“Ain’t that somthin’,” Bunky says as he smiles crookedly at me.
Wrinkling my nose at him, I wonder what he was up to. My mind spins with all sorts of thoughts and conclusions. As much as I should want to leave this house, I find myself quite curious about this delicate figure of a woman who seems to float though the house as light as air. It surprises me that a fairy lives in such a spooky home.
The breeze follows us into the fancy room like a ghost chasing after us. The fairy gestures for Bunky and I to sit down on her unusual sofa. The couch looks big and seems like three gargantuan Venus fly traps lined up, side by side. When I sit down between the green flexible teeth onto the red padded cushion, I sink into the flowers surprisingly comfortably, but a part of me is a little startled that the mouth of the couch might swallow me up whole like a fly. I try to fill my mind with comforting thoughts to pacify my nerves. As I inhale, I am at least somewhat relieved that the floral, airy scent of the fancy room is calming and helps me to relax.
Bunky does not appear worried at all. He sits down within the mouth of the flower without any qualm at all. His expression conveys absolute serenity. How does he do that?
With Bunky at my side, the charming fairy serves us. “These are the most delicious pixie pears and mallow fruit you have ever tasted.” Her voice is soft and lady-like. “I am sure you both will love them. I pride myself in my delectable treats. I suppose I am not original and am simply soaring with the ways of the fairies in Eucalyptus Falls.” Her cheeks cast a pink hue. Maybe she is embarrassed or nervous.
“Ooooh, I would love some,” I say eagerly, yearning to relish the prized fruits. I reach out to take some, but Bunky takes my hand and sets it on his knee. Even though it is not the appropriate time, tingling sensations rush through my body at Bunky’s touch. I try to ignore the orchestra in my mind. I should be annoyed that Bunky stops me from eating the woman’s delicacies. And as I think about how much I want to try them, I wonder why Bunky will not let me eat them.
“We’re not hungry,” Bunky says in his deep, silky tone that females seem to find enticing except for this fairy who scowls as Bunky talks and except for me right now because I feel hungry.
The fairy’s chin juts back the slightest bit. “Yes, but you must try my jam and cakes with cream.” Her tone seems even sweeter and more rhythmic than Bunky’s.
As I stare at the treats, my mouth waters. I gaze at the homemade delicacies and scheme of ways to sneak one of the mallow fruits. Maybe when Bunky is not looking, I can take just one.
Bunky raises an eyebrow. “Looks scrumptious. Not today. We’re fasting. You know—no food. Yeah?”
“Fasting?” The fairy’s yellow eyes widen almost as big as the sun itself. “Why?” she asks, her expression filled with seeming wonder.
Tilting his head down and pursing his lips for a moment, Bunky seems to contemplate. Then he says, “Fasting, uh, well, takes us out of the physical world. You see. It connects us more to the, uh, spiritual.” He tilts his head and looks at her curiously. “Eating no food makes us like angels. Gives us power. Yeah?”
She lifts her delicate chin up and looks at me and then at Bunky. “Angels fast?” she asks in a dreamlike voice as she scoots her pansy shaped chair so close to us that she nearly touches her knees against ours. Apparently, she seems interested in what Bunky has to say.
Bunky nods serenely. “Angels ain’t fast per say. You know? They just ain’t eating.” He chuckles lightly, apparently amused with himself.
Personally, I am confused and find his conversation odd, but the woman seems highly intrigued. I am wondering why we are here. Is Bunky trying to make money?
I notice the fancy room, as the fairy seems to call it, also displays on the dark crystal walls several framed pictures of the same baby girl that appears in the entryway. The baby wears cute little flower costumes of pink, blue, and white. I am afraid the strange baby might jump out of the walls and kill us with an axe.
“Look, we’re getting’ our bodies ready to go on a virtual mind dream later in the afternoon.” Bunky grins. “Fasting makes the trip more ethereal. Get what I’m sayin’?”
She nods as she holds very still with her eyes on Bunky. “How intriguing.” Her pale-yellow eyes sparkle with interest as she runs her delicate fingers through her long, shiny hair.
Bunky nods as he raises his arms up and places his hands behind his head leaning back on the Venus Flytrap sofa. “Good feelings come when you are outa your head. Get it?”
She giggles softly. “Ah, you are correct. We fairies know that better than anyone.” She smiles comfortably at Bunky and then turns suddenly to me, her eyes piercing. “What is a virtual mind dream?”
My eyes widen involuntarily because I have no idea whatsoever what it is, and it makes me uncomfortable that she looks at me so intensely.
Luckily, Bunky intervenes swiftly. “A virtual mind dream is bliss.” With a glint in his eyes, he pulls a glass ball out of his briefcase. “All ya gotta do is look at this crystal ball…”
She turns to him excitedly. “Crystal ball?”
“Yeah.” He looks around the room. I assume he must be well aware that this fine-featured fairy loves everything to do with crystal which may have been the reason he chose to pique her interest with a ball of it. “You gotta do it right. Just concentrate on the ball. Ain’t gotta rush. Let your mind shift to what you wanna see.”
With her ankles crossed on the floor, below her seat, she leans forward. “Are you saying I can have any experience I want by just staring into the crystal ball you sell?” Her eyes glaze.
Bunky’s expression seems serious now. “Ain’t saying nothing other, Mrs....” he pauses. “What your name?” He seems to search her eyes.
“Yes, I’m sorry.” A pink flush rises to the surface of her cheeks. Her eyes twinkle in apparent excitement like yellow diamonds. “I’m Shine Belle.”
“Ha!” Bunky laughs and slaps his knee. “Related to Tinker Bell, are ya?”
Shine Belle chortles too. “I have heard of her. Ancient mythology.” Her chin tilts down and she presses her naturally red lips together suppressing her laughter. I get the impression she seems pleased. “I’m surprised you know about Tinker Bell. But no—no relation.” She shakes her head, but her eyes look bright with joy.
Bunky shakes his head of thick black hair and smiles wide before speaking. “So, tell me what you want. I can help you get it. The first time is free. Huh?”
She hunches down in seeming contemplation. After a moment, she moves her pansy chair even closer to us. “I want to see my daughter again.” Looking away from us, she points at the pictures on the crystal walls. “There was this young comely woman with ringlets in her brown hair who lived by the Presco Mountain Lake below the forest’s cliffs. The woman rode her horses in the valleys and swam in the lake.
“One day I was weeping beside the waters because my husband was taken away and forced to live without me in Ashkelon. The woman approached me by surprise and placed roses and tulips in my long hair. I found that comforting.
“From then on, the two of us were friends. But I made a error.” She lifts her delicate hands to her cheeks, seemingly tormented with her memories.
“What mistake was that?” I ask, though her story causes my palms to sweat and my heart to race.
“I allowed her into my house. Every day the woman visited my home to play with my sweet infant girl. After some time, I relayed to her the prophesy of my baby.”
At that, my eyes widen. “What prophesy was that?” I ask, leaning in.
Shine Belle looks at me for a moment and nods her head. “I told the woman that my infant girl is half fairy and half mermaid. The prophesy reveals that my daughter will save the world from the secret society, Illume Nations, which turns out is the Unith Witch Coven in disguise.
At this point in her story, I feel my stomach twist in knots.
“My friend grew very upset when I told her the prophesy. She said that it is not right to brainwash a child into thinking she is a hero with such an absurd mission. If I tell my daughter this, it will harm her.”
“The two of us had a dreadful argument that night and the woman left my home in a fury. The next morning when I awoke, my sweet baby girl was gone. I searched and searched, but I never found Vanille Belle and I never saw the woman again.
A rush of adrenaline shoots through my body at hearing the name Vanille. How can this be?
“So, what I desire more than anything in the world is to see my sweet daughter and to know if she is safe.”
I do not know what to say. The pieces start coming together. Mum told me she used to swim in the lake in Presco Mountains. When Bunky offered to take us there to join the colony, she adamantly refused. Once we had no other feasible choice of a place to go, my mama surrendered, but insisted that I never go to the lake. This seemed so odd to me. I remember when President Zetler Hopskins told us, upon meeting him, that we could not cross the boundary line that separates the colony from the lake. Mum was relieved to hear of this extreme rule.
Was Mum Shine Belle’s friend? Did she kidnap Mrs. Belle’s baby? Am I Shine Belle’s baby? I look at the pictures on the wall as my eyes widen in horror.
My breathing deepens and I just do not know what to say. This brokenhearted fairy sitting before me, in her beauty and elegance, is my mother—my real mother. Mum stole me from this fairy.
4
“I’m feeling a little dizzy right now,” I whisper, brushing my tangled locks with my fingers. “Maybe we should go.”
“Oh, dear,” Shine responds with reservation in her soft voice. “You look a little green in the face.”
Bunky looks at me with concern. “Hey. You okay, Vanille?” He asks, putting his hand on my shoulder. He looks worried about me.
The fairy’s head juts up. Her body becomes erect in the pansy chair. “Vanille?” she asks with surprise.
Apparently realizing his mistake in calling me by name, Bunky also looks surprised and maybe even a little frightened that I might be upset with him. “I’m sorry,” he says to me, worry in his expression.
But I feel somewhat relieved that the truth seems to be unfolding before the three of us. I feel like running away, but now Shine appears to be figuring out that I may be her daughter on her own. Vanille is a very rare appellation and she would likely have suspicions of any young female with the same name as her daughter. That is if we are even the same age. Possibly I am not actually her daughter.
The fairy’s eyes appear to well up as she stares at me. “Vanille Belle?” she asks me in a baby voice like she is speaking to her infant.
The way Shine Belle says my appellation causes my heart to heat. My throat tightens. “Are you talking to me?” I manage to choke out. The way she speaks to me in that baby voice seems so familiar like from another life.
“How did you find me?” Tears stream down her face as she touches my cheek.
My body tenses at her touch. “The music in my mind seems to call me here, but I am not sure if you are my mother. After hearing your story about the woman who lived by the lake and stole your baby…” I bite my lip.  “Thinking of it all, I put the pieces together and…” As my eyes well, I shake my head.
She places her hand on the center of her chest as she continues to look at me. “The music?” Her eyes appear to grow wide with seeming wonder. “I bet the melody you hear in your thoughts is the lake music. Your father must be calling you to Ashkelon!”
Shine embraces me in her arms. I feel a mix of emotions. It all feels so strange. She hugs me for a very long time. My emotions feel so jumbled that I cannot seem to really know what I feel. Shine Belle must be my mother. It seems like it would be too much of a coincidence that Bunky would bring me here. Bunky must know.
On one hand, I feel that Mum robbed me of my birthright by stealing me away from Shine Belle, but on the other hand, I feel relieved that I may be learning the truth. I have always felt like an outsider in Los Angeles and now I am guessing probably this is why I feel like that. I do not belong there.
While Shine hugs me, I look into Bunky’s uneasy eyes. “Is she my mother?” I whisper to Bunky.
He smiles at me and the tension he has been storing within seems to leave his body. “Yeah. I thought maybe, uh, you might like to know.” He takes my hand and squeezes it. “I ain’t planning to tell ya so quick. You know? I think to myself it’s better to break in the idea slowly, but then it comes out by mistake. Huh?”
When Shine releases me from the embrace, I am still holding Bunky’s hand. His lips turn up on one side in that charming, crooked grin and he looks at Shine. “I guess I can put away my, uh, crystal ball.” The tone of his voice seems ironic.
Shine smiles wide, showing all her perfect white teeth. “This is so much better than a virtual dream. In fact…” she nods her head as she wipes away tears from her face, “…this is the best day of my life.”
Then I begin to wonder if Bunky told the truth about trying to break the news to me slowly. Maybe he set up the salesman scenario of the crystal ball to lead the conversation in the direction it went. I look closely at his gorgeous face as he speaks with Shine. There seems to be a wicked glint in his eyes that warns me that he may have anticipated her reactions to his enticing sale’s pitch and directed the unfolding of information that led to the final epiphany. He is a warlock after all. Chills finger up my spine. I really don’t mind though and feel actually quite impressed with his skills. Maybe I am reading too much into this.
Then Shine pauses in her conversation with Bunky. She looks at him curiously.
Bunky continues to speak, but she doesn’t reply. “Mrs. Belle?” Bunky glances at me.
I shrug my shoulders. “Shine, are you okay?”
She shakes her head side to side like she is waking herself up. “Oh, I’m sorry.” She turns to Bunky. “Are you a warlock?”
He chortles, his face lights with surprise. It looks like his cheeks are flushing slightly. “Certainly not!” He turns to me, chuckling lightly now.
I laugh too, trying to cover for him. “You don’t really believe that prophesy. Do you?” I roll my eyes as my breathing speeds up a little.
“Yes, I do,” she says in a soft yet serious tone. “You should too, Vanille Belle.”
Watching her, I shrug again. “Well, you don’t have to worry about Bunky. He’s my protector.”
Bunkys gold eyes shift side to side. “Well, I ain’t no punk. I’m just a regular ol’ fairy,” Bunky smiles wryly with that comment. His eyes look playful now. “I got a few bags ah tricks up my sleeves, but I ain’t no punk.” He chuckles again.
“Well, Bunky…” she frowns, “I hate to say it, but you may have some competition for Vanille’s heart sometime soon.”
He snickers at that. “Nobody ain’t gonna to take my woman from me.”
Fireworks go off in my mind at his explication. I like the way he said that. Bunky Ohare loves me! Could it be true?
“Fate will be what it will be, so I s­­urrender.” She looks at me and puts her hand on my arm. “I’m just so glad to have my baby back.” She starts to cry a little too loudly and the fancy room shakes just a little, but then she stops herself. A smile spreads on her face as she touches my cheek.
A lump grows in my throat. Shine Belle can make earthquakes too. I bite my lip and look at Bunky. He is nodding his head. “Mother like daughter,” he mumbles.
“When I saw your long white hair, my heart warmed,” Shine says to me. “You look like your father. He has the same hair. I miss him.”
“What happened to him?” I ask, trying to swallow the lump that is impairing my breathing.
“A witch cursed him to the life of a merman. His hair turned from black to white. His wings fell from his back. And she cast him to the ocean at the strike of dawn, but before he left, he impregnated me with you. She said all his descendants will become mers at puberty. You will always be a fairy, Vanille, but at puberty you will become a mermaid.”
If it was not already crazy enough just being a mermaid. I want to tell her that these wings are not really mine and that Bunky put them on my back with magic, but if I tell her that she might hate Bunky because he is a warlock. In fact, she probably will. I see wings on my back in the baby pictures on the crystal walls. I wonder what happened to them. I am so confused. I have no way to ask her without giving Bunky away.
We spend the next couple of hours talking with Shine.  Mostly Shine and I tell each other about our lives since we were apart. Both of us feel sad that we did not experienced the time together. But my mixed feelings have not dissipated. Even though, I feel that I should have been with Shine Belle, I do not think I would want to trade my past with Mum, my father, and Zip.
Even though I have jumbled feelings about Mum too, I love her even with all her flaws and even with her betrayals. I know Mum was only doing what she thought was best. She is dogmatic about her beliefs and I bet she truly believed that if she left me with Shine Belle, I would be brainwashed inappropriately into a prophesy that would harm me. I do not know what is so bad about that. Mum wants to destroy the Unith Witch Coven herself. Why would she mind if I do it instead? Then I recall her paganistic practices that emulate witchcraft and magic of the dark side. Maybe Mum is not on the side I think she is on. Maybe she is a witch!
Oh, that cannot be. My mind must be running away with itself! Mum abhors the Unith Witch Coven! I feel faint and look over at Bunky who is standing in front of one of my baby holograms now while examining it.
“Now that we have found each other,” Shine says, “…we’ll have to decorate your bedroom just the way you like it.”
“What!” I say more as a statement than as a question.
“You are only twenty-years-old, Vanille Belle. You have to live with your mother.” She looks at me with a confused expression on her face. “You do plan to live with me—don’t you?”
Her expectations frighten me. I start to panic. “I’ve never thought about it.” I look at Bunky again. He looks over at me from before the hologram. His eyes are slightly wide as his chin moves back. I am guessing that he is as surprised as me. “I mean, I’ve lived a whole other life,” I say to Shine Belle. “It would be a huge change. To move in your house would be so odd after everything I have been through.” I lift my shoulders as I inhale deeply.
The corners of Shine Belle’s naturally red lips fall. “Oh. I understand.” She gazes at the baby pictures on the crystal wall. “Shell really did ruin my life.”
“Look,” Bunky brushes his black shiny bangs off his forehead and says to Shine, “You say so yourself that Vanille’s father is calling her to Ashkelon…”
“Yes. I did mention that.” She sighs and looks at the floor.
“Hey. Why don’t Vanille go to see her father? She can come back? Right?” He nods encouragingly as his eyelids raise.
Her eyes lift too at his suggestion. “Oh?” she mumbles. Her cheeks turn pinkish in color.
“A trip ain’t no waste. You know? Time to think. She don’t know Shell ain’t her mama until now. Huh?”
She smiles lightly as she leans back in her pansy chair. “You’re right.” She sets her hand on my knee. “It would be good for you to meet your father.”
Shine Belle kisses me maybe a thousand times before we leave. I like her a lot. My mind is on overload that I don’t know what to feel.
After we are outside and away from the dark crystal house walking through a field of flowers, Bunky says, “Let’s get out of here. Yeah?”
“Yes,” I respond with wide, determined eyes hoping to escape from it all.
“Come on,” Bunky says as he pulls me up out of the daisies and violets into the sky. His pale blue fairy wings that match my gown flutter from his back. My white exotic wings that look like big sheer petals extend also as we soar hand in hand in the blue expanse. Though I feel awkward in my flight, I am maybe beginning to get the hang of flying.
We flutter through an assemblage of young fairies joining in a game of soccer in the firmament. Gleaming pixies with adorable faces hold up goals made of bamboo and phosphorescent ribbons. The fairy boys and girls dribble a ball across the blue-grey expanse and a tiny female with many ponytails in her tresses and teal-colored wings on her back that flap very rapidly scores for her team. The ball fires through the goal right as we pass by. Cheers and mirth seem to fill the sky.
I giggle at the scene. But suddenly I am startled out of my frivolity. One of the mechanical unicorns we saw earlier when we first entered Eucalyptus Falls, greets Bunky and me. It surprises me to observe that in addition to his protruding horn in the center of his forelock, the unicorn appears to possess giant white feathered wings that extend regally from his back.
“Well, hello to you,” the unicorn says in a dimwitted, manly tone of voice. As we look at him, his legs rear up with a screech of metal against metal and flail out in the sky.
Bunky and I stop midair. I am more than surprised with this strange robot creature’s salutation.
“Uh, my apologies for my shrill, cackly joints. Very loud, I know. I require a decent oiling.” He seemingly jokes and snivels air out of his extensive nostrils.
“No problema,” Bunky says in Spanish as he lifts an eyebrow and grins wryly. I can tell Bunky finds the robot ridiculously humorous.
“You should not depart from the fairies without a fanciful thought to embellish your mind.” The unicorn’s wings are so huge that every time they wave in the air, wind rushes against our figures and we are propelled backwards.
“Okay then,” Bunky squeezes my hand. “Shoot.” Our wings flutter wildly to maintain our spots in the sky.
“Well,” the robotic animal tilts his head up and over to the side in seeming contemplation. “Hmm…”
After some time, I cross my arms over my chest irritably and Bunky sniggers jokily.
“I, uh…” The power-driven unicorn looks at us probingly. “This is odd—I cannot think of anything to say.”
Bunky and I look at each other and laugh.
“Must be a software design glitch.” Bunky and I listen to the high pitch sound of light twirling backward as the robot apparently reprograms.
To our amazement, a soft womanly voice now comes out of the creature. “Dreamdrop, the automate Pegasus, naps.” The Pegasus coughs as it rolls onto its back. His wings continue to wave upside down as if on automatic pilot.
“Be warned,” the female voice articulates. “Trespassers have penetrated the border of Eucalyptus Falls. Stringent caution is counseled.”
Bunky and I turn to each other with flashes of misunderstanding in our eyes. The Pegasus-unicorn creature looks ludicrous suspended midair with his hooves sticking straight above his abdomen as he snores.
“Caution,” the female voice continues. An alarm starts to sound out of the robot. “Caution, I repeat.”
My heartrate increases. I stare below looking to see if I can find anybody on the earth’s surface in Eucalyptus Falls, but we are way too high in the sky. I seem to only recognize the outlines of land formations. Specific details like fairies or their houses blend into the landscape from this distance above.
“Do you think the colony is searching for us in Eucalyptus Falls?” I ask Bunky.
His nostrils flare. “Let’s go,” Bunky says, his low, deep voice edged with seeming adrenaline. He grips my hand and wrenches me ahead super swiftly through the great expanse.
The female voice sounding from the Pegasus creature, said there are intruders within their border. I fear the intruders may be the Presco Mountain Colony members. If my suspicions are correct, the colony will either kill Bunky and me or force the two of us back in an atrocious dungeon where they will most likely torture us again. Bunky and I may be in danger. That is, if the intruders are in fact after the two of us. We still do not know for sure. The trespassers may be after the fairies instead.
Considering of some of the possibilities, my body trembles as we rush through the sky. But then suddenly, we overhear a loud noise and my opinions shift. Bunky and I look back in the direction of the sound to evaluate the circumstances.
In a rush, a mega-sized butterfly net scoops through the air. What in the world? I freeze for a moment. The net appears to move swiftly, sweeping the sky. The pole looks as if it lengthens and contorts through a programed device. It must be controlled through an outpost, maybe through satellite, computer operated. I observe that the rim of the circumference that supports the net seems to be lined with detection eyeballs set in metal lids. Sensory codes seem to be in play.
I know that before the Unith Witch Coven takeover, the United States military used synthetic eyeballs on their jet cruisers to scope landscapes and airways for relaying visual information back to the bureau. I imagine these devices are of a similar sort. That makes me wonder again who is controlling this gigantic net and who or what are they trying to catch? And for what purpose? This apparatus seems too advanced for the Presco Mountain Colony. I never saw anything of the sort while I was living amongst the community. I suppose they would hide this kind of technology if they possessed it.
Moving relatively fast, the metal circumference supporting the butterfly net bangs against the skull of the Pegasus causing him to spiral through the sky. Seeing this, I gasp as my hand flies to my mouth. The way it hits the robot’s cranium, seems like a thoughtless blunder.
But all at once, an explosion of fire shoots up from below, striking the Pegasus. My eyes fly open wide. The poor creature explodes in a visually explicit strength. I quiver as I wade in the air with my white gossamer wings fluttering. The fire seems so scorching that the Pegasus disintegrates rapidly. It all seems so strange and unpredictable. The intense destruction pains me. But more disturbing than that is the recognition that at any second Bunky and I may be the next victims.
Wide eyes, Bunky, with his wings extended, shakes his head in seeming disbelief. The blood looks drawn from his handsome face. “That’s our exit cue,” Bunky says as he pulls me speedily through the clouds.
With my hair blowing through the wind behind me, I hear the swish of the massive net behind Bunky and I as it sweeps the sky. Flying through the clouds, I seem to not be able to perceive anything but the fog of white surrounding us. Then, unexpectedly before us, the net contorts, recoils and then scoops again barely missing us. Bunky and I take a sharp turn to the right. From the sound of it, the huge net makes its next sweep to the left. Seemingly, the net cannot see Bunky and me through the white fog.
Breathing heavy, I call out, “Can’t you invoke an incantation to stop the pursuers of to destroy the net?” Even though I can only see the white cloud surrounding us, it feels like we are moving fast. I squeeze his hand to encourage a response.
“Hey, I tried…” he hollers out to me, his breath seems to catch in his throat a little as he yells,” “…but the net gotts light energy streaming through it. Yeah? Witchcraft is defenseless against light energy. Light is part of the unstoppable power.”
Upon hearing this, my body seems to weaken as he pulls me through the sky. “Unstoppable power?” I feel confused and pessimistic with his prior relay of information.
I feel the warmth of his hand and a slight movement of his fingers over my skin. “Light ain’t no easy concept,” he yells to me. “Not all spells work. You know?”
Distracted from what he says, my heart jackhammers inside my ribcage when I hear the metal pole extend directly above Bunky and me. It’s a loud screeching sound. “Dodge left,” I yell to Bunky.
But it seems we are out of time and that there is no escape. The massive net rises straight over our heads. My eyes widen in fear. For maybe a split second, I can see the apparatus over Bunky and me so near that the white fog does not impede my view. The net swoops down fast barely missing our bodies.
Bunky jerks me into his arms and makes an unforeseen right-angle dive downwards. In a sudden cease of movement, Bunky halts midair inside a new gathering of white gasses out of the route of the net.
“With that graphic shot,” Bunky calls out to me, “whoever gotts control of that light power ain’t not seen us. Huh?”
Is Bunky giving up? “Why don’t you incant a shield over us for protection?” I search through the mist to see his gleaming gold eyes.
Bunky takes my face into his hands caringly. “Light is all powerful. I ain’t got strength against it.”
I relish his touch, but his explanation sends cold fingers up my spine. The words rush out of me, “Why don’t you say a chant to cause us to dissolve or vanish to an alternate place?” I try to keep my voice steady, but the rush is more distressed.
His long fingers slide down my cheeks. “Warlocks ain’t got that ability,” he says to me.  “At least not at my level.” Up close, I perceive a seeming glint of fierceness in his big gold puppy dog eyes. “Warlocks ain’t omnipotent. You know?” He shakes his head. “I ain’t ever see nobody harness light against witchcraft.”
My thoughts whirl in my mind. “I don’t want them to catch us.” I am too young to die.
Bunky stares at me impassively. I wonder what he is thinking. My heart clenches as I detect a hint of love in his eyes as he gazes at me. “Stay strong, Vanille.” His voice is loud because of the air noise, but soft in essence.
My body tenses.
Bunky slides his fingers over my mouth. I hear a murmur. His voice seems faint as he appears to whisper something. I guess he must be invoking a kind of peaceful incantation. Almost at once, my body relaxes.
I see sparkles in his gold eyes that remind me of the stars. He pulls me closer to him. I can feel the sensual rise and fall of his chest. “There is so much I want to do with you?” he murmurs in my ear.
I feel goosebumps rise on my skin. And I surrender to him. His lips touch mine. They are so soft. His breath tickles me like a feather as his lips slide down my neck. Then he pulls me closer and kisses me on the mouth like the world is ending. A piano sonata plays in my mind and I am sure he hears the same song.
I never want the kisses to end. But then, suddenly, all at once, he stops.
“Vanille, ya gotta fly away.” His deep, low voice edges with determination. “I’ll distract ’em. They ain’t gonna catch both of us if we are separate. You know?”
“I’ll never leave you,” I say. “I’d rather die in your arms than live without you.”
“Go,” he says forcefully as he pushes me away. But then, the net comes down upon us and we are thrown back together into the netting.
5
Together, Bunky and I tumble pugnaciously to the recess of the massive butterfly net. I somersault on top of Bunky. He releases a piercing holler. And in the chaos, the rapid jolts of the snare fling my body to the side.
The net calms for a minute. I hope, somehow, we can climb out. With my cheek hard-pressed against the trap, I realize the meshwork Bunky and I are ensnared in is formed of tiny steel spokes. I struggle to gain a stable position. Once I am flat on my backside and feel like I can breathe for a moment, with my heart racing, I look over at Bunky. He has managed to struggle to his backside within the net as well. I look up and briefly see the sky and clouds. Maybe we can climb up the sides of the meshing and free ourselves. Wrong! Before I can even grab the sides of the net, thin, steel wires start to wrap around our bodies, enveloping Bunky and I next to each other in individual incasements like mummies. I am shocked.
“We still got our heads. Right?” Bunky says in an ironic, dry parched voice as he looks at my uncovered head that protrudes from the metal cocoon. The rest of our body parts are trapped inside the steel encasings. His grin seems sardonic. Blood oozes from the side of his eye and nose. Seemingly, he must have been originally flung face first into the apparatus. The thin, steel spokes must have sliced his skin on the sharp edges.
Under the circumstances, I cannot laugh. I fight to free my body from the inside of the metal encasing, but as I heave my frame against the spokes, my legs and arms batter against the cocoon and cause me dreadful pains. I see no way to free myself. Whatever being controls this apparatus seems to have entombed us with no possibility of escape. I feel my hot blood rush to my heart at this realization.
“No matter what our fate…” Bunky says, his voice sounding parched in his throat, “…We are together. You know? Together in the music of our minds.”
“Yeah,” I whisper. I try to crane my neck to the side to look into his gold eyes, but his face seems to blur in my vision. The blue firmament above us seems to whirl as the net moves in a winding motion downwards.
My eyes widen in dread. Abruptly, under the encasing, I feel miniscule, slender steel spears pierce through my skin. I shriek in agony. I cannot control my yelp. The penetration feels cold and sharp like needles injected into my form all over and all at once.
Bunky’s voice sounds tight and strained as he struggles to free himself from the steel webbed cocoon. The minuscule spikes must be inserting into his body too. “If they take you from me and we live. Huh? Talk through the songs.” Even though Bunky is next to me, so close in proximity, his voice seems to trail off into the abyss. To my ears, his communication becomes muffled and distant. I am not sure, but I guess he maybe invoking a spell or vocalizing some sort of magic ritual, but the sounds seem jumbled in my thoughts.
I notice prickly impressions throughout my physique. It is like I am tingling all over. “How do I communicate through the songs?” I try to ask Bunky through clenched teeth. I inhale a serrated breath as my upper body seems to shudder. “Nobody ever taught me how to talk to you in the music,” the words rush out of me in undertone. “I am not sure who I talk to.” The quality of my speech seems like a hoarse murmur. In my despair, I feel my eyes well up with salty water, but when I try to lift my head, the tears fall onto the steel sheathing and are red like blood.
As a natural response, even though I am in the encasing, I attempt to lift my hand to wipe away the blood from my eyes, but my arm is weighty, and I cannot seem to move it. Horror shoots through my thoughts. What is this apparatus doing to Bunky and me?
Beneath the spiked steel sheathing, I attempt to move my limbs. I cannot get any other part in my frame to move either. It seems that my physique is paralyzed. The needle like spears probably injected some paralyzing substance into my system.
I must relay to Bunky that I love him. The music in my mind seems to will me to express my devotion. What if I never see him again? The idea is unbearable. I feel that it is vital that I confess my feelings to him even though he may not feel the same way I do, but I cannot seem to move my lips. Oh, no! Apparently, my face has anaesthetized too. It is totally numb!
The song amplifies in my thoughts so intensely that I assume I would not be able to hear Bunky anymore even if he were to try to communicate with me. Is Bunky paralyzed also? It is likely he has been subjected to the same fate as me. My heart thunders in my chest. At least I can feel my insides even if I cannot move any body parts. So, I must be alive with a physical body and not only a soul which has left my form. At that small recognition, I pass into unconsciousness.

My eyes fly open brushing against something. I can’t see. My mind whirls as vertigo seems to overtake my body. “Bunky?” I say—the sound seems obscured. Bunky’s name seems to come out of my lips in a muffled way. There is weight on my mouth. Something must be covering it.
My face feels weird. I think it must be wrapped in something. As I struggle to gain consciousness, I realize the weight on my face must be bandages. My whole face seems to be wrapped in white gossamer cloth. Even my eyes are covered, but I can see some light through the fabric. This alarms me. It is so bizarre.
I wonder where I am. Breathing through the cloth, I attempt to orient my judgements. Wrapped up like this gives me anxiety because I am forced to breathe in my exhalations. It is a suffocating feeling.
After some contemplation, I recollect being trapped in an enormous light driven butterfly net. Memories flood back into my mind as I remember. Someone trapped Bunky and me inside small steel spokes and then the needle-like tips below the encasing seemed to puncture my body. The spikes seemed to slide deep into the skin and membranes. Upon entry, the pain shocked my system, but shortly thereafter, my body apparently numbed, and all sensations ceased before I slipped into unconsciousness. It terrified me to be trapped in such a state of utter paralysis.
The recollections direct my feelings ablaze. Where is Bunky? I wonder if he is asleep in the same vicinity. It is possible that he is beside me. “Bunky?” His name scratches my already dry throat.
Bunky does not respond to my call.
My body feels weary. I struggle to move. At first my body feels stiff like it has been out of use for some time, but with effort I seem to be able to wiggle my limbs. The more I work at moving my arms and legs, the more movement comes back to them. What a relief! The idea of living my life imprisoned inside a paralyzed body that I am not able to control seems like a real nightmare. And, at least, now, in relief, I feel the vibrations of my innards sequence through me. Though my life force has returned, I am strapped down to some sort of bed.
With my fingers, I feel around my torso and limbs. There seems to be fabric sashes wrapped over my chest, stomach, and around what feels like a single-size bed, not a king or queen, that I lie upon.
Relieved to have movement in my arms, I reach my hand up to my face and touch it assiduously. One of my eyes hurts. And as I become more cognizant of my senses, I feel the warm, stinging sensations of lesions on my face.
With care, I undo the gossamer dressings from my face. I notice that the room I am tied up in is tranquil and noiseless. I do not know where Bunky is yet. I wonder if Bunky and I are alone in this room because aside from the measured, sorrowful song playing in my head, the silence seems blaring.
I struggle lifting my head to unwind the dressings because of the vertigo I am undergoing. With trepidation, I manage to begin at my chin and gradually unwrap upwards. The gauze adheres to minor, dried slashes and incisions on my chin and cheeks.
With the pull of the gossamer wrappings, I flinch, but the pain feels miniscule compared to the ruthless torture I experienced in the Presco Mountain Dungeon from Octavina, that cold-hearted, cruel guard in pink uniform who barely escaped with her life when I collapsed the chamber walls with my high-pitched wails. Certainly, ripping open some minor lacerations does not compare to the ruthless attacks she perpetrated on my body with her electrocution baton. Simply the flashbacks of Octavina’s punishments strengthen my determination. I feel somewhat venged that Bunky speared her in her eye with a rock.
Just as I am about to pull the last of the gauze off my eyes and head, I detect the slightest rustle. In a panicked rush, I wrench the bandages off, ripping a layer of skin off my eyelid as the gossamer sticks to the membrane. I release a sudden yelp. Yet, worse than the sharp sting and the exposed flesh on my eyelid that burns, is the shock before my eyes.
Belzera Lampeer is staring me in the face with her glistening grey eyes. I abhor her! Shadows of the night cast across her perfect dome model type countenance that seems stunning upon first glance until one falls victim to her shady machinations.  By then it is too late and her beauty dissolves to beastly. Belzera’s brown waves of shoulder length tresses fall to the sides of her cheeks. From the glow of the lantern set on the little wooden stand beside her, I observe the scar on her countenance flush as it often does when her emotions seem set ablaze.
Belzera appears to have the slightest grin on her face that repulses my senses yet somewhat softens her sharp features as she towers, with her tall body over me. I am unable to help but recoil upon looking at her muscular and sleek physique, recalling how ferociously overpowering she acted when she forced me down on the ground in the Presco Mountain forest and spit in my open mouth before mutilating my chest.
More hatred flares up in me.
“Hello there, Vanille Cossette.” Belzera’s voice resonates in a husky and sultry tone much like a dome cinema star’s voice. “I saw you stripped,” she scoffs. “The mutilations on your chest look more protruding than I could have wished for. The scar says, ‘whore.’” Belzera sets her fingers on my chest.
I cringe from her touch. The trauma I suppress from her inflictions rush back to me. With the memories in full blare, I feel like a little mouse caught in a trap looking up at its all-powerful slayer. The emotions of helplessness and horror I experienced back when Belzera held me to the ground and engraved into my flesh with a knife assault my mind. Right now, I feel like I am in the same position. Again, I am positioned as the weak and the powerless one trapped under her conspiracies.
But I have changed. I am not going to allow her to diminish me as she did prior. Not this time. Never again will I allow her to abuse me. My physical impairments cannot get in the way. Even though I feel bewildered and exhausted from the injections, the wounds, and the paralysis, my odium burns stronger.
Belzera Lampeer took away my control. Belzera Lampeer cheated me of my human pride. Belzera Lampeer sent me to a life of dreadful imprisonment.
I chomp down rigid on my lower lip as I attempt to contain the fury that now roars inside of me. With everything in me, I do not want Belzera to know that she riles me. At that, my hands ball into tight fists. With all this turmoil locked in, if I were not tied down so firmly, I would surely tear her head off her neck.
Despite my bouts of feebleness, incarceration has hardened me and even though my figure is slighter than hers, I now possess an aggressive willpower that I did not tap into in the past. This inner determination may be a new asset. It seems to level the playing field more than it had prior. Not only that, after my puberty started and my mermaid transformation surfaced, my physique strengthened as well as it changed into a shapelier form. No longer am I the frail weakling Belzera took advantage of before my incarceration into the dungeon.
What is that? I notice a sensation. In my contained inner rage, I must have opened a cut. I feel a thin trickle of blood slide from the corner of my eye and down my cheek. With the back of my fingers, I wipe it off and smear the red liquid onto the white sheet. Glancing around, I realize I am tied down on the same bed that I used to sleep in Mum’s cabin, the same place I resided prior to the time I was sentenced to life imprisonment for unlawfully passing over the boundary line that separates Presco Mountain Colony from the infamous lake. My heart clenches at the thought that Mum may be nearby. I wonder where she is and I wonder where Bipsy, my little Maltese that Bunky gave me, is.
The sheer cream-colored drapes are drawn shut on the windows and I as I look, I notice the moonlight shining through. “Where is Bunky?” I attempt to force my voice into a steady rhythm so to not reveal my rage.
She tosses her head. “Bunky Ohare bolted.” Her annoying grin seems understated yet contemptuous.
With this new information, my blue eyes widen causing another trickle of blood to roll down my face.
“I suppose your illiterate boyfriend could care diddle about you now.” Her grey eyes gleam as she looks down at me on the bed.
It bothers me that she talks about Bunky in a condescending manner. “What do you mean, Belzera?” I hope to encourage her to talk as a distraction, so I can figure out a way to get the sashes freed that pin my body down on the bed.
“Bunky Ohare is an intense guy.” Belzera shakes her head like she is appreciating a memory of past. “The paralyzing fluids must not have tranquilized him properly the way they did you. When the colony members lowered the net to the ground, it appeared as if you and Bunky were both unconscious.” She rakes her fingers through her brown hair at the recollection. “Your foolish mama ran to you, gushing and feverish. President Zetler Hopskins had to pull the skinny idiot off you. I bet your mommy gets wallops and lashes for that. What a weakling.” At that, she chuckles as she presses her cheeks in her hands. As her laughter fades, in the glow of the lantern light, she saunters over to a cupboard on the other side of the cabin bedroom.
I am unable to control my feelings—at the mention of Mum, my eyes well up with tears. Hot blood fills my heart as I moll over the idea that she might still care about me. Even in my vehemence, I miss Mum. The recognition causes me to feel queasy. Why do I care for a lady who abducted me from my true biological mom? Kidnapping a baby is a serious crime. She caused terrible pain to Shine Belle. Mum’s actions are despicable. With all my inner angst, it does not appear as if Belzera notices my reaction to her explication.
While my enemy is standing before the cupboard looking for something, I run my hands over the sashes that tie my torso down on the bed. I guess the knots must be under the frame that supports the mattress because the surface of the fabric feels smooth. My arms are unimpeded, so I wrench at the sashes, besieged internally, as I try to feed the knot upwards. I seem to be making headway, but I cannot allow Belzera to see my efforts. I strain to raise my chest as a ploy to slacken and stretch the fabric so I might maneuver my frame around more liberally. My attempts seem successful.
Still over by the cupboards, Belzera continues to talk. “First, Hopskins’s team unfastened your body from the fierce apparatus you were cocooned inside.” With crooked eyes, she glances over at me fleetingly as she strokes her nails over her shiny, wavy brown locks.
It seems to me that Belzera acts elated to be the first to relay the story over to me in her specific style. I am guessing her fixation on me has to do with her attraction to Bunky. She must see me as competition. I am not used to other women viewing me that way. In my past experiences, I was more of a wallflower. Usually, nobody noticed me. As Belzera rambles on as she opens and closes cupboard doors, her egotism seems to escalate, which seems propitious for me because her speech and whatever she is searching for in the cupboards seems to keep her engrossed in her chatter rather than on my machinations.
“After the team got your virtually inert, condemned body from the butterfly net, President Hopskins instructed Shell Cossette into the guard’s custody and he made the chef, his woman, and their children transport you to this old shack where the family fastened your body down and bandaged your injuries.”
With Belzera’s explication of what happened to me, a sudden epiphany comes to mind. I suspect the reasons why the chef and his domestics did such a sloppy job binding me to the cot. Perhaps they hope for me to escape! I am dumfounded why the chef and his kin might desire my freedom, but, upon consideration, what other reasons would they have for tying my body down in such a pitiful manner that even the most senseless woman could break free from if rendered the opportunity? They did not lock me down with any digital devices. They did not use steel catches bound to torture kits. They just used basic, modest sashes. It is almost absurd!
Before my incarceration, I was slightly sociable with the chef and his relatives. I certainly did not consider them friends though. My mind rewinds back. As I recall, mostly only Mum seemed friendly with the group. Mum worked as a vegetable cutter in the cafeteria at times. Now that I ponder, I remember that Mum from time-to-time jotted down recipes and curative therapies and told me to bring the notes to the chef late in the night when everyone in the colony seemed to be sleeping.
“Once you were out of the way, several of Hopskins’s men unfastened Bunky. From my view, it appeared as if your man was dead. His body seemed totally unresponsive. From my perspective, I did not see any rise or fall of his chest like I saw with you. No breathing. One of the team members hooted out to the others, ‘Bunky Ohare is dead!’ Yet just as the statement released from the man’s lips, your Bunky jumped to life. And before anyone could do anything, he broke the guy’s head right off. Hardly a second passed before he attacked the other men. Bunky ripped their limbs from their torsos and broke their necks…”
Unsettled upon hearing of the brutality, yet relieved to hear that Bunky is still alive, I tug slightly at the sashes tying me down. To my surprise, I realize that the fabric seems to be undoing. From the ampleness, it seems as if the sashes may have only been secured in slip knots. From my ranching experience with horses, I am accustomed to this kind of tie.
I cannot help but widen my eyes when I observe Belzera pull a syringe from the cupboard she is perusing through. Is she going to use that syringe on me?  She walks over to another cupboard and opens the facing. Leaning over, she appears to scrutinize the labels on a variety of bottles that I assume are filled with various solutions. My stomach constricts as I face the fact that she is most likely planning to fill the hypodermic and inoculate me with some type of toxic or mind-altering preparation.
Belzera continues rambling cheerily in her irritating and croaky voice as she looks. “Hopskins tried to shoot Bunky with his laser gun, but Bunky was too fast. Your boyfriend ran up a tree and then man just seemed to vanish into thin air. Who could figure? Nobody could find Bunky Ohare anywhere. It was intriguing actually. How’d he do that?” Her gray eyes appear to widen in seeming bafflement when she turns to me. “It was a shock for sure!”
With her staring at me now, I try to stay very still, hoping she will not detect my machinations.
“President Hopskin’s has assigned a search party to look for Bunky now. Tomorrow is the colony gathering where the members will be addressing your mama’s upsurge. After her sentencing, the colony members will evaluate your criminalities of escaping the Presco Mountain Dungeon and for leveling is walls…”
At that, Belzera saunters toward me with the now full syringe in one of her hands. “The most exciting part of it all is the rumors that you, Vanille Cossette, are going to be used for medical experimentation. Your misconducts are the most offensive and warrant the strictest condemning. I am curious—have you ever experienced the skin pared off your whole body? Laboratory monkeys inoculated with epidermis consumption venoms have been demonstrated to show some regeneration with full body skin pairing. Though, the little guys usually die from the doses…”
With her scare tactics flowing from her mouth, I twist my body, flinging myself front down on the mattress where I grasp beneath and wrench the enduring slip knots open.
Belzera wrenches me backwards by my locks. My body pitches in the other direction onto the cot. My fury flames up inside me something crazy-like and I seize the oil lamp from the table. Without pause, I hurl it against the cot’s frame. The oil spills all over and in no time, it catches on fire. In a wrath of fury, I grasp a shard of glass from the shattered oil lamp. I rush at Belzera. Hurling my arm back and then forward with all my power, I tear the shard of glass across Belzera’s chest in the same region that she mutilated my body. Blood floods from the wound.
Stunned from my sudden turn of vehemence, Belzera wrenches me to the floor. I wrestle with her and, to my surprise, I succeed in shoving her strong body onto her back. The blood rushes through my body and I am aggressively out of control. The blood from my eye wound hinders my vision, but I easily gash the skin on her stomach. Gray and white vapors twist up from the flames. I try not to cough as smoke from the oil fire fills the room. My chest rises and falls fast as I feel like I am hyperventilating. And while Belzera’s bewilderment seems to overtake her, I dash out of the log cabin.
6
My heart slams like a jackhammer against my ribcage. As I look out at the black sky wading like an ominous spirit over the clearing, my stomach churns. I am hungry, but there is no time to eat. With the back of my hand, I smear the blood away from my eye for sharper vision. The clearing appears empty except for the fiery torches lit upon the center platform where whippings and criminal judgments and sentencings befall. Soon after sunrise, my mama will likely suffer community whippings upon the platform for wailing out in my defense. Mum deserves worse punishment for her other secret crimes, but as I have this thought, my heart aches through the rapid beats. From what I can tell, the oil lamps are mostly turned out in the colony’s cabins that are set in concentric circles in the woodsy terrain.
As I linger, assessing the situation, it seems to me as if everyone is sleeping. But I suspect the colony members will awake from the ghostly smoke that dances from my Mum’s cabin as the walls burn in temper. As forbidding as it seems, I hope Belzera succumbs to her death inside the burning lodge. I hope to never see her and her misleading beauty again. I hope my vengeance is rewarded—conclusively, once and for all. Belzera is not only a menace to my existence, but also a danger to my bond with Bunky, my love. Belzera seems to have always possessed a relentless desire for Bunky since our arrival at Presco Mountains. She does not really love him. He is simply a conquest like a childish trophy to win and then flaunt before her peers. It seems she will stop at nothing to hurt me and to possess my love for herself.
My throat feels parched as my tongue lays like led—heavy in my mouth. I hope the whole Presco Mountain Colony fires up in flames. Except for my mama. I want her to thrive despite the part of me that despises her. Mum betrayed me. She abducted me as an infant. She hurt Shine. As my emotions tangle, the frogs in the ravine scream in the forest. An owl with its great wings flies through the night. I stand with my toes curled in the moist earth, in fetid darkness with naught to swallow but murky air. A mixture of hate and love duel within my soul.
Where is Bunky? My body trembles. And where should I escape to? In my emotional paralysis, I see a basket of ripened fruits beside the platform. Should I grab it and run for shelter with it? My belly grumbles, but I do not have time to feast, even on the run. It is somebody else’s. Belzera may run out of the cabin after me. It would not be right to steal the colony’s supplies even though I hate the leaders. I need Bunky. How can he desert me at a time like this? I fear he may be wounded or ensnared somewhere.
Without further thought, I set off running as fast as I can. For the first time, I notice I am garbed in a gossamer nightgown of sheer white silk with a thin inside layer. While I was tied down on the cot in the cabin, I did not take notice of the night dress. As usual, my feet remain bare. It is not a hinderance because I am astute without shoes. In the past, before my transformation at puberty, I did not know why my skin seemed thicker on my feet than what is considered normal. They seemed more resilient to unforgiving land surfaces. Now I figure that being a mermaid must provide me with thicker skin than human beings.
As I run with the wind, the nocturnal air rushes over my face. I run past wild eucalyptus trees, towering pines, majestic oaks, boulders of varying heights, petite waterfalls, and tender streams. I hear a concerto of crickets in song and little rodents scampering away under rocks and through bushes. To my surprise, I feel free as if no one in the world can hurt me.
I want to abandon this place. Desperately, I want to leave. I can start over anew. Maybe I can find a better community somewhere else. Maybe in a different state? Possibly other parts of the country are not as bad off as California, which the Unith Witch Coven seems to be separating from the rest of the United States and establishing as its own nation. At this time, I heard it is illegal to leave California, but where there is a will there is a way. If only I can find a place where Bunky and I will be safe. A home where nobody wants to hurt us.
I think about running back to Eucalyptus Falls where my fairy mother lives. Shine Belle loves me. But the colony will surely find me there. They captured Bunky and me in their airspace. Likely Eucalyptus Falls will be one of the first places they will look.
It seems just too strange finding out that I have another mother, a real mother, and she isn’t even human. And when I think about this, I feel baffled that I am not even human and am another species. I seem to be a fairy who through a witch’s curse turned into a mermaid. In the pictures and holographic videos on Shine’s dark crystal walls, I appeared to have wings and I appeared to flutter through the sky like a fairy. My memories from when I was a baby seem to have vanished from my mind.
After Mum kidnapped me from Shine Belle, she did not raise me as a fairy. Mum led me to think that I am a human being. This causes me to wonder what happened to my original fairy wings. Shine said that my birthfather lost his wings after the witch cursed him to become a merman. Apparently, I was born as a fairy with wings. When I turned twenty-years-old, I transformed into a mermaid. I wonder why I do not seem to have wings anymore. Were the wings Bunky manifested on my back through witchcraft, my true wings? I do not know. The wings could have been his own creation entirely or a re-manifestation of my original wings. Or maybe there is some other explanation.
As I contemplate the absence of my fairy wings, my mind drifts to my dad, Mum’s husband. Pop is not my real birth father. I wonder if he helped Mum with kidnapping me from Shine. Or did he even know that his wife kidnapped me? If he was not in on the abduction, how did Mum explain me to him? Maybe she said she found me and then they decided to raise me. But back then, when people found a baby, they were supposed to take the baby to the police so they could look for the parents. It surprises me that Pop would not insist on taking me to the authorities. That does not seem like him.
I feel other discrepancies in my mind as well. When Bunky and I were still imprisoned, he briefly mentioned that there was a prophesy that I would save the world from the Unith Witch Coven. I brushed his words off. The idea seemed utterly ridiculous. I am such a wimp and an ungraceful geek. It is preposterous to consider the idea that a lost soul like me could have such an influence on the realm of humanity. I mean, who am I?
Now Shine Belle tells Bunky and me that Mum stole me away from her as a baby because of Mum’s fear that Shine would influence me to her disliking. Mum did not want Shine to brainwash me with an absurd belief in a so-called prophesy that reveals that I will destroy the secret world power, Illume Nations, which is supposedly the same as the Unith Witch Coven of witches and warlocks.
Two beings, a warlock, Bunky, and a fairy, Shine Belle, have relayed to me that I am some sort of messianic force in the world. Preposterous! At the thought, my eyes widen. I shake my head. What does a creature like me have to offer to the world? I have always been a zero. This expectation is too much. How could such a powerful duty be placed on me?
I desire no share in the responsibility of saving the world. The idea is simply not true! I just want to live a simple life with fun and adventure…
“Yes, fun and adventure,” the same female voice I have heard before speaking in my mind repeats my thoughts in my head!
As I run through the woods, I look back to see if maybe the transparent gothic woman is following me—the long, dark haired woman with the long black dress. I do not see her though. I just see trees and bushes.
“Or maybe you want to get a job or go to college like ordinary young adults before the Unith Witch Coven takeover,” she continues saying in my mind what I was thinking. “You miss your old life before the destruction. You want your life back!”
I do not respond to the woman in my mind, but she continues as if she is coaxing me on, “You want to read novels, swim in the sea, and engage in extreme sports with Mum, Zip, and your pop. You want to fall in love with a normal human man and have a normal human family. You want babies. I understand—not fairy infants or mer infants. You don’t even comprehend fully the fairy or the mer worlds. It is like everything you know has been taken from you. Now you are expected to live as a new being with unfathomable expectations placed on you. Why can’t you simply enjoy a commonplace life?” Everything she says in my mind is exactly what I have been thinking about. Who is this woman? And how is she reading my mind?
I do not respond to her, but she continues, “But the world and your existence is not ordinary anymore. With all the countless calamities manifesting on Earth, nobody seems to experience an easy life. Most citizens have already died from the human manufactured plagues and so many other beings are presently bound and tortured by the secret rulers who are master sorcerers, voodooists, and necromancers. And the individuals who are not being victimized by the witches and warlocks, are being abused by other humans who run totalitarian colonies throughout the world. Planet Earth seems to have become a shady place no matter how you look at it.”
Ugh! My thoughts feel maddening. The woman has a different voice, she speaks in my own language usage. It is like she is trying to talk just as I do. Is that to make me comfortable with her? To build rapport?
I crane my head back as I run, but I do not see her. She does not let up with the relaying of my thoughts in her voice, “You must stop caring. Somehow, you need to search out a gratifying life away from all this bedlam. You do not accept the responsibility of the world’s fate to be in your clutches. You do not even like corporeal beings anymore or any beings. Even your mama tried to hand you over to a colony that wants to do medical experiments on you. Why should you save a race of beings who are so wicked? Are you supposed to do this for the sake of the fairies?”
“I don’t know. Am I?” I find myself responding to her in my mind.
Seemingly pleased, she continues, “Or maybe for the sake of the mermaids and mermen? You do not even understand the fairies or the mermaids or mermen. Are these beings any more humane than human beings?”
With that, my head begins to whirl with atrocious thoughts. The woman is gone. I sense her departure, but I am so caught up in my thoughts and all that she said. I attempt to look for the civility inside myself, but I cannot seem to find it. Does it exist anymore? I remember how the witches and warlocks in the metropolis on Sunset Boulevard tore those girls’ bodies apart. I saw their blood and guts splattered all over the street. The females’ screams and cries echo in my mind like haunting memories. I recall how frightened I felt. It is dreadful acknowledging the fact that such horror occurs regularly in this world.
The more I ponder it all, the more my mind grows wild with miserable thoughts. In my torment, I fling my wretched body to the ground and sob. At this moment, I do not care if I die. I am reckless and do not care if anyone hears my wails. I hope to die.
The earth begins to shake and tremble as my cries escalate. The ground rolls in inexorable waves. The trees sway, crack, and snap. Oaks, Eucalyptus, Cedar, and pine trees fall all around. I am apathetic to the destruction and I cannot lift myself to care if the falling trunks crush me. Rolling onto my back, I stare up at the black sky with the stars shimmering through the branches and leaves of the still standing giant sequoias with their massive, nearly indestructible trunks and wonder if the cosmos has a limit somewhere far off in the expanse. Execute me, I deliberate as my voice becomes earsplittingly beautiful.
But I do not perish. When my cries silence, I notice I am burrowed beneath a heap of saplings and trees in an agreeable and small cradle of muck and leaves all my own. I close my eyes and wonder if the colony heard my screams. Will they come for me now and then throw me in a dungeon? I fall asleep and dream…
*
When I awake, I feel reinvigorated. I cannot tell anyone about that woman talking in my head. They would think I am crazy. But I am not! I know what I heard was another being and not my imagination. Who would believe me though? The blood has dried around my eye and the wound feels like it is starting to heal a bit.
The idea of someone speaking in my mind torments me. How is this possible? Can other beings project their own voices into others’ heads? And who is this woman anyway?
The night air wades above me. The song in my mind feels peaceful and expressive. I adore the rhythms quite a lot. The leaves beneath my body make for a comfortable nest and the fallen sapling and trees oblige as a place of refuge which gives me a sense of serenity.
I think about my times with Bunky Ohare. The replay fills me with warmth and hope. Fantasies of Bunky are comforting.
I remember the time that he saved me from the witches and the warlocks who were trying to kill me and the girls I freed from the Unith Witch Coven’s cage on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood. Bunky was so fierce and confident. He didn’t even have to fight the warlock who tried to overpower me. The warlock folded under his seemingly foolproof forte.
After Bunky returned me from the Metropolis to the island, he saved Mum from her kidnappers. His might was shocking. Bunky sliced off the aggressor’s head. It fell to the ground. I remember how frightened I was. Bunky protected Mum and me without hesitation. He even killed the man’s criminal sister to rescue us. Bunky assisted me in burying my brother, Zip, who the kidnappers suffocated.
Without elucidation, Bunky appeared to understand Mum’s ideological beliefs in natural medicine and foraged for her earthly healing remedies. He applied his skills and created for her a hiking stick. I remember how my heart warmed when he carried her in his arms. Bunky’s acts seemed altruistic to me. I liked that he seemed non-judgmental. He is a strong force—considerate and nurturing.
While Bunky and I were locked away in the dungeon, he lavished me with magical delights. I remember how we dined on exotic fruits. Even though we were imprisoned, it was like a dream date to cherish forever. Bunky painted and displayed the most fascinating canvases of me in various settings of intrigue and prophesy. Our conversations together seemed to be of the supernatural and exalted. My time with Bunky seemed to ring of magnificence and secret. Bunky was a rapturous being of boundless complexity and paranormal appeal.
Though, more than all I have contemplated, Bunky stood by me and adhered to me with complete commitment. Bunky appeared to see me as I truly am or as I wish I could be. It was like he painted me with forte and majesty. I like the way he saw me. In some ways I wish I could live up to his portrayal of me. In Bunky’s paintings, he seemed to express parts of me that nobody else besides Shine Belle has ever expressed. My innocence seemed unveiled and only he professed my inner truth. He appeared to see what lay beneath my bland, awkward exterior.
I love Bunky Ohare for that. I love him for perceiving my essence beyond the physical. He seems to see who I am before I even become it—that is, if I ever will become what he claims is my mission in life and my destiny. My cheeks heat at the thought.
“If we are separated, Vanille, we can communicate through the music.” For the most part, I am sure I am getting the words all wrong, but I remember the gist of what Bunky said to me before I was paralyzed inside the butterfly net. When that happened, in the fright of the moment, I was not sure exactly what he meant, but now that I am alone and seem to be a little hidden beneath the fallen trees in a nonviolent setting, my mind relaxes enough to consider.
I recall that when Bunky and I were locked away in the prison’s chambers, before I was privy to who the other prisoner was in the lockup beside my chamber, an entrancing voice joined me in tune. To my memory, I sang, integrating the concerto in my mind with the mixed shrills, howls, and rapid snaps of my voice.
At that time, to my astonishment, another voice seemed to enter my mind joining in the melody. I recollect the voice as soft and velvety. To my recollection the sounds felt sensual in my ears. The harmonious company seemed like a hypnotic wonder that seemed to sooth my tortured mind in the most unforeseen, dynamic manner. Only much later did I discover that the other vocalist was the prisoner on the opposite side of the stone wall. And then, only after more time, was I lucky enough to find that that cell mate was Bunky Ohare. From this memory, I guess that it must be thinkable that we can communicate, at least in some way, through our minds.
I ponder bellowing out in song at this very moment with the intensions of luring Bunky’s consciousness to my mind. Perhaps through the lyrics of my tune I might convey my location to him and, with that in mind, he might possibly come to look for me. I feel a rush of adrenaline shoot through my body at the propitious chance of reuniting with my love. But, with the loud melody I create as I sing, what if one of my pursuers hears my song? He or she would surely gather the hunters and track me. If the colonists find me here underneath the fallen branches, I would be in a horrible predicament.
As I lay nestled here under the natural debris, the mildewed scent of the damp woods surrounds me. The bright moon and stars sparkle in the darkened sky. The view is lovely, triggering me to marvel at its resplendence. Now, with the setting enlivening my senses, I start to sing softly, barely a couple of notes above a whisper. The soulful harmony in my mind blends with my refrain. It is a composition of longing. The background instrumentals breed louder, more ardent. Baby notes birth from me. I feel my spirit expand within my chest and spread outward in warmth through my body. Why am I putting myself in danger?
To my absolute surprise, soon after I begin singing, I hear a deep, smooth voice. It must be Bunky singing in tune to my melody. The vocals sound poetic and entrancing. Lost in the music of my mind, I feel as if I am being transported to an enticing domain. I feel so stimulated that a tear falls from one of my blue eyes. I only just distinguish the voice of the one who is singing to my mind. The pleasure I experience feels completely intoxicating, I feel scarcely able to think straight. My form tickles all over.
I slide my fingers down my sheer white gown. The fabric feels so soft. The night appears velvet black with jewels of white and amber glittering on high. Clouds float by billowing of translucent pastels, coolly stunning and dreamlike like a Monet painting of ancient times.
I discover myself compulsorily unfolding my place in my song. The hungers of the concerto overtake me and in tempo I detail my location with such precision that I even amaze myself. It is as if my soul elevates above my body and views the full woodlands and thereby conveys the landmarks like a FDT chart.
I attempt to cease my song. I do. But the music will not terminate, and the sonata continues elevating higher and higher with the enchanting throbs and pulses that strum my spirit. The entrancement is as if Bunky is playing me like an instrument. I am the harp, the leer, the flute, and the violin. I am the opus of the cosmos.
The earth begins to roll softly. What can I do now?
I should have prepared for what happens next. Suddenly, I notice external noise. My frame tenses. I hear the stampeding of boots hitting the ground and leaves. What a fool I am singing for my love at a time like this. The blood rushes from my face as my heartrate speeds up. My attackers seem to be advancing fast. At once, I rise from beneath the saplings and branches, scratching myself up a bit as I cover my hiding spot. I see lit torches flicker through the forest trees. The lights appear to be moving toward my hiding spot. My singing seems so exuberant that it seems to pervade the physical setting in every single direction.
Dread rips through my body at the recognition of my oncoming pursuers, but I cannot stop my song. My legs feel trembly, yet the voice of Bunky Ohare lifts me to such bliss, I cannot ever let go of this feeling. I want more. I want to keep going. It is like I am being pulled in two opposite directions. I want the sounds to take me out of this wretched world.
“I see Vanille Cossette!” one man hollers out with a lit torch in his hand.
“Yes! It is Vanille Cossette!” another man says, waving on the others behind him.
The pounding of boots against the earth speeds up as they start to run toward me, stumbling over the rolling ground. I am too consumed with the pleasures in my mind to bring the music to violence. I see that they are a crowd of many men. Once in capture, the colony will surely torture me for my defiance, for breaking their pathetic laws. My heart races now in a seeming thunderstorm.
“Lock her down,” President Zetler Hopskins calls out in order. “I want the woman alive.” He looks horrible with age. His silver hair appears to be balding, and his eyes though glossed in false nobility and altruism seem to hint at the felonious nature he masks.
I simply stare at the colony’s male citizens moving toward me as I sing. Some of them I recognize. Waz, with his crazed look, dressed in overalls, used to pick the weeds for us before our cabin front. Distavo, with his dopey expression, in his baggies and trekkers, is the maintenance man at the schoolhouse. Palapidat, with his narrowed eyes and knife in his hand, jarred the fruit for our winter food supply. Some of these men were nice to Mum and me in the past. Now they pursue me like an animal.
I cannot care anymore. Life is hardly worth it. I want to die, to become transcendent, one with the collective consciousness as Mum calls it, one with the music of eternity.
But then, I notice that the crowd is not coming any closer. They are just yards away, ready to pull me down in my despicable thoughts, but they pound their fists against the invisible. There seems to be a transparent shield blocking them from me. Yikes!
I have heard of such things in the sound chip shows I used to listen to as a kid. How can that be? Those airings were fiction. I remember the invisible shield in one of the episodes was a dome and in another it was a fortress and in another it was a ball. Is there some sort of invisible shield around me? Maybe the shield is only before me and does not close me in. At this point, I am not certain.
In seeming rage, the colonists try to burn the see-through barrier with the fire of their torches. My palms sweat as I watch. Everything seems to be happening very fast. I feel paralyzed like I cannot move. Maybe the earlier injection is immobilizing my body. I do not collapse, but I feel that I cannot escape. Frozen in place, my voice sounds on.
The man who used to pick the weeds before our cabin, Waz, purses his lips in seeming anger and points a gun at me. Bile rises in my throat, yet I still sing. How could he? I want to run, but I cannot move my legs. If the barrier does not block the fire I will likely die. Waz waves out his free arm and several of the others also aim their guns at me. My eyes are wide, and my breath is heavier as I continue singing. Then Waz raises his free arm as he seems to give an order. I can tell they are about to shoot me. The men fire at me, but the mercury river from the gun fires streams back at them, killing some of their men. It is hard to believe what I am seeing. It is heart wrenching to see death in real life. Waz, along with some of the others, fall to the ground. Wow! I cringe as I see the injured bodies fall in the night, their innards spilling out before my eyes. Nausea stirs in my stomach, but I keep my nearly frozen stance.
Bunky Ohare’s voice stops singing in my mind. My body stiffens even more than I thought possible at the absence of sound. Am I regaining my physical mobility? Is the paralysis wearing off? It seems to be. I stop singing. Everything becomes quiet for a moment. The silence is dramatic.
I feel a tap on my shoulder from behind. A sensation warms through my body as if my blood starts to flow. When I turn around, I see that the tap on my shoulder is from a wildly handsome man with blue eyes like the sea that bores into my soul with the intensity that I have been feeling in our song. I shudder at the thoughts that flood through my mind.
His shaggy blonde hair blows with the wind. His eyes sparkle in an otherworldly fashion. I feel as if I have known him my entire life. I think I might know who he is, and I want it to be so.
It must be Seafare!
7
The man who jars fruit and carries a knife, Palapidat, along with some other colony members, break a big limb from a nearby tree. My blue eyes widen with fear. What are they going to do? I know that just a short while ago, I thought to myself that I want to die, but now I do not. When faced with death, the will to survive seems to override. “Oh, please, God save me,” I cry out, looking up to the heavens, hoping Palapidat and the colony men do not break through the invisible barrier with the tree limb.
At once, I begin to run away from the colony members. Almost as soon as I start to take off, I smack into the invisible. I fall to the earth. I should have remembered the shield. My head spins from impact. I touch my forehead. It hurts and feels wet. I take my hand away and see blood. I am bleeding. The unseen barrier must surround me and not exist as only a shielding wall, but as a circumference or a ball. Maybe it is a see-through dome though I am not certain if I am fully enclosed.
From the ground, I look back. Some of the men on the other side of the invisible barrier line up on either side of the big tree branch. I suck in a sharp breath as I look at the familiar face of the fruit jarrer. He used to be a kindhearted man. What happened to Palapidat that he is so set on killing a woman? My heart clenches. The men swing the branch forward and backward for momentum and smash it into the invisible shield. I don’t hear the impact. All at once, they fall rearward to the ground. With wide eyes, I exhale.
“Come, join me for breakfast,” Seafare says to me from within this seemingly invisible dome, shield, barrier, or whatever it is.
I look over at Seafare who is standing between me and the angry colony. Why is he here? Holding a lit lantern that he sets down on a boulder, I notice that he has a mischievous expression on his unusually attractive face. More conventionally handsome than Bunky, in a skyline supermodel sort of way, Seafare is tall and blonde with a thin, but muscular physique. He is older than Bunky, twenty-three, I think.
“What?” I respond in an exasperated tone. “I did not know you were a real being!” I say to him. His casualness puts an ironic twist on the heated situation because my adrenaline is rushing like rocket blasts. For my whole life I have dreamt about this man in my sleep. We played together in my visions as children. We had a lot of fun as teenagers. We have had an entire life together. In my dreams we even married. This is so surreal.
The community members continue trying to break through the invisible shield separating them from us. I fear if they break through, they will lose control and kill me even though President Hopskins said earlier to them that he wants me alive. A fight breaks out and one man smashes another man’s head against the barrier. “Oh, terrible.” My hand flies to my open mouth. Blood smears against the invisible barrier and oozes down toward the ground. I hate the sight of blood. In my wooziness, I feel downtrodden for these lost souls. Our world is a mess. Because the shield is imperceptible, it looks like the blood is suspended midair.
“Don’t know how long this dome is going to last, so let’s flee for our tea and crumpets,” Seafare says as he gazes at me slyly.
Exasperated with him, I roll my eyes, upset at his nonchalance. I have never experienced someone from my dreams surfacing in real life. I make my way up from the ground and feel my knees wobbling.
“You’re my girl now,” he says confidently as he takes my hand.
“Your girl?” My chin juts back. He has a lot of nerve. It seemed to be different in my dreams if he ever said forward things like that. In real life, I feel off put.
“I know you like me,” he says with a wry smile. “In fact, you love me.”
I scoot back on the earth, appalled at his forwardness. He seems different than the Seafare of my dreams. Seafare was usually a nice, humble person. This man seems arrogant… But his eyes are so blue and hypnotic that I can’t help staring into them. Has he put me in a trance?
His blonde hair falling slightly in his perfect face, he tilts his head to the side as he gazes back at me. It seems as if I am under examination. “You look terrible.”
I throw my hands up. “Thanks.” My voice is sarcastic. Everything about him feels perplexing to me. I try to be strong and not reveal how weak I feel.
“Here, let me…” He holds his hand over my injured eye.
I draw back. “What are you doing?”
A ray of light shines out of his hand and into my eye. The light is so intense it charges my senses. It feels so pleasurable. I want the feeling to last forever. I feel as if he fills me with bliss. The light exudes from my pores outward in every direction.
Then at once he stops. The light vanishes. I feel disappointed.
“You are better now.” He smiles lightly as he speaks, running his hand through his blonde hair.
I touch my eye. It feels completely healed. “Where’s Bunky Ohare?” I manage to ask, the words getting caught in my throat. “Do you know Bunky?”
He laughs. “That dear boy?” Dimples form on his cheeks. To my surprise, in that way he seems almost adorable, but the idea repulses me. I suppose this seeming imposter who maybe pretends to be Seafare takes pleasure in transforming his demented self into the ideal heartthrob and my heart does throb even though I do not want it to. I feel beyond guilty.
“Yes, Bunky,” I say harshly. My voice is laced with irritation. “Do you know him?”
He looks almost hurt from my tone. That surprises me. “I’m not sure where he is.” His expression turns distant. “I’m concerned about him.” He runs his hand over his shaggy blonde hair.
“Concerned about him?” I am surprised this man knows Bunky or even Seafare, for that matter—he confuses me. I only asked where Bunky is because this man arrived just as the song in my mind that I thought was joined with Bunky ended. I assume there is a connection.
Some of the community members try to lift the others over the barrier now, but it seems endless in height. The lights of their torches flicker in the night illuminating their surroundings. Others run their hands along its smooth surface presumably to see if they can find a break in the length. But the shield appears to continue on forever.
I worry that the construction might collapse and then they may overtake me. As I survey the terrain of fallen trees and dead men on the ground, I began to wonder who I am more afraid of—this man who looks like Seafare from my dreams or the colony members. But as my thoughts go in that direction, suddenly the shield seemingly disappears completely. I assume this because the men who are touching the shield fall right through and onto the ground. The others look stunned for a moment before President Hopskins yells out the order, “Get Vanille Cossette!”
My body tenses so tight that I am surprised it does not go into spasms just from fear alone.
“Oops, the spell broke,” the blonde heartthrob says humorously as he puts his hand on my shoulder lackadaisically. He must be a warlock, I am guessing. His gestures seem so absurd, but there is no time to analyze his ways. Everything happens too fast.
But then, his demeanor changes. He says, “Here’s our exit cue.” In a quick transition, the heartthrob scoops me up at once into his arms and takes off running through the dark woods. He is so much faster than the others. I feel so stunned that I do not know what to do.
It seems unfathomable how ill-fated my predicament has become. I know this perfect man with blonde hair and gleaming blue eyes is not trustworthy. He must be a warlock from the Unith Witch Coven, I think to myself again. Maybe Bunky failed in his mission, maybe he really fell in love with me, and now the secret society sent Heartthrob as a replacement. I am wondering why he looks like Seafare from my reoccurring dreams of past. Did the Illume Nations kill Bunky for choosing me over the Unith Witch Coven and then replace him with Heartthrob? My body shudders as I hold my hand against my heart. I must not think unbearable thoughts like this.
The colony follows behind us, climbing over fallen trees and wreckage and weaving around debris as Heartthrob leaps through the air gracefully, running full speed. Some of the faster men shoot at us. I hear the loud sounds of mercury streaming past my head.
Heartthrob is physically masterful. From his quick dodging of bullets, it seems almost as if he has eyes in the back of his head. He does not, but he certainly seems superhuman. It is like he detects the streams of mercury before they even reach us. Seafare is a special man, but this guy surpasses all.
I am not certain, but it sounds like Heartthrob chants a spell. My body feels damp from perspiration. At once, the liquid bullets reverse direction midair, moving back and away from us.
Suddenly, I hear screams of terror from behind. The Bunky replacement stops and turns to look. I miss Bunky Ohare! From Heartthrob’s arms, I strain my eyes to get a sharp focus through the natural setting. To my astonishment, I see the streams of mercury have flowed together into a river of silver liquid that gushes out and down to the ground away from us. The moon and stars overhead light it in a bright shimmer.
The toxic river expands and rushes over the men filling their mucous membranes and then solidifying within their bodies. Such an upsetting sight! Even though I am relieved they cannot harm me now, I hate to witness such suffering. It looks like the poison fills up their innards and pours out of their noses, eyes, and ears only to become hard and shiny like polished metal. My stomach rumbles with queasiness as my eyes well up with tears. These men used to be my people. We were of the same community. I went to school with their sons and daughters. How has our world become so lost?
The men who are in the back of the crowd, including President Zetler Hopskins, escape to the sides of the onrush. Many of the unlucky victims appear frozen in place. I want to scream, but I control myself. The sight looks horrific.
The men’s bodies look deformed with the solidified metal pushing various parts of the skin outwards in massive lumps and protrusions. Their mouths stretch so wide that they break open.
Though utterly appalled, I am impressed in a sense with Heartthrob’s genius. The idea of combining the mercury streams of the men’s own ammunition to bring them to their deaths is brilliant. Though, as much as they deserve it, and would have done the same thing to me given the opportunity, I wish he had used a more humane method to stop them.
Hardly above a whisper, Heartthrob seems to mumble an invocation. Now the river ceases flow and dissolves into the earth abruptly. The men’s bodies hollow at once and collapsed to the ground. Heartthrob turns and runs, now at an increased pace with me in his arms while President Hopskins falls back between some trees with the survivors of his army.
After some time, to my astonishment, Heartthrob stops abruptly. We are a considerable distance from the others. I can’t even see them now.
Heartthrob breathes hard. He releases me from his arms. I stumble backwards just a little as I catch my balance. His perfect, strong, lean body crouches over with his hands on his thighs now. It looks like he is trying to catch his breath which surprises me. I thought this guy is nearly infallible.
“Can you hear that?” He manages to say as he looks up at me from his hunkered position. His chest rises and falls rapidly. The early morning light breaks through the trees giving a gentle glow to his well-formed body.
“What?” I ask. My tone is almost irritated.
“The music.” A little smile creeps on his perfect face that is both cute and handsome at the same time.
I did not want to admit it, but the song playing in my mind is beautiful. It reminds me of a deeply romantic theme song from a dome cinema show I saw once. The sounds make me feel like anything is possible. It makes me yearn for the lake and to my great dismay, it makes me yearn for Heartthrob.
He puts his head back down for a moment like he is trying to gain internal strength and then he attempts to stand upright.
I gasp when I see that he has been shot to the side of his torso near his stomach. Blood pours out. The music becomes wild in my mind. In panic, I hear the brush of leaves and branches breaking in the distance. President Hopskins and some of his men must have reunited because I hear the angry, familiar sounds moving toward us.
Heartthrob hears them too. I want to run, but he grabs me at once into his arms, pulling me up against his body, and kisses me like I have never been kissed. I want to slap him, but I cannot get myself to do it. The music feels so blissful it is like the world spins around in a whole new color.
I feel ashamed for liking the kiss, ashamed that I do not fight to get away. I rationalize that my attraction for this intruder must be from a spell he put on me. It feels like I do not have freewill. It feels like he controls me. This is not what I want, but I feel powerless.
President Hopskins and his men will overtake us soon if we do not run. I think about how much I hate the colony president for the horrible dystopian society he created and for imprisoning me. I despise his political system. I hate the colony men for eagerly joining Zetler in his mission. How could all those men want to harm a woman for merely crossing a boundary line and escaping an unjust imprisonment?
I look at the model of perfection beside me. Why isn’t Hearthrob taking me and running away? Why are we just standing here?
Then I see that his gaze upwards becomes intense. Red light surrounds his face now. Looking away, he grabs a stick and draws into the earth a triangle around us. He pulls out what I think is a belt from his waist.
I am wrong though. What I think is a belt is actually a live snake! It hisses. I try to step away, but he grabs me by the arm and pulls me closer to him. Then he splits the snake’s head open with his bare hands and pulls out its brain. My body tenses from fright as I hear him whisper what I guess may be enchantments. Suddenly, birds fly from out of the trees. There seems to be hundreds of them. So many! 
My eyes widen. What has he done?
Hopskin’s army is in sight now. They make their way with their torches directly toward us.
And to my great horror, the birds fly in flocks now toward the president and his army. As much as I want Heartthrob to stop the men who are in my pursuit, I do not want them to suffer unnecessarily anymore, or even worse, die as the others have. These men have families and people who care about them, people who need them.
“Stop!” I scream at Heartthrob. “Please.” My face grows hot from emotions. I should have stopped him before when he sent the river of mercury over them. But, lately, I feel as if my morals have been wrenched away from me. There seems to be a streak of the sociopathic in me that seems inexplicable.
Heartthrob’s languid demeanor seems a striking contrast to my crazed self—he seems playful now. “You’re cute when you’re angry,” he chuckles.
I am in such shock when I see the dread in the men’s eyes as the birds move in that I can hardly acknowledge Heartthrob’s condescension. The sounds of ripping flesh and screams of terror fill my ears. They attack at once like a school of deadly piranhas.
The men cry out, vomiting and peeing themselves, as the birds, peck, tear and eat away their flesh. Distavo, the schoolhouse maintenance man, looks up waving his arms, screaming. I remember his dopey expression and feel sorry for him. A bird swoops down at his face and pokes out his eye with its beak. He collapses to the ground flailing his arms and crying.
The empathetic part of me can’t stand to see such suffering. I throw myself on Heartthrob. “Stop, stop!” My voice is hoarse and desperate. “There must be another way.”
But, before the chaos ceases, Heartthrob pulls me up into his arms once again and he runs through the woods, past the boundary line right for the cliff.
I scratch and claw at him, trying to get away, but he does not even flinch. “Let me go, let me go!” I cry and yell. In truth, even in my fierceness, I should struggle harder, but a part of me does not want to get away. My mind feels so mixed up. How can I be drawn to someone so cruel and heartless?
Then there is this significant moment that feels so odd. He gazes at me lovingly while still running at full speed and then he touches the tip of my nose with his finger endearingly. The trees rush past my line of vision. I feel a spark of love for him that terrifies me.
I think his behavior is absurd. But really, I am the insane one because, to my utter dismay, even his madness excites me. I reason it is biological, beyond my control because the feelings are truly horrendous and unreasonable.
The sparks of light in his piercing blue eyes mesmerize me. His omnipotence excites me. It is as if I am completely out of control. Beyond all logic, I do not care that he is an evil Bunky replacement. How is that? My lips press together, and my eyes widen as I shake my head in bewilderment.
Huge wings of fire spread from his back. The heat of the flames feel intense. I am afraid I am going to burn alive. I do not care—I am possessed by the evil energy of my despicable desires. I cannot believe how much I have changed from the young, naïve girl into an adulterous abominatio­n who finds lust in the wicked. Where is my loyalty to Bunky?
But just as Heartthrob takes flight off the edge of the mountain, Bunky Ohare leaps into the air and knocks him with me in his arms to the ground.
8
I fall from Heartthrob’s arms onto the hard ground and roll. Small, sharp rocks cut into my thighs and hands. Fire spreads from Heartthrob’s wings to the twigs and shrubbery near the edge of the cliff. With that, the surroundings go up in flames with Heartthrob and me in the center of it.
Heartthrob seems to call out in the language of the sorcerers. His wings fall from his body. He stumbles forward a little. His stomach still bleeds. I am surprised how pale and blood drawn his face looks as he collapses. His chin hits a boulder where he rolls to the side. He looks unconscious.
The nearby trees ignite like torches. I move closer to Heartthrob. The heat is shocking. It is like we are in an oven.
“Help,” I cry as I try to stand up. My voice lifts to a scream. “Bunky, where are you?” I cannot see him anywhere. My back hurts something awful. I must have fallen on it.
Smoke is everywhere and the flames rise up around us like hell on Earth. I hear a loud roar. It is like the sound of a gigantic lion. Then I hear a foreign chant like a song in my mind. The flames disappear. The ground and bushes are black and charred, but the heat has subsided.
I see Bunky beyond the destruction. He runs toward me. His body is swift, but heavy-footed in the morning light. My heart races. I love him. He is me. I am him. It is real love, the type of connection that is based in mutual caring. I hope it is a dependable love. My body aches to be held and nurtured. I want to connect to his goodness. I want to be safe.
Most of all I want to get away from Heartthrob because his evil consumes me. It overwhelms my logic. My connection to Heartthrob is like pure passion beyond all reason. I do not want that. The world cannot exist with only base desire. Morals matter.
I run toward Bunky. He runs toward me. His gold eyes look at me tenderly. I remember our first kiss in the dungeon. My body yearns for that sweet tenderness. My arms open to hold him.
But, at once, I am pulled back by a sudden force. It feels like a strong wind has grabbed hold of me and my entire body retreats backwards through the air and away from Bunky.
I hear a duel of spells and incantations alternate back and forth from Bunky to Heartthrob. I hear a crying baby. The sounds stop. My mind spins as the windy force releases me abruptly into Heartthrob’s arms.
I hear angelic voices in the sky above, “Unholy, unholy.” A million stars trail through the morning sky in the shape of a serpent in the firmament. “Unclean, unclean.” I feel the power of energy pour down upon us in defilement.
A part of me wants to be right where I am, enraptured by Heartthrob’s touch. His hold feels strong and self-assuring. It feels pleasurable. “Unholy, unholy.”
I turn away and throw my head into my hands. My long white hair is wild and messy, falling over my shoulders.
“Unclean, unclean.”
“Stay with me, Vanille,” Heartthrob begs. “I need you.”
Even in the chaos of the moment, his words touch me deeply. He needs me. But then, my mind clears, and I remember he may be a Bunky replacement sent by the Unith Witch Coven, the Illume Nations, to stop me from destroying their organizations. Am I crazy to fall for his deceptive seductions? Surely, he does not need me. I struggle to get away. To my surprise, he does not fight, and I break free from him relatively easily as I fall to the ground.
I hear Bunky’s voice. He calls upon the spirits from the dark side and to my great astonishment, a huge round smiley face lifts above Heartthrob and me. It is laughing maniacally. What a strange machination. An absurd horror. I look up at the red emoticon, fierce in the sky, and see it inhale deeply then suck Heartthrob up into its mouth and shake him by the head like a rag doll. The smiley face spits him out.
My heart nearly splits when I see Heartthrob lying lifeless on the ground. I scream out like a crazed girl, “What have you done?” My voice is hoarse and raspy as I look over at Bunky.
He comes toward me, but I run away not knowing where I am going. I just want out of this world. I stumble forward, tripping over a rock. My chest keeps rising and falling uncontrollably as I think of Heartthrob and how I will never see him again. He looks dead. As much as I logically want it so, I feel defiled.
With that recognition, I tumble off the cliff. I just fall headfirst into the lake.
To my surprise, the water is cool and refreshing. I am relieved in a sense to be back in my natural habitat. My sheer white gown tears away from my body without effort as my legs transform into a sleek green fish tail.
Again, I notice that my vision is enhanced beneath the surface of the lake. From the effect of my fall into the water, the surroundings look crystal clear with sparkling bubbles of air all around me. I swim deeper toward the enormous light that shines so bright in the distance.
The music in my mind feels soft and melancholy. I know the sadness I hear in the rhythms is because I am separated from Bunky. But I tell myself I do not care because it is the only way I can swim onward. I cannot care. It would be the death of me.
My mind aches of mental torture.
I swim rather slowly because I do not know where I am going, and I hardly care. The light is so bright before me and I do not want to swim into it like I did the last time with Bunky. The energy had been too intense for my physical body and I burnt up into nothing. It was such a shock. I do not want to go through that again. I want peace and serenity. I want to go to some place I can relax and gather my thoughts.
A school of many carp swim past me. At first, I am startled, but I shouldn’t be. There is plant life floating in the water of this bottomless lake. I should have expected to see fish as well.
The carp seem to know where they are going, so I decide to follow them. They move parallel to the light. We are pretty deep within the lake at this time. I wonder what could possibly be off to the side of this bottomless water source.
I follow the fish to a forest of water willows. The long, thin stalks rise up from a floating plot of land that looks like an island wading under the water. Before I reach the mass of earth, I see that it is neither attached above nor below but seems to be held in place somehow by the force of the light far below.
At first, I hesitate in following the carp through the willows, but they seem at ease as they weave through the thin stalks. It seems safe enough, so I proceed. I feel a strong sense of curiosity at what lies ahead.
The forest looks dim now that the light is beneath us and partially blocked by this underwater land mass. I can see light in the distance through the willows, so I presume that the island likely ends breaking way to the brightness.
My heartrate speeds up. The willows continue for quite some time and I start to get nervous. It is hard to see ahead through the denseness of the forest. We weave in and out through so many of the plants in varying directions that I am not sure if I can find my way out on my own now.
The music in my mind feels spooky. It has an ominous feel that seems inexplicable. I feel very far away from Bunky now, far away from the colony, far away from Mum, far away from Shine Belle. This is what I want. This is good.
My long white hair catches on one of the willows and pulls me backwards. I stop to untangle it, but it is wrapped around tightly. Then I see something rush past, something dark and shadowy. It is not a fish, but an entirely different entity. My body tenses as I feel it brush over my tail.
9
I whip my head around to see what just brushed against my tail. It looks like an astonishing creature, dark and transparent like a shadow. I back away from it. Adrenaline rushes through my body.
Staring me in the eyes, the creature wades in the water before me for a second. Though its figure has a shadowy quality, its head is in the form of a goat and its body is shaped like a cat.
It hisses at me. I try to move away, but my hair is still tangled in the willow. My heart is slamming against my chest. At once, it jumps on me and scratches my arm and chest with its claws. Ouch! I twist around, struggling to throw the thing off of me, but it keeps switching from a physical, tangible form to an immaterial shadowy figure. Just when I think I have a hold of it, my hands slip through it. And that happens over and over again.
I am in a frenzied panic. My body is bleeding from the scratches into the water and I can’t get the creature off of me. I thrash around so much that my tangled hair rips away from the willow.
No matter what I do, I cannot break free. I scream with all my might, bringing a loud musical roar into the lake. To my utter astonishment, the sound vibrates through the being. I see the sound waves like light shaking in patterns within its essence. It releases its claws and shakes uncontrollably for a minute in convulsions. Then it swims away in apparent fright.
I feel shocked that I possess such a power over the ethereal. My mind begins to reel. What is that horrifying creature? Where did it come from? But as my thoughts spin around in my head, the blood flows out of me in a red cloud. I fear the blood may attract other predators.
I am okay. I have several scratches on my arms and chest. They seem to be only minor wounds, mostly surface scratches and shallow piercings, but my mind whirls at the possibilities of what other creatures the blood might entice in my direction.
Now, after the attack, I consider turning back. The carp are gone by now and I do not know where I am. If I retreat, I might get lost trying to find my way back. I followed the fish through so many twists and turns, I do not really know where I am. Maybe I will find my way, and then again, maybe not.
When I look back, I see that the forest of willows seems dim and gloomy. It appears thick and endless. I could spend hours trying to find my way off the island. I feel foolish for following the fish.
But when I look ahead through the plants in the direction that the creature swam away through, I can see light. I want to know what is there. I really do not have anything to go back to if I retreat. I am not ready to face Bunky now that he killed Heartthrob. I am not ready to face Bunky now that I kissed another man. And the colony is after me.
My curiosity gets the best of me, so I swim through the willows in the direction of the light. I want to find a place of refuge. But, ultimately, I want to find a home. I am tired of all my struggles. After the Unith Witch Coven takeover, the world has become a despairing place. Now that I am a mermaid maybe the best place for me to live is within the lake. Maybe I will find a home just ahead, parallel to the light.
I am still bleeding in the water. Craning my head back I look to see if anyone or anything is hunting me. I do not see any creatures, but my body is still tense because the bleeding has not stopped.
The music in my mind is more pronounced under the water, so I reason the lake is where I belong. Even though I seem to be part fairy, the music in Eucalyptus Falls did not hold the same intensity as beneath these waters. Yes, somewhere within this underwater world seems to be where I belong. But, where?
As I move ahead, I notice a flickering light in the distance. It looks like some kind of light atop an industrial building. The other light sources that blend together from afar now come into clearer focus. From what I can see through the willows, it appears as if there are multiple city lights. Am I swimming toward an underwater city?
My curiosity propels me to swim faster. The blood from my arms and chest trail away from me as I swim. Some of the willows slap against my tail as I rush through the dense brush. As I approach the far edge of the forest, I pause and hide behind a cluster of high reaching bulbous plants while I survey the sights before me.
It appears as if I have come upon an industrial development. There are rows of plain brown buildings set on a level clearing. Light posts are intermittently lit along the dirt paths lining the building fronts. The largest building that looks like a warehouse has a flashing light on its roof that reminds me of the lights on top of old-fashioned police cars that I had seen in dome cinema movies.
I don’t see any signs of life around. Aside from the industrial lights, the city shows no signs of occupancy. I wonder how in the world this town could have been built underwater. I have never heard of people creating such structures in the depths of a lake. But here they are before my eyes.
My curiosity gets the best of me again. I cannot help it—I have to explore this setting. What could possibly be inside of these buildings? Are they simply empty and abandoned structures? No, that can’t be. Somebody must be manning them because the lights are lit. My mind races with questions.
I wonder if anyone is inside any of the structures. Could there be humans inside wearing scuba diving gear so that they can breathe under water while they work or while they do whatever they do at a facility like this? I wonder if they have weapons. Would they be inclined to kill an intruder? I feel the fine hairs on my arms stand on end as I bite down on my lower lip.
I decide to swim around the back of a row of small buildings. If anyone is around, I figure they will be less likely to notice someone in the back hidden away from the light posts. The warehouse piques my curiosity the most. It is the biggest, so I assume it is the main building and will likely hold the most important materials, if any materials at all.
There are three back doors and one double door that is wedged partway open. With the back exit set ajar like that, I get the feeling that someone or something may be inside working. Maybe whoever is in the warehouse is in the process of moving things out and that is why he or she left the doors insecure.
To my relief, the blood seems to have stopped flowing out of my arms and chest. Even though I am still on guard, I am relieved that no predators attacked me while I was bleeding. Swimming along, I hide on the side of the building behind some stacked up, empty aquariums, cages, and medical cargo. The aquariums and cages are of a variety of sizes ranging from the size of my hand to the size of a whale. Now my curiosity is even stronger. What could these apparatuses be for? Though, I admit, I am frightened, I just have to know. A part of me fears that maybe I have come upon something top secret.
I want to sneak into the warehouse so badly, but I try to control myself and wait to see if anyone will come out. But every minute feels like an hour. My long white hair flows away from my body so unmanageably. I hope my locks do not attract undue attention and give me away to the captains of this facility.  As I wait, I try to figure out who could have built these structures and why they built them.
Whoever erected these buildings must have known about the huge, overpowering light deep within the lake. I reason that the light, or the use of the light must somehow be connected to this project. At this point I cannot fathom how or why, but I am determined to find out.
Though it is probably only ten minutes or so, it feels like ten hours have passed without any sign of anyone. My green mermaid tail is positioned uncomfortably in this hiding spot. I wonder if I will ever get used to wielding a tail like this. I decide to swim into the warehouse through the back-double doors.
Hesitantly, I inspect the dimly lit large room. I don’t see anyone inside. There are many barred cages and glass aquariums inside much like the ones outside. My mind reels with various contemplations and scenarios, but I do not have time to figure it out now. I want to explore more, but I want to move quickly before I am caught by someone. If I am discovered in such a place, I imagine the involved would have to kill me for fear that I might reveal their secret.
The first large aquarium looks empty aside from a big black boulder and a steel windmill set on a silver pole. I stare through the glass trying to figure out what the habitat is for. But before I can figure it out, a red light flashes from behind the rock. I flinch and hurtle backwards from fright—a young boy swims out about four or five years old. It is a merboy. 
My eyes fly open so wide that my forehead hurts. A merboy! I did not expect this. I have never seen another mer in real life aside from me. I do not think that Hearthrob or Bunky were real mers. They probably use magic to change form. This merboy has such long copper brown hair. His locks fan out behind him almost like a peacock with its feathers spread. I suppose it is because of the commotion. His fishtail is different than mine. He has an orange fish tail. The color surprises me as well.
“Help!” he says in a scratchy voice as he drops a little toy with a flashing red light to the bottom of the aquarium. He seems sick with a cold. “I want my mommy and my daddy.”
Goosebumps rise on my chest as I stare at him. He is a cute merboy. It surprises me that I can hear him through the glass of the aquarium, but I can. His voice does not sound muffled from the barrier. Maybe mers have enhanced hearing under water. I shake my head side to side with my eyes still wide. “Where are your parents?” I ask in a soft tone, wondering why he is alone in this aquarium.
“The witches took me,” he says in a quiet voice. Apparently, he can hear me through the glass too. “They locked me in here. I wanna go home.”
Witches? I feel a lump form in my throat. Memories of the witches and warlocks in the metropolis floods back into my mind. Brutal killers. As I run my hand over my neck to massage the lump in my throat, I look over at the aquarium beside the merboy’s aquarium and see a girl about three years old swimming around inside. I did not see her before. Maybe she was hiding too. She is beautiful both in features and in form. Her long brown hair has ringlets, and she has a brown fish tail.
Looking around the warehouse past rows of barred cages and glass aquariums, I try to see if anyone is around, but do not detect any movement. “Let me see if I can get you out of here,” I say to the merboy. I feel around the outside of the aquarium and see that it is padlocked shut. Tugging at the lock in frustration, I shake my head. “Hold on,” I say to him. “I’ll look for something to get you out.”
I swim past the three-year-old mergirl. She puts her hand on the glass front panel of the aquarium. Looking into her green sad eyes, my heart aches. I place my hand against the glass over her hand. Her bottom lip quivers as she stares at me.
At once I swim ahead, looking for keys to the aquariums or maybe something to break the locks though I do not think that is possible. As I swim, I see more and more cages and aquariums with baby mers swimming inside. So many little child faces look out at me. Some beg for help. Their cries rattle my insides.
“The witches will kill us,” a merboy with long black hair and a bluish green shimmery tail says. With his adorable round face and chubby cheeks, he looks about four years old. “I’m next,” he tells me as his face seems to pale while grasping onto the metal bars of his cage.
I feel a sour taste in my mouth upon hearing the merboy. “How did they get you in these cages?” I ask him, searching his lake green eyes.
He looks side to side before speaking. “A witch stole me from my sleep. I know those stories. She is a sea witch, and she took blood from me. Did too. She locked me in here.”
I press my eyes shut and shake my head slightly as I wade in the water before his barred cage. As I open my eyes, I ask the merboy making sure I heard him right, “The witch took your blood? “How did she do that?”
He nods his handsome little face. “She put a needle in me. It hurt.” His eyes widen at the memory. “The sea witch and the other ones takes blood from me and all of us mers a lot.”
My stomach churns. “I’m going to get you out if I can.” From the sounds of it, there are multiple sea witches involved here.
“She say the blood make her young.” He blinks his lake green eyes several times as he looks at me.
“Young?” My chin juts back as I stare at him. My heart clenches.
“And beautiful.” He shuts his eyes tightly and hunches over. “She say our blood give them long life.”
I lift the padlock on the lid of his barred cage and yank at it. “I can’t get it open,” I complain through clenched teeth as I look around the warehouse. “I have to go for help to get you out. I can’t find anything to open the cages and aquariums with.”
A part of me wants to swim away from this facility before I get caught and put in one of these aquariums for bloodletting myself, but I know I must help these poor merbabies and merkids. I run my hand across my forehead and think for a moment. With my body trembling, I begin to swim hoping to find something in another area of the warehouse to break open the padlocks. Maybe I might find keys to the locks or some kinds of tools to cut through the thick metal bars of the cages. I look around the warehouse for the presence of witches or warlocks, but I see none. Because there are so many aquariums and cages placed and stacked throughout the large room, someone could easily be out of view and behind one.
I should leave the vicinity, but despite my shaking limbs, my curiosity is even stronger now, and I feel desperate to help the babies and toddlers. Quickly I swim to the next aquariums. There are two tanks stacked up on top of each other here.
Suddenly, a woman with short black hair, a pale face, a long, crooked nose, and black beady eyes swims out from behind. She has a long scaly black fish tail. She must be the sea witch!
“What are you doing here?” she snarls at me, her tail waving in the water side to side as she stares with fierce black eyes.
My jaw drops. I try to swim away, but she grabs a long metal stake with a wide hook at the end from her waist band. At once she swings it out and hooks me around my waist. It hurts. She presses a button on the apparatus and the metal hook extends and then immediately closes, locking me in.
“Let me go,” I holler, my heart slamming against the insides of my chest.
She opens the barred lid of a cage and forces me inside. “No, no!” I scream as I try to wiggle away to no avail. My pulse races. The hook releases me. I try to swim out, but the lid crashes down on my head. A surge of agony shoots through my scalp into the center of my head. I fall to the gravel bottom and see her through blurred eyes close the lock as it smacks hard against the bars. My eyes widen with horror as I watch her swim away.
Is she going to take my blood too like she did to the youngsters? Bile rises in my throat at the thought. I wonder if I am going to die in this barred cage. Looking around, I see that there is nothing to do inside. It only contains gravel water and me. This is worse than the dungeon in Presco Mountains. At least there I had a bathtub, a toilet, a toothbrush, and a hairbrush. In this aquarium I have nothing.
What is this place I found? It must be top secret. I wonder if the Unith Witch Coven owns this facility. It seems to be an underwater government owned plant for harvesting mer blood to beautify and extend the life spans of witches and warlocks. I have heard rumors that members of the Illume Nations live for hundreds of years. Is this part of their plans for immortality?
The poor baby mers. They must be even more terrified than me if that is even possible. I have lived through a lot of terror and from that I have found strength. The poor little mers do not have experience to reassure themselves. They are too young to numb their fears. Their poor parents must be worried sick about them. So much suffering. I hate the Unith Witch Coven.
I am alone now and there is so much to contemplate. If only I could escape from this barred cage. Now that I know that everyone I love, betrayed me, I am certain, I want to find a new home far away from Presco Mountains and far away from this lake.
But then, I think about my genetic mother and father, Shine Belle and Zikron Baro. Though I hardly know Shine and I had never met Zikron, according to the story, they loved me and each other. They wanted to escape this place as do I and they risked everything for their pursuit.
I know that the Presco Mountain Colony leaders and the Unith Witch Coven could find me in Eucalyptus Falls if I was to live with Shine there. But it sounds like Zikron is gaining control over Bunky with his siren song. He seems powerful. Zikron might protect me. In fact, he probably would. If I find a way to break free from this cage that is where I hope to go.
Now as I swim around the aquarium in the dim light, I think about Bunky and Heartthrob. I am crazy for feeling such love for Heartthrob. He does not seem good. My yearnings for him and the empathy I feel for him seem wrong. I should be glad he is dead. Now that I am away from him, I feel a sense of relief. It shocks me how deeply I fell for him when I didn’t even know him at all. I don’t understand it. The desire seems unfathomable. The Unith Witch Coven must have sent him to spy on me. They must find ways to toy with their victims’ minds. Is this a mind control method?
But Bunky and I spent so much time together in the dungeon while we were locked away. He treated me very well. He made our time there even magical. I want a life like that. I want to be with someone who even in horrible times, will make life beautiful.
My heart yearns for Bunky. Even though he is a warlock, and I despise those wicked people, I just cannot believe he is bad. I love him. And that is what makes me feel so mixed up. Do I only love him because of the song playing in my head? Or do I love him in truth? Does he love me?
How can a warlock not be bad? But he does not want to be evil. I know that. He does so many heroic things. I can tell he is always trying to control himself from his selfish desires. He can’t help it if he is just bad. He made a mistake selling his soul to the devil. He should never have joined the Unith Witch Coven. Maybe I can reason with him. Maybe I can change him. Maybe I can make him good. I will tell him to leave the Unith Witch Coven, to renege his covenant with Satan.
Just then I hear the door open to the warehouse. I swim to the top of the cage to look above the other tanks and across the room. I can hardly believe my eyes. It is Heartthrob!
12
“Mealtime!” Heartthrob calls out as he enters the warehouse, shutting the door behind him. He carries a huge bag over his shoulder. When he opens it, thousands of colorful fish swim out in varying sizes. Some of the fish swim into the cages. The youngsters grab onto their wiggly bodies and eat them like candies.
Heartthrob’s legs are transformed in the form of a merman. His fish tail is black, and his lean body looks fit and strong. His blonde hair has grown so long and is in a wild mess that looks unfortunately attractive on him. I guess that Heartthrob’s hair must have grown out when he transformed into a merman in the water. Nobody is more handsome than Heartthrob. He is physical perfection.
And of course, the music goes wild and out of control in my mind. My thoughts are embarrassing. They even shock me considering my romantic life has been the epitome of innocence. Becoming a mermaid really puts those hormones in full throttle!
But more than anything, I am furious at myself for my attraction toward Heartthrob. I hate him. I imagine he must be entirely bad. But no matter how much I try to convince myself how unhappy I am to see him, I can’t. And this makes me even angrier. I just want to kill him. Really. He deserves to die.
“Hey there, wild child,” Looking at me with his sea blue eyes, Heartthrob says as he swims gracefully by my cage. He carries another smaller bag with him.
As much as I want help and freedom from this barred cage, I do not say anything. I feel my hands starting to hurt and look down realizing that my fists are balled up too tight at my sides with my fingernails digging into my palms. It doesn’t matter. I ignore Heartthrob and the pain distracts me. I want to rip his heart out, but he does not get close enough for me to try anything.
He swims around to the side of a little dirty blonde haired mergirl’s glass aquarium and lifts the lid. The girl sits on her pinkish colored fish tail on the bottom and looks up with sad eyes.
Heartthrob pours clams inside. “Treat time—eat up,” Heartthrob says to the little mer.
With her big blue eyes, she looks at the clams, but she does not move. It seems that all the mer children are exceedingly beautiful or handsome. Heartthrob shrugs and tilts his chin down while eyeing her. When she does not respond, he closes and locks the tank.
Heartthrob looks over at me and winks—probably just to annoy me. “You hear that music too, don’t you, wild child?”
Agh—he is so callous. I hate the way he treats the little mergirl. “Let me out of this cage,” I demand as I put my hands on my green scaly hips.
“Gladly,” he says. “But you have to promise not to bite.” His blue eyes sparkle when he says, ‘bite.’
He puts his hand on one of the bars of the cage and concentrates. I have no idea what he is doing. But then this red light starts exuding from his body. The bar starts to shake. I see letters in the water. They began to swirl around the bar. With that, he lets go of the metal for a moment and smiles mischievously at me. Then, while the letters are still swirling around the bar, he bends the thick steel easily.
“There’s enough space for you now. Come on out.” He holds his hand out to me.
I push him away and swim out.
“You’re a feisty one,” he says in a flirtatious voice that makes my blood boil with hatred and I lose my patience.
At once, I jump on him and started scratching him anywhere I can get my fingernails into. I bite his arm too. But he doesn’t flinch and just grabs me by the wrists and throws me over his shoulder.
“Let me down, let me down!” I scream. My hair is tangled all around me.
Heartthrob holds my wrists firmly. “Settle down, hot stuff. We’re going on the adventure of our lives.”
“No! Let me go.” I struggle to get away, but my mermaid tail is not a very good weapon. I wish I had my feet so I could have kicked him in the head.
He carries me over his shoulder out the door and locks it shut. “You know, wild child. You are powerless against me. If you’re a good girl, I’ll let you down and you can swim beside me. But, if you insist on being naughty, then I’ll just have to carry you.”
“Ok, set me down,” I scream at him. My hair is in my face and I cannot see anything.
“Remember, be good.”
I know I should just succumb. It is clear to me that I am powerless against him. How can I hurt a warlock? He is practically omnipotent.
“I’ll be good,” I say in a frustrated voice.
After that, he lifts me off his shoulder and puts me beside him.
Immediately, I swim away with all my speed. My body is so pumped with adrenaline that I feel like I might just explode. I make it past the warehouses and to the willows. But he swims after me.
“What are you going to do, wild child? Just swim away.”
I try to move as fast as I can, weaving in and out of the willows at great speed.
“I missed you,” he says in a sweet voice. “Don’t you know how much I need you?”
That infuriates me. I stop at once in the middle of the forest. He stops with me as if he anticipated my move. We are face to face now. “Just leave me alone. I want Bunky, not you! Don’t you know that?”
I am surprised. His demeanor changes. He looks genuinely hurt, but he tries to cover. “Oh.” His eyes are glazed. “I could give you to Bunky if that’s what you want.”
I want to cry and throw myself into his arms. My feelings are crazy. Nothing makes sense. I hate him. “Yes, that’s what I want.”
“Ok, then.” He clears his throat. I’ll take you to him.”
“Really?” I am surprised.
“Yeah.” The tone of his voice is serious. There is a softness to his vocals that throws me. Something about him seems raw and genuine. That surprises me. It must be a trick.
“Where is Bunky?” I ask, searching his shining blue eyes for the answers.
“Follow me,” he says, taking my hand without asking for permission.
We swim through the rest of the woodsy island and across the undercurrent of the lake parallel to the light. When I look up, I can see the early evening sky blurred through the water above. “Time to surface,” Heartthrob says as we near the shore. “Stay close to me and keep quiet.” He pulls me through some willows and bamboo shoots. A water snake swims past us toward the top of the lake.
“Command your tail into legs, Miss Cossette,” he says tilting his head down as he looks me over with dazed eyes that cause me to wonder what he is thinking.
“Mermaid tail transform to legs,” I whisper because Heartthrob ordered me to keep quiet. The green scales on my tail seem to smooth and the brown skin of my legs appears to form. I am not sure if I will ever get used to the shapeliness of my legs now that I am a mer.
I look at Heartthrob pleadingly and he says something under his breath that I assume is an incantation. Suddenly I am clad in a long prairie sort of dress with a big white bib that serves as a collar to the conservative style. I have seen fashion like this in ancient paintings depicting the pilgrims that first settled the United States. “I look like a weirdo,” I complain in a whisper to Heartthrob who is now clad in grey slacks with boots, and a zip-up shirt. “Why this dress?” I shake my head as I glance down at the horrible gown.
He throws his head to the side as we step out of the water onto the embankment of the lake in the waning light and seems to examine me from the corner of his eye. “I do not want to bother with killing men who look at you the wrong way.”
“The wrong way?” I roll my eyes, wondering what he means. “Oh,” I whisper. “You want me to look ugly, so you do not have to murder the competition for my affections?” I chuckle as I roll my eyes again. He is sick.
“Precisely.” He does not even look at me as he answers. Instead, he appears to be evaluating the landscape before us.
Through the evening light, it appears as if we are on the far side of the lake across from the cliff near the boundary at the crossing of Presco Mountains. I look back across the lake and see that we are very far from the colony and its terrain. The land before us appears grassy and level for about a quarter mile and then seems to dive down, maybe into a valley.
“Climb onto my back,” he says without looking at me. After he seems to make some sort of decision, maybe about the path we are going to take, he bends over, placing his hands on his thighs. “Now,” he orders in a sharp whisper.
Not sure what else to do, I comply. My cheeks heating, I hike up the long skirt of the pilgrim dress somewhat and heave my body up onto his back. With trepidation, I take hold of his neck. This feels too close for comfort. I do not want to hold him this way, but I seem to have no other choice.
In a rush, Heartthrob takes off running through the long grassy field before us. “Whoa!” I say, sucking in a breath while grabbing on tighter to his neck and repositioning my body.
“Hold on wild child,” he says as he weaves around some bushes and trees. Without even pausing to monitor his balance, he starts climbing down the side of a cliff.
I squeeze my legs tighter around his thin, tight waist and hug to him as firmly as I can. He simply grabs onto protruding rocks on the side of the mountain and lowers his feet onto distended branches and other extending rocks at such a swift pace I fear I may fall off him. How can anyone be this agile?
Once at the bottom of the mountain, he runs through the woods, weaving in and out of eucalyptus, oaks, and pine trees at a dizzying speed. The wind rushes through my long, messy hair and it flies behind us like a white carpet. We come to a quiet road and he stops before a red XO Port.
“Off the back,” he commands.
I narrow my eyes as I release my hands from his neck and slide down awkwardly from his backside. He opens the door on the driver’s side. “Get in,” he orders.
My eyelids lift. “Am I driving?”
With that, he blows air out of his lips. “Not a chance.” His eyelids lower as he almost indiscernibly shakes his head side to side. “Climb across the seat or go around to the other door.”
I swallow hard and step forward. Bending over, I make my way on my knees across the black leather seat and sit by the far window on the passenger seat. Folding my arms over my chest, I look over at Heartthrob as he gets in and starts the XO Port. “Where is Bunky?” I ask, hoping maybe this time he will give me some information on his whereabouts.
Heartthrob just starts to sing some sort of lullaby in another language as the port lifts off the ground. He has an enchanting voice that is soft and entrancing. My body starts to feel heavy. I yawn as my eyelids fall. Struggling to open my eyes, I find I cannot. I try as hard as I can, but my eyelids feel like they are sealed closed. My heart starts pounding fast in my chest, but I feel so tired and I pass out.
*
When I awake in my pilgrim dress, I look side to side and see that Heartthrob is not in the XO Port. It is dark outside, so I am guessing it is late at night. The port is parked behind some large boulders in what looks like the desert on flat land with cacti and dried brush here and there. I try the passenger door of the port, but it is locked. It seems that Heartthrob must have locked me inside the port. But why?
In the dim light, I open some of the various compartments on the dashboard. They seem to be locked. I climb over the front bench seat into the back trunk area. I feel around the flat leather surface and feel a seam. Maybe this is the storage compartment for the spare pipes and jack. It would be rude to pull up the leather to get inside, but it is even ruder leaving me locked in the port. With that, I claw at the edges of the leather seams and pull up the skin. I feel a metal indentation underneath and pull it up. A compartment opens and sure enough spare parts are inside.
I take a cylindrical metal tool out and slam it into the metal bottom of the compartment with hopes of breaking through the bottom of the port so that I can crawl out and escape. My attempt makes too much noise. My body tenses. I slam the cylinder once again and though the bottom does not break open, something jiggles and slides to the side. I feel around to find what I jarred out of place and pick it up. Oh my! It is a key! Sucking in a sharp breath, I climb back over the bench seat and slide it in the keyhole. The door unlocks!
With my pulse racing, I ease out of the port, afraid of the unexpected. In the dark, I creep around the auto and peek around the boulder. I see a large, weathered house about forty meters ahead. Maybe Bunky is in the house. Heartthrob, though I do not trust him, said he is taking me to Bunky. It might be dangerous, but I decide to sneak up to the building and see what is there. It could be just as dangerous waiting here in this XO Port like a sitting duck.
I run barefoot across the dry desert sand and gravel, dodging bushes, brush, and cacti toward the old, weathered house. It might not be smart to walk in through the big double doors in the front, so I sneak around the side. Once I see a door, I stand to the side of it and listen. I can’t hear anyone inside, so I try the knob and the door opens.
Once inside, I see I am in a dark laundry room. I creep through, past the electronic wash racks, and head through the open doorway into a hall. I hear the faint sounds of chanting. Still in the dark, I turn off into what seems like a large kitchen because I bump into the stove. The rhythms and voices are louder now. Drums start to sound. The noise seems to be just ahead through the door past the kitchen. My heart pounds fast.
I crack the door to see what is happening behind it. It seems to be a dimly lit grand room. People are wearing black gothic cloaks with hoods over their heads. There is a huge pentagram on the wall. One man with a pale face and black hair beneath his hood is playing a drum while about ten pale faced men and women are chanting before an altar of fire with an opening to the ceiling where the smoke flies up. To the side are several hospital-like beds with medical machines beside each bed.
I cannot see all their faces because some have their backs to me, but I do not see Heartthrob nor Bunky here. The people have gothic looks like the witches and warlocks I saw in the metropolis when I went for antibiotics for Mum and Zip. The chanting seems to be in another language. The sounds thunder in my head.
Somebody, also in a black robe with a hood, enters from a room across on the other side of the grand room. The woman carries something in her arms. After a series group chants, she hands it to another person who sets it on the burning alter. The object starts to shriek and wail.
My hand flies to my open mouth. These robed people are sacrificing a live baby on the burning alter. I want to run in and try to save the infant, but if I do, they will probably kill me. I am not strong enough to fight these people.
After the baby stops crying, presumably dead, several other warlocks and witches carry in either unconscious or dead mer toddlers. Their fish tails look a little dried out from being out of the water. I still do not see Heartthrob or Bunky anywhere. The occultists place the mergirls and merboys on the beds and strap them down. My heart aches. Once the toddlers are in place, they seem to stick needles in them and draw their blood through tubes into bags. How can this be? Fury thunders through me.
The witches and warlocks join around the mer toddlers and appear to transmit the blood into their own veins through the machines. My hands are sweating as I observe the mers’ bodies start to convulse on the beds. Their tails flap up and down while their bodies gyrate. I want to scream, but I hold it all inside. After a short while, the bodies lay motionless. How could they? How could they hurt and murder these poor children?
13
When Heartthrob returns to the XO Port I am sitting in the passenger seat where he left me. After leaving the old, weathered house of human and mer sacrifice just a short time ago, I rushed back to the port, returned the key to the storage compartment and tried to make everything look the same as before I tampered with the auto.
Now my hope is that Heartthrob will not discover that I snuck away and witnessed the murders. Before I returned to the port, I thought about trying to run away from this place, but I have no idea where I am. It seems likely I would die in this desert from dehydration, starvation, or some other danger. We seem to be isolated from civilization out here. My hope is that Heartthrob is not planning to hurt me. He did save my life from the colony members, so maybe he wants me to live.
“Where did you go?” I ask, trying to seem unaffected.
“I thought Bunky was out here in the desert,” he responds, seemingly distracted with his thoughts.
“Is he?” I ask with an impassive expression on my face while looking down at my hands in my lap. I am wondering why Bunky would be here. I wonder if Bunky knows that the witches and warlocks sacrifice babies and take the blood of mer toddlers to extend their lives and to beautify themselves. I inhale and hold my breath.
Heartthrob shakes his head and runs his fingers through his blonde tousled, short hair. “The boy is not here. He’s in Ashkelon.” His gorgeous face is expressionless, blank. “I’ll take you there. You’ll like it.”
I exhale, relieved that he does not seem to be planning to take me inside the old, weathered house to sacrifice me as I worried. I do want to go to Ashkelon to find my father. I want that more than anything. “Ok, I’ll go,” I respond as my heart tightens in my chest.
“You will?” His voice lifts as he smiles.
“What are you happy about?” I try to sound casual, like I do not have a care in the world, though internally I feel quite the opposite. “I’m going to see Bunky,” I say with a snub.
“Right.” He pauses, giving the impression that he is thinking. “At least I get to spend time with you on the way there.”
I roll my eyes, wondering what sort of machinations he has planned. This guy is full of games.
He mumbles something under his breath which I suspect is an invocation. Suddenly I feel exceedingly tired again. I yawn a couple of times as my eyes close. At once, I feel a sense of desperation and experience a shortness of breath. I try to open my eyes, but they will not open. Did this happen to me before? This feels familiar. Beside myself in shock, I cannot remember. It is like my eyes are sealed shut. I struggle to open them. This is such a nightmare. I try to scream, but my mouth will not open. Before I can form further opinions, I fall asleep.
*
I awake in Heartthrobs arms at the edge of the lake in Presco Mountains. “What happened?” I ask looking out at the sunrise. The sky is a swirl of purple and dark blue with glimmers of early morning light.
“We are going to Ashkelon to see Bunky. You fell asleep,” he says grinning at me.
“Oh.” I try to remember the night, but I feel confused.
He starts to walk into the water with me in his arms. “Bunky awaits,” he teases. His face looks utterly gorgeous as he smirks at me.
I feel a pull in my heart when I think of Bunky and how long we have been apart. My eyes cast down at my clothing. I see that I am wearing a pilgrim dress with a big white bib as my body eases into the lake. Why would I wear this? The last thing I remember was Heartthrob running with me in his arms through the Presco Mountain woods while the colony chased after us. He killed much of the colony men who pursued me. He had no mercy. Then he fought with Bunky and Bunky killed Heartthrob. I was angry.
“You’re alive,” I say. “I thought you were dead.” I remember diving into the lake and following a school of carp.
He sets me down. “Better dive in…” he chuckles, “…or you will be standing on your fish tail soon.”
My chin juts back. “How did I get here?” I feel like I have been asleep for a long time. It is like time has escaped me. It’s almost like I feel drugged.
“You fell asleep, so I brought you here and now we are going to see your boyfriend.”
I nod, feeling unsure. The music plays in my mind. It draws me into the lake beyond my control. I dive under. The water rushes over me. It feels so cool and refreshing on my body. What a sensation! And as I swim down deeper, my legs transform into a green mermaid tail and the dress tears off my body. I see the light below. Wow! It is powerful.
“Take my hand,” he says, the dimples forming on his perfect face.
“Why should I?” I ask as the space between my eyebrows creases.
“Believe me. You want to be in my arms when we swim into the light.” Heartthrob looks at me with raised eyebrows as he tilts his chin. I am not sure, but his expression seems flirtatious. He continues speaking in a more serious tone, “The energy is intense. It will be easier for you if I hold you in it.” He doesn’t seem to be playing around.
He is right. I am afraid of entering the light. The music is so loud.
“These willows aren’t any fun to swim through. It’s dark and gloomy in this forest. Climb on my back and I’ll get us through here quickly.”
I contort my face. “That’s absurd. You want me to get on your back?”
“Yes. Come on. It’ll be exciting. You’ll see,” he coaxes with just a hint of mischief in his blue eyes.
A warm sensation lifts in my chest. Trying to ignore my feelings, I realize that I cannot straddle his back the way I do when I am riding a horse because I do not have legs right now. So, I swim behind him and hold onto his bare muscular shoulders. I feel a little shaky as I touch him.
“Hold tight,” Heartthrob says nonchalantly. And he is off and swimming like a missile. To my surprise, this is fun. My mood lifts. We move so fast, weaving in and out of the willows at such great speed, that it feels like I am on a very smooth battle coaster at the amusement park.
“Whoa! This is great,” I can’t help but yell out in joy.
In no time, we are out of the forest and into clear water. I can’t see anything but bubbles and light because we are moving too fast.
He takes a sharp dive downwards. The speed is so great it feels like free falling. I try not to laugh because I do not want him to know what a thrilling time I am having.
“Now we’re just going to go right into the light and I’m going to hold you tight.”
I am terrified, remembering the last time I burnt up into nothing. But, before I have much chance to think about it, he pulls me up against his chest and holds me securely.
“Now!” He screams. And we shoot into the light. I hold him so tightly, but in no time, we are formless. There is nothing to hold. I feel his essence. Maybe it is his soul that I feel, that is, if he even has one. But it is an entirely pleasurable experience. It is like we are one. I know him entirely and I love him.
That must be why he took me into the light. He must have known that the realness of the experience would attach me to him and it did. It is difficult to explain the ethereal, but it is the only thing that is true. I am one with him. I am one with everything. There are no physical divisions of otherness. We are just us and everyone at the same time and that is it.
The music calls us, and our minds direct our consciousness toward it. This is where we have to be. We do not have a choice any longer. At once, we shoot through a porthole. It is like a long tunnel with scenery at the end like a beautiful, clear vision in a dream.
Suddenly, we land in physical form and we are in Ashkelon. I can’t believe my eyes!
14
As we enter Ashkelon through the porthole, I am still in Heartthrob’s arms. We are chest to chest. I can feel every movement of his lithe, muscular body against my frame.
Before our eyes is a heavenly world. Ashkelon is golden, sparkling and grand. Magnificent castles line the purple mountains. Treasure chests of gold and jewels lie open on the underwater streets. Beautiful hanging gardens with Roman pillars and stone arches accentuate the lush park to our right. And intricately carved terraces overlook views of mesmerizing canyons to our left.
The scenery is so impressive, I nearly cry. Just from the beauty of it, I definitely want to live here. But, not in a million years am I going to let Heartthrob know how much I like what I see.
“You can let go now,” I say sternly, trying to cover my awe for this enchanting world. I don’t want him to know how happy I am to be here.
“Ah, come on.” His mesmerizing blue eyes are wide with wonder. “You have to admit you like feeling my heartbeat against yours in this amazing city.” He releases me and I slap him with my green mermaid tale. I think that surprises him.
“Hey, you really are a feisty one.” The dimples form on his cheeks as he smiles wryly at me. “What do you think of Ashkelon?”
“It’s alright,” I say shrugging my shoulders. The music is romantic in my mind, but I try to ignore it.
He laughs as his long blonde hair fans out in the water. “Just alright, wild child?”
“That’s what I said.” My voice is sharp.
“Okay.” He laughs again. “We are going to have the time of our lives here.”
“We?” My focus on him is piercing. “What about Bunky?” I feel a twinge in my heart.
Heartthrob raises an eyebrow. “What about him?” I am not sure, but I sense he may be jealous.
“Where is he?” I demand as I put my hands on my green scaly hips. “You said he was here.”
His face takes a serious expression. “I thought he was.” He looks around. “Ashkelon is a big place. Don’t worry—we’ll find him.”
I gasp as my eyes widen in a narrowed way with my nose slightly scrunched. “You mean you don’t even know where he is?”
“Well…” he pauses with a surprisingly innocent look on his face. I wonder if he is bluffing. “Not exactly, but I know he’s here and he shouldn’t be hard to find.”
“It feels like we are in saltwater.” My voice sounds melancholy.
He stretches his muscular, bare arms upwards and then places his hands behind his head. “We are. That porthole took us to the Ocean of Tropics.”
When I hear mention of the ocean, memories of my regular nightly swims off the Los Angeles Coast flood back into my mind. For a moment I think about living on the island with Mum before I met Bunky. He must have known she was a witch. In truth, he and Heartthrob must have assigned her to me. Her duty was merely to watch over me, preserve me for their mission of spying on me considering they think I am going to destroy the Unith Witch Coven.
My heart aches at the thought of their betrayals. Maybe if I just talk to Bunky, he can explain it all to me. He must have had good intentions. He will not do anything to hurt me. Or will he?
“Come on,” Heartthrob says, dropping his hands from behind his head of luxurious blonde hair. “I’ll show you where we are going to go first.”
He holds out his hand, and in my sadness, I take it. My cheeks burn. His touch sends my pulse racing which angers me immensely, but I still hold to him because the feeling is too pleasurable to let go. I want him even though my mind tells me I should not. It is an unreasonable desire.
I am still in awe of the beauty that surrounds us in this ocean world. Together, we swim past the hanging gardens and up toward the purple mountains. Bubbles trail behind us twinkling in light.
As we move ahead, I ask, “Where is everyone? Aren’t there supposed to be mermaids here?”
His black merman tail looks impressive and strong as he swims. “Yes, there are,” he says turning his head briefly at my face as we swim onward. “It’s just that everyone is at the festivity today.” I think I see the slightest grin lift and then disappear on his exceedingly handsome face.
I cannot help but peek at the attractive muscles on his lean body as he swims. It’s not only his mer tail, but everything about him also looks so strong and powerful.
“What is the occasion?” I notice that the colors are so vibrant here. All the flowers and greenery seem so alive. The floral scents mesmerize my senses.
“It’s just a regular day, but Ashkelon is a land of endless festivals and revelry. Every day, the creatures of Ashkelon throw fantastic parties and most everyone swims from bash to bash. So, usually they are all wherever the celebrations are. Sometimes the events are here, but today they are at other enchanting sites.”
“Have you been here before?” I notice how his blonde hair shines in the warm sunlight.
He laughs. “Many times.”
“Oh.” My voice drops a note. I wonder what he has done here the other times. “When was the last time you were here?”
For a moment, his thoughts seem to drift in contemplation. “I haven’t been here since the music started playing in my mind.”
We swim through a coral palace past the treasure of pearls and gems, past the amphitheater where lovely mermaids watch a flashy play with red fans, phosphorescent jelly fish, and dancing sea horses. “Why aren’t those beauties at the festivals?”
“That theater show is part of the revelry. You will see as we swim. Parties line the streets, the mountains, the outsides of dance clubs.”
After living in post-apocalyptic Los Angeles and after being locked away in a dungeon, this land seems like paradise. It is heavenly. I never want to leave.
We continue onward, hand in hand, past the library of heroic legends, past the salon of flashing mirrors, past the royal museum of silk and satin, and into the underwater butterfly garden.
“This place reminds me of you, wild child,” Heartthrob says as he looks at me with dreamy blue eyes.
The butterflies flutter in dynamic colors around us, their bodies light up in twinkle and flash.
“Well, if any pretty insects do fly out of me, you won’t know it here. There are so many little charms before our eyes.” I do not know why I said that aloud. Most likely he has no idea what I am talking about.
His expression on his face looks impassive when I look at him. “Come on,” he says, pulling me forward.
“Woah!” I holler out, letting my fears and worries go. At the moment, I can’t be angry. I am having too much fun.
We see glowing bulbs rolling through colorful seaweed fields ahead.
“Where are those magnificent bulbs going to?” I ask, wondering aloud.
His eyes flash with fire. “I don’t know. Let’s find out!”
I wonder what that fiery look is about. In delightful curiosity, we swim after the lit bulbs, drawn to them and the beautiful, alluring music ahead.
“The music we hear beyond is the same song as in my mind. Is it the same for you?” I ask as I push my messy long hair out of my face.
“Yes!” Heartthrob smiles widely with all his perfect white teeth showing. “The music is both inside of me and now outside of me in this wondrous place.” His excitement is infectious.
The bulbs roll faster and faster. It takes my full strength to keep up with them. The music gets louder and louder, more entrancing and mystical by the moment. Suddenly, we find ourselves being projected upwards in a loud musical burst of brilliant sound and light along with the bulbs. There are sprays and flashes of light like fireworks layered atop each other in splendor. My body fills with bliss.
“Hey, this is great,” Heartthrob hollers in delight.
We come up and out of an underwater sparkling water fountain. I think my smile is about as wide as Heartthrob’s smile now. It is so funny—we sit on top of the water geyser within an ornately tiled pool. Together, we bounce up and down with the gushes of water that lift us. I cannot stop laughing. And Heartthrob is laughing too.
The music is everywhere now—inside of us and outside of us, all around. Heartthrob pulls me to the side, and we make our way out of the geyser and into the pool. I look around and there is an orchestra of mermaids and mermen surrounding the pool. They are playing all sorts of unusual instruments and singing the most beautiful siren songs.
The mermaids have long and flowing hair with beautiful seashell ornaments placed attractively around the crowns of their heads. Precious stones and conch shells line their necks. And delicate gold chains decorate with charms tied around their waists.
The mermen are less adorned, but they are no less attractive. They have perfectly sculpted bodies of varying sizes and handsome tails of masculine colors.
The music is as glorious as I could have imagined. And I notice that as my moods fluctuate ever so slightly so the orchestra accommodates. It is connected to us as if it is us.
“Brilliant,” Heartthrob says. His face is glowing. He really looks happy. “This is where we belong. I couldn’t want anything else.” He smiles at me then and I feel that he is being entirely genuine.
“I feel the same way. I can’t help it. I do. How could I ever leave this land? It is perfect.” I am unable to stop smiling. No matter what I do. I just cannot stop smiling.
But then I think of Bunky and I do not know I lose myself. I just start crying. I miss him terribly and I feel so guilty being in Ashkelon without him. If I am going to live in paradise, it should be with Bunky Ohare, even if he is entirely bad. I should have experienced the core of the music for the first time with Bunky, not with Heartthrob. I have been through so much with Bunky. I cannot live without him. Even if we are mismatch with me being a mermaid and Bunky being a warlock, as far as I am concerned, he is me, I am him, we are one.
“I am sorry—I cannot do this,” I say to Heartthrob, pushing away from him. And, without further explanations, I swim away, pushing my way through the orchestra. Nothing compares to Bunky. And all this beauty that surrounds me means nothing to me without Bunky Ohare.
15
I feel so guilty for being attracted to Heartthrob when all my yearning should have been only for Bunky. It does not seem right to split my desires. But I can’t help it. In many ways, I feel powerless. The right thing to do is to separate from Heartthrob. It never really works out for men and women to be friends. One or the other usually falls for the other.
But there is a big difference between lust and love. And even though I lust for Heartthrob, I hate him. Bunky may have his wicked side considering he delves into the dark side with witchcraft, but I cannot help it—I love him. It is more than just desire. For Bunky, I feel both—lust and love.
I swim as fast as I can past crowds of mermaids and mermen partying on the streets and at café fronts and from the balconies of charming cobblestone buildings. As I move out of the immediate city area, I arrive at a golden grass field.
I can’t help but slow my pace to look at the curious fish that danced alluringly above the plant life. Their eyes are dreamy with thick eyelashes that remind me of Heartthrob. They make such fascinating patterns in the water. Their tales look long and transparent with phosphorescent glows. As I study them closer, I notice they have the same full, sensual lips as Heartthrob too. And dimples. Their dance is hypnotic, and I can’t help but follow them as they swim toward a huge pink coral reef. I feel like I am in a trance.
They lead me through a hole in the reef that leads into a marvelous cave. The walls are of the same pink coral. There is a luxurious bear fur rug on the ground set before a lit fireplace. Off to the side is a delicate round table with lit candles and two set plates of fine food that look more like art than edibles, the way it is arranged so spectacularly.
The meal smells delicious and I feel so hungry. There is nobody around aside from the peculiar fish that continue to dance before me, so I decide I will just take a quick bite and leave before I am caught. I sit down on a lovely, delicate chair with a plush satin cushion. It is so surprisingly comfortable. I had never felt such a seat. And oh, the scent of the food before me is mouthwatering.
I take a little taste of something sweet with a fine sauce. And, yes, it is unbelievably scrumptious. What an exotic flavor and oh, so delicious. I want to keep eating. The food is like a drug. The fish continue to dance around the room. And then before I take another bite, Heartthrob swims into the coral cave.
He claps his hands twice and the fish swam away out through the hole. “I see you found my home, wild child.”
“Your home?” I am confused. Of all the places I could have swam to in this land of revelry, I end up in the home of the very creature I am trying to flee from. How odd.
“Yes. I called in ahead and had these meals prepared for us. What did you think of the rose fish that lured you here?”
I look at him closely, wondering what he is up to. “You planned the fish dance too?”
He chuckles lightly. “What? Did you think it was just coincidence that a school of fish had the same facial features as me?” His smile looks big and playful.
“I did notice that.” I start to smile even though I don’t want to. “That was funny.” I really thought his odd creations were clever and appealing to the senses.
He sits in the other plush chair across from me at the table. His lips look so pillowy soft. I like his physical appearance very much. He has just the right balance of appeal. His look is a little exotic, a little childish, and a little rugged. Put it all together and he is a dream.
“You must try the wine,” His voice is almost lyrical. “It’s from the vineyard here. The grapes are magical with the scent of flowers and perfume.” He pours me a glass of wine.
I take the delicate glass from him and taste the wine. “Wow!” my eyes pop wide. The taste is otherworldly. “It’s so good. I cannot even describe it. It is so smooth. And I see what you mean about the scent. It is so familiar, but I cannot place it.”
Heartthrob smiles softly and watches me with gentle eyes. “It smells like Grace Devine. Doesn’t it?”
“Grace Devine? Oh, yes it does. I have not smelled that perfume in so long. That was the fragrance I used to wear on holidays before the release of the Pokuth Virus on our population.” What pleasant memories the scent brought back.
Heartthrob and I eat the delicious meal together. The candlelight on the table coupled with the light in the fireplace gives the cave a comfortable glow. I like watching the shadows flicker across Heartthrob’s face as he speaks.
“I wish I knew more about you, wild child.” He tilts his head to the side and seems to be studying my hair. “I like the way your silky white hair spreads out in the water. It really is beautiful.”
I do not know what to say. I am not used to receiving compliments from the male race and especially not from someone as appealing as Heartthrob. And I keep trying to remind myself how much I hate him.
After Heartthrob is finished eating, he puts his hands behind his head and leans back in the chair. “Do you like dome cinema shows?”
“Of course, but I have not seen one in so long. Do you like them?” I ask him as I take another sip of the delicious wine.
“I was a bit of a cinema fanatic before the collapse.” It looks as if he is thinking back to that time. “Who was your favorite actor?”
I feel warm blood rush to my cheeks when he asks that.
“Why did you blush, hot cakes?” From his expression, he looked very curious.
“Oh, it’s just that I used to have this huge crush on Dezzer Eledon. Do you know who he is?”
Now, to my surprise, Heartthrob’s cheeks turn pinkish in color. “Uh, yeah. I’ve heard of him.”
“What?” I look at him curiously. “Did I say something wrong?”
“Oh, no. Not at all.” He genuinely looks embarrassed.
“What are you jealous?” I laugh uncomfortably. “You don’t like that my world was about somebody else other than you?” I try to make light of it.
“It’s just that…” He pauses. “Well… Dezzer Eledon is me.” He twists in his seat and then smiles wryly at me.
“That’s a strange thing to say. What do you mean?” I start to twist a strand of my hair as I often do when I am uncomfortable.
“When the United States was still strong, all the witches and warlocks were guised as humans. We did not show our true selves. Because we had powers and special abilities that ordinary people did not possess, most witches and warlocks were of the elite of society. My human guise was Dezzer Eledon. I just did not expect you to say he was your favorite. You know, he was kind of crazy and alternative. I thought you’d say you liked someone more conventional like Bastile Ronnanan.”
I was embarrassed now too. He had no idea how much I was obsessed with Dezzer Eledon and now I am sitting in the same room with him. “Uh, no. I didn’t like Bastile Ronnanan.”
“You are blushing again,” he says. And then, he suddenly chants something and snaps his fingers. At once, he turns into Dezzer Eledon.
My body fills with giddy excitement. I cannot believe I am actually sitting across from the teenage heartthrob. Endless nights while lying in bed, I had dreamed of such. And now, here I am right across from my dream dome cinema star. I feel my throat grow tight like an awkward child. I can’t even talk; I feel so embarrassed.
“Is this for real?” I finally ask because I don’t know what else to say.
“Yup,” he gazes at me darkly as was the way of Dezzer Eledon. “I’m real.”
“I can’t believe you were a teen star. This is all too strange.”
His lips are naturally red, and his pale skin is a dramatic contrast to his dark hair. But his intense blue eyes are exactly the same as Heartthrob’s.
“I noticed something familiar about you, but I couldn’t place it. You and Dezzer both have the same eyes. Why is that?” I stop twisting my hair and looked at him inquisitively.
“High level warlocks can shape shift into many things, but we can’t change our eyes.”
“The eyes are the windows to the soul,” I whisper. “My mother used to say that. Something she must have read somewhere.” A tinge of hatred toward my mum rises up in me.
“Your mother was right. The eyes cannot lie.” He gulps down his wine and shakes his head maniacally. His eyes are wide with a crazed look.
I laugh a little, feeling off balance. “That’s one of the things I like about Dezzer. He has that unpredictable way about him that I find unfathomable. I can never figure him out. It’s so weird calling him Dezzer now.”
“There wasn’t a lot to figure out. When I was a cinema actor, I was restless. I wanted love, but I could not find it. No matter how many fans adored me, it was not genuine, and it was not enough.” While gazing at me, he leans forward placing his elbow on the table as his face rests in his hand. “I wanted you, wild child.”
My body tingles all over when he says that. I know it has to be a lie, but he sure knows what to say. “You knew about me back then, right? How could that be? I never met you.”
Dezzer smiles crookedly. “I sure as hell did, hot cakes. You were just too young then. You had not gone through puberty yet. I was just waiting for you to become a mermaid.”
“It’s so shocking to learn that Dezzer Eledon was thinking of me when he was a big super star. I could have never imagined that back then.” I place my hand on my forehead. “I don’t understand. How did you even know was?”
“Well, I was thinking of you.” He is looking down at the ground and brooding now. “I know you don’t trust me, Vanille, but I’m going to change that.”
He is not going to tell me how he knew of me back when he was a dome cinema star, it seems. “How are you going to do that?” I ask, as I watch the candlelight flicker on the table.
He looks up at me through his thick lashes. “You’ll see.” I see a facetious look in his sea blue eyes now.
   Dezzer stands up and stretches. He has a great physique. “Okay…” He looks at me and raises an eyebrow. “Enough of this, wild child.” With a whisk of the hand, he says a spell in a whisper and within an instant he is back in merman form as Heartthrob.
“Wait.” I swim out of my seat and wade in the water before him. “Do the mermaids here in Ashkelon know you are a warlock?”
“Hell, no!” He has a shocked look on his face. “That would send their lazy minds into fits. The purpose of Ashkelon is to keep everyone too busy with fun and leisure to notice anything.”
I am wondering why he is so forthcoming with me. He does not seem like the type to tell the truth. “So you are saying that Ashkelon is like a cage without bars?”
Heartthrob smiles as his long blonde hair billows out behind him. “Yes, that about sums it up. The mers think they are free, but really they are oblivious slaves to pleasure. They would never rebel against anyone but themselves. Never would they bother with an uprising against the Unith Witch Coven because our presence is hidden. They know we created them, but that is all.”
He is really showing all his cards. “Are you saying that entertainment is a form of mental control?”
A sly grin lifts on his perfect face. “That’s exactly what I am saying, wild child. The mers do commit crimes, but only within their land and against each other. They are slaves to the warlocks and witches, and they don’t even know it.” He shakes his head.
“We wanted to experiment with setting some of our crossbreeds free while still controlling them,” he continues.
I interrupt, “Is that what you call the mers? Crossbreeds?”
He nods. “After they started multiplying in our warehouses, the work to maintain all of them became too time extensive. We wanted as many crossbreeds as possible, but we could not take care of them all, so we put them in cities.
“They are happier thinking they are free and it’s easier for us. We just keep what we need for study and experimentation in the facilities and free the rest. With this scenario, everyone wins. We have various lands that can be accessed through different portholes, each with its own kind. And there are some melting pots where we intermix crossbreeds within a land.” He smiles and then swims over to the fireplace.
I roll my eyes when he turns away. He must be messing with my mind. There is no way that someone with this much influence on the population would just tell me such ruling class secrets. According to his explication, I am one of his creations and I do not like the idea of that. Something about it just does not seem right. “I guess I see what you mean,” I manage to say.
He turns back to me. “Think about it, wild child.” His expression seems serious. “It’s a great life. I’d like the life of a mer for myself!”
“You would?” I was surprised by his statement because I figure if what he is saying is not a game on me, he must find pleasure in controlling populations for his own power. Why would he be attracted to being just an ordinary mer?
“Of course—that’s why Bunky and I, with the help of the other warlocks and witches, implemented it. We thought about what we would want, and Ashkelon is it. Ashkelon is a life of pure bliss. Who wouldn’t want that?”
“I guess you have a point there.” Actually, the more I started thinking about what he had said, the more it made sense.  I would have to give his philosophies further thought, but at least in some ways he was right. “I sure hated hiding away for my life on the island off the Los Angeles Coast after the U.S. downfall. And even before that, life wasn’t so great going to city school and living in an apartment with my mother. A life of fun sure beats any of that.
“That’s my point exactly.” Heartthrob runs his fingers through his hair. “We played God in creating these crossbreeds and now we’re playing God in giving them a perfect world.”
That is a mighty arrogant statement, I think to myself. Though I feign satisfaction, I am still uncomfortable with his philosophies. It seems like he has robbed all these creatures of their freedom. Though they look happy, essentially, they are slaves at the core. Happy slaves. Something about that just does not seem right to me.
My body tenses suddenly. “What was that?” I ask Heartthrob with a start. “Did you hear that?”
I hear screams and then laughter. Frightened, I move toward Heartthrob. Suddenly, four mers swim through the entrance into the coral cave where we are talking. Their abrupt presence startles me, so I rush behind Heartthrob.
16
Heartthrob laughs as I hide behind him. At once, he turns around to look at me. “You don’t need to be afraid, Vanille. These are my friends.”
Now I am embarrassed. I must look infantile hiding behind Heartthrob like he is my daddy. The idea of something as normal as hanging out with friends has been entirely out of my realm for years. Even before the United States downfall, I never had many friends. And these four are all unusually attractive and confident. Something about each one is spellbinding. They all look about my age, about twenty years old.
“Hi, there,” one of the mers says cheerily as she swims with her curvy, perfect body closer to me. Her way is charming, but her errant long curls of auburn hair float all over the place. Her silver blue eyes are sharp in color, but soft in emotion.
I swim out from behind Heartthrob and force myself to be somewhat friendly. “I’m Vanille,” I say hesitantly. It has been so long since I have done anything normal like this. Since the Economy Crash, people aren’t polite and social. The survivors just look out for themselves and seem more cautious than friendly. This feels surprisingly refreshing, but altogether foreign.
Renena takes my hand warmly into her hers. “I am so happy to meet a friend of Heartthrobs. Usually, he has so many mermaids at his side…” She tilts her head with her eyes widening. “It’s funny to see him with just one. Are you pregnant?”
My chin juts back at her question. “Oh, no. It’s not like that,” I say, trying to steady my shaky voice.
The others laugh, maybe at her or maybe at me. I am not sure.
“Wild child, this is Renena,” Heartthrob says merrily as he gestures toward the small waisted beauty. “She’s like a sister to me.”
Then he motions toward the young man with her. “Hey there, chief,” Heartthrob says to Renena’s apparent boyfriend, as he slaps him on the back. He looks thin with wide, deep set chartreuse green eyes and amber brown short hair. From his striking looks, he seems like a model from a flashboard. I am surprised that his hair is not long like many of the mers I have seen.
“Welcome back, friend,” the mer says to Heartthrob in his low, but friendly voice and then he looks at me. “I’m Hark.”
“Hi,” I respond awkwardly.
“You are the only mermaid underwater Heartthrob cannot have.” He narrows his eyes cynically and tilts his head to the side while looking at Heartthrob with a smirk on his face.
Heartthrob also tapers his eyes at him but Hark punches him lightly and playfully on the chin. Blowing air and bubbles out of his mouth, Heartthrob continues, “And this is Amdathan.” Heartthrob takes the gorgeous, shapely blonde with indigo blue eyes by the hand and brings her over to me. I have never seen anyone so beautiful.
“Hello, Vanille,” she says in a soft voice that has a slight sultry resonance to it. Though she seems more aloof than Renena, she acts polite. “This is my boyfriend, Ailey.”
The way Amdathan introduces him to me with her chin lowered while looking up at me through her lashes with pointed eyes, I feel like she is hinting that I should keep my hands off him. But she has nothing to worry about—a guy as breathtaking as Ailey would never be interested in me when stunning perfection is beside him.
“I hope I like getting to know you, Amdathan and Ailey.” Ailey is even taller than Hark. His shoulders look broad like a football player and he has long dark curly hair and smokey black eyes.
“Pleasure,” Ailey says in a brief, but polite voice, a hint of incredulity on his face though I am not sure. I can imagine him in the military.
For a moment, I just look at these four spectacles as they chat with Heartthrob. They are all so charismatic and visually lissome and ideal. Renena with her flowing red hair, Amadathan with her long blonde curls, Hark and his wide, deep chartreuse green eyes and flashboard model appearance, and Ailey with his statuesque, muscular frame and grand presence looks impressive. They are so appealing that they hardly seem real.
Heartthrob claps his hand once. “Well, let’s go have some fun!”
They all chat amongst themselves in agreement and we are on our way out through the hole of the coral cave. I hardly have time to think about whether I even want to join them. Heartthrob just whisks me off and away with him, holding my hand all the while.
How can I deny him with the erotic music pounding in my head, edging me on? “What about Bunky?” I whisper to him so the others cannot hear as we swim through the golden field.
“We’ll keep an eye out for him. If he is in Ashkelon like I expect, we are sure to run into him tonight. No better way to find him than to go with the crowds.”
We arrive at the dance club. I have only tried to go to a dance club once and it was to try to get Mum out. It was so long ago. At this underwater club, nobody has to show IDs which is something I am surprised about. In Los Angeles, before the bars burnt down from looting fires, the bouncers used to scan customers arm implants for age information and criminal records.
The dance floor in the club looks like it was made of pure silver. It is shiny and slick. I think it is designed more for appearance than function though because the mers don’t have any use for it without feet or legs. They simply dance above it with the lights from above flashing upon them.
I am pleased to discover that the same music that is playing in my mind is playing in the club. Apparently, all the public music in Ashkelon is from the same siren orchestra we saw earlier. The interesting thing is that it is affected by everyone’s emotions.
I notice that when another teen mermaid gets vehemently angry at her friend, the rhythms of the music vary slightly, and the vocals change course apparently reflecting her thoughts. It seems as if whoever has the most intense feeling, his or her emotions are projected the strongest. Everyone’s thoughts and feelings are combined in the music, but the most passionate becomes the most apparent.
“Come, let’s go to the bar and get drinks,” Heartthrob says to the group.
“Go on ahead,” Amdathan says as she drapes her long blonde curls over her shoulders in a languid manner. “I’ll catch up with you all. I need to go to the ladies room.” She turns and looks at me blinking her indigo blue eyes at me. “Why don’t you come with me, Vanille?”
I grimace and then swallow as my eyes cast down at the floor. Beyond my embarrassment, I feel more than surprised that she chose me to go with her. In the past, I was always the girl off to the side by myself. Girls were always doing things in groups and though I wanted to be like that, I never knew how. I look at Heartthrob, hoping that my cheeks aren’t red.
“Sure, go with Amdathan. You know where to find me.” He winks which makes me giggle.
“Come, come.” Amdathan takes my hand. Her skin is cool to the touch. I am glad we are under water so that she will not notice that my palms are sweating. We swim together to the bathroom hand in hand.
The restroom is more like a palace than a toilet room. The walls are of rose colored brocade and there are all sorts of the same color cushions and pillows giving the room a luxurious feel.
“Here, come sit down.” She takes me over to a big intricately designed mirror and has me sit upon a plush stool. “I want to do your makeup.”
I laugh. I am not the type to wear makeup, so the thought seems absurd. “Oh, that’s okay,” I say. “I don’t really wear it.”
Now she laughs in her sort of cool way. “That is the craziest thing I’ve ever heard.” Her voice sounds breathy.
“What do you mean?”
She touches her shoulder ever so lightly with her fingers. “All mermaids wear makeup,” she says. “It’s their trademark, like wearing shells in their hair.”
“Oh, I never really thought about that.” I shift my eyes, glancing all around the bathroom.
“You never really thought about it?” She looks at me with her flawless, pillowy lips pursed on her face. “Where are you from?” Her exquisite indigo eyes seem filled with shock.
Now that she is bringing it to my attention, the mermaids I have seen in fairytales are often depicted holding hand mirrors and are very finely decorated with jewels and shells. I decide I should not draw attention to myself, so I agree. “It is fine. You can put makeup on me. I just did not have time to do it before we left.”
She smiles and her soft demeanor seems to return. “This won’t take long. I’m very good.” Her voice seems like a lullaby. I just want to listen to her talk.
Immediately she goes to work on me. The brushes tickle my face, but I try not to laugh. I do not want her to see how utterly inexperienced I am at this sort of thing. After she has apparently finished decorating my face, she begins pulling jewels out of her satin purse.
She places some blue stones around my neck. “These sapphires really look beautiful in contrast to your green tail. You are so lucky to have a green tail. I don’t think I’ve ever seen one.”
Her tail looks a lovely mixture of black, pink, and lavender. In my opinion it seems much more beautiful than mine, but what do I know about fashion?
“Your whole look is so different than other mermaids. You can use that to your advantage.”
I do not know how to respond so I just keep quiet. I enjoy the personal attention though. Thinking upon it, I realize I could get used to having girlfriends to spend time with. I liked this female friendship interaction.
If anything, Amdathan is appealing to watch. Her movements seem so languorous like she is entirely relaxed and at ease with herself and her surroundings.
“Okay, I’m done,” she says in her musical voice. At that, she spins me around to face the mirror.
I can’t help it—I burst out laughing.
“What?” she asks. Her face scrunches as she lifts her eyebrow. She seems more than confused.
“I cannot believe what I look like.” I feel in shock.
“Don’t you like it?” She presses her lips together and looks above like she is maybe annoyed with me. In her seeming irritation, she fluffs my long white hair a little.
“I just can’t believe it’s me.” I look like some sort of dome cinema star. My eyes must be playing tricks on me. There is no way I could look this good. “You must be a supreme artist.” I really do not know what to say and that is all that comes out of my mouth.
She smiles now. “You do look stunning. I’ve never seen anyone quite as beautiful as you.”
I burst out chortling again.
Her eyes shift side to side. “Maybe that is why you weren’t wearing makeup? You don’t want to look better than everyone else?”
This time I start laughing even harder. In my awkwardness, I fall out of my chair. I look up at her from the floor.
She is giggling now too. “You’re so funny, Vanille. I bet that’s why Heartthrob likes you aside from being beautiful.”
We continue laughing, but eventually I get up off the floor and we make our way over to a table near the bar where we join the others.
Heartthrob’s eyes nearly pop out of his head when he sees me. “Hello wild child!” He fidgets and squirms as he rubs the back of his neck.
Amdathan and I laugh again. I actually feel uncomfortable drawing so much attention to myself. I notice mermen in the club looking at me now. It is a really weird feeling, but I decide to just go with it for the night. Why not be like a dome cinema star once in my life, right?!
“What would you like to drink?” Heartthrob asks as he grins at me.
“Oh, I don’t get high,” I say. Losing control of my senses seems like the last thing I want to do.
“Good for you.” A crooked grin forms on his gorgeous face. And then he gulps down a whole bottle of X. He shakes his head side to side. His eyes look wide with a flicker of madness in them. “Mmmn, mmmn. That was good!”
The others chortle as we watch him start on his next bottle. Nobody else in the group is drinking anything very intoxicating. We are all sitting at the bar now.
Renena orders a vile of wine and exotic baby fish appetizers that are served in beautiful abalone shells. They wiggle around. She makes some silly comment, “Do you think my fish appetizers would like to drink some of my wine?”
With colorful sea plants hanging out of her mouth, Amdathan giggles at her friend, her indigo eyes blinking. She swallows the plants down with some bubbly drink and leans back in her chair with one hand fluffing her blonde locks in the water.
Sitting up straight and regal in his chair like he is ready for war, Ailey eats whale blubber with a spicy sauce as he checks the sports statistic with his holographic device. “This whale burns my tongue with scoring sensations.” He salutes as he speaks.
And Hark, shifting his thin model-like body in his chair drinks an individual fountain of water and then eats ravenously buckets of raw shrimp with orange seaweed. “Eat like nobody is going to see you bare chested,” he says, raising an eyebrow over his yellow-green eyes, while patting his naked muscular stomach.
“Oh, yes,” Renena says with wide silver blue eyes, giving the impression of a ditzy woman, while trying to grab unruly strands of her hair in the water. “You should go on a diet, Hark. You are fat.” I see she is full of playful acts and is in reality intelligent enough.
We all laugh.
I feel surprised at what a great time I am having socializing with this new group. Everybody tells stories and even jokes to each other. Sometimes the conversations get metaphysical and even spiritual which elevates my senses further. As I get to know them, I am stunned how well I seem to fit in.
A merman with a striped tie around his neck comes by the table with a digitized ray box. He is taking bets on the shark fights downstairs.
Heartthrob gets excited. “Hey, everybody. Let’s go watch the fights.”
“I do not want to watch a bunch of predators tear up mers,” Renena says adamantly blinking her silver blue eyes with her heart-shaped lips pursed. “I’m not in the mood for that tonight.”
“Come on, come on,” Heartthrob insists. He turns to the bet taker. “Put a thousand down on Heartthrob.”
“What?” Amdathan exclaims. “You can’t fight!” She grabs Heartthrob by the shoulders. “You’re not thinking clearly. You could die!”
“Hey, Heartthrob,” Ailey says looking at him through his dark eyes. “That’s just suicide. Mers only have less than a one percent chance against a cage of hungry great whites.”
“What’s this all about?” I ask Heartthrob. The whole thing sounds so barbaric like the ancient games from the Roman Coliseum times.
He gulps down another bottle of X and laughs. “It’ll be fun! One mer gets put in a cage with three sharks set before a live audience. The mer has to kill all the sharks to win, but he can’t take any weapons with him.”
My eyes widen. A lot of thoughts rush through my mind. I whisper in his ear so the others can’t hear, “Can a warlock die?”
Apparently, he thinks that is exorbitantly funny because he bursts out laughing uncontrollably. He turns to me with an ironic expression on his face and says, “Yes, he can.” And then he whispers in my ear something indiscernible.
I look out on the dance floor at the mers grooving to the hypnotic beat that is pounding fast like my heart. The lights are flashing against their bodies. I just want to swim away and not deal with this or anything else. A part of me thinks Heartthrob should die. He is evil. But another part of me desperately does not want him to die and that part scares the heck out of me.
I turn back to Heartthrob and say in a serious tone, “I don’t want you to fight.”
To my surprise, he smiles softly at me and says, “Okay, I won’t then. I would do anything for you.” He signals the bet taker to come back over to us.
“Yeah, bo, what is it, buddy?” The bet taker asks as he types into the digitized ray box.
“Cancel me out of the fight. My woman loves me.”
I shake my head and roll my eyes.
Renena bounces up and down in her seat with her auburn hair fanning out wildly. “Babies! Heartthrob and Vanille are going to have babies!”
The bet taker interrupts, “Look bo. You can’t withdraw once I place your entry. You ought to know the rules.”
My heart sinks.
The bet taker straightens his tie. “The only way to withdraw is if you get someone else to take your place. The bets have already started.”
Heartthrob turns to me. “I tried, but it looks like there’s no turning back now. Sorry, wild child. Don’t worry—it’ll be fun fighting those sharks.”
“Go wait with your friends in the audience,” the bet taker says. “We’ll call you when your turn is up. It should be quick. There’s a fight up now. The guy’s a goner for sure. He already lost his arms. Then we’re throwing in one of the criminals who’s taking an exchange for freedom if he wins. And you’ll fight next. If you’re the victor, you’ll get the usual—royal status with a chateau beside the king’s palace.”
“What about my bet, chief?” Heartthrob asks.
The guy smiles as he shakes his head. “If you’re victorious, you’ll get ten to one on your bet—quite a lot of gold because—sorry buddy—the odds just aren’t in your favor. Good luck!”
17
Heartthrob seems pumped up for the fight with the great whites. He says he loves challenges. And the fact that he is not allowed to use any weapons makes it even more exciting to him.
“A round of drinks for the whole club,” he says to the waiter as we all get up ready to swim to the other room where the fights are held. “Tonight’s my night!” he chuckles as he pays the waiter in gold coins.
“I can’t believe how stupid you are,” Amdathan says in her seemingly unintentional sultry voice with tears in her indigo blue eyes. “This isn’t funny at all, Heartthrob. We love you—what are we going to do now?”
“Join me at my chateau,” he grins. “We’ll have a wild bash after.” He looks really blitzed from all the drinking.
“This is just wrong,” Hark says to Heartthrob as he runs his fingers through his short amber brown hair. “You’re dead for sure.” He stares at Heartthrob with his wide, deep set chartreuse green eyes. “Why don’t you hang yourself instead?”
“Hmmn… Tempting plan,” Heartthrob tilts his throat back and snickers.
Hark squeezes his head in his hands and moans. He looks up with watery eyes. “Try to escape through the back door? You can leave Ashkelon and find some other place to live. It’s better than being eaten alive by sharks.”
“I’m going to eat the sharks,” Heartthrob says with a wry smile.
“This isn’t funny,” Ailey interjects. He runs his fingers through his long black curly hair. “I’ll escape with you. We can find another life, man.”
“We’ll all go,” Renena says, wiping the tears welling in her rain clouded eyes. She starts whimpering and blowing her nose on a napkin. Some of her hair falls in her face.
“Yeah, we’ll all go,” Amdathan says leaning in as she flicks her tail to the side.
Hark keeps shaking his head with frozen wide chartreus eyes. “We can’t escape. They have security at the doors, and they’ll be hot on our tails in no time. I’ll take your place, Heartthrob.”
Renena throws herself on Hark. “No, you can’t leave me.” Her hair gets all tangled up against his thin muscular chest.
“Come on guys,” Heartthrob hiccups and sort of sways drunkenly. “I want to do this. Had I known it would have gotten you all so upset I wouldn’t have volunteered. Or maybe I would have.” He laughs and those attractive dimples form on his cheeks. “I’m just selfish through and through. I want that chateau and the royal position on the king’s court. And I want Vanille there with me.” He looks at me through his thick lashes and then falls over.
Right then, a group of mermen in official jackets swim over. “Is this Heartthrob?” one of them asks.
We all don’t say anything. But the bid taker calls over from near the bar. “That’s the one.”
They scoop up Heartthrob into their arms and carry him through some doors. We all swim after him. Heartthrob is fast asleep.
“What are you going to do?” Renena calls out to the mermen who are carrying Heartthrob. “Are you just going to throw him into the shark cage while he’s asleep?”
“If we have to, then yes,” the tallest of the men says. He has a baseball cap on his head facing backwards.
It is all Heartthrob’s fault. I know that. But this land of paradise is turning out to be hell.
We enter the arena at the end of a fight. There is a huge cage in the center of the room where the matches take place. It is set up in a way where it is easy to see the action from the stadium seating around it. But, for those who want a closer look, there are huge cinema screens elevated by posts that play the footage as it occurs.
The room looks full and with a lively audience. “All right! Eat him up,” one merman with a silly smile yells. “Go, go, go,” another merman clad in a lot of gold jewelry calls out. Others are flapping their tails in excitement.
I feel horrified by what I see on the screens. The directors are showing a close up of an arm floating in the water within the cage. Then they cut to another close up of two sharks tearing a merman’s torso in two. The crowd screams at that. There is a loud roar of excitement in the room now. It is just disgusting and terrible. I have to turn away.
As we follow the officials to our seats, I observe the setting more carefully and see that there are three other smaller cages connected to the main cage where they keep other sharks in waiting. It is my guess that they rotate the sharks to make sure they are hungry for each fight.
The officials set Heartthrob down on one of the stadium seats. He slouches over upon the chair and snores lightly. “You can all take a seat. We will call Heartthrob when it is his turn to fight,” says the merman with the backward baseball cap.
With that, the officials swim back to their positions at the doors. I see one of them speak into a miniature talker. He is probably relaying to whoever is in charge that Heartthrob is in the audience now.
“Has anyone ever won one of these fights?” I ask the group.
“About one in every five hundred kill all three great whites and assume the victory,” Ailey says as he glances around the room. He looks like he is trying to figure out an escape plan for Heartthrob.
“But those winners were awake, and they had well thought out strategies,” Hark says.
“Like what?” I ask.
Renena looks really frightened, but she answers, “One mer grew unusually long, thick fingernails and used them like knives to kill the sharks.”
“Aren’t fingernails weapons?”
“You just can’t bring weapons with you, but if they are a part of your body, they can’t stop you from using them.”
“Oh, wasn’t there that guy who killed the sharks with his protruding arm bone after the flesh got torn away?” Amdathan asks. “He used it like a knife and went ballistic. The mers who win get really famous and receive a lot of public honor.”
“We have got to figure out how to get Heartthrob out of this,” Hark whispers. “We can’t just let them throw him into the shark cage while he’s sleeping.”
“You’re not taking his place, so don’t even think about it,” Renena says.
Ailey starts to get up out of his seat with his massively muscular frame, but Amdathan pushes him down, a flow of water hitting me from the force. “You either. I am not letting you kill yourself in that shark cage for Heartthrob. I love Heartthrob, but he was the one with the death wish,” she says in a choked-up voice.
It does not seem like anyone knows what to do. There are guards at every exit. And Heartthrob can’t even help one bit because he is asleep. At least if he would wake up maybe he might have a chance even if it is a slim one. Maybe he could do some sort of magic trick to get himself out of this one.
For a moment, Ailey stares at Heartthrob with his intense dark eyes. Then he gets out of his seat and swims over to him. He shakes him on the shoulder. “Hey, come on buddy. You’ve gotta wake up.”
But Heartthrob does not move. No matter how much Ailey shakes him, Heartthrob just keeps snoring.
Now that the great whites have eaten the last of the body in the show cage, the shark keepers open the gate and throw a bloody calf into the holding cage that they wanted the savages to swim into.  With the scent of blood in the water, the great whites swim out of the show cage and into the attached cage. The three predators attack the carcass hungrily.
“Next up is Rodego Zay,” the speaker sounds. “If Rodego Zay kills all three sharks, he will be released from prison as charged for murder in the first degree.”
The crowd cheers and stomps their feet. Officials unlock the fighter with dark eyes and dark hair from his seat and take off his handcuffs. A middle-aged mermaid who I assume is Rodego Zay’s mother stands up from the seat beside him. She is crying and kissing him on the face.
“Don’t leave me Rodego. Don’t leave me my son,” she pleads as she wipes tears from her rosy plump cheeks.
“I love you, Mama,” the young merman calls out as the officials bring him to the show cage.
At once, the officials throw him into the show cage and release the new hungry sharks from the holding cage. The great whites are huge and mean looking.
Heartthrob’s friends and I sit in our seats fidgeting and brainstorming escape plans. My stomach ties in knots. I feel uncontrollably nauseous from fear.
The sharks are circling Rodego Zay now. He holds very still and watches them. The mer on the speaker is analyzing Rodego Zay’s physical strengths and weaknesses. His chest, shoulders, and forearms are well developed, and he is thin enough that he could move rapidly through the water when he needs to. But he is staring the sharks in the eyes which is a mistake.
The monstrous screens show close ups of Rodego Zay’s long fingernails which the speaker says could be used to his advantage as fighting tools. But he also says they look weaker and shorter than other victors of the past.
The sharks begin circling fast around Rodego Zay. When they show a close up of his face, he looks scared. But, at once, he charges at the largest shark and starts tearing it open with his long fingernails. He makes some big incisions and long tears in its flesh. But the creature is moving fast and twisting around as it tries to throw him off. He stabs his finger nails hard and deep into the shark’s body and pulls out a huge chunk of flesh into the water.
The other sharks get excited and start fighting over the flesh in the water. The second largest shark finally gets the majority of it away from the other and eats it up.
Rodego Zay holds fast to the largest shark and continues to tear more and more chunks of flesh from its body. By now, with all the flesh in the water, the other two creatures are eating in a violent frenzy. They are ravenously devouring the shark flesh.
But then Rodego Zay makes a mistake. He swims away from the dying shark before it dies and attaches himself to the second biggest shark during its feeding frenzy. Immediately Rodego Zay starts violently tearing off its flesh. But the largest dying shark grabs Rodego Zay by his arm with its teeth. The arm tears off from his body.
At once, blood gushes into the water. Now the smallest shark goes wild from the smell of blood and bites into Rodego Zay’s torso.
Rodego Zay’s mother screams hysterically. I cannot handle it. It is all too sick. I want to run away from this horrible place, but I cannot leave Heartthrob. He is up next.
The smallest shark takes another bite out of Rodego Zay’s torso. His eyes are wide with horror as he writhes and turns before what is left of him floats lifelessly in the water.
The largest shark with the most flesh pulled away from its body is almost still as it just moves its half torn away body slowly in the water. The other two attack the remains of Rodego Zay’s body until it is gone. His mother is still wailing and screaming.
By then, the largest great white is dead, and its body turns over as it floats in the water. The other two, still in a frenzy eat it up.
The crowed is cheering wildly. Some are crying and gasping. Rodego Zay’s mother has passed out and the officials carry her out of the arena.
At this point, the shark keepers lure the two remaining creatures into another cage. The speaker announces, “Next up is Heartthrob. If he is victorious, he will win the title of duke on the royal court and a fabulous chateau beside the king’s palace.” The crowd cheers and stomps wildly.
18
The officials head toward Heartthrob who is still in his seat passed out from drinking too much. My heart is racing so fast. I try to figure out what to do. It occurs to me to start crying with my tumultuous voice. I might be able to wreck the building with a huge earthquake.
But the idea is dangerous. If the building collapses, it could crush the crowds of mers inside and even release all of the great whites from their cages to attack everyone. No, that is a terrible idea.
Ailey and Hark are trying to wake up Heartthrob, but nothing seems to rouse him. They are shaking his shoulders and yelling at him. Hark slaps him in the face, but he just smiles in his sleep as his head falls back. Then he rolls to the side of his seat toward Renena who is seated beside him, and he vomits in her lap.
She jumps out of her chair and screams, “Ugh, how gross.” But, after wiping the vomit off her lap, she repositions Heartthrob upright in his seat. “Oh, come on, Heartthrob. Please wake up. Please.” She leans over and kisses his cheek. But, even with all that, he remains unconscious.
Amdathan is not saying anything at all. She is just sitting in her seat biting her nails. Her beautiful face looks riddled with fear. It seems pale and blood drawn, but her long blonde tresses flow easy like a dance with the fluctuations in the water.
The audience’s focus is on us now. The officials walk down our row of seats from either side. Heartthrob’s friends and I stand up to let them pass. But right as the official with the backwards baseball cap and his tall, bald headed partner reach down to lift Heartthrob, Hark and Ailey grab their mercury pistols from their holsters.
Ailey fumbles with the gun for a moment as the bald official swings around and elbows him against the flow of the water in the face. Even with all his muscles, he falls to the floor bed.
But Hark has a firm grip on his gun. In an instant, he points the weapon at the mer with the baseball cap and grabs him up by the neck, water rushing away from the sides of his face. “Let Heartthrob go or I’ll kill you,” he commands.
The audience makes an “ah,” sound, bubbles lifting in the water. Some of the mers begin pushing their way out of the building. There is a lot of chaos at once.
Resolution comes quickly when the official with the baseball cap pulls a slick move, side swiping Hark with his mer tail, and throwing him through the water over his head at once. Apparently, these officials are highly trained combat fighters and though both Ailey and Hark are strong and muscular, they are not matched against these opponents.
In no time, the officials have Hark and Ailey in handcuffs. Some of the other officials take them away. Renena and Amdathan are crying, but they stay with me as the passed out Heartthrob is carried toward the show cage. The audience calms and the crowd that exited the building during the assaults comes back in and rejoins.
Renena, Amdathan, and I are huddled together holding hands. They are still crying, and I am too shocked to release any emotions. I cannot believe what is happening and I do not know how I feel about it. The room starts spinning in my mind. The music within me is overwhelming me. It feels so chaotic.
A thought comes to me. I start to sing. I call upon Heartthrob, hoping to rouse him out of his sleep. My voice lifts to a high pitch. The rhythms are strong. It feels like he is listening. He can hear my song in his mind. The vibrations become erotic. We are connected. The room starts to shake lightly. At once, I lower my pitch to keep the power at bay.
Even though I feel him in my mind, I see with my eyes that he is still asleep. What is happening to me? I can feel him. It is strong. “Don’t worry, Vanille. I am here. Nobody is going to die.”
But the shark keepers lift Heartthrob up and throw him into the tank. His body floats in a deep sleep. The great whites are released into the show cage.
I continue to sing. Anything to wake him. But he does not move. The sharks are circling him.
“I’m here, Vanille. I’m here!” I hear the voice, but why isn’t he moving? But then I see him. The voice is not Heartthrob’s. It is Bunky’s!
He looks grand as he swims into the room with his massive muscular body and shimmering silver tale. His black hair is in shaggy disarray, but he looks breathtaking and regal. His gold eyes glow as he looks at me.
“I’ll take his place,” Bunky yells out to the officials. “I volunteer. I ain’t no punk.”
“Go ahead,” one of the officials says.
They let him by.
“No!” I scream. Without thought, I swim through the crowd to stop Bunky. Why would he take his place? My mind races as I rush to Bunky. The Unith Witch Coven must hold loyalty between members or maybe there is more to it. I can’t think about this now.
But before I make my way over to Bunky, he dives into the show cage between the sharks who are circling Heartthrob’s unconscious body.
“I volunteer. I volunteer,” I scream to the officials. “I’ll take his place.”
They let me pass. Before I can even think about what I am doing, I dive into the show cage. The sharks are circling Bunky who is holding Heartthrob over his shoulder now. I swim behind the circling great whites alongside the bars of the cage and to the bottom floor. Now I am underneath the predators and underneath the man I love.
I cannot let Bunky die. I am him. He is me. We are one. “Bunky, I volunteered,” I yell out to him. “You are free now. Get out of the cage.”
As one of the sharks brushes past him, he looks down at me. “Vanille,” he screams. His gold eyes are wide. “Get out!”
I start splashing and yelling to get the sharks’ attention. After everything, I do not care if I live. I just want Bunky to survive. At once, I bite as hard as I can into my arm. Blood begins to gush forth into the water.
It works. The great whites smell the scent of my blood. They turn away from Bunky and Heartthrob and come after me.
I charge at one of the sharks and grabbed onto its enormous back. It throws me around and bites into the side of my tail, but the injury is not deadly. I start clawing the shark ferociously. Though, no matter what I do, it is not enough.
I hear a spell. At once, the sharks turn into huge blossoming water lilies. Bunky remembered my favorite flower. Their bright petals fall in beauty to the floor. I hear the crowd shriek in fear.
“A warlock!” someone in the crowd screams. Then much of the audience starts yelling, “Warlock, warlock, warlock…” They push and shove their way out of the building.
Bunky and I swim to each other. Heartthrob is groggy, but he awakes. Bunky releases him. I look at Bunky deep into his beautiful gold eyes.
“I love you.” I cannot help but say it. My feelings pour out of me.
“Huh?” His gold eyes narrow as he seems to search into my eyes. “Ah, Vanille… I love you too.” He takes me into his strong arms.
The music in our minds is true. It is a symphony of love. We hold each other tightly. My heart beats against his and we are one.
***
Thank you for reading Light of Worlds (Witch Apocalypse, Book 3) by Rivka Zohar. If you liked Light of Worlds, please leave a five-star review.
Keep a look out for Light of Splendor (Witch Apocalypse, Book 4). Here is a sample of Light of Splendor (Witch Apocalypse, Book 4):
Light of Splendor
(Witch Apocalypse, Book 4)
Rivka Zohar
*
Chapter 1
Whoa! Ashkelon looks incredible from up high. As Bunky Ohare and I swim through the musical orchestra of song downwards, Ashkelon appears golden, sparkling and majestic. My breath through the gills of my shimmery green mermaid tail agitates me as I think about meeting my father. What will it be like to see him for the first time since Mum abducted me from my real parents?
Though I do not fully trust Heartthrob because he is part of the world power, he used to be a renowned Hollywood player and he was a famous dome cinema star, he hinted to Bunky and me that my merman father lives in the royal palace beyond the volcanos. I wonder if Heartthrob is setting us up. Apparently Bunky believes Heartthrob because he was quick to accompany me to the royal city.
Swimming onward, brilliant castles line the purple mountains below. Treasure chests of gold and jewels lie open on the underwater throughfares. My mind lights at the beauty. I look to my left. Stunning hanging gardens with Roman pillars and stone arches accentuate the lush park. Who built all this? I am in awe. Intricately carved terraces overlook views of spellbinding canyons to our right. Even though I have been in Ashkelon for days now, I am still in wonder of the beauty that surrounds us in the Ocean of Tropics. I want to live here forever. We swim past the hanging gardens and down toward the purple mountains. Bubbles trail behind us twinkling in light.
“Come on,” Bunky says in his deep, yet gravelly voice that sounds so enchanting to me. He waves me on. The underwater volcanos in the distance frighten me as we swim toward them. Looking to my side, tingling sensations prickle through my body as I examine Bunky. I see that Bunky’s silver merman tail shines in the light and bubbles while we swim.
He sees me examining him and grins crookedly at me while raising one dark eyebrow. What is he thinking? He takes my hand in his. Ahhh, to feel his skin touching mine. My heart pounds. I am embarrassed that I blurted out that I love him after he rescued Heartthrob and me from the shark tanks and turned the sharks into my favorite flowers, lilies. He said he loves me too, which is a relief, but I cannot really believe that. I have always been an ugly duckling, awkward and goofy. My skin is much too brown in contrast to my white hair. As my cheeks heat at his gaze, I turn away and think, How can he look so good?
Hesitantly, I look back at him, wishing I had my horn-rimmed glasses to hide behind. I lost them somewhere in Presco Mountains. Aside from that, I cannot deny: Bunky is a dashing sight. His shaggy black hair rushes away from his handsome face, flowing behind him. Wow! I giggle a little as I look down and then peek through my long, messy blonde hair at his thick, muscular body. I know I am childish. Though he is fatless, his physique exudes a heavy and somewhat cloddish endearment as he moves. Other beings, whether mers, faeries, or humans would be surprised how agile Bunky actually is with such a massive body. They would be even more shocked to see his proficient fighting skills. And his mastery of black magic would make their forms tremble in horror. I cannot fully believe that he likes me.
I should get a hold of my yearnings for him. Maybe if I focus on his flaws, I might subdue my overwhelming desire. It is disturbing to me that Bunky is a warlock and an expert in witchcraft. From what I’ve been told, his magic comes from the other side and is polluted with all that is impure. Most humans, mers, and faeries hate anyone who is a member of the Unith Witch Coven. They rule the world with no mercy. All other beings if captured become enslaved to them or are used as sacrifices in their paganistic ceremonies.
I wish Bunky was not a member of the coven, but at a young age, he sold his soul and now is bound to the ruling organization for life. He says that there is no way out and that his brothers and sisters, as they call themselves, will kill him if he leaves. It would be difficult to imagine Bunky without magic at his hands if he were to find a way out of the coven.
I say to Bunky, “I hear the music both inside my mind and outside it now.” “Do you as well?”
“Heck yeah. It’s calling us to the king.” Bunky squeezes my hand as we swim. “I ain’t no punk. Those mountains are hot to shoot,” he suddenly says changing the subject even though I am still stuck on his statement that the music is calling us to the king. How does he know that?
I feel the rush of water through my long white locks and the brush of sea plants on my shimmery green mermaid tail. “Yeah, look at that fire,” I respond, biting my lower lip as I stare at the peeks of the approaching volcanos. As we near the colorful seaweed, glowing bulbs roll past us. “I wonder if those bulbs have anything to do with the volcanos.” I remember seeing similar bulbs with Heartthrob.
“Water creatures is all.” His gold eyes narrow as he looks at them roll by. “Nothin’ but chickens.”
Always self-aware, I notice my lips purse as my shoulders shrug involuntarily. “Huh?” I shake my head. Sometimes he says strange things.
“Trying to get away from the hot lava. You know?” He nods lightly, but his eyes look fierce.
I suck in a breath through my mouth which filters through my internal gills. As a mer, I have multiple avenues for breathing which seems to integrate simultaneously through my form. “Maybe we shouldn’t be swimming toward them then. I mean if the bulbs are frightened, perhaps we should be too.”
“We ain’t got no choice.” His nostrils flare.
He is correct it seems. The song feels so powerful like it pulls us in the direction of the volcanos beyond our control. It’s entrancing.
I think back to just a short while ago. Hearthrob’s red headed mermaid friend, Renena, pulled me to the side just before Bunky and I left the shark arena where Bunky saved Heartthrob and me from the game sharks. Even though Renena seems to be usually lighthearted and playful, she warned me not to trust Bunky. I suppose because he is a warlock. That surprised me. I mean, he did just save her friend from being torn to pieces by a shark. She told me to not speak to the king in front of Bunky. “Warlocks are always traitors,” she cautioned. Apparently, she does not know that Heartthrob is a vowed member of the Unith Witch Coven as well.
I worry that Bunky will find out that I kissed Heartthrob when he rescued me from the Presco Mountain Colony members who were trying to catch me in the woods to put me back in a dungeon or maybe even worse, torture and kill me. I did not want to kiss Heartthrob. To my shame, I lost control of my passions. He is wildly good looking with his childish face and blonde hair. I imagine if Bunky discovers that I kissed Heartthrob, he will abandon me. He thinks I am pure and good, but really, I am weak and a slave to my desires. At all costs I must hide this secret from Bunky. He will lose respect for me, and I will fall from the seeming pedestal he has built for me in his imagination. Not to mention my utter disloyalty… How can he trust a creature like me?
“I’m starting to get hot,” Bunky says. “How ‘bout you?” I notice the skin around his gold eyes is pink and draws in slightly like he is maybe concerned about my well-being.
I feel a terrible sensation suddenly. Something bad is happening to me. “The music is too repetitive,” I mumble as I stare at the flames protruding from the mountain peaks. In irritation, I pull a string of bulbus seaweed off my back. And then I hear something else in my mind.
I hear a cackle of maybe sinister laughter through the grating music that seems to be caught on the same repetitive notes. My throat tightens. “Under my thumb,” the female voice says in my mind.
“What?” I gasp, wondering why the female voice in my head said, ‘under my thumb’ to me. It would be embarrassing to tell Bunky about the voice in my mind. He might think I am crazy. I know I am not mentally unstable, but I do not want to take a chance in losing him or my credibility.
As I swim, I look around for the long black-haired woman with the pale face who appears to me occasionally like an apparition. No, I do not see her. Maybe I should be relieved, but I am not because what is with the voice and the repetition of music? There are lyrics in the song. I never hear lyrics in my head except in in the past while in my chamber in the dungeon when a feminine voice joined in, but this is different than that. This is a song I have heard before on the pop waves 1000 Rock Up Bang—some popular oldette. “I want you to understand who I am. I need you to understand who I am.” the vocalist sings. And this one line keeps playing over and over in my head, not the whole song.
A school of grey colored fish pass us. I look at Bunky. Possibly I can ask him about the song without him thinking I am insane because he also hears music in his mind, even if the songs he hears are the orchestras from the mer existence and not the song I am hearing right now. His gold eyes still look intense. “Do you hear that oldette song in your mind? You know that song from the remake of the Hamlet dome cinema show.”
He glances at me impassively. “I ain’t hear nothin’ but the symphony calling us to the royal palace.”
My body trembles as the grating lyrics play in repetition in my mind. The song is much too loud. I wish I could turn down the volume. I suddenly feel a needle prick my arm. “Ouch,” I wince.
“What’s wrong?” Bunky asks, the skin around his eyes draw in closer again.
I shake my head. “It’s nothing.” Looking at my arm I see there is not a needle poking me. Then it happens again. I feel a prick on my chest, but there is nothing there. Gritting my teeth, I do not say anything.
“I want you to understand who I am…” the song plays on in my head. Then I get another needle prick on the back of my neck and then one on my fishtail. The sharp pokes keep happening in various spots on my body. “I neeeeeeed you to understand who I am…” Is the black-haired woman apparition I saw in the past trying to talk to me again? Maybe she is trying to hurt me.
“We gotta swim through those two mountains,” Bunky says as he points ahead with his free hand that is not holding my hand.
“Isn’t there another way around into the royal city?” I can hear Bunky through the loud repetition of lyrics in my mind, but it is very difficult to concentrate on anything else but the song. I feel like I am being taken over by something. “I want you to understand who I am…”
Looking over at the mountain range that Bunky pointed at, my body trembles. “It looks like there is some molten lava cooking on the peaks of those two,” I complain.
His free hand picks at his lips as his eyes narrow. “There is less lava on those tops than the other ones. You know? I ain’t see no other way in.”
The heat of the fire is intense. “I have to find my birth father,” I mumble as I contemplate the danger of the volcanos. “I hope the mountains do not erupt as we pass through.”
He nods infinitesimally. “Looks like they are gonna blow soon, but them others are not just on fire. They are boiling. Huh?”
Hardly able to concentrate on anything other than the blast of the oldette song in my head, I agree with him. “Yes, you’re right.”
At that, he says in his gravelly voice, “Now or never. My dad would knock me out. Call me a punk.”
And we rush toward the space between the peaks. The water is more than warm on my face.
“Darn, it is hot,” I say as we swim through the cooking peaks. It feels like my skin could boil if I slowed my pace.
“Hurry,” Bunky says, pulling me forward, as he is a little faster than me. When he looks back at me, his face looks pale as a dead corpse.
I feel a hard needle prick in the side of my head. “Yikes!” I gasp within the heat. The sharp poke in my head was fast and painful, but it took my mind off my baking body for the moment. “I want you to understand who I am,” the song hammers in pandemonium. “I neeeeeed you to understand who I am…”
“Watch out!” Bunky shouts and pulls my body against his as he rolls to the side. “Burning lava is sliding down that one.”
I look up at the mountain to my right as Bunky swims with me in his arms and see the fiery black goo sliding down fast in our direction. The molten lava could burn us alive. Even in this threatening moment, I feel prickly sensations in my body being skin to skin with Bunky. How crazy is that? My heart jackhammers against my chest. Are we going to die?
I hear a loud noise through the music and look up at a stream of burning lava that shot out to the side and is about to hit me. Bunky pushes me hard and fast, and the lava just hits the hind end of the fin on my mermaid tail. “Owwww!” I scream. It hurts so bad.
As I crinkle my face, we pass the volcanos and come to the other side. The ocean water cools my tail some, but it still burns.
Bunky pulls me close to him. He says, “Stay perfectly still. No mermaid of mine lose her fin. You okay, Vanille?”
My blue eyes widen. I am glad he cannot see my tears in the water. “Did my tail fin burn off?” A wave of nausea rushes through me. The burning sensation is growing more intense now that I am not swimming. I feel like I may faint from all the loud, repetitive music, the needle pokes, and now my fin burning off. I look down at my tail and see one side of the fin is gone. Grotesque.
My head whirls as I see Bunky holding out his hands over my fin while saying some chant in another language. I am not sure, but I think I see a flash of light. I wonder if he has the power to save it.
To my relief, only moments later, my fin feels better. The burning sensations have ceased. I look down and see that my fin looks whole and perfect now. My chin juts back. It is prettier than before! Silky and sheer like a regal scarf of a princess. Wow! Bunky is constantly amazing me.
I fan my face with my hand and the cooler saltwater, refreshes my heated cheeks. Embarrassed? Me? No…
I mumble a thank you to Bunky and see that his perfect face looks flushed too. Maybe he was worried about me. I am not sure. His broad shoulders are slumped as he breathes heavy.
Reeling in my thoughts, I look away from Bunky. The royal city looks different than the other parts of Ashkelon. I feel uneasy looking at it as it seems oddly familiar somehow. I see fields of giant mushrooms with little lavish granges beneath. Dispersed between the mushrooms appear to be silver and gold trees with pastel giant leaves that look like bird wings, all soft and feathery. And as I look around, I see mermen with spears and what looks like bombs strapped across their bare chests. These mermen swim around the royal city, weaving in between the granges and around the circumference of the township, giving the impression that they are guarding this ocean community from something. I wonder what that is? All the mermen look physically fit with muscular bodies. They all have long hair and merman tails of varying colors.
“I ain’t want to go in that military zone. Huh?” Bunky brushes his long black bangs out of his face. “Punks checking out my woman. I oughtta cut their heads off.”
“No!” My chin juts back and I look at the field of giant mushrooms wondering what he is talking about. “No fighting. I want my father to like us.” Does he think those knights are interested in me? I didn’t see them showing me much attention. If the invasive song was not so loud and mind entrancing, maybe I might have picked up on it. “I want you to know who I am…” I am not used to the male race noticing me at all. I will probably always feel like a wallflower. And right now, I am wondering if that pale skinned, dark-haired apparition is going to show up at any moment. Is she using a voodoo doll to harm me?
“Yo, Vanille.” Bunky tilts his chin down and his gold eyes bore into me.
I feel a surge of unexpected electricity flow through my body. “Yes?” I ask, trying to suppress the unexpected giggles I feel in my chest.
“Cut through the forest. Yeah?” His eyes are still locked to mine. I notice that his pupils seem dilated. They look so big.
Somehow, I pull my gaze from his and look to the other side of the mushroom field and see a forest of golden trees. From this distance and through the ripples in the water, the woods look almost like an oil painting with a dreamlike quality. “Okay—I’m in…” I mumble as I wave my arms at my sides, trying to hold my balance in the ocean.
We swim above a silver path that leads to the forest. Once at the edge, I smell the scent of vanilla. It has a sort of smokey fragrance. Even up close, the trees shimmer. I glance at Bunky and see that they are the same color as his eyes.
As we swim into the golden woods, we pass through a coral reef that has been carved into the shape of a lagoon where we see teenage mermaids bathing and primping themselves. They are all lovely to the eyes as they adorn each other with jewels and decorative ornaments. Some swim around and tease each other with silly tricks. When the mermaids see us, I notice that they stare at Bunky. Some of their beautiful faces flush and I feel a surge of unexpected jealousy surge through me.
Who is that brown haired mermaid? My eyes widen as I look at a particular female with grey eyes the color of rain clouds. She is overt in her flirtations. With the repetitive lyrics maddening me, I flip and grab the brunette with long curly locks by the hair who winks at Bunky and curls her finger at him encouraging him to join her in the pool. I yank her face up close to mine. In my mind I see Belzera Lampeer, the young woman who carved the word, ‘whore’ into my chest. At once, I slam the mermaid in the head with my own head and fling her away from me.
I see blood whirl in the water. In my fury, I cannot even feel the pain from my attack. “I want you to understand who I am. I neeeeeeeed you to understand who I am…”
“Shut up!” I scream. “Shut up!” The music is too loud. It grates on me. I dig my fingers into the sides of my head. I do not pay attention to anyone else. I cannot.
I hear Bunky’s voice… the teenage mermaids’ voices… It’s all too much. The sounds jumble together. Bunky swims with me in his arms. I see black obsidian boulders with mermen, maybe teenagers also, lounging on them while others play sports in a clearing of the golden trees. I smell vanilla. Perhaps they are playing music. I hear something like a zedder song outside of my head, but it is difficult to think straight. Everything seems so familiar which confuses me.
Bunky swims much too fast. I feel dizzy as I watch the teen mers whiz by. “I want you to understand who I am. I neeeeeeed you to understand who I am…” It’s too loud in my mind. “Turn down the volume,” I think I yell this out loud. I am not sure. My body weakens.
Chapter 2
I wake up inside a strange looking crystal castle. Regal indeed! My blue eyes are wide as I stare up at the high arched ceiling and the majestic Greek columns. I see some shells placed on a table with pearls in them. I am still in Bunky’s muscular arms, but he is sitting inside a giant open oyster shell on top of a phosphorescent pillow that seems to have the texture and clear, pinkish, purplish transparency of a jelly fish. How strange—a pillow made from jelly fish skin. Oddly, the pillow is quite pretty.
Feeling groggy, my eyelids sort of fall and I rub them with the palms of my hands. It is my guess that I fainted while Bunky swam with me in his grasp past the lagoon and past the obsidian rocks where the teenage mers congregated. They reminded me of the fairies in Eucalyptus Falls where my birth mother lives. How peculiar.
I suck in a sharp breath through my side gills as I remember the pandemonium in my head. The repetitive oldette song has stopped playing in my mind. That is a relief! Bubbles flow out of the layers of scales at my hips.
The saltwater in this crystal kingdom seems tranquil compared to the usual ripples and waves in the outdoors. I hope Bunky doesn’t sense my tension. As I look up at his handsome face, I see his overgrown black bangs in the motionless water have fallen over one of his golden eyes, rendering him a mysterious air. He seems to be looking off toward a corridor. Are we in the royal palace? My body trembles at the thought.
Am I about to meet my birth father for the first time since I was a baby? A lump grows in my throat. I feel like such a weirdo meeting him in the mer form. Because of the witch’s curse, he is a mer also, but still, I would feel more relaxed conversing with him for the first time on land with legs. I still have not adjusted to being a mermaid.
I wonder what his job position is at the royal palace. Maybe he is a chef or maybe he is the butler. “Are we in the royal palace?” I whisper to Bunky who is still looking over at the corridor.
He looks at me and smiles softly. “My girl’s awake.” At that he leans down and kisses my forehead.
My chin juts back. The sensation of his kiss is unexpected, but I still feel tingling vibrations in my body. I touch my forehead and realize it is bandaged. He must have kissed the wrappings and that is why the sensation felt strange.
I think back and remember how insane I acted hitting that female mermaid with my forehead. My cheeks heat at the recollection. My hatred for Belzera Lampeer is stronger than I can control. I think in psychology the meditritions call that transference. Or lunacy! The meditritions would surely force pills on me if they could get ahold of me. And then, on top of my violence, I blurted out all sorts of comments about the oldette song blaring in my head. The meditritions would lock me up for that. I bet. I wonder what Bunky thinks of me now.
I look toward the corridor and am shocked at what I see! 
***
Light of Splendor (Witch Apocalypse, Book 4) by Rivka Zohar
