
Lilith Loves Sugar-Coated Doughnuts

by David J. Wighton

Book #35 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements


Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.

Cover image by Shutterbug75 via Pixabay.

New Characters

Hell 
• New Satan, Mammon, Ponzi, and Lilith. 

Cuban Recruits 
• Alicia Fuentes, her mother Mercedes, and Inez.

Planet Boogie-Woogie (Blue Skies)
• Zale Zilio, Marleigh, Micah, Mirage, and father Horatio. 

Planet Piggity-Wiggity and its two moons, Jingle-Jangle
• Earwax.

The Cosmos
• Justice Claude.
Tale of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Chapter 1

"Your job is to search the entire island and collect all of the eggs that the chickens have laid since the previous day."
The friendly personnel officer was telling the new employee what she would be doing. The she in question was standing perfectly still. There was a reason for that. Another friendly personnel officer had a knife to her throat. The third personnel officer, who had won awards for being friendly, was standing behind her, one hand on the chains that connected the two handcuffs. A quick yank upwards would probably dislocate both shoulders. At least, that's what he predicted would happen. "That'll be the end of your pitching career," he added unnecessarily. 
Actually, that pitching career had ended in Atlanta when she had handed the game ball to the big blonde power hitter and ace pitcher. That had been on Sunday, June 10. The next day, the secret service had charged her with treason and deposited her in the bottom of a well-hidden prison for malcontents. Malcontents meant anybody that threatened to damage the image of a peaceful, law-abiding, and patriotic Cuba. Everybody knew that Cubans loved baseball. Their players didn't quit. They certainly didn't confess to cheating. 
It was now Saturday, June 30, although only the prison guards knew that. Everybody in the cells had been left in the dark, literally and figuratively. Although she had been allowed to keep her pinky ring, it didn't work. Something inside the prison was jamming the rings. As to the literal reason, the prisoners were truly in the dark. Prisoners were much easier to control if the lights were always off, with the exception for meals in the large mess hall. Each prisoner was also allowed fifteen minutes to exercise alone in a walkway between the female prison and the male prison. That exercise might be scheduled in the dead of night. Still, it was fresh air. 
She had been let out of the prison when three prison guards took her out of her cell and brought her to an outside door. They had handed her over to three soldiers who frog marched her to a transport copter and fastened her securely inside the freight area. An hour later, she was on a stinky island listening to her job description. [Frog marching meant pinning a captive's arms behind her and propelling her forward. Actual frogs don't march.]
"The chickens have been here for over a month. There is ample natural food for them on the island. We allowed all the eggs to hatch and we now have ample hens for a steady egg production business. We removed the roosters a week ago. You will collect eggs daily and deposit them in the crates next to the copter pad. You'll find most of the eggs in the roosting sheds, but the hens can lay eggs anywhere they want on this island. It will take you most of a day to search it properly. If we find roosters here, we'll know you were lazy. Laziness means punishment. We will return each Sunday and unload enough food and water supplies for you to live for a week." 
She didn't say anything. It seemed clear enough. A different form of prison, but prison none the less. 
"Un-cuff her and then unload the copter," he ordered the two soldiers. "Stand very still," he ordered the new egg collector. To emphasize the need for her to remain still, he lifted the flap on his holster, pulled out a standard issue army pistol and pointed it at her body. I can hardly miss from here. You won't die. You'll just wish you had. His instructions from the Secret Service Commander had been very clear. If she escapes, you will take her place.
The unloading went quickly and the copter was soon gone. She looked around and saw the beach with the plastic covering the waters of the bay. She padded down to the water in her bare feet, waded in, and began pulling the plastic ashore. Looking at the food rations could wait. 
# # # # # # # # 
"Shields is back from Planet Boogie-Woogie," Winnie informed Guinny. 
"Planet what?"
"Planet Boogie-Woogie."
"Isn't that a type of piano music?"
"For us it is. Shields says that it means blue skies to them, which are relatively rare for that planet. Normally, their skies are yellow. A day of blue skies means something momentous is about to happen."
"Yellow skies? Air pollution?"
"Apparently not. Their sun gives off a unique band of solar radiation that affects the trees growing on the planet in a very good way. The planet has high demand for its wood exports. They can afford to be choosey. If they don't like you, they won't trade with you."
"Sounds kind of weird to name your planet Blue Skies."
"My planet is named after a bunch of dirt," Winnie reminded.
"So, did we pass their test? Do they like us?"
"Shields said the test was designed to see if we were misogynists."
"Did she bite off a head or two?"
"She was very diplomatic. We passed. Planet Boogie-Woogie wants to negotiate a trade deal. Chocolate for wood. They showed her what their wood could do. It's basically a malleable form of leather-covered wood. When you shine one of their unique solar lights on it, a trained technician can form the wood into any shape at all. Turn off the light and the wood freezes in place. Don't like what you did? Turn the light back on and change it. Their technician assured Shields that they'd be able to create a chair that would be perfect for angels to sit on and not have their wings in the way. They'd willing to receive some angels and train them in their type of woodworking. There'd be a strong confidentiality clause. Plus, the solar light they'd give us would have to be recharged every year and only they could do that."
"Comfortable chairs have always been high on our wish list." 
"They want us to teach them how to make chocolate goodies. The head of the planet was on the tribunal. She was very kind to us. Having her on our side would be a smart move."
"So, we'll pay through the nose for their wood?"
"Not exactly. Shields did a little advance negotiating with their trade chief. When she left, he was offering ten freighters of wood for one freighter of chocolate. He said that he couldn't go higher. Only his boss could."
"The boss would be Zale Zilio."
"Yes. She wants to meet with me."
"Do you have anything else on the go?"
"Not really."
"You'll have to take somebody with you. Who? Galahad?"
"I'll take Shields. I was thinking I'd also take Granny and Doc. They haven't travelled interstellar yet, and Granny could show them a little bit about making chocolate goodies."
"We can shut down the Doctors without Borders program for a while. Everybody could use a break. Does Doc know anything about wood?"
"He's a world class whittler."
"Sounds like a plan."
"Boogie-Woogie, here I come."
"Not so fast, Little Flower. Let's talk about Operation Return to Sender."
"Nothing is happening right now. Lucifus has to send a new Satan to Hell. We won't find out anything about him until the makes a public announcement of some kind. Until I can get a good reading on him, I can't initiate the operation."
"Let me see if I understand the current situation. Earth's oceans are covered with plastic that is having an enormous impact on Earth's climate recovery."
"True."
"Heaven's top scientists have been unable to find a way to make that plastic disappear without creating a more dangerous situation."
"True."
"The mermaids can re-populate the oceans but are waiting for the plastic to be removed."
"True."
"In the meantime, a Cosmos tribunal has decreed that Hell must remove all of the the plastic within ten years. Failure to do so will mean sanctions, including the destruction of Hell's and Lucifus' spaceships."
"True." 
"Does Hell have scientists that can arrive at a solution?"
"Highly doubtful."
"Hell also has to clean up their sewers as mandated by another tribunal. Will they be able to do that?"
"Highly doubtful."
"So why are you running an operation? Why aren't we just waiting to watch Hell implode? That's inevitable, right?"
"That's one possible scenario."
"Sounds like a good scenario. Why run the operation?"
"If we wait ten year or more, the oceans will still be covered with plastic. Earth's climate will not be improved. And, without Hell's assistance, we'd be unable to dispose of the plastic. We'd be biting off our collective nose to spite our face."
"Are you saying that you can remove the plastic if Hell is stable?"
"Yes, I can. Hell is absolutely essential to my plan."
"I thought you said that we can't remove the plastic safely."
"That's what our top scientists told me, but we can." 
"Explain."
"Scientists study electrons, molecules, acids, bases and solids and all those things that I never learned about in my home schooling." 
 "Meaning you didn't come up with the solution."
"That was never going to happen. Engineers use science to solve impossible problems. They attack the problem from an entirely different direction than scientists do. Heaven has a genius level engineer in the form of Jacob. I gave the problem to Jacob and he figured out half of the solution."
"Explain."
"Using heat and high pressure, Jacob can condense the plastic into small balls."
"So you'll condense the plastic, load the balls into spaceships and send them into space."
"No. They are still potentially toxic. We can't leave them in place on the top of the oceans either. We still have to dispose of them safely."
"Which brings you to the second half of the problem. Did Jacob give you the answer to that?"
"No. The tribunal gave me that answer when they told Hell to clean up their sewers."
"I still don't know where you're going. Connect the dots."
"Using equipment that Heaven will provide, devils will collect plastic and deliver it to a floating factory where Jacob's inventions will convert light wisps of plastic into condensed balls of plastic. He'll add some iron to the balls so that they will have some weight."
"Got it."
"Devil's will take those balls and drop them down abandoned PUS tunnels where their weight will take them down to Hell proper. Devils will take those balls and scatter them throughout their sewer tunnels."
"Devils will slip over them, fall, and break their necks. Is that how we'll defeat Hell. By accidents?"
"The only good thing that plastic can do is melt."
"Molten plastic will form a coating on the tunnels?" Guinny postulated.
"Yes. It will be easy enough to melt the balls so that the tunnels will have runaway channels for their sewage." 
"Devils will stand in a floor of balls and melt the plastic. They in turn could be embedded in the plastic floor."
"They're smart enough to figure that out. Fortunately, you have a solution for them which new Satan will gratefully accept if he's desperate enough."
"This is the only part of your plan that I like so far. Finish it up for me."
"You will eventually agree to send Hell some well trained angels who can hover in place over the tunnel floor and melt the plastic with portable flame throwers. Naturally, Hell will watch them closely. Equally naturally, we'll have members of our military supervising our angels. Galahad has agreed to it because New Satan will have to invite us into Hell."
"Earth will be free from plastic eventually. Hell will have plastic coated sewers eventually, which will help them pass Cosmos inspections. What does Heaven get?"
"Heaven gets a complete map of all of Hell's tunnels. Also, if Jacob can produce some black plastic balls, Satan might want to have the floors of the Black House plasticized. Jacob said that including audio sensors into those floors would be easy to do and they could not be detected. Even if he doesn't want the plastic in his Black House, New Satan will owe you big time for Heaven's help. You might be able to get some benefit from that. Bottom line: Hell will be doing all the labor to send their plastic back to Hell. All we have to do is build some equipment and supervise."
"Your operation Return to Sender makes more sense now."
"It wouldn't have worked with Old Satan. He would have smelled it. He would have stalled for a couple of years and then appealed to a higher court claiming that the tribunal had ordered Hell to do an impossible task. He'd probably win. New Satan will think of Heaven as a place full of angels who will do no harm. He should be gullible enough. Just make sure that he works really hard to get your help."
"I feel so dirty. I'll do it for Earth's sake, but I won't enjoy it."
"Right."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 2 

It's one week later and #14 was watching the skies. She knew the copter would be coming today. You might ask how she knew that. She had a functional pinky ring, right?
Wrong. The sergeant had taken that away from her and thrown it into a cargo bin. So, how'd she know they were coming? Simple. The eggs had told her. 
No, she hadn't gone crazy. The eggs weren't communicating with her by ESP. The seven eggs in a little hidden nest told her that seven days had passed. A second hidden nest was empty. It would count the weeks. There were plenty of calendar eggs available. 
#14's mind was very clear. She needed two plans. One was to escape. Pitchers usually are good at strategizing. This pitcher had realized that nobody knew how many eggs they could expect to come off this island because this week's pickup would be the first. So, why not make the island's weekly egg numbers artificially low? Why search the island's every nook and cranny? The sergeant's threat if he found roosters on the island was empty. None of the eggs on the island were going to hatch. The roosters were long gone. The less time she spent hunting for eggs, the more time she could work on her escape plan. So this week, the soldiers would find three full crates of eggs. They weren't ever going to find any more. 
She spent her un-egg time hauling plastic out of the ocean and spreading it out where it would dry. Her very first hour on the island had been spent hauling thick plastic that she could fashion into footwear. Away from the beach, the island became rocky. Her feet would have been torn to shreds without thick layers of the plastic protection. 
The first load of plastic that came ashore in long strands became a set of clothes that she could wrap around her body once they were dry. She'd do that only when the soldiers were coming. Plastic clothes are not very comfortable. Modesty is not an issue, when nobody can see you. She put the rest of the plastic that she hauled ashore into a giant heap that she was building near the copter pad. 
 While mornings and afternoons were quite pleasant, nighttime could be quite chilly. The growing heap of plastic served as insulation against the cold. She'd bury herself into the bottom of the heap, shift the sand so that it was comfortable, fashion a pillow of plastic, and sleep comfortably. 
Life on the island was actually quite comfortable if she ignored the weekly arrival of the soldiers. She had enough food and water, although the food tasted like cardboard. The days were warm and she had an insulated bed at night. Her searches for eggs did mean that her feet and plastic shoes became covered with chicken manure, but she was able to wash most of that away during the daily afternoon shower that also took care of the salt crusting on her body from her plastic hauling trips into the ocean. New shoes were easy enough to make. The lack of soap would be an issue soon. Her hair was becoming grimy and fresh water showers couldn't take care of that. She tried to hack it off, but couldn't find anything sharp on the island. She noticed that she didn't smell the chicken manure any more. She was smart enough to realize that the smell was still there. 
The soldiers arrived as the eggs had foretold. She hiked into the interior of the island and hid. Hiding would work well enough this week. It wouldn't work next week. They'd go hunting for her and the island was small. 
# # # # # # # # 
Meanwhile, The boogie-woogies had welcomed the trade delegation and were now giving them the grand tour of the planet. Doc and Granny were in mortal form, while Winnie and Shields were in their feathers. They had a very personable guide in the form of a young woman who was intent on showing them everything about the planet's culture and geography that she could cram into the week that she had been allotted. 
The planet's Museum of Natural History was the highlight for all of them. Multi-media presentations covered the planet's initial inhabitants, its entrance into a civilized status, and its place within the Cosmos. Doc found the origins of the planet in the form of a collective unit ruled by a queen to be fascinating. 
"Think about it, Winnie," had said to her one night in the ship. "Their civilization started as if they were a hive of worker bees and one queen bee. They weren't bees of course; they had humanoid bodies with their bulbous heads. But they all pretty much look the same."
"Zale had a pink face when she was on the tribunal. She doesn't have it now. I wonder why not."
"They all have the same approach to life," Granny pointed out. "They're all worker bees intent on being productive. What's good for the hive will be good for them all."
"They have recreation," Shields pointed out. "Enjoying nature, I suppose."
"Plus a lot of socializing," Granny added. "They seemed to be quite garrulous when they were together away from work."
"Bees buzz," Doc crypto'd.
Granny added to this. "I didn't see anybody showing enjoyment. I didn't know if they were having fun or not. Their expressions on their faces didn't change."
"Not that we could see," Shields offered. "That huge head masked everything for me. Perhaps they convey happiness in ways that we can't perceive."
"Perhaps their happiness is conveyed in how loud they talk," Winnie suggested. "When they were working, they were quite quiet. When they were socializing together, they were louder."
"Bees buzz," Doc crypto'd again. "The roots of this civilization start with the idea of a hive. Their success now as a planet is based on their hive approach to work. I wonder what would happen to them if something fractured their hive."
"Fractured like how?" Winnie asked.
"I don't know. A war?"
"Planet Boogie-Woogie is one of the original founders of the Cosmos. They are very peaceful. They have no history of war within their planet. They were the ones who thought of the idea of the Cops of Cosmos who would bring peace for all." Granny recited some facts from one of the presentations.
"Their collective/hive is the foundation for peace and prosperity." Doc again. 
"And if they were provoked with a stick into the hive?" Shields mused.
"Have you heard of the expression, Killer Bees?"
"What did you think of our guide?" Winnie changed the subject.
"I liked her," Shields said.
"Me too," Granny said.
"She was evaluating us," Doc added an element of discord. "You'll want to be careful around her in the tours to come."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

Another week has passed and the Cuban soldiers were watching as #14 swam laps from one side of the bay to the other. 
"Can you swim?" the sergeant asked the soldiers. The answer was disappointing. He couldn't swim either. The previous week, they had gone looking for her, purely to ensure that she had enough food and water. They couldn't find her.  
That search had prompted #14 to find a safe hiding place. She wouldn't need it this week. Doing laps around the bay was sufficient. If any of the soldiers knew how to swim, she was ready. She'd swim to the edge of the bay's plastic covering, dive under water and swim further into the bay. When she was close to running out of air, she'd surface. It would be easy enough to pull the plastic on the water far enough apart for her head to slip through the tangle. They'd never see her. Her head would be covered with plastic and all she needed was to have her nose above water. 
Let's go back to present time now. 
"Now we know why she was hauling plastic ashore," the sergeant observed for the elucidation of his subordinates who were trying to observe #14 but were griping that they could only see her head as she swam back and forth. All the good parts were hidden.
"Why was she hauling plastic?" one of them asked. 
"To create her private swimming pool," the sergeant answered. 
"Do you think that she'll try to escape by swimming?"
"Don't be stupid. You can't swim through that plastic. Why'd you think that?"
"She's starting to build another big heap of plastic at the far end of the bay."
"The tide is probably washing plastic into the bay. She's just cleaning that up."
"Makes sense," the soldier said.
And it did. The tide was actually doing that.
 # # # # # # # # 
The angels' second week in Boogie-Woogie had been eventful. First, they had all witnessed the construction of a custom-made chair for angels. Then, everybody had taken turns cutting and molding the wood under instruction of a teacher. 
The guided tours continued. They were invited into the homes of some city dwellers, who provided them with drinks and what would have passed for nibblies. They also saw the homes of the forest dwellers. These were the Guardians of the Forests who made sure that all was going according to plan. Each of them had made their own homes deep in the woods. All of the homes were made of living wood, which meant that the homes were living too. The relationship between the Guardians and their homes was obviously deeply personal and moving. The forests meant everything to this planet. The guardians were the sacred keepers of the forest. 
Later in the week, Zale invited them to a private dinner, along with Marleigh, their tour guide, and Micah, the trade officer. The meeting was congenial with Zale asking questions about their own planet. What they liked best about their home planet was a good conversation starter with their tour guide and trade officer joining in with opinions of their own about their planet. The dinner closed with drinks and goodies.
"These are the favorite dishes of our people," Zale said. "They represent the best of what our people have for food delicacies." 
Munching and sipping ensured. 
"What do you think of them? It's important for you to be honest."
...
"My worst goodie is better than all of these combined." 
[Trust Granny to be blunt.]
"I had some of your goodies when I was on the tribunal," Zale said. "I thought so too. We have nothing that can take a diner's breath away like your chocolate. Eating is just mechanical on our planet. Our food is boring."
The trade officer coughed. 
"Relax, Micah. We'll get a fair trade deal."
"You did undermine him," Marleigh said. "How can you be sure?"
"I'll make them an offer they can't refuse."
"She loves Godfather clichés," Micah explained. "We have a bootlegged copy," 
"Star Wars was way better," Marleigh exclaimed. "Even better than Star Trek because of Princess Leia. Captain Kirk had no love interest."
That opened up the discussion on how an insignificant little planet could contribute so significantly to the Cosmos' culture. Doc tried to claim that the Back to the Future trilogy was best, but he was outvoted. Apparently, time travel was too outrageous an idea for the Cosmos to take seriously. 
 # # # # # # # # 
After the private dinner, Zale took them to a musical concert of some kind that was held inside a giant dome. Eight boogie-woogies were arranged on a stage and were sitting behind instruments of some kind. Zale had a private box high against one of the walls where she would have a better view. That box easily accommodated the seven of them. 
The lights dimmed and the concert began. There was one percussionist, who had eight instruments to play. The other seven had stringed instruments of some kind. 
 # # # # # # # # 
The lights went up, the musicians took their bows, and the audience clapped. "What did you think of our national orchestra and its history story?" Zale asked as they walked to the spaceport. 
"I thought it was very romantic when the man came back from war and proposed," Granny revealed. "She had thought he had been killed, but he had only been wounded. I almost cried."
"I liked that part too," Doc admitted. "He managed to operate on himself in the middle of the battle. His proposal was very moving."
Shields was next. "I thought the battle scenes were frightening, but realistic. He knew that he could be mortally wounded, but picked up the grenade anyway. That was very heroic. It was right that a warrior such as he would survive." 
...
"And you, Winnie?"
[Winnie had thought that the noise was deafening. She had been toughing it out when all she wanted to do was put her hands to her ears and run out of the torture chamber.] 
"I found it a moving experience, Zale. I could hardly sit still."
"Just so you know. Some cultures would judge us as unemotional automatons. We are not. We are normally subdued in how we react to the world around us. As you heard in the battle scene, when provoked, we will respond." 
 # # # # # # # # 
It was the next day. Winnie had managed to hide her shame of being musically deaf in two cultures. She was responding to Zale's request to see their spaceship. Micah had invited Shields to tour one of Boogie-Woogie's space ships. Doc had brought some samples of his whittling sticks and was showing wood technicians on the planet how a simple knife could be artistic. He hoped that he would get a chance to whittle one of their sticks. Also on the planet, Granny was demonstrating the art of making mouth-watering chocolate delicacies to an audience of cooks armed with spatulas who were not afraid to use them. 
"I have to ask you a question," Winnie said after her tour of Angelion.1 was over. "I hope you don't mind."
 "Go ahead."
"What's going on with your face color? On Earth, it was pink. It's pink here in the ship, but on your planet your face has no color."
"The radiation from our sun that made our wood alive has also given us a gender marker. This is important because there is no discernible clue to who's female and who's male on our planet. The external appearance of our bodies is identical for both genders. I guess your eyes can't see the markers, but all of us can. Females have pink faces and males have blue faces. I didn't realize that you couldn't see that."
"Pink and blue? Your females have pink and your males have blue. Seriously?"
"Why does that surprise you?"
"On Earth, female babies receive pink cards; boys get blue."
"I have a pink face right now?"
"Yes."
"That's because your eyes are not being affected by the sun's radiation. If you stay on the planet long enough, you'll probably see the colors."
"I have another question. I know that you're not interested in our space ship, Zale. I've seen some other lies too. Why are we here?" Winnie was operating as a lie detector looking for answers. After a week of this, she had figured the trade trip had been a sham. 
"I haven't been trying to deceive you. I'm trying to deceive somebody else. We're here in your space ship so that we can't be overheard." 
"And Shields and Micah? He is your son, right?"
"Yes and Marleigh is my daughter. Micah's tour is a ruse. He will close a trade agreement with Shields that nobody can overhear. Does she have authority to act?"
"Yes."
"The group of cooks that Granny is working with is a test group. We know the chocolate will be a hit. These cooks won't be easily swayed. I'll learn from them how much of a hit your chocolate will be. You know how dull our specialty food is. Once they go back to their communities, we won't be able to stop the word from spreading. We'll be fully committed. Are Granny and Doc your real grandparents?"
"Yes, but not by blood."
"Your granny is a force to be reckoned with."
"Yes, she is. To what will you be fully committed?"
"To using chocolate to defend the planet."
"From what?"
"I don't know. Micah will put a clause in our trade agreement that will allow us to increase our order significantly at the price Shields dictates. We'll meet whatever reasonable price she asks for. We will negotiate on the size of the shipment. We will expect that you'll have enough chocolate to meet our requirements immediately if needed."
"We'll be able to increase our production. How is it that you don't know who is attacking you or how you will be attacked?"
"You saw the history of our planet. I made sure of that. You now know that we were an early member of the Cosmos. You now know that we were influential in starting the Cops of Cosmos. I believe that you've been told about the political bodies involved in the government of the Cosmos."
"Yes. Planets send representatives to the Symposium of Planetary Leaders. They select twenty planets to serve as Directors. This board selects the executive."
"Yes. If there is some dissatisfaction with the current executive, the board of directors can remove that person or those persons. The power starts with the board of directors."
"That is correct. You may not know that no woman has ever been selected to be a director."
"I've heard about that."
"Would you say that given our history as an early member of the Cosmos along with our role in establishing the Cops of the Cosmos, you'd think Blue Skies should have been an early member of the Board of Directors."
"If it were fair, yes. Has Blue Skies ever had a male leader?"
"No. Early in our history, we used to operate as a hive. Hives are run by Queen Bees. We're a matriarchy."
"That explains a lot." 
"Did you know that planets that enter the Cosmos must agree to a constitution that ensures equal treatment of both genders?"
"Yes, I was involved in the Cosmos action taken against Angelion."
"I heard about that. Does it seem surprising to you that all planets must agree to equal treatment inside their planet, but that constitutional requirement for equal treatment for women does not extend to the Cosmos Board of Directors?"
"I hadn't thought of it that way. Couldn't you argue that discrepancy in some court? It seems obvious."
"Do you remember me telling you about my lawyer friend who disappeared?"
"Yes."
"He was planning to take our case to the Assembly. Somebody must have found out what we were planning. That's why he disappeared. Without him, we would have no chance in a court of law."
"Which leaves you where?"
"There are a few of us who are trying to influence the general assembly to open up the Board of Director to include a woman. We have had some success with informal agreements with sympathetic planets. That success has not yet been tested by votes. We know of some planets who will stop at nothing to retain full control for the males. We know we wouldn't be able to change their mind. We are working to influence the votes of the planets who actually believe that the Cosmos' constitution that guarantees equal treatment of both genders should apply at the board of director levels."
"What does this have to do with chocolate?"
"Blue Skies is under attack because of my attempts to open up the board to a woman. I can't prove it. I don't know how the attack will materialize. I can't find it myself. My special senses are of no value here because I don't know who the enemy is. I do sense this. I believe that the attack will be directed at changing the mood of our population. We are a hive; we've always been a hive. My enemies will use that to create dissension. Why do you have to remain a hive? Why can't you enjoy life without being worker bees? They'll attack our very essence as a force for good in the Cosmos."
"Why is chocolate important?"
"Our people live what some would call a boring life. We work diligently. We have emotions but they're subdued. I want our people to experience happiness in their personal life. We're more than dedicated worker bees. We are individuals that can experience personal joy. If we start with that emotional approach, I can look at de-hiving us. Little things will work. Like encouraging citizens to not look exactly the same as the others. Wear something in addition to personal leathers. Something with color. Chocolate will feed our emotions. I want them to have sex in a pan."
"That sounds like you're well on your way. You'll have a trade agreement with us and we'll send as much chocolate as you want."
"It won't be enough. I need to root out the people on the planet who are fermenting problems. They are being directed by forces in the Cosmos government. I know of three planets alone that would plant agents among us if they could. In their mind, they would be protecting the Cosmos from weak leadership from emotional women."
"What do you want from me?"
"I want you to identify who the misogynistic planets are that are attacking me and how they are doing that. I will give you the names of the three closest potential enemies. Marleigh gave you that extensive tour so that you could see as much as I could show you of our lives. You'll need to operate almost invisibly among us."
"This was the offer I couldn't refuse?"
"That what I was told."
"If I help you, you can't ask me how I got my information. If I need reinforcements from Heaven, I don't have to ask you."
"Deal, but no torture and no killings. Tell me who is behind this. Catch them in the act of reporting back to the other planet if you can. Give me a way to defend the planet. Will you do that for me?"
"Yes. I'll need to get clearance from Queen Guinevere."
"You'll have to return to Earth to take Doc, Granny, and Shields back. Do that then. I've been told that you have an alternate form of transportation that you can use."
"You've been told a lot about me. How many people do you trust absolutely?"
"One."
"One? Only one? Not your children?"
"Marleigh and Micah do not know what conversation you and I are having right now. They have ambitions." 
"Who's the one?"
"My youngest daughter, Mirage. We need to talk about some operational necessities. I can't be seen with you, and I can't disappear without telling staff where I'll be. If I were my enemy, I'd want a spy on my staff."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

Week #4: The two heaps of plastic had become three. The third was at the far end of the bay. She had decided to work on her fastball. A mound of sand became a pitcher's mound. The mound of plastic by the copter pit became a hulking catcher. An empty egg container lying on its side on a smaller mound of plastic became the strike zone. Unfortunately eggs are oval and make poor baseballs. During one of her egg hunting forays into the interior of the island, #14 began looking for roundish baseball sized rocks. She came back with a carton full of rocks. The eggs that she had found had some accidents and never made it to camp. 
It was good to practice her rhythm again. The rocks that didn't make the cut were banished to the ocean. The rocks that did make the cut were kicked into the heap where they couldn't be seen. They'd emerge daily for more fastball practice. This time from a longer distance and without a pitcher's mound. 
# # # # # # # 
The three soldiers disembarked from the transport copter and ambled over to the egg crates to load them. 
"Sarge, I don't see any eggs."
Their eyes shifted to the bay where their favorite egg finder should have been swimming, but wasn't. 
"She couldn't have gotten off the island," he declared. "So, she's hiding. It's only a matter of time before we find her. Gear up!"
Gearing up meant adding a belt, holster, and pistol around their waists. They filled their shirt pockets with bullets. The belt also held a scabbard that they filled with a lethal looking combat knife. Naturally, soldiers would want a long gun and the copter had three of them plus ammunition that went into their pants pockets. To finish the khaki ensemble they added a set of handcuffs which hung from a handy loop at the back of their pants. 
"Shoot to kill, Sarge?"
"If you have to. If you have an easy shot, shoot to disable. We'll kill her afterwards. Private, you stay with the copter. Give me the keys. Fire two shots in the air if you see her anywhere near the copter. Corporal, you go south; I'll take north."
# # # # # # # 
Twenty minutes was as long as the private could stay at high alert. Make that medium alert. The copter was on a wide-open stretch of the island that allowed him to see her coming from any direction. He decided to look more closely at the beach. Perhaps she had drowned. That would explain everything. 
The private was standing on the sand, staring into the glare of the sun reflecting off the ocean, when the large heap of plastic (you may consider her the 'mommy heap') decided to give birth to a 'baby heap' of plastic. That baby learned how to stand and walk very quickly. It peered around the edge of its mommy and saw the private with his back to the shore. As the baseball radio announcer would say in days of yore: 
"Here's the wind up and the pitch. Looks like a fast ball. Strike one!" 
"Harry, the batter appears to be sleeping on home plate." 
The baby heap of plastic grabbed the sleeper's legs, hoisted him onto its shoulders (Yes, heaps have shoulders) and hauled the private to the copter. Soon, the private was lying unconscious on the metal floor of the copter. Off came the boots, then the pants, followed by the under pants The shirt was going to be more difficult so Baby Heap used the private's knife to cut the sleeves off. That made its removal easier. 
Transport copters are built to transport cargo. It could be fatal if a load of cargo were to shift in flight. That's why transport copters always have a surplus of ropes, snap hooks and brackets to stop the cargo from moving. The private was now on his back, both hands securely fastened to one side of the copter and both legs securely fastened to the other side. During his rock-induced sleep, he must have developed an insatiable desire to chew on a piece of his shirt. Why else would it be in stuffed deep inside his mouth?
# # # # # # # 
Baby Heap left the copter and headed south, but she ran along the shoreline whereas the corporal was slowly and carefully trekking inland. A second heap of plastic was there waiting. Buried inside Auntie Heap were rocks that were way to big to be successful in a ball diamond. But Baby Heap could manage to lift them. Dropping one thick rock on top of the other created an audible message. "Yoo-hoo. I'm here on the beach," the rock said. 
Baby Heap was gestating inside Auntie Heap when the corporal snuck onto the beach and looked for signs of a fleeing egg picker. He found two rocks on the beach instead and stared at them trying to figure out how two big rocks were on a beach that didn't have any other rocks like that. 
"Here's the wind up and the pitch. Looks like a fastball. Strike one!" 
"Harry, the batter appears to be sleeping on home plate." 
# # # # # # # 
Baby Heap found that pulling the corporal by his feet through the shallow water of the ocean was an easy way to transport him to the copter. She didn't want him to drown, so she cut a shirtsleeve off and stuffed it down his mouth. She would have had to do that later anyway. Might as well do it now. When they reached the copter, the corporal was arranged for viewing just as the private was. 
By now, Baby Heap had relieved the two soldiers of a number of weapons that she put on the copilot's seat. She figured she could learn to shoot the pistol far easier then the rifle and it was. She fired two shots into the air, put the pistol onto the co-pilot's seat and performed a reverse birth into Mama Heap. Mama Heap didn't appear to object to this unconventional way to persuade heaps to adopt better birth control. 
The sergeant was more careful approaching the copter than the corporal had been. He could see the open side door and figured that one or both of the soldiers had overpowered her and had taken her into the copter. Only they knew the signal to meet at the copter. 
Once again, Mama Heap disgorged her burden. This was going to make for a big headline in the Heap Daily Gazette. 
"Here's the wind up and the pitch. Looks like a fastball. Strike one!" 
"Harry, the batter appears to be sleeping on home plate." 
# # # # # # # 
We'll skip the part describing Baby Heap's disappearance into the ocean to clean herself. When she emerged, she was #14. Surprise! She began trying on boots, pants, and shirts. The boots were too big for her, but some excess shirt fabric could take care of that. She decided that no man's undergarment would ever come anywhere near her. She cut one pair of pant down to a cut off and that worked. All three of the shirts were unarmed (as were their owners). However, the buttons down the front worked. That's all she cared about. She put one shirt on and threw the other two onto the co-pilot's seat. She took that opportunity to look into the cargo hold. All three were still unconscious, although one was stirring. She took that opportunity to find her pinky ring and the keys to the copter. 
Three egg crates of a salt-water shower later, all three were awake. Pitchers aren't much for public speaking, at least this one wasn't. 
"How's it feel to be tied naked to the floor of a copter?" she asked.
Nobody answered. The shirt gags probably had something to do with that.
"You enjoyed the trip the last time we flew together. Now you get to be the one tied to the deck. Let's see how much you enjoy it."
 Positioning herself over the sergeant's body, she pulled the gag out of his mouth, lowered his own gun until it was touching a particularly sensitive area for a man. "I can hardly miss from here. You won't die, you'll just wish you had." 
# # # # # # # 
Frontier justice was applied three times that afternoon. Each man was shot with his own gun. One-by-one, she untied them and pulled them by their feet out of the copter and onto the sand. Nobody resisted. They were somewhat busy trying not to bleed to death. Plus, they had that pain thing that was keeping their minds occupied. She gave them remnants of their uniforms to help staunch the wounds. "Some of your colleagues will probably be by tomorrow," she predicted. And with that, she closed the cargo doors, lifted the transport into the air, and headed southeast towards Haiti and the Dominican Republic.
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 5 

As mentioned previously, Cuba provided a very good education to its citizens. #14 had particularly loved her geography class. One of the reasons that she worked as hard as she did on making Cuba's national women's baseball team was because she could travel and see different cities in the former United States. She hadn't travelled to other countries close to Cuba, but she knew about them. And she had maps of the Caribbean in her pinky ring storage. Heck, she had maps of everywhere in her ring storage. Her life-long goal? Travel. See the world. 
That had been a hopeless dream, of course. No Cuban could expect to have that in her future. But, here she was in a solar powered transport copter that could recharge every day so long as she was careful. She had enough food and water inside that copter for a week. Two weeks if she rationed the food. Water would not be a problem if she could find isolated fresh water lakes away from civilization. Like the lake directly below her. 
She knew she was over the Dominican Republic. Her map told her that. Cuban forces would go looking for her here. She had deliberately let the now lothario-challenged soldiers see her flight destination. But for today, she was safe. Nobody would check on the soldiers until they had failed to return to their base.
The first thing she did on landing was to walk into the lake. I remind you what she had been wearing during her births and how salt water doesn't really wash a body clean. Plus, during her four weeks of captivity, she had had no access to fresh water for bathing. The bottles of water had to be reserved for drinking. She enjoyed daily rain showers and that served to clean the salt-water crust off her skin and some of the chicken manure that coated her feet and lower legs. But she had no soap. And she knew that her entire body and especially her hair stunk. So she swam and did the best she could do with her hair. While that was drying, so were the clothes that she had been wearing. 
She checked the cargo to ensure that she did, in fact, have food enough for one or two weeks. She did. She also looked at all of the armaments that she had collected from the ex-Romeos. Plus, the copter had bins of other weaponry, none of which she knew how to use. Pistols, she knew.
She thought about bartering some of the weapons for clothes and shoes, but that would be noticeable. Noticeable was bad. The boots that she was wearing were uncomfortable and that that would translate into blisters soon. She stored those away for emergency use and went to bare feet. Most Cubans relied on bare feet to get around. Shoes had to be imported and were expensive. So long as she wasn't climbing on rocks, she'd get around quite easily on bare feet. 
As night fell, she pulled a blanket out of the first aid bin, wrapped herself in it, and went to sleep in the co-pilot chair. Tomorrow, she'd fly in a different direction. 
# # # # # # # 
On the second day, #14's itinerary was dictated by the availability of fresh water lakes. That meant that she flew due west from the Dominican Republic to the Yucatan Peninsula. Once again, she found a small isolated lake and swam. Part of that was to try and get the chicken manure stench off her body. The other reason was to think. 
Chicken manure wasn't the only stench that she carried. She also had a male stench that no amount of water could remove. She vowed that no male would touch her again in that way. If necessary, she would carry a pistol with her at all times. If necessary, she would use it on herself. There'd be more than one way to defend herself, but for that, she'd need somebody to teach her. That meant she needed civilization. Her English was passable but hardly fluent. She needed a Spanish speaking civilization. 
By the end of the day, she had identified a location. That night, she relived what had happened to her in the copter. 
On the third day, while the copter came to a full charge, she asked herself. Why did she get that nightmare? To push her into leaving the area faster? Were the Cubans hot on her trail? She left on a due westerly direction before the solar charge was complete.
# # # # # # # 
The panic had worn off as she flew over the waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Nobody could be following her. She found a lake on the eastern side of Mexico near Vera Cruz. As she was swimming, she had a thought, left the lake at a run, and started tearing the interior of the copter apart. What if the Cuban government had trackers on their copters?
Again, the panic subsided. The Cuban government couldn't afford to buy shoes. They wouldn't be spending money on electronic tracking devices. She put the interior back together again. She hadn't even known what to look for. That night, she relived the copter ride again. She got back to sleep by reliving the justice she had administered. 
# # # # # # # 
The fourth day's leg of the trip took her from eastern Mexico to the Pacific Ocean and from there north along the spine of the Andes. She found plenty of small lakes, but the evenings would be cold and she only had the one blanket. She pushed as far north as she could and landed. No swimming this time. She tried something different as she tried to sleep in the co-pilots chair. No man will touch me that way again, she reminded herself. Then, she re-played the mental memory of what she had done to the three soldiers and how panicked they had been as they realized what she intended to do. She hadn't panicked when it had been her turn on the copter floor. She had stared at their faces, burning the images into her brain. They had paid. She slept better that night. 
# # # # # # # 
Due north was the heading again this fifth day. The Andes Mountains gave way to the Sonoran desert. There'd be no lakes this day. She did land somewhere in the desert in late afternoon to warm herself up. It had been bitterly cold above the Andes, but an hour soaking up the sunshine recharged her batteries as well as the copter's. As evening approached, she headed north again. The lights of a city were visible from a long way off. She landed on the desert while she could do so safely. She'd go into that city tomorrow and park the Cuba copter with its Cuban flag. Nobody would know what that flag meant here. Again, she replayed the justice she had administered and slept soundly. 
# # # # # # # 
In conventional time, it was the third week of July and that meant that Maureen and Tanya's camp was full of U14s. Tanya had the infielders practicing double plays. Maureen was deep in left field and lofting fly balls to aspiring outfielders on the far side of the outfield. Piper had placed the catchers against the center field wall and they were scrambling after bunts. Maddy was in the bullpen with the pitchers. She had her catcher's gear on and was squatting behind the plate. 
Everybody was concentrating on their drill and so nobody noticed when a stranger came up the tunnel from the locker rooms and took a seat in the stands. Maddy was the first to notice her when she walked into the bullpen. She saw a tall girl with a long black braid fastened into a bun on the top of her head. She had an oval face, thick black eyebrows and her eyes were flickering from one person in the bullpen to the other. Her khaki shirt used to have arms but didn't now. She was wearing khaki cut-offs that emphasized how long her legs were. She was barefooted. Maddy stood up. "Can I help you?"
The stranger responded by walking to the mound. Once there, she stood near the rubber and held out her hand. The U14 didn't know what that meant. 
"Give her the ball," Maddy said.
The stranger rubbed the ball on her cut offs, examined the seams, gripped the ball with her left hand, placed her bare right foot on the rubber, and nodded at Maddy. 
Maddy squatted, flashed a single finger, and gave her a target.
Whop. 
Maddy walked the ball to the mound, took a close look at her, and said, "Good fastball." She returned to the plate. By this time, a crowd was gathering. Whops in a U-14 practice were rare. Maddy squatted, flashed two fingers and waited.
...
"I would have swung at that. Have I seen you before?"
The stranger's mouth was opening when Maureen interrupted. "Maddy, I want to see that fast ball again."
Maddy handed the ball to the not-so-much-a-stranger-anymore, went back to the plate, squatted, and flashed her forefinger. 
Whop
"How fast would you say that was, Maddy?"
"Gotta be at least 80." Again, she walked the ball back to the mound where Maureen was waiting.
"EVERYBODY TAKE A WATER BREAK," Maureen bellowed. 
"We know her, Maureen. She's #14 from the Cuban team. She had a unique delivery with her curve ball."
"Are you #14?" Maureen asked.
"Si." 
"What are you doing in Arizona?"
"This is the Arizona Universidad, yes?" she answered with a question in a heavy Spanish accent. 
"Yes."
"They are very young."
"These aren't university players. They are high school beginners. Do you remember me from Atlanta?"
"Si. Big bat, floating pitch. Too much for us. We didn't want to cheat.''
"I know. Why are you here?"
"Are you the coach here?"
"Yes."
"Are you the coach of the ferocious cats?"
"One of them." 
"I wish to combine your team."
[There are several words that #14 could have used. 'Combine' was not a good choice.] 
"Say that again in Spanish." 
"Deseo unirme a tu equipo."
"She wishes to join our team," Maureen translated for Maddy.
"Hablas español, Etrenadora?" [Do you speak Spanish, Coach?]
"Si. Aprendí cuando era niña. Cuántos años tienes?" [I learned when I was a child. How old are you?] 
"Eighteen."
"Maddy, get her some clothes, shoes, mitt. The works."
"Tienes jabon?"
"Maddy, show her where the showers are and how to work the soap dispenser. She'll need towels."
# # # # # # # 
After the shower.
"What's your name, Number 14?"
"Alicia. Alicia Fuentes."
"My name is Maddy. Maddy Wiltz."
"Si. I saw you in Atlanta. You watched all our games. You were too young to play?"
"I'm 15. Are you hungry?" 
"Yes, but baseball practice is first. Eat later. Si?"
"Always." 
# # # # # # # 
The practice was over and the players were in the locker room. Maddy and Maureen were siting in the dugout. 
 "Alicia can stay with me. I have a spare room."
"She'll have to pass some tests to be allowed into the university. I can help her get admitted. Cubans have good schools, right?"
"I don't know. I do know that she came to Arizona wearing cut up men's clothes. I do know from what I saw in the locker room that she had no underwear. I also saw that her hair was absolutely filthy and she spent a lot of time washing it out. I'll take her clothes shopping after supper. We'll hit a drug store too. She tried to clean her teeth with her finger and soap from the shower dispenser."
"Do you need money?"
"No. Maureen, what would have happened to an eighteen year old girl that would prompt her to leave Cuba without a stitch of clothing of her own?"
"I know one answer to that."
"I do too. I'm going to find out what happened to her. I owe her that."
# # # # # # # 
Alicia and Maddy were sitting in the student union cafeteria. Alicia had polished off two full plates. Maddy has just told her that she'd take her shopping.
"Do you have any other clothes in your copter?"
"What copter?"
"The one that you flew from Cuba. You didn't walk here."
"I have no other clothes."
"I'll buy you a little bit of everything then. Plus a suit case to carry them in."
"The government allows you to buy so much?"
"Everybody can buy as much as they want of anything, but you have to have money to pay for it. I'm lucky. I have a part time job. I can afford this."
"I'll pay you back. I will get a job too."
"If you wish. Let's start with shoes." 
# # # # # # # 
"You can stay here with me for as long as your wish. It's my aunt's apartment and she's never here. You can put your clothes in her closet and bureaus."
"Can I have a hot shower?"
"Sure. You don't have to ask."
...
"Feeling better?"
"Yes. I didn't think I'd ever feel clean again."
"Your hair is very shiny. It looks good. By any chance, do you know how to cook?"
"You wouldn't want to eat the food that I know how to cook."
"We'll eat breakfast at the student union building where we had supper. I have a pass and you can share it. If you make the university team, you'll have free food."
"Will I be able to make the team?"
"I don't think you have to worry about that. Sometime tomorrow, you should do something about the copter that you came in. If you leave it on the street, it could be stolen." 
"I don't want it. I will walk everywhere."
"Is there anything in the copter that you'd want to have here in Arizona?"
"Yes. I should keep something."
"Tomorrow is Saturday and we have no practice. You can take me to your copter after breakfast." 
# # # # # # # 
"Isn't that the Cuban flag?"
"How did you know that?"
"I was in Cuba when your team beat the Wildcats."
"I didn't know about you then."
"This is a military transport copter."
"Yes."
"Was it hard to fly?"
"No. I'll get what I want to keep." 
Alicia unlocked the co-pilot's door, climbed inside, and emerged carrying a pistol. "I don't have any place to put this. My new jeans are too tight."
"You can put it in my back pack. Here you go."
"I will get the bullets too."
"Does Cuba allow its citizens to own guns?"
Snort.
"Guns are legal here. Do you know how to shoot?"
"Point and pull the trigger."
"Do you know how to carry a gun safely?"
"If it falls, it won't break."
"If it falls, it might go off. May I see it?"
...
"Some pistols have a safety catch. This is a very old gun. It doesn't have one. So, you have to make sure that when you are carrying it, no bullet will come out if you accidentally pulled the trigger. I'll show you what to do." 
# # # # # # # 
"How do you know so much about guns?"
"I went to military school when I was younger. I also know that there'll be a lot of weapons inside this transport. Did you know that?"
"Yes." 
"May I look inside?"
"I'll wait for you here." 
# # # # # # # 
Army rations. This is what she ate on the way here. Bottled water. There's a lot here. How'd she get so much? It must have been in the copter when she stole it. 
...
How'd she know how to travel from Cuba to Arizona? Lucky navigating?
...
Storage bins are full of weapons and ammo. 
...
Interesting pattern of ropes on the cargo deck.
...
I see three bullet holes through the cargo deck where those ropes would have restrained something.
...
I see bloodstains around all three holes. Blood smears lead to the cargo door. Three people were shot here and then dragged outside. They would have been the soldiers who piloted the copter to where she was. The food and water were for her. She surprised them somehow and shot them. 
...
One unarmed girl against three armed soldiers? How? 
...
 The supplies did not include clothes, so she put on their clothes to come here. She didn't have any underwear where she was living. She was naked the whole time she lived there.
...
If these robes were restraining three men's arm and legs, the bullet holes would have been in mid body. That wouldn't have been immediately fatal. She chose that location deliberately. 
...
She was naked when the soldiers took her to where she would live. They used the ropes on her.
...
 Frontier justice. 
# # # # # # # 
"How'd you navigate here?"
"Pinky ring maps. My favorite school subject was geography."
"Will Cuba be looking for its copter?"
"Yes, but they won't look this far. I was careful."
"I'll make sure that nobody will find it and tell the Cubans where it is. Why don't we walk back into town? I'll show you where the Wildcats' training machines are and how to use them. I'll deal with the copter when it's dark. I'll need the key." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

"New Satan is here now," Winnie told Guinny. "He hasn't made any announcements yet." 
"I asked Meghan to brief me when he does. I didn't know when you would be going to Planet Boogie-Woogie."
"You knew about that?"
"I'm all-knowing, remember?"
"Seriously, how'd you know?"
"I heard why Zale wanted you when she asked me for permission to share you. Zale is a passionate believer in constitutional equality throughout the whole Cosmos. I figured you'd want to be part of that. How will you communicate with her?"
"Drop boxes. We can't take the chance of meeting again. She thinks that somebody on her staff could be watching her."
"Who's handling the drop box messages?"
"Her second daughter. She's unimportant in terms of any advancement to the throne. Nobody has reason to watch her. I didn't meet her. She's about my age."
"What about your personal safety?" 
"I should be OK."
"Will you need somebody like Shields?"
"I've set it up so that I can bring in help, but it can't be Shields. She has too much work to do with the trade treaty. I will be able to meet with her if she accompanies the first freighter. I also have CWO communications with you."
"I want a CWO communication from you every two days. Mention the name of a different Wilizy in each message." 
"Premonition?"
"No."
"Look at me when you speak, Stranger."
"I have no premonition. I do remember how Galahad and Shields got themselves kidnapped."
"Hell has no presence that far away."
"You'll be investigating at least one of the most powerful planets in the Cosmos. Hell is nothing compared to that kind of power."
 # # # # # # # # 
"I want a meeting of the most important devils in Hell in one week."
"Yes, Sire. That would be the Inner Pentagram. We've lost a couple of them recently. That will give you the chance of appointing some replacements. You can run an auction. They'll pay you handsomely."
"How would they do that?"
"Direct transfer from their Bank of Hell account to your personal account."
"I want a meeting with the top devil in the Bank of Hell. Set that up for next week."
"Yes, Sire."
"I want Hell's top scientists researching how we can dispose of the plastic on Earth's oceans."
"Our scientists are top in the field for creating new tortures. I don't know of any who are familiar with plastic disposal."
"Didn't Hell create plastic?"
"No, Sire. Humans created it. We made sure that nobody wanted to clean it up."
"Put plastic on the agenda for the meeting with the Inner Pentagram."
"Yes, Sire."
 "Who's the top female devil in Hell?"
"I don't know. Why do you want to know? Devilettes have no power or influence."
"Do they have an organization?"
"I've heard that the prostitutes have meetings from time to time."
"Hell has active prostitutes?"
"Yes, of course. What else are females good for? They wear mortal body sleeves though. When Old Satan removed devilettes from the hornocracy, he gave them the role of prostitute. [Class 2 devils] Heaven had stopped us from sending devils to Earth for sexual rewards; he gave them devilettes in mortal bodies as replacements."
"I want to meet with three of them. Pick any three. Two weeks from now."
"Yes, Sire."
 "I want to tour through every city in Hell. Have the top SSS devil in each city guide me. I'll be touring for the rest of this week."
"I can arrange to have a devilette accompany you. She could help with your stress levels."
"Did Old Satan have female companionship?"
"Yes. She lived in the Black House."
"I will travel alone."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Ganger."
"Doppel."
"Can you talk?"
"Yes. What do you want to talk about?"
"I'm on my way to Planet Blue Skies. Zale Zilio thinks that her planet is under attack. She wants me to look into it."
"I'm aware of her concerns. I recommended you."
"You didn't want to do that yourself?"
"You're still unknown. The muckity-mucks know what I think. If I show up there, that will tie Zale and me together. There's a small group of us. We try and keep our friendships secret for as long as we can."
"They aren't going after her because of your group?"
"No. They're going after her because she had looked into making a constitutional complaint a long time ago. They made the lawyer disappear; now they want to neutralize Blue Skies by ruining the planet's reputation. That means finding a way to neutralize Zale. It's possible that they've turned her son into a spy. Zale won't be able to believe that. If that's true, then that will suggest that matriarchic planets are doomed to be failures. You should keep an eye on him. Don't tell her what I said."
"I met him. I didn't pick up any vibrations."
"Perhaps he's a spy but doesn't know it. Look at the people he trusts."
"Will do. Tell me what I need to know about the powerful planets that might be targeting Blue Skies."
"This will take a while."
 "I have the time. Do you? Did I interrupt something?"
"Just some sex with hubby-dear."
"OMG. I'll call back."
"Don't worry. I can multi-task."
"I'll call back."
"You sure are naive when you can't use your truth telling skills."
"I sorta..."
"Yeah, right! Here comes the brain dump."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Last bit of advice. Whatever you do, don't push the anti-misogynists into a confrontation with misogynists. Some of our supporters are not fully committed yet. Zale cannot respond to what they are trying to do to her. In this situation, she must be deaf, dumb and blind."
"So, if I find them, I can't take them out of the play either?"
"You can tell Zale and she'll watch them for a slip up. But you were never there and you never did anything. An accounting can come later when we have stronger support."
"Huh."
"Zale never said anything about that, did she?"
"No."
"Zale knows force and how to wield it. Subtle, she is not."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

The baseball camp for the first week of August was for the U16 girls, which included Maddy and Piper. Audrey also was attending and staying with her sister. The week would end with a game against the university Wildcats, whose tryouts would begin the next week. The two teams would be mixed so that the game would be fair. 
Monday night, Alicia came back to the apartment and proudly announced, "I have a job."
"Great. Where?"
"At the student union. I'm a cook."
"You know that your tryouts start next week, right?"
"The chef said that he'd try to accommodate me. For August, I will work 6 pm to 11 pm. "
"And when you're in school?"
"I'll work weekends. I was told that weekends wouldn't interfere with our practices." 
"I thought you said that you couldn't cook."
"I said I can cook but you wouldn't like it. In Cuba, we use spices to mask the taste of the food, which is often bad. Chef said that he'd like to have genuine Cuban food."
"This is very good news, Alicia. Where are you off to now?"
"Baseball machines, I'll be home late. I have cooking tomorrow, plus I have university entrance exams in the afternoon. Maureen said I don't have to worry. With my job, I receive free meals, so I won't starve myself. Then, back to the machines. I probably won't see much of you."
"Can you wait for a bit? I'd like to ask you something."
"Sure, I can use the machines as long as I want to this evening."
"Do you remember how I told you that I had figured out what had happened to you?"
"And I told you about the prison I was in and how I had escaped from Chicken Manure Island. That was a good talk. I don't like to have secrets from friends."
"And you said that you had gotten over ..."
"They're called rapes, Maddy."
"Yes, you said you had been having trouble sleeping because of dreams about the rapes, but they had stopped when you put yourself to sleep by re-living what you had done to the three soldiers."
"That was frontier justice, you agreed."
"Yes. I like what you did. I would have done the same. I'm just a little concerned that you are getting to sleep by fixating on some very violent events."
"I'm all over the rapes, Maddy. I'm better. I don't have any bad dreams."
"I have an aunt who helped a woman recover from some rapes similar to what happened to you. If you wanted, I could introduce you to her. I'm sure she'd be willing to talk with you. She's very nice."
"I'm over them, Maddy. Gotta go." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Let's see if I have this right," New Satan said. "Nobody in this Inner Pentagram has any idea how to remove the plastic from Earth. Is that right?"
...
"Don't just sit there."
"Giving Old Satan bad news was not a healthy thing to do," one devil had the courage to say. 
"I'm not Old Satan. I need the Inner Pentagram to give me information."
"We have no idea how to remove the plastic from Earth's oceans."
"Heaven's CEO phoned me on a black and white phone to welcome me to the solar system. She offered to lend me plastic skimmers that their scientists had created. These are solar-powered vessels that can operate on the surface of the oceans. The design of their bows will push plastic together into large clumps. From there, automated equipment can load the plastic into containers. This is what Heaven would use to remove plastic from the oceans if it became their job to do so."
"It's a trick."
"If it's a trick, it's a good one. They don't gain anything from lending it to us."
"You want us to use Heaven's cast offs?"
"I want to get rid of this plastic so that Hell and Lucifus can continue to have spaceships." 
The senior most pentagram devil responded. "Our best scientists met. We can't burn plastic here and there's too much of it to ship off planet. Our spaceships are too small. Besides where would we send it? The Cosmos would never let us float it around the solar system." 
"What's your solution, Mammon?"
"Appeal the ruling. The tribunal gave us an impossible task."
"This is the tribunal that led to the execution of a pentagram devil and the early retirement of Old Satan. They won't reopen that tribunal. Cosmos tribunals cannot be appealed. We need a solution."
"Our scientists don't have one. What's your solution?"
"We ask better scientists."
"What scientists?"
"Earth's." 
"You'll never get agreement from Heaven or the Cops. The prime directive would be violated for sure."
"Then we will ask Heaven's scientists for help. Perhaps they know how to get rid of it."
"They won't know how. Even if they did, they wouldn't help us. They have no reason to."
"I'll make them an offer they can't refuse."
"You're going to imitate the Godfather? That was a movie! It wasn't real life!"
"The concept is real."
"What will you offer?"
"I will offer them a period of twenty years during which time Hell will not start any wars IF they have a solution and give it to us."
"But, that's my job. I'm in charge of creating wars."
"It's a job that you suck at. When was Earth's last war?"
"We had pandemic, climate change, lack of food and so much more to overcome. Creating wars was impossible."
"So you've been living in Hell without contributing anything to our sinconomy. It's time for you to retire and you know what that means."
 "How much do you want?"
"I don't accept bribes. I'll make you an offer you can't refuse."
"What offer?"
"I will let you afterlive in Hell for now. If you don't like offering a moratorium on wars, find another way to get Heaven's help."
"If I can't?"
"I will offer them your puny little body if they'll help us."
 # # # # # # # #
"You want me to supervise the switch of old Satan's Bank of Hell to this?"
"You can read, can you not?"
"But this has never been done before."
"Does that mean that the bank has to remain the way it is now?"
"But..."
"You currently are the Governor of the Bank of Hell, are you not?"
"Yes, Sire.
"I have an opening for a urinal cleaner if you'd prefer that line of work."
"But Hell doesn't clean its urinals."
"Apparently that's bad for Hell's environment. I'm looking for devils with long tongues. Stick out your tongue, Governor."
"I'm sure we can make the changes in the Bank of Hell that you want, Sire."
"The urinal job will be waiting for you if you do not."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8 

"Good pitching, Alicia. Your fastball had a pop on it."
"Thanks, Maddy. How many strikeouts did you get with that change-up?"
"Three. You gave up one hit in two innings and I gave up one hit. That was fun."
"Do you think that Maureen planned for us to be on different teams and pitching against each other the last two innings?"'
"Oh, yeah. I can't match your fastball. She wanted to see what I'd do. Some members of my family were here watching the game. They're coming back to the apartment for a visit. You should meet them. You're not working are you?"
"No, I had the whole evening off. I'd like to meet them."
"Good."
 # # # # # # # #
"I've called the twenty of you here to the Black House because all of you have had experience in some form with mortal women and/or with devilettes. I am considering you devils as Hell's experts on women. I need to understand them. The tribunal dictated that Hell had to treat them as equals. Lucifus doesn't have a problem with equality for women and so I don't understand why Hell does. This should be easy. Let's keep this meeting informal. Give your opinion freely. First question. Why is it so hard to give devilettes equal treatment in Hell?"
"Sire, there's an easy answer that any Lucifus citizen would not have seen. In Lucifus, their women are natural born citizens. The women carry strong genes. They are treated equally because they are equal. Hell's devilettes are mortal women who have sinned. Earth's women have never been equal with Earth's men. For centuries, men faced demands that the women be treated equally. But never was equal treatment possible no matter how hard Earth men tried to raise them up. The bitter truth is that Earth women have never been and never will be equal. They are an inferior breed. That's obvious to anybody who has had to put up with them."
"Sire, they can't make simple decisions."
"They're too emotional."
"They're unable to understand difficult concepts."
"They don't understand logical thought." 
[And more of the same. We'll skip forward.]

 # # # # # # # #
"Are you saying that women can't ever overcome those deficiencies?"
"Sire, they don't want to. They are entirely comfortable with having a comfortable life under the benign stewardship of the male species. They like to complain. It's one of the things they do best. They use complaints to gain sympathy from others of their species."
"Always griping."
"Whiners."
"Unappreciative."
"Constant kvetching."
 [A Jewish devil? Really?] 
[And more of the same. We'll skip forward.]
 # # # # # # # #
"Why don't they work to improve themselves like males do?"
"Sire, they are obsessed with having sex. For mortal women, their entire role in life is to procreate the species. Their genes are designed to ensure the race survives. They spend an inordinate amount of time making themselves appear beautiful. Then they go trolling after desirable men. When they catch one, they bombard him with alluring sexual signals until a baby is born. After that, they ignore him and focus all their attention on raising their progeny that takes twenty years to mature."
 "Sire, the desire to have sex is so dominant that after having sex for even a small amount of time, they might actually cry in pleasure during it. We saw that when devils were allowed to show mortal women what real sex was like."
"Old Satan made a very astute decision by making all devilettes into prostitutes. That way they didn't have to hide their obsession." 
"When they're not working, they're reading romance books which is pornography in words."
[And more of the same. We'll skip forward.]
 # # # # # # # #
"Other than having sex, what do women/devilettes do well?"
"They're good at talking and never really saying anything interesting."
"They talk too much. Put one of them on a committee and it will be years before the committee does anything."
"Two women on a committee is the kiss of death to that committee."
"I had to gag one of them when we had meetings."
[And more of the same. We'll skip forward.]
 # # # # # # # #
"What else do they do well?"
"Sire, they're good at buying things."
"Washing and cleaning."
"They're good at organizing."
"That's the same as bossing people around."
"That's OK if they're bossing other devilettes around. Bossing devils around is unconstitutional."
"No, it's not."
"It should be."
"They're good at gossiping. They can do that for hours."
"Women gossip; men solve intellectual challenges. That's the crux of the difference between the two genders right there." 
"Thank you, devils. You've given me a lot to think about."
 # # # # # # # #
"This is my mom, Mac."
"That was an exciting game, Alicia," Mac said and stepped forward to give her a hug. 
"This is another mom, Bean."
"I'm the one with the baby sleeping in Maddy's bed," Bean said and stepped forward to give Alicia a hug. 
"And another mom, Melissa."
"Maddy has a lot of moms because she lost her birth mother," Melissa said and stepped forward to give Alicia a hug. 
"I have lots of dads too. This is TG."
"I'm pleased to meet you Alicia," TG said and stepped forward to give her a hug. 
Alicia turned into a steel rod.
Maddy continued. "My dad, Cowboy."
Cowboy's hug turned Alicia into a tuning fork. She began to vibrate.
"My third dad, Wolf."
As Wolf stepped forward, Alicia's vibrations turned to trembles. She stepped back against a wall, hands outstretched to stop him from getting closer. "
"NO!!!!"
"This is my aunt. I told you about her."
Momaka wrapped her arms around Alicia, whispered some words to her, guided her into her bedroom, and shut the door."
"You were right, Maddy," Bean said. "She needed help."
"I feel like a jerk."
"It had to be done, Sweetie," Mac said. "Better now before it gets worse."
"She's going to hate me."
"I hear Beansprout moving around," Melissa lied. "Why don't we check on her?" 
Mac put an arm around Maddy's shoulder and steered her into her bedroom.
...
"Did you see Alicia's fastball?" Wolf asked. "That thing was flying."
"Maddy had the better junk," TG claimed.
"I taped the game," Cowboy said. "We can watch it again. It could be a long night."

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

Winnie's first task when she arrived at Planet Boogie-Woogie was to let Zale know that she was there. They were using a drop box to communicate. A drop box is a place where one could hide a short written note. In this case, Winnie had hidden the note under a flat stone that was a step inside the trail that Mirage took on her way to and from school. Zale could reply to the message with another note under the flat stone. If the flat stone had a fallen branch half covering it, that meant a message was waiting to be picked up. 
Zale's personal residence was on a bluff overlooking the city. Marleigh had her own residence in the city, as did Micah. They were old enough to want privacy, probably privacy from their mom. Zale's third child, Mirage, lived under the watchful eyes of the most powerful woman on the planet. Keeping that power required that no embarrassing incidents could become known. Yes, even in Boogie-Woogie, media exposés were political threats. 
Zale's husband, Horatio had left the marriage when Mirage was five years old. He complained to his friends that Zale was intolerably bossy, which she was. Zale complained to her friends that her husband cared little about being a father, which also was true. For the sake of the children, these complaints did not reach the media. Nor did details of the divorce settlement that gave hubby a considerably generous inducement to not undermine his wife's career reach the media. 
Mirage used a solar powered scooter to travel up and down the winding trail to her home, as well as to get around the city. She spent one day and night a week with her father who was able to pretend for one day at least that he was interested in her life. He said goodbye to her each week with the warning not to let the boys get too touchy with their hands. Mirage was two years into puberty and knew about first base and what followed. She also knew that she'd never get to the plate when her mom knew the man who assigned misbehaving boys to the work camps in the forest. 
On this day, she saw the branch across the stone and picked up the message after checking for curious hikers. "Mail for you," she said to her mom. "She's here."
Yes, Mirage knew what her mom was doing. It was impossible for her mom to prevent her from knowing. Mirage was a reader and the only person in the family outside of her mother who had special talents. She considered those talents as a curse. She knew exactly what the boys wanted to do but would never take the chance. She also knew what the girls thought of her. In English, those thought would have been 'rich bitch.' They were more insulting in Blue Sky's language. To say that Mirage was desperately lonely would be an understatement. Some suspicious people might think that this loneliness would make her vulnerable to somebody who actually paid attention to her. 
 # # # # # # # #
After using the mailbox, Winnie spent several days installing drones throughout Government House and Zale's mansion. A foreign power would want to target somebody close to Zale. If not her children, then they'd target people who were close to her children. As part of her briefing with Zale, Winnie already knew the names of these people, and the name and address of her husband as well. Winnie also had a schematic of the important positions in the government including names.
As to how Winnie could install all those drones...., I remind you of one of Zale's comments: You'll need to operate almost invisibly among us. Normally, Winnie could appear on a planet in a realist version of an inhabitant's body. She could have recreated the leather body and the big head, but she didn't know how to create a face that showed a pink tint under Boogie-Woogie's sun. That's why Winnie was always wearing her sling when she was on the planet. Right now, she was in her light ship, lounging on the pilot's couch and looking at the feeds from the drones. 
 # # # # # # # #
Maddy was in the kitchen pouring herself a bowl of cereal when Alicia came out of her bedroom, dressed in her cooking clothes. She let fly with stream of Spanish words that probably didn't translate into a question about how Maddy had slept. For one thing, the sentence didn't end in a question mark. It ended with an exclamation mark!
"I did it so that you could get better. I was trying to help you."
"Thank you very much, Mercedes." This note of appreciation limped out of Alicia's mouth, burdened as it was with a hefty dose of sarcasm."
"Who is Mercedes?"
"She's my mother. You aren't!" Then, Alicia left in a huff, which is a form of pedestrian travel, not unlike a puff. 
Maddy had an appointment with her tutor and left for Heaven. 
 # # # # # # # #
"You're not focusing at all, Maddy." 
"I know."
"Things on your mind?"
"Yeah."
"Why don't you take some time to sort those things out? You're not learning anything here."
That was excellent advice. Maddy ended up in Lillian's office.
 # # # # # # # #
"Winnie's not here. She's on an assignment somewhere. I need to get permission. I thought you would be the one to ask."
"I am. Permission for what?"
"It's a long story."
"That's good. I was getting bored."
 # # # # # # # #
"They put your friend in prison for exposing their cheating. Then they put her in a different prison all by herself and raped her three times before they got there. She escaped by knocking them out with rocks when she was disguised as a bunch of plastic. Then she neutered the soldiers, stole the copter, and found a way to travel to Tucson where she is now going to join the University of Arizona Wildcats. That's a very remarkable story. Why are you feeling guilty?" 
"If I hadn't found their team's weaknesses, they would have won and she wouldn't have been put in prison. None of this would have happened."
"If the Cuban authorities had been normal people, they would have lost the game graciously, admitted that cheating was wrong and they had been caught fair and square."
"I know that, but I don't FEEL that. I feel terrible. She was raped three times on the floor of a copter. I can't get that out of my mind."
 "But you knew that she was struggling to deal with the assault and you found a way to help her. So, she's mad at you. She won't stay mad at you. Sounds to me that you should be having sessions with Momaka too."
"Me?"
"You said, and I quote, I can't get that out of my mind."
"Huh."
"You've been hurt by those soldiers. Not as badly as her, but badly enough that you are struggling. What are you going to do about that?"
"When Alicia was yelling at me, she said that I wasn't Mercedes. Mercedes was her mother."
"Words in anger."
"Do you know how I get feelings about things that might happen?"
"Winnie has mentioned that. Have those feelings ever been wrong?"
"No."
"What feelings have you had that are bothering you now?"
"I can see a Cuban woman on Chicken Island. She looks like an older version of Alicia. She is all by herself. She won't be able to escape. That's Mercedes. I know I'm right. I want to prove it." 
"And if you are right?"
"Alicia gave justice to the Cubans that raped her. She couldn't do anything about the Cuban in charge that put her in two prisons for losing a baseball game. Now, if I'm right, they've put her mother into the same prison. I can do something about that. Then, I'll feel better."
"What's the first thing you have to do?"
"Look at the island. I'll sling to it."
"I have a faster way. Hold my hand."
---- 
"That's Havana below us. Any idea where Chicken Island is?"
"Alicia said that she flew south toward the Dominican Republic."
"That means the island was in the southern half of Cuba. We'll stay high."
...
"The island below is the one, I think."
"I agree. Go invisible. I'll stay here and watch your back."
 # # # # # # # #
"I could smell the chickens as I approached. There's a shack with a cot to sleep on. Several changes of clothes were hanging on some nails. The shack also has lots of army rations and some bottles of water. I didn't see any heaps of plastic. The bay is relatively clear of plastic. I saw one woman hiking around the island with a basket partially filled with eggs. She was wearing boots and clean clothes."
"So they improved the living conditions for the egg collector. What did she look like?"
"She looked like the woman I saw in my mind. Middle aged. Fairly tall. Same kind of face as Alicia. Bushy eyebrow. Black hair streaked with gray. How can I be sure that she's Mercedes' mother?"
"Hold my hand again."
 # # # # # # # #
"Heaven makes recordings of all of the prayers that people make. This screen gives me entry into that database. Type in Mercedes and Alicia's last name."
M e r c e d e s  F u e n t e s
...
"Alicia's mother sent this prayer two night ago. Push English and then Play."
Please, please, please, let my daughter be alive. I don't care what happens to me. Let Alicia be alive. They said she was dead. Let her be alive.
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

Winnie's search for Boogie-Woogie traitors was not going very well. Unsavory people, yes. Traitors no. Marleigh was in a relationship with a man who was bragging to his friends that he'd be sleeping with her soon. Marriage would soon follow. A high-ranking government job would be next. Micah had an inner circle of advisors that were loyal to him. One of the advisors had an employee that was taking bribes to arrange meetings with Mica. Winnie didn't do anything about either of those threats. If they were any good as executives, they would find out soon enough. 
Winnie followed Zale's husband around for a couple of days and nights. He had motive if he had entered the marriage thinking that he'd have political influence. She needed to know how the men in the planet reacted to living in a matriarchy, but she had no way of finding out from a sling. Horatio spent a lot of time in dark, noisy pubs - a perfect environment for slipping notes to other disgruntled men. If he were plotting against Zale, he had a lot of male friends to draw on. 
What about foreign provocateurs who had slipped into the planet and were recruiting dissatisfied boogie-woogies? That was unlikely for the same reason that Winnie couldn't disguise herself. Neither could they.
She believed Zale's sense that the planet was under a subtle attack. You can't ignore those feelings, especially with people with extra sensitive senses. Winnie's problem was that the enemy's tentacles had not reached into senior government. That didn't mean they weren't there. Finding potential traitors among the masses was impossible. She gave herself one more week with her current drones. Then, she'd have to come up with a different approach. 
 # # # # # # # #
"I know you're mad at me and I understand why," Maddy began. She and Alicia were the last ones left in the training center. It was about 9 pm. 
Alicia continued to swing at curve balls outside and low. If anything, she was swinging harder as she tried to ignore Maddy. 
"I want you to know that I've been seeing Momaka too. I've been very upset about what happened to you. There are times that I can't get it out of my mind. I can see you being raped and I become furious. I know that what I'm experiencing is nothing like how you feel, but I understand why you didn't want to recognize that you needed help. I did the same thing. A person I respect pointed out that I was denying that I needed help. That's when I started seeing Momaka. She has suggested that both of us could meet her together. I understand that you might not want to do that."
Alicia shifted to high hard fastballs and began driving them over the pretend fences. 
"I believe very strongly that bad people should be brought to justice. You did that with those three soldiers. You and I think alike. I would have done the same. BUT, a Cuban officer gave the order for you to be put on that island is out there somewhere. He probably knew what the soldiers would do and made sure that you were put on that copter without any clothes. Nothing has happened to him. I'm going to get him. I don't know how yet. But I will."
Alicia stopped swinging and picked up her water bottle. She still wasn't looking at Maddy.
"I've learned that sometimes things have to become worse before they can get better. My sister and I didn't get along at all. Now we're good. I am going to tell you something that will probably hurt you. I'll tell you what it is if you want to be involved in what I do to that officer. Or, you can tell me to leave and I will."
...
Maddy started to turn away.
"I can't handle another problem. Those dreams have come back because Momaka says that I shouldn't chase them away with violence. You were right. But I'm in a strange country and everything is different for me. The girls on the team are sort of friendly but I'm new. A freshman pitcher wasn't selected because I was picked instead. She had friends. I'm all alone and I thought you were my friend and then you weren't. You have family to support you, I don't."
"I can help you with that. But you'll have to take one more hurt. I can't do what I want to do without your permission."
 # # # # # # # #
"Sire, you can't do that," the Governor of the Bank of Hell argued.
"Why not? I'm Satan. I can do anything I want to do."
"But..." 
"Who would complain? The devilettes?"
"Probably not."
"Even if they did, so what? Wasn't the consensus of our meeting that devilettes always complain about everything?"
"Yes."
"Don't we just ignore them?"
"Yes."
"With this change, we wouldn't even hear them whining and bitching."
"A simple operation would take care of that."
"Yes, but you're forgetting the Cosmos. They might object to us cutting out all their tongues. This way, we give the Cosmos what they want. Devilettes will be treated equally from now on."
"Devils would probably approve your change, especially with the continuation of the prostitute program."
"There'll be ramifications on the Bank of Hell."
"Yes. You're already making big changes there. It's a lot to digest at once. Plus the demon program is changing"
"That won't have any impact on our effectiveness on Earth. From what I hear, demonettes aren't worth the fluff we give them to wear."
"Will you do all the changes at once?"
"I want to see your plans for the bank first. After that, a slow rollout would be best I think." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Do you want to pilot, or shall I?"
"I've had enough time in the pilot's chair. You can do it."
"Are you sure being in the copter won't bring back bad memories?"
"I'm sure. The copter will be a good memory soon. Are you sure my mom is the woman on the island?"
"Same face, same features, same body type. I'm sure."
"Why did you fly over the island?"
"I was scouting the area. I'm going after that officer, like I said. I don't know how I'm going to do that yet."
"What if she doesn't want to live in Tucson?"
"I will take her any place she wants to go. Except Cuba. They'll find her and kill her if she tries to hide there."
"The secret police are everywhere."
...
"What does your mother do?"
"She's a medical worker."
"She shouldn't have any difficulty finding a job if she wants to live in Tucson. They're always looking for medical people. Would the two of you live together?"
"I don't know. She might not want to."
"You guys can decide. I'm sure Maureen will offer to help her out. She has a spare room."
"I said some things once."
"Don't tell me if you don't want to."
"She said the coaches were bad men. We had heard that girls had to sleep with them to make the team. She said that she wouldn't allow me to try out."
"But you did try out."
"I walked out on her. Baseball was my life. I told the head coach that I would quit if they made me have sex. I was the best pitcher and they needed me. So, they didn't. She was right about them though."
"We're about ten minutes away."
"So soon?"
"I took a more direct route. The guards always came to the island in the mornings, right?"
"Yes."
"That means we don't have to rush. The two of you can talk. I'll go for a swim."
...
"Maddy it's her. I have to go to her now!"
[I hate it when I cry where somebody can see me.]
 # # # # # # # #
"She's sleeping now," Alicia reported. "They never raped her."
"What did your mom decide?"
"She wants to go to Tucson, get a medical job and watch my baseball games."
"I'll talk with Maureen. I'm sure she won't mind helping while she settles in. Will you live with her when she finds her own place?"
"She said that I should live in a separate place, but the two of us should visit a lot. Can I stay with you still? Are you mad at me?"
"No. Are you mad at me?"
"No. I'll go to Momaka with you."
"That's good. She told me that she was going to give us writing assignments. She said writing can be easier than talking. They'll be therapeutic."
"Can I come with you when you kill the officer. My mother said the Secret Police Commander was in charge."
"I don't know that I'll kill him. He'll receive justice though." 
"Why'd you make a big pile of plastic with a rifle sticking out of it?"
"To let them know that you had rescued your mom. They will have to change the way they collect eggs on this island."
"You'll keep coming back to Cuba?"
"If necessary."
"Can I come with you when you justice the secret policeman?"
"Probably not. It'll be dangerous for you. [Besides, it was very likely that Maddy would be wearing feathers or her sling.]
"My mom said that the secret police put Inez in the prison too because she wouldn't keep quiet about my disappearance."
"Who's Inez?"
"A girl on the national team."
"If I'm with you, I can point her out to you. She shouldn't be put in a prison because she was trying to help me."
"True. I don't know what my plan will be. I'll have to see."
...
"How old is Inez?" 
"Seventeen. She has one more year of high school."
"What position?"
"Center field. She has a strong arm and is very fast."
"Huh."
...
"The Wildcat's center fielder is graduating this year," Maddy observed. "Inez might be able to join the team as a freshman."
"Inez is faster than you."
"No way."
"You watch. She'll be the fastest on the team."
"Not after I join the team."
"Oh yeah."
"Oh no."
"Oh Yeah!" Alicia won the Oh battle.
"We should bet." 
"Loser has to eat your cooking." Alicia proposed.
"That was low." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

Zale had given Winnie the names of the three planets who would be the most likely to launch an attack on Boogie-Woogie. Winnie looked up all three of them in the Cosmos Planetary Guide and chose to visit the fifth planet in the Wibble-Wobble solar system. Piggity-Wiggity was that fifth planet. [These English names are, of course, approximations of the actual names when spoken in the slobber-bobber language of the planet.] Piggity-Wiggity had two moons, Jingle and Jangle. Jingle held all of the planet's government offices, databases, records, and such. Jangle held all the military offices, including the spaceship port. Personal travel between the planet and the moons was handled by the other main species on the planet. More on that later. 
 Various life forms lived on the planet. The dominant forms were the piggities and the wiggities from which the planet was named. Both were pink-skinned humanoids that stood on their hind legs. They had two arms and one head. Large ears and a flat snout with two small nostrils dominated the head. 
The hands and feet consisted of a large thumb and a grasping digit. These were the species' most glaring deficiencies. Typing on a keyboard was difficult. Picking objects up was difficult if they didn't have a cord for carrying. In general, the inhabitants of the planet had very little dexterity with their hands. You could say that they were ham-fisted. 
Walking in their bare feet posed several difficulties. Their feet, better known as their hocks, were sharp. Walking on something hard like cement was uncomfortable for them. Walking on something soft, like grass, was comfortable but hard on the grass. Their sharp hocks would tear the surface open. This wasn't a problem for the piggities or the wiggities who enjoyed wallowing in the mud, but the groundskeepers complained about them running hog wild through their parks and making them into pigsties and rightfully so. 
The answer was customized footwear that they could slip their hocks into. This footwear was comfortable inside but had a hard exterior outside that prevented damage to soft surfaces. Each family painted these hog-clogs with distinctive colors that served as a form of a family crest.
Piggities were the males of the species. The little curly tail that was attached to the males' bottom was unique to them. This may have had a purpose in the early history of the planet when the species was evolving away from its porcine origins. Now, the curly tail had no purpose, other than as a location from which a piggity could hang decorations during national holidays. Being male, you could expect that their tail decoration were rather lame. Piggity tails were too stiff to be enclosed inside clothing, so the planet's fashion experts designed clothing that had a slit in the clothes through which the tail could hang out. I hasten to add that the curly tail was not a sex organ. Piggities had the same male sex organ as other humanoids and procreated in the usual fashion. 
Wiggities were the females of the species. Like ancient pigs, wiggities had little bodily hair. In fact, they were completely bald, as were the piggities. That was quite the challenge for the wiggities to bear. How would they spend their free time if they didn't have hair to comb, shampoo, dry, braid, moisturize, cut, condition, streak, or dye? They solved that problem by buying fake hair. These were called wigs from which their gender name was derived. Fortunately for the planet, other species on the planet had hair. 
Piggities and wiggities were vegetarians. For obvious reasons, they were extremely uncomfortable eating ham, bacon or pork sausages. This sensitivity extended to other animal meats. Their favorites treat was an apple. Piggities and wiggities were often seen in public walking down a street munching on an apple stuffed into its mouth. 
Since the mother nature of the planet had decreed that pigs couldn't fly, she made up for that deficiency by stocking Jingle with a species of large four legged ungulate mammals that had hooves. They also could fly and were strong enough to pull giant sleighs behind them. The sleighs were enclosed transportation vehicles that contained oxygen-producing plants in the bottom level of the vehicle. The second and third levels contained passenger seats. All seats had wonderful views through transparent shields that protected passengers in case the sun farted. I recognize that this word may be a little vulgar for some of my readers. Unfortunately, that's what the sun did. Piggity-Wiggity's sun was getting old and had difficultly controlling its solar emanations.
These commuting vehicles had runners at their very bottom so that they could land easily and safely. Since the ungulates that were pulling the sleigh did not have noisy engines, their sleighs needed warning sounds to alert the public that they were coming in to land. Tiny bells that jingled as the sleigh lost altitude created these sounds. Jingle the moon had put a copyright on the words Jingle Bells, which meant that no other planet could use them together to make a profit. Unfortunately one planet that shall go unnamed didn't respect such conventions. 
The ungulates that pulled the sleighs were large brown mammals with impressive horns on their head. [Not the type of horn you could honk.] For safety reasons, all were equipped with a red nose, which was especially needed during night flights. As you have probably figured out, these mammals were known as reindeer. The Cosmos planetary guidebooks did not say whether or not the reindeer could land on a roof. 
The Head Snout of Planet Piggity-Wiggity was Earwax, one of the most powerful humanoids in the Cosmos. If you're wondering how he got his name, look at a picture of a pig's ears. Those suckers are big and deep. Earwax's ears were huge. As a little baby, Earwax produced enough wax to make dozens of candles that could keep his family warm during the winter season.
Like any child who has been burdened with a bad name, Earwax grew up as a target of derision. This gave him the motivation to trample anybody who got in his way. He became wealthy and powerful. He had a mansion on Jingle and enjoyed looking down at the planet that he controlled. The idea that he should share power with any wiggity, or anything else female, was impossible for him to accept. You could say that he was pigheaded about that. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie arrived in the Wibble-Wobble solar system, found Piggity-Wiggity, and went directly to Jingle the moon where she'd have access to all of the government offices as well as to Earwax's mansion. She looked in on his sleeping body, noticed that he was more than a little porky, and then began installing her drones. She was finished by dawn, retreated to her light ship, notified Guinny where she was, and drifted off to sleep. 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

"OK, I understand why you rescued Mercedes from Chicken Island and why it was important for you to do that for Alicia," Karita supported her sister. "I'm glad that Momaka is helping you. But, if what happened to Alicia is still bothering you, why do you have to go back to Cuba?"
"To make the Secret Police Commander pay for what he did. If I can do that, not only will it help Alicia who has a teammate in prison, but it will allow me to put an end to all this Chicken Island stuff going through my mind."
"You do know that the family had a big operation in Cuba, right? [#33. Yes! Dragons Exist!] The Valkyries and the Angels were there. The Wilizy gave Cuba those chickens. Winnie was heavily involved."
"I heard about it from Mac. I don't want to mess up what the family did for Cuba, but this secret police guy is operating a secret jail for baseball players who didn't want to cheat. He's why those soldiers thought it would be OK to do what they did to Alicia. He's gotta pay for what he did."
"How's he going to pay?"
"I don't know yet. I thought you could help me on the planning. I'll do the justice part."
"Shouldn't we be talking to Winnie?"
"She's somewhere on assignment. I went to Lillian. She's listening in."
[I listen in when Winnie is planning too. I won't get directly involved unless you want me to.]
"So, will you help me, Little Sister?"
"Make that Big Sister. Sure, I will. What do we do now?"
"Winnie always scouts first, so we'll sling to Cuba and look around. We need to know where the secret police commander works and lives. Alicia's mother told me where the secret prison is and what it looks like. We have to sneak into it and figure out how we might break Inez out of prison. Alicia described her for me."
"Sounds good."
"Oh. I kinda agreed that Alicia could be part of the rescue."
"Would that be the part where we sling to Cuba and sneak invisibly into the prison? Doesn't Alicia's presence make the rescue way harder?"
"Yeah. I couldn't figure out how to do that. I'm sure you can build that into your plan."
"You kinda forgot to tell me that part before I agreed, didn't you?"
"Yeah. My memory isn't working so well right now. It'll get better."
...
"Is it better now?"
"Yeah, as a matter of fact, it is." 
 # # # # # # # #
Heaven received a copy of the following pagan-wide release one day after it was released in Hell. Meghan brought it directly to Guinny who asked Lillian, Joe-Joe and Keely to join them. 
 # # # # # # # #
From the desk of Satan
August 15, 2096

I expect that most of the denizens of Hell are aware that a Cosmos Tribunal warned us that Hell is not abiding by the Cosmos' constitution whereby all devilettes have to be treated the same as devils. Even though the Tribunal admitted that devilettes were treated very well considering their intellectual shortcomings, they insisted that we follow the Cosmos constitution to the letter. If we fail to satisfy this female-dominated tribunal, we will be heavily sanctioned. While we have ample grounds to appeal, this same tribunal says that they won't listen to us. Appealing to the Cosmos is a long process. I have decided instead to make a number of changes to how Hell is structured in order to satisfy this rabid group of feminists. The following changes must be in place by August 22, 2096.
1. Henceforth, there will be two afterlives: Hell and Hellette. 
2 The territory of Hellette will be restricted to the triangular area encompassed by AudaCity, FeroCity and ToxiCity.
3. Denizens of both territories will respect the laws and borders of the other territory. All devilettes must be out of Hell by murk down and may not re-enter before murk up. Devils must be in and out of Hellette in the same fashion. 
4. I, Satan, will continue to rule over Hell. Devilettes may select their Satanette in whatever fashion they wish. Since Hell will have the larger population, Satan will be the senior executive. Satanette is the junior executive. 
5. Hell will continue to have an inner pentagram. Satanette will select whatever form of council she wishes.
6. Since the devilettes of Hellette will be governed completely by females, any accusations that the Cosmos may make about constitutional representation will be Satanette's responsibility to address. Since Hell has no females living within its borders, it can hardly be accused of not treating females fairly.
Further announcements will be made to address other changes that will be required by the separation of the two afterlives.
 # # # # # # # #
"Reactions?" Guinny asked.
"Satan has insulated himself from any further accusations that he is not following the constitution of the Cosmos," Lillian offered. "He's smarter than the other Satans."
"Do you want me to touch base with the women who were working in the pleasure palaces?" Keely asked. "We could encourage them to form a selection committee and then get on it."
"Avoid any incursions into Hell until the dust settles," Guinny instructed. "Security will be tight and we don't want to be caught in a sudden security check. No operations, no back door entrances, and no direct contact with any of our agents."
"The pleasure palace women will be doing something without our encouragement," Lillian reacted. "It's an excellent chance for them to influence at least a part of Hell. I like what I heard in this announcement."
"We shouldn't make any judgments until we see all the announcements," Joe-Joe warned.
 # # # # # # # #
Two feminine voices were commenting on Satan's announcement. They were sitting together in a PUS car at the time.
"Did you find a cave?"
"Yes, in ToxiCity. You?"
"FeroCity. We can still come in to our jobs. PUS has a good schedule."
"Until he cuts off our use of PUS unless we kiss his butt."
"We need somebody strong for Satanette."
"The name alone makes me want to puke."
"Do you agree that it can't be any of us executive assistants?"
"Yeah. We need to keep those positions. We have influence in three different sindustries now. We worked too hard to lose that."
"What kind of person do we want for Satanette?"
"Satan is proving to be smart. We need somebody smarter than him."
"She should be sneaky. We can't fight power to power against Satan. We need to surprise him."
"Do you remember Rat's old store?"
"Rat*Mart."
"I heard that his soul was the one who actually ran the store."
"Rumor?"
"No. It's solid information. For example, she had other souls pretending to kill each other as part of a stage act. She arranged to hide some members of the stage show so that they could still live after Rat died. She snuck out of Hell."
"That's a rumor."
"It's not a rumor. I know a guy who knows a guy who carried the coffin to UPS. She's on Earth somewhere."
"Those someones, are they devils?"
"No. They are souls who are working for a devils under a torture contract of some kind."
"Can you confirm the information?"
"We don't dare approach these guys."
"Why not?"
"The rumor is that she sneaks into Hell and talks to these guys. They give her information about what's happening in Hell."
"Nobody on Earth would want that information."
"You're right. Somebody in Heaven would though."
"She'd be perfect."
"Do you have a name?"
"No." 
"I wonder how hard it is to leave Hell legitimately."
"Doesn't your John have business on Earth?"
"It's not much of a business."
"That suggests that it's a business that needs a surprise inspection."
"Let's say that I get to Earth. How do I contact Heaven?"
"I don't know. Go to a church and pray?"
"A prayer actually works?"
"I never tried it when I was a mortal. If I had, maybe I wouldn't be here now." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

"Let's make sure that everything is ready. I made a check list," Karita said.
"Shoot."
"We know where the secret police guy lives."
"Check. I've been inside. He lives alone and we can walk through the walls to get him."
"We know where he works in case he's not there."
"Check. His office is at the back of the building. Same way to get in."
"Joe-Joe made what you wanted and has tested it."
[Check. He tested it on me. It worked.]
"I'll pick it up today," Karita informed Lillian. "We know how to open and shut the cells."
"Check. We haven't practiced it but I've seen them do it. It's simple enough."
"Alicia is ready to fly the transport copter to Cuba. She is not expecting us to fly with her to Cuba or to fly back with her."
"Check. I've shown her where I hid it and she has the keys. I've told her that we're using my personal copter because it might be too crowded in the transport copter." 
"She has the necessary maps to get to the place that she'll land in Cuba."
"Check. She has her own maps to fly from Arizona to Cuba. I gave her the large-scale map that you drew for her and she knows where to land so that nobody can see the copter. She knows that she can't leave the copter."
 "Alicia has the clip board with the questionnaires and pens for them to sign."
"Check. I put in a few extras in case there's more than the twenty-one we're expecting."
"We know when the shift change is."
"Check. You watched them change twice at 6 pm. The eight incoming guards had all arrived by 5:45 and parked in the copter lot. They had a quick meeting around the main security desk and then the incoming guards moved into the prison. At 6:00, the changeover was completed. The outgoing guards were all gone by 6:15."
"Alicia will finish the questionnaires before flying off."
"Check. There's been one change. Mercedes' interview at the hospital went well and they hired her effective immediately. She'll be their Emergency Room Doctor starting tonight. She'll take the late shift from 10 pm to 8 am. They were so desperate to hire her that they offered to put her and her family up at a local hotel until she can buy her own house. Inez can stay at the hotel."
"You're losing your roommate."
"It was a little dangerous having Alicia in the apartment. The portal from Heaven opens up in the living room. I couldn't peek in before arriving. If she ever changed her schedule without telling me, it could have been dicey."
"Are you still friends?"
"Yes. But I like being alone. I don't have to make stupid conversations."
"Emergency doctors must make a lot of money."
"Apparently they do. When they heard that she had worked in Cuba as part of their travelling crew of doctors, they jumped immediately. She won't always be on the late night shift. Now I know why Alicia is so smart." 
"That's the end of my checklist. We're ready."
The plan is good, Karita. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Why the emergency meeting, Lillian?" Guinny asked. 
"Prayer Central received an unusual prayer and they sat on it for three days because they didn't know what to do. We're facing a time crunch if we want to answer it."
"Play it for me."
I'm a genuine devil that lives in Hell. This is not a prank. Satan is making some changes in how Hell is organized. They are putting all of the female devils into one place far away from the main cities. Satan is calling it 'Hellette' and he's calling us 'devilettes.' He's doing this to satisfy a tribunal requirement, which you must know about. The fact that I know about this should assure you that I am legitimate. This decision to create a separate Hell for devilettes can give Heaven an opportunity. I will be in a church one week from today at this time. If you are interested, send somebody who will take what I have to say seriously. The password is 'devilette.' Go to Elim Church in Saskatoon Saskatchewan, 2 pm, Central time, August 21.
"Anything on the halocratic cameras?" Guinny asked.
 "An image, yes. Middle aged woman. Nothing else was discernible."
"Are we interested, Lillian?"
"We should listen at least."
"What are the chances that it's a trap of some kind?"
"Joe-Joe says there's a high probability of that. Satan needs to take the Cops' focus off Hell and he would love to shift it to us. The trap won't be sprung in Saskatchewan; he'll spring it in Hell." 
...
"I see no harm in listening. I'll bring Winnie back to Heaven on an emergency basis. She'll meet with this devil and we'll know if she's telling the truth or not. I want Galahad overhead."
"Even if the devil is telling the truth, that doesn't rule out a trap."
"I know."
 # # # # # # # #
From the desk of Satan
August 22, 2096

Here are further details on the creation of Hellette. 
1. Any devilette that is not currently a worker in the torture sindustry inside Hell is prohibited from becoming one. 
2. Any devilette that is not currently a worker in the torture sindustry must gain suitable employment inside the boundaries of Hellette. 
3. All devilettes working in Hellette will work within the 'service industry.' Jobs there include working in large-scale retail outlets and theme parks. Expanding those two industries is recommended as they will be important growth vehicles for Hellette's economy.
4. Devils are prohibited from establishing theme parks and large-scale retail outlets inside Hell. This means that Hellette will have a monopoly. 
5. The service industry will include services that devilettes might provide to devils including steaming, shining, polishing, and tattooing devil scales. Other more intimate services must be provided from inside Pleasure Palaces.
6. All devilettes in Hellette are required to have a Class 2 devil body, which is a female mortal body that will attract and satisfy devils who visit the pleasure palaces. No exceptions to this law will be allowed other than for Satanette. Devilettes who are not currently blessed with a female mortal body are required to obtain such a body from the Devil Conversion Center in the Personnel Cave. This addition of an alluring female body sleeve will be provided for free and must be completed within a week.
7. In the weeks of September, the SSS will ensure that all devilettes have complied with the order above through random spot checks. Any devilette that is not equipped to work in a pleasure palace will be given a body sleeve of the SSS's choice. The SSS may test that it works properly. 
8. The price for devils visiting a pleasure palace will be capped at 1000T. 
9. Devils who do not yet have a curve in their horns are prohibited from visiting a pleasure palace.
10. Hellette must construct enough pleasure palaces throughout its territory to satisfy devils who are visiting from Hell. These must be available by the end of October.
11. Satanette must be chosen by the end of October.
12. At the end of October, Satan will transfer ownership of the land constituting Hellette to Satanette. Policing the laws listed above will become her responsibility. These laws can be changed only with approval of both Satans. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 14 

Cuba was in the Eastern Time Zone, which was always two hours ahead of Arizona now that the sporadic use of Daylight Savings Time had disappeared after The Troubles. Alicia knew the time difference plus how long the flight would take (2.5 hours), and how long it would take to walk to where Maddy had hidden the Cuban troop transport (35 minutes). It was a simple calculation for Alicia to determine when she had to leave Tucson to arrive at the copter pad of the secret prison by 6:15. (Maddy had stored the ropes and removed the bloodstains.) 
Karita and Maddy could sling to Cuba much more quickly so they didn't have to leave so early. On the way to the prison, they flew over Chicken Island and saw three women harvesting the eggs. Also, they had better living conditions. 
At 5:45, Karita and Maddy followed the first replacement guard into the prison and hovered invisibly by the ceiling over the security desk until all sixteen guards were present. At that point, Maddy hovered directly above the guards and sprayed them in the face with Joe-Joe's magic potion. They collapsed as a group. They would remain unconscious for about 8 hours. Maddy was wearing a mask to protect her face from the spray if she got an accidental blowback. Karita had an antidote if necessary. 
At 6:02, Maddy and Karita changed to mortal form. Both were wearing identical sexy and somewhat revealing costumes that they had thought on. Maddy insisted on this. There'd be security cameras in the jail and she wanted Cuba to know that two women had rescued the prisoners. You'll recall that Maddy was used to wearing a revealing swimsuit. Modest Karita had to be persuaded to follow suit. Included with the costume was a mask that protected their identity and eliminated the risk of a potion leakage. 
At 6:03, Maddy pushed the button that opened all the cell doors. Karita walked into the female wing and motioned the prisoners to leave their cells and follow her to the reception area. Maddy did the same with the males. They took a count and all 22 prisoners were there. 
At 6:10, Karita used hand motions to indicate that two prisoners were to pick up one guard and deliver him back to an empty cell. Then another two, and another two, and so on until all of the guards were sleeping soundly on a prison bed. Maddy locked all of the cell doors from the security station. 
At 6:20, they led the former prisoners out to the copter lot where Alicia was waiting for them visibly and costume-less. During the exuberance that followed, Karita and Maddy walked back towards the prison. When they were out of sight of Alicia's Cuban copter, they flew invisibly away. 
# # # # # # # #
From 6:20 on, Karita's plan split into two parts. Alicia had her plan to follow while Karita and Maddy were executing an entirely different plan. We'll follow Alicia now.
Alicia had a full thirty minutes to complete the escape. First, she explained to the ex-prisoners that she was part of a rescue crew that wasn't satisfied with just rescuing them. They also wanted to ensure that no other Cubans would be hidden away in secret prisons again. She handed out twenty-two clipboards with a questionnaire and pen attached. On that questionnaire, the former prisoners were to write their name and city where they had been captured. If possible, they then listed the reasons why they had been put in prison. The questionnaire ended with five questions:
Had they been formally charged with a crime?
Did they have access to a lawyer?
Did they have a proper trial?
Did they have proper food, water, rest, and exercise? If not, explain what they did have.
Were they ever assaulted? If yes, describe. 
With five minutes to go in her allotted time and the questionnaires all completed, Alicia explained that the former prisoners should probably hide for two days. After that, they could expect some public announcements that would make it safe for them to resume their previous lives. She offered to fly them to central locations in Cuba where they were close enough to walk to a hiding place. 
After she had dropped everybody but Inez off, Alicia explained to Inez that she could play baseball with her at an American university if she wanted to. Inez asked about her family and Alicia said that it should be safe for her to return to Cuba when she wasn't at university. Inez wanted to check with her parents first, so Alicia explained the options to them as well as what had just happened. Inez would be living with Alicia and her mother. 
Alicia arrived with Inez in Tucson as dusk was falling. She parked the Cuban copter in the hotel copter pad and went inside without locking the door. The next morning it was gone. Alicia was not worried about that.
# # # # # # # #
Now, let's go back in time to Havana. Maddy and Karita have just left the prison grounds. They slinged into Havana, landed outside the home of the Secret Police Commander, entered the home using a devil's body, and determined that he was alone. Maddy gave him a squirt from her magic potion bottle and she and Karita manhandled him to his copter that was parked outside. Then, they flew him to the prison in his own copter and locked him into an empty cell. While the other prisoners were easily identified as prison guards, the commander was resplendent in his secret police uniform plus badge but minus his gun. They left the prison with its front doors wide open. 
A few minutes later, they were home. Karita began working on a writing assignment while Maddy waited for Alicia to land in front of the hotel. She moved the transport copter to a pad in front of her apartment, collected the questionnaires, locked up, went upstairs, and gave the questionnaires to Karita. Karita was busy for a couple of hours and then grabbed some sleep. At 4 am, Karita packed a briefcase and Maddy flew her and the Cuban copter back to Cuba. 
# # # # # # # #
"Mr. President, you've received a bomb threat."
"I've what?"
"Somebody is threatening to set off a bomb. A Cuban military transport copter is parked in your garden. It has a big sign on the window. BOMB THREAT! I can see a briefcase with a sign on it."
"What's it say?" 
"Deliver this to the president now!"
"It's in English?"
"Yes." 
"Do you understand English?"
"Yes, Sir."
"Why is the brief case still in the copter?"
"It could be a bomb. I cannot bring a bomb to you."
"Take me to the copter."
 El presidente noticed that the copter door was unlocked, so he climbed in, sat in the pilot's seat and opened the briefcase. The guard had already scurried away. The briefcase held three large envelopes. Each one was unsealed. The top envelope had writing on the front. Read me first. So, he did. When he reached the bottom of the third page, he frowned and looked at a clock. Then he too scurried away, but closed the briefcase first so that he wouldn't lose any of its contents on the way to his office. 
You will be wondering about the bottom of the third page. Here's what was there.
Mr. President: You have read what I will be revealing to the people of Cuba at noon today. I have documented how your secret police have arrested twenty-two citizens and imprisoned them, without trial or legal representation, inside a secret prison. All have been assaulted in some form or another. The reasons for their incarceration were not criminal in any way. They had simply complained about some aspect of Cuban life.
This 'crime' meant that they had to disappear forever so that other citizens would know that complaining meant disappearing. As part of my report, you will see that I have revealed the location of that prison. I have also revealed that the commander of your secret police is locked in a cell in his secret prison along with the guards. I have also revealed that the prison door is unlocked. 
You cannot stop me from releasing my exposé. You have a chance to get in front of what will be an explosion of anger by your citizens. Use that time wisely. The people who used to be in that prison will come out of hiding soon and will tell their story. Envelope #2 gives you an advance look at what they'll be saying.
Your people are counting on you to do the right thing. If you don't, I'll release my own copy of the contents of the second envelope in its entirety. I'll also publish the contents of Envelope #3. 

Fanny Fandigity. 
# # # # # # # #
You're probably wondering what else was in the briefcase besides Fanny's column. Envelope #2 contained the questionnaires that the prisoners had completed. But it was the third envelope that the president feared the most. This envelope contained the letter Alicia had written to herself detailing everything that had happened to her from the final baseball game to when she escaped. Maddy told Alicia that this letter would probably bring some harsh justice to the commander of the secret police and perhaps, to the secret police as well. When she asked Alicia for permission to include it in the bomb package, Alicia agreed. When Momaka said that the letter would be therapeutic, she was right. Alicia never had those violent dreams again.
What you're probably not expecting is the president's reaction to Alicia's letter to herself. In the first day of Fanny's exposé, he concentrated on arresting all of the secret police that had been involved with the innocent people in the prison. On the day after Fanny's exposé was published, he released Alicia's full story. The emotions of the citizens were so strong, that the president was able to propose a new law that the government approved with no dissenting votes.
Henceforth, Cuba will have no secret police and no secret prisons. 
The future of Cuba changed after that.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

Saskatoon is the largest city in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The province is famous for.... well, famous for nothing I suppose. It sits in the middle of the prairies which are known for.... well nothing I suppose. Being flat is nothing to write home about. When people had those old fashioned motor vehicles, Saskatchewan was famous for the number of drivers who feel asleep at the wheel from not being able to see anything other than wheat. That was the view no matter which direction you looked. One time a basketball player parked his 6'8" frame in the middle of road, raised his hands and waved them. A couple in a car thirty miles away could see him and waved back. 
Saskatoon was named after the saskatoon berry. Not to be outdone, Blueberry Manitoba was named after the blueberry; Raspberry North Dakota was named after the raspberry; and Ugly Alberta was named after the wife of King Albert whose wife was not known for her looks. Yes, I made those facts up, but not the origin of the name of Saskatoon. 
Life on the prairies can be boring and you have to generate your own entertainment. Saskatchewan had a contest once to determine their provincial grass. They decided on Needle and Thread grass. Yes, there is such a grass and yes it's the official grass of Saskatchewan. It's the most common grass around the village of Sewing, Saskatchewan. I made that village up. Here's another interesting fact. The town of Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan was named after a moose's jaw. Bet you didn't see that coming. 
None of these highlights of the Saskatchewan culture were on the mind of a young woman sitting in the back pew of the Elim Church. She was wearing black boots, black tights, black skirt, and a black top. To complete the ensemble, she had black hair and a black eye. I lied about the eye. At 2 pm, she heard the door to the church open and turned around to see who was there. She saw a young woman wearing white boots, white tights, white skirt, white top, blonde hair, and white skin. Hell and Heaven must have had travelling uniforms, or perhaps they just wanted to be sure that an unknown stranger would recognize them and where they came from. Winnie closed the door, locked it, and uttered the password. "Devilette." 
She approached the one pew in the church that was occupied, motioned the sitting occupant to stand, and said, "Hug." The hug was awkward. So was the deep inhale that both made during the hug. Wart hogs have greeted each other more warmly. Winnie smelled sulphur; the other guest in the church smelled the clumps of cinnamon that Winnie had in her pockets. 
"You can call me Angela," Winnie said. She walked up the aisle to the next pew, sat at the far end, and turned sideways so that she could see the as yet unnamed guest. 
"You can call me .... Hungry," the guest said. Hungry hasn't anticipated that there would be an exchange of names. Nor had she anticipated that this mortal body would have certain needs that would have to be satisfied soon. She hadn't been inside a mortal body for a long time. She sat down at the opposite end of the pew and turned sideways.
"You asked for this meeting," Winnie said.
"Will you take what I said in my prayer seriously? What I said in my prayer is true." 
"I know about the tribunal. You may have information that I don't have, but I will listen to you with an open mind."
Hungry leaned forward and pulled a sheet of paper out of her right boot. "This is a copy of a pan pagan announcement that Satan made a week ago. There are copies of this all over Hell. Read it."
[We'll skip this part. You know this already.]
Winnie finished reading, leaned over the back of the pew and held out the paper. Hungry returned it to her boot. "Satan does not share information often. My colleagues and I cannot understand the full impact of what's in this announcement. Would you answer some questions?"
Winnie nodded.
"What's a Cosmos? What's a tribunal?"
"Earth is a planet. There are thousands of populated planets in what we call outer space. The Cosmos is the organization that ensures that all the planets play nicey-nice together. Hell broke a lot of rules that all planets have to live by. The lawmen enforcing the rules are called Cops of the Cosmos. One of these cops found Hell guilty of breaking some very important laws. Hell argued that they weren't guilty. Three citizens of three different planets came to Earth to rule whether Hell was guilty or not. They ruled that Hell was guilty and gave the old Satan deadlines by which time Hell had to be compliant. Satan lost his job as a result and a new Satan was appointed. Your Satan has a lot of changes to make. Significant changes. One of the laws that Hell broke was its treatment of women. They are supposed to be treated the same as men. This requirement is non-negotiable. This announcement that Satan made is how he's meeting the Cosmos' requirement."
"By giving us our own Hell."
"Yes. The women in Hell will be sure to treat other women properly. Therefore, the women in Hell are being treated equally."
"Even though male devils have by far the better jobs."
"I wouldn't know anything about that. But how the men are treated will occur in another entity where there are no women to complain. Why are we meeting?"
 "What I'll tell you now is part rumor and part fact. Some years ago, a soul was working for a very rich devil. She effectively ran his successful retail business for him. While she was doing that, she was planning how to get revenge on this devil. She succeeded and that devil was eliminated for trying to take over Hell. She snuck out of Hell and is living somewhere on Earth. From time to time, she sneaks back into Hell, meets secretly with friends, and finds out what is happening in Hell. Then she leaves. Earth wouldn't want the information she is collecting. Heaven would."
"You asked for a meeting so that you could accuse us of ... of having a spy in Hell?" 
"No. We don't care if you do or if you don't. Once we are in our own Hell, we will be expected to choose our own Satan. Some of us have been talking together about that. We asked ourselves what kind of leader would be ideal for us. We thought that this escaped soul would be perfect. We thought that Heaven would be interested in helping us to find this soul so that we can ask her to be our new Satan. This would give you a highly placed spy inside Hell."
"Heaven is not allowed to meddle in Hell's affairs. Doing that would be against the Heaven-Hell treaty."
"You can't help us?"
"Like I said. We can't break that treaty. Personally, I think you're being smart to plan ahead about selecting your Satan. What's your job in Hell?"
"The small planning group that we've formed are all executive assistants to some very important devils. Devils are lazy. They let us run their business. We have a tiny bit of influence as a result. We can't sabotage what they do, but we can soften the impact on mortals. At the same time, we have bosses who can tell other devils that female devils can be useful."
"Why'd they let you run your business? Why would they recommend you to other devils?"
"We blackmailed them with fake pictures of them having sex with animals."
"Will you lose your jobs now?"
"No. But we'll have other duties as will every other woman in Hell." Hungry leaned over and pulled out some papers from her left boot. "This is a copy of an announcement that Satan made yesterday. Read it." 
# # # # # # # #
"All of you are required now to have sex with devils?"
"We'll be in body sleeves of young earth women, but it's still forced sex. The announcement didn't say what would happen if we didn't work in pleasure palaces, but the consequence are sure to be extreme."
"You'd know better than I."
"Right now, women in Hell are in a position where we can control our own destiny. We can have our own government. We can have our own laws. We can have our own society. We can have our own junior Satan who can influence the senior Satan. I don't think that Satan realizes the size of the door he has opened for us. We thought that Heaven might put aside the differences that are inherent in our Hell vs. Heaven conflict. We are women trying to be treated properly. Think of us as women and tell me again that you can't help us." 
# # # # # # # #
The scene is now the castle boardroom. Winnie has just told Meghan about the meeting she had had an hour before. 
"They know about me?"
"They're not sure, but they had enough suspicion to arrange the meeting. I can emphasize our inability to meddle in Hell's affairs without confirming or denying what they think they've discovered."
"Does Heaven want me to take the satanette job?"
"I was told to investigate, which I am still doing. There's no point in discussing this if you aren't interested. Nobody will put pressure on you. It's a very dangerous idea."
"I know this group. Keely and I taught these women how to use the software to create blackmail pictures." [Lights, Camera, Action: #26.] 
"I know. The body that you used in that operation does not exist anymore."
...
"You erased any mention of me in the computers when I went to Halifax, right?"
"Yes. The devil I created to help you escape from Hell does not exist now. There is no record of it anywhere in Hell."
"I used my elephant leg body when we were fighting the Duke of Earl." [Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans, #3.] 
"Anybody that saw that body is either here in Heaven or buried under a rock slide." 
"I used it on PUS cars, but nobody would remember that."
"True."
"Devils wouldn't be able to intimidate an elephant leg devilette. I might actually be able to intimidate them."
"Satan would have to be careful around you."
"He'll research me. If I don't exist in Hell's databases, he'll know that I'm an angel."
"Not if we give him a reason why he can't look through your file."
"How?"
"You were part of Satan's SSS force. He assigned you to watch the members of the Inner Pentagram because they were his biggest concern. He put your records inside the SSS database but made them top secret. Only Old Satan had the password. New Satan will be able to see the title of the file, but not what's inside. The title of the file will be your code name, Huey."
"You've done a lot of thinking on this."
"Not really. I've done enough to see if it's possible for you to take the Satanette position. I'm not trying to influence you one way or the other."
"All I have to do is tell Satan what my codename was and he'll buy the story. He'll think that he has an undercover agent inside Hellette. I can feed him false information."
"You could."
"I could still run my janitors."
"It would be best if you picked one to be the leader who reported to you."
"If he asked about the inner pentagram devils, I'd know more about them than he would."
"You were a very good spy. You tried to warn Old Satan, but he didn't believe you."
"What do you think?"
"Your strength is your business background. So, you could run Hellette as a business. But, what you really want to do is fight misogyny in Hell. You can find a way to do that while hiding under the cover of an obedient service industry. Generate a lot of revenue from the devils. If Hellette is successful, and Hell is going broke, you'd become the power broker. Changes can only be made with mutual assent. Don't agree to anything he wants unless he pays through his snout one way or another." 
"Negatives?"
"None as far as the job is concerned, in my opinion. You're perfect for it. But you have a daughter. You can't be Satanette and a mom at the same time."
 "If I were interested and wanted more information, is there a way to meet with this Hungry devilette?"
"She told me that she was living in Ferocity and liked to enjoy a coffee in the local StarTormentts at 9 pm. She'll be there every night for two weeks. She'll have a plate of sugar coated doughnuts in front of her."
"Why did she think of that?"
"She was hungry. After our talk, I took her to Saskatoon's Timmy's. She liked them. She liked them a lot. They're my favorite too."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 16

Satan was enjoying a great week. The response to his announcement that devils could have a limitless amount of sex with devilettes in mortal bodies made him an instant hero. You could say that it had made him a god, but you couldn't say that in Hell without having your mouth scoured out with a chain saw. Suffice it to say that Satan was now the most popular Satan in Hell's history. Among devils.
It was difficult to say how the devilettes had received the news. There were no organized protests, so they were not challenging his ruling. All of the devilettes were now living in the boonies where they'd effectively be imprisoned for the rest of their afterlives. The lines into the Personnel Cave where they'd receive their mortal body were long but peaceful. The lines of devils waiting for them to come out in their new bodies were even longer, but boisterous. At a maximum cost of 1000T, guaranteed sex was now cheaper than a Big Mac meal with a six pack of sugar-coated doughnuts. [I should never write when I'm hungry.]
Satan's intercom buzzed.
"What?"
"Mammon is here for his appointment."
"Send him in."
 # # # # # # # #
"I told you that I would let you afterlive in Hell if you could find a way to get Heaven to help us make the plastic disappear. If you couldn't do that, I would offer them your puny little body for their help. I'm sure they'd have ways to thank you for all the wars you started back when you were a real devil."
Mammon had nothing to say. 
"So, did you think of another way to enlist Heaven's help?"
"They won't agree to take me because they won't be able to get rid of the plastic either. When they admit that, we'll have grounds for appeal."
"What if I offer them twenty years without any major wars if they help us?"
"It won't make any difference. They can't get rid of the plastic."
"We'll see. I'll make a call. In the meantime, I can't have you wandering around Hell with nothing to do. Do you know that the tribunal complained that the sanitary conditions in Hell were gross violations?" 
"There's nothing wrong with our sanitary conditions."
"Inspectors will be coming to Hell soon. They will tell us what to improve and how long we will have to do that. You're now in charge of improving our sanitary conditions. You can't use devilettes to do that. They'd stink up the pleasure palaces." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Ma'am, the piebald phone is ringing."
"Bring it in." 
...
"Satan, what can I do for you?"
"Queen Guinevere, I'll make this quick. You'll know that Hell is required to clean up all the plastic in Earth's oceans and get rid of it. We're having some difficulty in determining how to get rid of it. Do your scientists know how to do that?"
"Yes."
 "I'd like to propose that the two of us engage in a cooperative venture."
"The last time that I read the tribunal's ruling, there was no mention of cooperation. Hell was entirely responsible for the clean up."
"I'm sure we'll find a disposal solution, but that could take some time. Cooperation would allow us to clean up those oceans. That would benefit Earth."
 "We can wait. I've been looking at the trident design of your spaceships. Our scientists have plans to convert them into functioning trade freighters. Is it true that their maximum speed is Warp 1?"
"If we work together, Earth's weather patterns would improve. The winds could carry rain inland. The mermaids could seed your oceans with stock. Mortals would begin to experience a much better life."
"They'll experience a much better life when the Cosmos cuts their funding to Lucifus and they abandon you. "
"That's not going to happen. I know a way to make mortal life better immediately as part of a side agreement between you and me."
"I'm listening."
"In return for you cooperation in helping us to dispose of the plastic, we will guarantee you that there won't be any wars on Earth for a decade."
"Is that old geezer Mammon still afterliving?" 
"Yes, and he has ambitious plans. I'm currently holding him back."
"There haven't been any wars for decades. I thought that he had crumbled into dust. "
"No, I spoke with him earlier today. He's thinking of the Middle East."
"Good luck with that. Good luck with any warfare. I don't have to agree with anything for peace to continue for a decade. You gotta make this worthwhile for us."
"Mammon is talking about going to Earth to scout out possible battle grounds. I could tell you when and where he'll be. You'd be able to do anything you wanted to him."
"His presence will be another violation of our treaty. Are you sure you want to do that?" 
"I'm sure there's room for a little cooperation that would benefit Earth, Heaven and Hell."
"You want cooperation? I offered you our plastic skimmers in August and you didn't respond." 
"Why don't I manufacture the skimmers ourselves?"
"You can't manufacture them because I have filed the patent of our skimmers with the Cosmos patent office. All planets can use their knowledge and skills to design products that they consider to be their own. If another planet chose to steal the design, that would be a major violation of Cosmos laws. I was thinking of renting them to you, but not now."
...
"There's a second reason you don't want to steal our ideas. The design is dependent on the skimmers operating under artificial intelligence. They are smart robots that can operate day and night. Your scientists don't have the smarts to recreate the design."
 # # # # # # # #
Night in Piggity-Wiggity's Jingle moon. Winnie used her devil body to walk through some very secure walls. She converted to her mortal form and sat down in the chair in front of Earwax's computer. She used his password (obtained through drone surveillance) to log in. A few clicks later, she had gained access to the computer's operating system. A few clicks later, she said, "What the heck is this? I can't understand a thing!" 
Back in her light ship, Winnie searched the ship's library until she found: A Dummy's Guide To learning the Cosmos Programming Language. She started to read. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

It's time for the last of Satan's pan-pagan announcements. 
 # # # # # # # #
From the desk of Satan
August 29, 2096

Further to the separation of Hell and Hellette. 

1. Female souls arriving from the Sorting Station will be tortured for a maximum of three years. At the end of three years, they will not serve on Earth as demons where their incapacity to torture effectively is holding male demons back. Instead, they will be sent to Hellette. What happens to them there is up to Satanette.
2. Satan's Secret Service will continue to maintain files on all devils and devilettes. They will maintain order in Hellette as necessary. 
3. The Bank of Hell will keep two distinct sets of books: One set will record revenue and expense transactions for Hell; the other for Hellette. Satanette will be responsible for generating enough sincome to pay Hell expenses for use of our resources. Since Hellette will not be torturing mortal souls, they will receive no portion of Cosmos-based funding. 
4. Hell will continue to adjust devil bodies according to the amount and quality of the torture they inflict on mortals. Since devilettes will not be torturing mortals, they will not receive any horn size increases. Over time, their horns will diminish and eventually disappear. 
 # # # # # # # #
"It's clear what Satan is intending," Keely said. "Drive Hellette into bankruptcy."
"Did you pass this announcement on to Meghan?" Joe-Joe asked.
"Yes. I saw her read it. She didn't look concerned by what Satan is doing."
"Look like she's not going to take the job," Lillian surmised.
"I don't see how she could," Keely responded. "I never could have handled being in Hell if I had had a kid. She might be interested after her daughter is on her own. But, not now."
"How old is the kid?" Joe-Joe asked.
 "Her name is Debbie-Lyn and she'd be about 7 years old," Guinny answered.
"No way is she taking that job," Keely predicted.
 # # # # # # # #
Meghan walked into Ferocity's Timmy's at 9 pm. The place was deserted except for the clerk behind the counter and five devilettes sitting at a large table in the corner. She looked more closely. Each of them had a plate of sugar-coated doughnuts in front of her. Meghan walked to the table and sat in an empty chair. "Those will get stale if you leave them for too long."
The five picked up a doughnut and nibbled. "Want to share?" One of them asked.
"I'd like to but I have to watch what I eat," Meghan said. "Everything goes to my legs."
Indeed, her legs were monstrous, considering her skinny crocodile body and her small furry rat face. You might say that they were elephantine.
"I wasn't expecting five of you."
"We've had a chance to have a large meeting. Some of us did some organizing and everybody agreed that we should have a say in who our leader will be. We were chosen to be the selection committee."
Another added. "We'll ask you some personal questions first."
"OK," Meghan agreed. "The three of you across the table will ask questions as you've already decided. The two of you sitting on my side of the table will ask questions as though you were Satan interrogating me."
"Why?"
"The answers will probably be different. Who's going first?"
 # # # # # # # #
"I was chosen to go first. Do you want my name?"
"You would give your name to a stranger that could very well be a member of the SSS?"
"Oh. We believe that you were in Hell as a soul. What was your name?"
"My soul name was Meghan."
"Who was your master?"
"Rat Buboni."
"Tell us something about Rat that we might not know."
"Rat had a peculiar way of walking. He had trouble putting weight on the cowboy boots that he wore. Those cowboy boots had six-inch lifts in them. He couldn't put weight on his hooves because the clefts were inflamed. I was the one who rubbed the moisturizer cream into the clefts. I was also the person who put ground up glass into that cream."
 # # # # # # # #
"My turn. Rat had a retail store. His soul had duties in that store. What were your duties?"
 "Rat had no idea how to actually run a store. He conceived of the idea of the check out booths and then turned the store over to me. I did everything."
"Tell us something about that store that only the real Meghan would know."
"I ordered Easter eggs and put them near the tills where we'd get some impulse buying. Satan came to our grand opening after Rat gave him a huge bribe. Before he went through the checkout booth, I turned it off so that he'd get away with shoplifting. Satan looked at the Easter eggs and I could see that he knew what they were. He pocketed some. I expect that selling Easter eggs to devils was going to come back and bite Rat."
 # # # # # # # #
"My turn. I was in that store and I watched the stage show where souls were being killed and mutilated. Was that show real?"
"It was completely bogus. The souls were former gymnasts and magicians. They had fake blood and fake arms. There were real injuries from all of the physicality, but we had a health restorer from HISS in the backroom."
"You disappeared. Where'd you go and how'd you get out of Hell?"
"You don't need to know that." 
"Wherever you went, we understand that you come back from time to time. Why?"
"I don't know what you're talking about. Satan's turn." 
 # # # # # # # #
"What's your name?"
"You have me in your SSS files as Huey."
"You're a member of the SSS?"
"Yes."
"The SSS had a devilette in its ranks?"
"I was not in the ranks. I was operating independently. Old Satan chose me for the SSS because of my build. He figured that nobody would suspect that a devilette would be an SSS member."
"What will happen when Satan researches you in the SSS files."
"Old Satan wasn't dumb enough to let the information on me findable. New Satan will find my folder, but won't be able to open it. Only Old Satan knew the password."
 # # # # # # # #
"My turn. What was your assignment with the SSS?"
"I watched the members of the Inner Pentagram. I was supposed to warn Satan of any impending threats, like a coup d'état. 
"Who have you watched?"
"Asmodeus, Belphegor, Leviathan, and Berith. I also watched Lord Percy."
"I'm Satan. Tell me something about those devils that I will be able to check and then know that you were actually watching them."
"Asmodeus had a mortal daughter from one of his holidays on Earth. She had an apartment in his office complex. That information is not widely known." 
"Why didn't you warn him about the tribunal?"
"I did. He didn't believe me."
"How do we know if you're Meghan the soul or Huey the undercover agent?"
"You don't know. I could be either. I could be both. You need to think up some different questions."
 # # # # # # # #
"How should we fight having to serve in the pleasure palaces?"
"You can't fight it. Don't even try. Let him think that he has beaten you."
"But, we're not prostitutes."
"Just because devils come to Hellette for the pleasure palaces, that doesn't mean they're going to get into one of them. You have the ability to create local laws, for example ensuring proper hygienic safety. Entry into a pleasure palace will be possible only after a devil has gone through a 'devil wash,' meaning scale cleaning, shining, dying and so on. If you put these devil washes in the middle of a theme park, they might never get to a palace. There's no cap on the price of that kind of service. If you make the price of a devil wash very high, they might decide to attend only the theme park. For those devilettes who want to, they could entertain a customer in a palace but there'd have to be a big tip, of course."
"Satan had a new announcement today."
"Tell me what he said."
[Skipped.]
"What don't you like about that?"
"Female souls will go from torture pits to Hellette. No work as a demon, no work as an assistant devil. We'll lose all of our horns. We'll be nothing."
"Are you asking if we should send Satan a basket of flowers to thank him?"
"What?"
"He's doing you a great favor. Look at it this way. Devilettes are no longer in the business of torturing human. This is a good thing."
"So, we should be happy working in the service industry?"
"Your business isn't in serving devils. Everything you do should be focused on fighting misogyny. Satan is trying to keep you out of Hell. He'll be trying to bankrupt you by cutting off your revenue from the Cosmos. That's good. It means that you can't be threatened with losing it. It means that you can earn your own sincome and there's nothing Satan can do stop you. You'd be doing it in your own land outside of his legal reach."
"Should we have theme parks?"
"Yes. Put them next to a shopping mall. Add a casino nearby. Bury the pleasure palaces inside the mall somewhere. When a devil comes to Hellette with tormentts, he should leave with an empty horny pack."
"What about tortured souls coming directly to Hellette?" 
"The sooner you receive tortured souls, the more service areas you can build. You have three small cities now. What's to stop you from building entertainment centers outside of this triangle? Add water slides. Add cliff jumping. Entertain them and send them home without a tormentt."
"I'm Satan. I will stop you from impoverishing them."
"Satan, my dear friend, don't you realize that the poorer the devils become, the harder they will work on their mortal tortures. We're doing you a favor. We're motivating them for you."
"And all of the tormentts we get from our theme parks will go into the Bank of Hell, in separate accounts that nobody in their right mind would believe are separate."
"That one, you fight. You want a Bank of Hellette and you want your own security forces. All of the data that Hell has stored on you has to be wiped. By his own decree, you are no longer denizens of Hell."
"How would we manage our own Bank of Hellette?"
"Run Hellette like a business. Your business is selling services to dumb misogynists. Business software programs exist. They can keep track of your sincome and expenses. Rat*Mart used business software. I managed it. There's bound to be some devilettes who have accounting experience."
"What would be the first thing that you'd do if you were selected to be Satanette?"
"Change the names of Hellette and devilette. We could ask for ideas. Have a vote."
"You wouldn't change Satanette."
"I'd change it, but I would pick my own name. Are you done now?"
...
"Yes." 
"My turn. I have no questions. I do have requirements if I am going to take this job. Hellette has to be run effectively. You don't get effectiveness if your leader has to ask for permission for every new idea she has. I'll make the decisions in Hellette and they can't be debated. I may listen to opinions out of a Inner Pentagram vehicle, but I don't have to. You can take a vote at the end of each year whether you retain me or not."
"What else?"
"You can't mention anything that I disclosed to you in this interview. You approved of my qualifications and experience. Don't say anything else."
"Agreed."
"I will let Satan keep me working for the SSS as a spy reporting to him on everything Hellette is planning to do. He will be very comfortable knowing that he has Hellette completely under his control. Hellette will get along very well with Hell if Satan thinks that he's running the show."
"Is that it?"
"That's it. Are you guys planning to eat those doughnuts?"

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 18

"We brought one hundred technicians to inspect your cities and towns," the Cosmos official started. He was meeting with Satan in the Black House. "The only part of Hell that was borderline unacceptable were your PUS cars. They need to be cleaned out regularly."
"That's good news then," Satan smiled. 
"No," the official contradicted. "Everything else that we looked at was intolerably unacceptable. The environment in which your citizens live is full of health hazards."
"Devils don't get injured or ill from the environment. We do have some goring from time to time, but these are personal fights and the wounds quickly heal. We're a very hardy breed."
"The running sewers?"
"Not a problem for us. We have impermeable hooves."
"But when you walk through the sewers and then into eating areas or business areas, you track that sewage in with you."
"Yes. What's your point?"
"It's unhealthy."
"Not for us."
"What about the souls who don't have cloven hooves?"
"Being covered in sewage is part of the torture. That's our job, remember."
"Take this packet, break it open, and hold it under your nostrils."
...
"What do you smell?"
"Nothing."
"That packed contained an ultra strong ammonia inhalant. They are used to help revive people who have been injured or have fainted. They're called smelling salts. Your lack of reaction means that your entire olfactory system is dead. Were you able to sense odors when you were in Lucifus?"
"Yes."
"How long have you been in Hell?"
"I arrived at the end of July."
"In one month the environment of Hell as killed your sense of smell. That's how bad your environment is."
"If I didn't notice it was gone, that means that I don't need it."
"Isn't your sense of smell needed to smell the cinnamon odor of angels?"
"We don't need to smell them in Hell. They can't get in. When we're on Earth, we are in mortal bodies. I don't see why you're being so officious about this."
 "You lived on Lucifus a month ago, right?"
"Yes."
"And Lucifus is a planet very much like this. They have underground caves and tunnels, a reliance on darkness for energy, cloven hooves, and a scaled body with horns. Does Lucifus have running sewers in its tunnels?"
"No."
"Why not?"
"Their citizens are more discrete when they have the need to relieve themselves. That's the way they were raised. Devils in Hell have the opportunity to relieve ourselves any time we want. That's the way we do it here. It's more convenient. We save time by not having to go into a private little box. Nobody complains."
"Are they allowed to complain?"
Snort.
"That's what I thought. What utensils do devils eat with?"
 "We use our hands."
"So you're ingesting raw sewage into your digestive track."
"Should we be cooking it?"
The official rummaged around in his rucksack and pulled out two flat discs. He offered one of them to Satan. "Chew on this."
...
"What did it taste like?"
"I couldn't say. Bland I guess."
"Now this one."
...
"Same."
"One had a high dose of salt; the other was very sweet. You have no taste buds."
"That doesn't seem to matter, does it? We live off darkness."
Back the investigator went to his rucksack. "This card has six lines of letters on it. Each line becomes progressively smaller. Hold your hands out and I'll give you the card."
...
"Without bringing the card closer to you, how far down the card can you read?"
"Four lines."
"Read me the letters in the fourth line."
....
"Those are incorrect. Read the third line."
...
"Better, but you should be able to read the letters on the sixth line. You're gradually going blind."
... 
"There's ample evidence in the scientific literature that quality of life can be affected when sensory organs are damaged. Usually, that happens later in life. Your citizens are loosing their sensory organs through gross ignorance and neglect by the planet's leadership and you don't seem to care."
 "Science is just your opinion. I have a gut instinct and that instinct says the devils in Hell are doing fine." 
"Quality of life is very important for mental health. Put too much stress on people and they become angry and lash out. Or, they behave in other self-destructive manners. Ingesting raw sewage and living in an atmosphere of clogging sulpher can cause people to act in violent and unpredictable ways."
"Science again. Science doesn't apply here."
"Are your devils prone to violence?"
"Of course. That's why they call us devils."
"The Cosmos calls such behavior a danger to your own people and to anybody that comes in touch with you, like mortals."
"We're simply doing our job."
"The Cosmos has a solution for that. It's called a tribunal that assesses whether or not you are such a threat. A tribunal has just visited Hell and we have determined that you are indeed a threat to your own people and the people nearby. As the head of that tribunal, I am hereby notifying that you have ten years to correct the hygienic conditions within Hell. Your efforts will start by removing or controlling the open sewers in your tunnels."
"I'll appeal. You don't understand that we are supposed to be violent and unpredictable."
"There is no appeal to my ruling. Failure to correct the hygienic shortcomings could lead to economic sanctions. But, I understand that you have already been threatened with that. I would probably direct the Cops of the Cosmos to neutro-bomb you." 
"Neutro who?"
"It's a type of bomb that would destroy 25% to 40% of your population, buildings, and tunnels without affecting Earth. I understand that it can be quite painful. The Cosmos would then allow the survivors to try again. If they refuse to correct the shortcomings, the Cosmos would probably earthquake Hell into oblivion. That's the problem of living underground. There's no place to escape to if tons of rock fall on you."
...
"A copy of my report will be sent to the political masters of Lucifus and Heaven. You have ten years to meet my requirements and you'll need all of them." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

"Is Mirage watching the trail below?" Winnie asked Zale.
"Yes. You must have good news, otherwise why all the secrecy? Why not use the drop box?"
"I do have good news. It's a little complicated. A one-on-one meeting is worth the risk. What do you know about the seven people on this list? I only have their names."
...
"Nothing. I may have seen them, but I see a lot of people."
"They are seven of your citizens who have been acting as agents for another planet. I couldn't find any more and am reasonably certain that this is all of them."
"Somebody is attacking me then."
"Yes. Definitely. The leader of another planet is communicating with these agents directly though his own computer, which is somewhat stupid. He thinks he is safe from discovery. He is not."
"You're not going to tell me who it is, are you?"
"No. You need to be surprised by the evidence and where it goes. This planet leader is instructing these seven boogie-woogies how to sow seeds of distrust in your government and in you personally as a leader. They are to do this through personal contacts and on message boards where they can keep their identity secret. When they find people who are sympathetic to their cause, they use them to sow more distrust to more people. When they find sympathetic ..."
"I get it. All of this is happening in places that I wouldn't be able to monitor." 
"I have no way of knowing how many other citizens these seven agents have brought into their conspiracy. Undoubtedly there are more, but only these seven agents would know who and how many. If they've been recruited through face-to-face contacts, it would be difficult to find them without some draconian measures. Those measures would push more citizens into the conspiracy." 
"I'm damned if I do and damned if I don't."
"Not necessarily. You said that you wanted changes in your society. If there has to be a movement for change, make it constructive. These agents will be spreading lies. You need to capture them and reveal the planet where the lies originated. Then, you go after it."
"How?"
"Let me ask you this first. What's your professional skill set? Are you strictly a planet leader?"
"I have accounting skills. I run the government's financial ministry because if there's going to be insider crime, that's where it will start. I have a very good deputy who runs the day-to-day operations. I serve as a sort of auditor." 
"How are your IT skills?"
"Pretty good, I think. I can't program but I can use a lot of financial based software. Why?"
"Soon, something will happen that you will find very threatening. This event will allow you to discover the seven instigators on your planet. When you have solid evidence of what they've been doing, bring in a justice to investigate. A search through the computers of these seven will reveal their complicity. If those computers have been wiped, ensure that the justice's technicians examine your planet's mail servers and mail servers archives. Are you aware of the existence of those?"
"No."
"Every thing that your citizens do on a computer is recorded and stored by your IT department. They do regular backups of every piece of data. Those back ups will be archived. If you receive an email, that incoming email and your outgoing email will be stored on an email server. If you print something, that something will be stored on the printer. Most people in a bureaucracy don't understand that the nasty email you just sent is stored and can be easily found."
"That means that the emails that this planet has been sending to its seven conspirators can be found."
"Yes. They can be found in your computers and in the computers of the other planet. Use the problem with those conspirators to bring in a Cosmos justice and his team of investors to find those emails. Who is most senior? A Tribunal Leader or a Justice?"
"A Tribunal Leader."
"Use that as necessary. You don't want to interfere in his investigation, but you do want to be present during his investigations. You know how carefully you had to tread when you investigated Satan. This justice will have to do the same. Use your seniority to give him a backbone. You'll know that you've found everything you need to find when he uncovers three mind-blowing files. This discovery will prompt a formal inquiry of the other planet's leader under the truth ray. If necessary, have him agree let you share truth ray interrogation duties."
"Three mind blowing files?"
"Yes. They are there to be found. Don't let him stop searching until somebody on this team finds them."
"Will you be around?"
"No, I have issues to deal with back home. Send Guinny CWO messages if you like. I can be here quickly if you need me." 
# # # # # # # #
"You look like Hell, Meghan."
"Tell me something I don't know, Winnie." 
"You could have slept upstairs."
"Nah, that's your private space. I converted to a shoulder demon and slept on an armchair in the boardroom. Shoulder demons actually get a good sleep."
"So if you had a good sleep, why do you look like Hell?"
"Will you answer a question that you might not want to answer?"
"Yah." 
"I don't want you to sugar coat it. I want the blunt truth."
"OK."
"Do you think that I'm mother material?"
"We're talking about Debbie-Lyn now?"
"Yes."
"I know that you were able to get through what Rat did to you because of love for her. I know that you have spent your money buying a home for her, your sister, and her kids. That sounds like being a good mother to me. This is all about the Satan position in Hellette, right?"
"Yeah. I went down there and had a meeting with Hungry and four others. They interviewed me for the job. They offered it to me three days ago. I don't know what I should do."
"I thought you'd have trouble with that job. You wouldn't be able raise Debbie-Lyn."
"I can't do that now."
"What?"
"Winnie, I messed up. I messed up real bad."
"Huh. What do you want from me?"
"Be a friend. Not a boss."
[I'm not supposed to be a friend. .... Screw that!] "I'll be your friend."
"You'll be blunt?"
"Yes, I will." 
"How'd you like to get some fresh doughnuts?"
"Bluntly, I'd like that. Why?"
"When I'm stressed, I crave sugar. I went through six cartons yesterday."
"I go the ice cream route."
"Where's the closest Timmy's."
"I know of a portal exit one block away. Grab my hand." 
# # # # # # # #
"My goodness, you just inhale them."
"I know. I look idiotic."
"You have sugar stuck to your lips."
"I do that deliberately."
"Why?" 
"The doughnut is great, but licking sugar off your lips is like having a dessert on top of a dessert. Try it. Rub this sugar coated doughnut all over your lips."
...
"Now, eat it as quickly as you can."
...
"Now, we can talk. If we need a little sugar, lick it off your lips."
"It is tasty. I'll give you that."
"We're in an empty Timmy's. I have four more cartons if I need them."
"Are you ready to talk now?"
"Yeah. Do you remember how I was really focused when I was going after Rat? He could do anything he wanted and I wouldn't respond."
"You were amazing."
"That experience made me very tough. And when I was planning and running the store, I enjoyed it. It was a challenge. And the closer I got to springing the trap on him, I was... I dunno, on an adrenaline high, I guess."
"Operations are like that. The danger has your body at peak efficiency. It's natural. There's nothing wrong with that."
"When you're on an operation, there's nothing wrong. I enjoy the operations I've had with you. I wish there were more. I understand that you need me the most when we're in Hell. So, when you have nothing for me, I get bored. I'm not collecting debts any more, so when you don't need me, I become very frustrated from the boredom."
"That's understandable."
"Winnie, I'm not a nice person when I'm frustrated. You don't see that person. My sister does. So does Debbie-Lyn. When I don't have any operations in Hell, I choke up with anger and it spills out. I haven't hit Debbie-Lyn, but she's frightened of me. I have no patience. She complains about her friends and people who are picking on her at school. I'm thinking that she should just suck it up. I can't stand people who complain about little bits of pain. I know she's a kid. I know I'm wrong. I can't change what I'm feeling."
 "You saw so much torture in Hell, that you learned to ignore it. It never happened."
"Yeah. I'd be tortured one night, and the next morning I had forgotten about it. Pain is nothing. Forget it. That's how I survived Rat's tortures. It means that I now have no feelings of sympathy for anybody. Not even for my daughter. I can't fake any sympathy."
"This is not your fault. You went through an experience that nobody should have gone through."
"Inflicting my anger on my daughter IS my fault. I own that. I couldn't explain what happened to me to my sister. We're effectively divorced now. She doesn't want me in the house. She doesn't want me anywhere near Debbie-Lyn. She will be her mother from now on."
"That's harsh." 
"I deserve it. I am not a good mother and I have to accept that."
"How's that going for you?"
"It's another kind of torture. I'm sucking it up."
"The Satanette job?"
"I can do that. After our talk, I thought of a lot of specific things I could do to use my business background to expand their businesses. I know how we can keep our financial information away from Satan. We'll need to do that because we'll be stripping those devils bare of their tormentts. I can explain to Satin how that's a good thing. I'm excited about being undercover in Hell. I want to do that. I need to do that."
"And you feel guilty about deserting your daughter."
"You got it. Have a doughnut as a reward."
"Shall we sugar coat our faces again?"
"I thought you'd never ask."
# # # # # # # #
"There's another way of looking at your problem, Meghan."
"Such as?"
"Cassie went through similar experiences as you did as a child and as a spirit. I was with her when she was getting her revenge. She became tired of it. She never did suffocate her last victim. Now, she's perfectly normal for a horny spirit."
"I won't ask for details."
"I wouldn't give them anyway. Paula was horribly abused by her husband. She's a little different from Cassie in that she's not an aggressive person. But her husband met justice and Paula helped in that. She shows no trace of problems from her experience. She's with her daughters and granddaughter regularly."
...
 "Kashmira was abused by her father who hid in a vault. She dropped rats into his vault so that they'd eat him. Her father met justice and she knows that she helped bring that to him. She has a baby now, and a loving husband, and apart from the times that she sings perverts to death, she's perfectly normal."
"We're all imperfect?"
"Yes, but that's not the point I'm making. Cassie, Paula and Kashmira got closure. You got closure on Rat. You didn't get closure on Hell. Perhaps, that's why you need to go to Hell and be Satanette. You have unfinished business. You're going to bring justice to Hell, or at the very least, to the symbol of Hell that is Satan."
"I can handle losing Debbie-Lyn. I know that I'm bad for her." 
"Will you still be bad for her when you get closure? You can leave Hell anytime you want for short visits. Nobody in Hell will know."
"Birthdays? Special events?"
"Stay in her life as much as you can. Show her how to eat doughnuts." 
# # # # # # # #
"Admiral Galahad, Trident.1 is powering up."
"Thank you, Sensors."
...
"All crew of Heaven.1. Prepare to leave base in 15 minutes."
...
"Navigator, set in a course for Lucifus. We will follow Trident.1 but beyond the range of her sensors." 
"Sensors, notify me immediately if Trident.1 fires a missile into the sun." 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 20

September 10, 2096
To all female devils afterliving outside of Hell.

I am the woman that your committee has selected to be your leader. You should not refer to me as Satan. That is a male name. You should not refer to me as Satanette. That form of name is insulting to all females. I will not respond to either of those names. At the beginning of time, Adam's first wife was Lilith. When Adam insisted that Lilith play a subservient position, she left him. You should call me Lilith. 
Over the month of September, I will announce details of how we will live in this area outside of Hell. 
1. Citizens of AudaCity, FeroCity and ToxiCity. You will meet in your respective cities and select a mayor by September 30. These mayors will have no authority to make decisions. Their role will be to represent you on an advisory committee that will be known as The Fab Five. I will appoint two others to serve as Members-at-Large on the Fab 5. 
The Fab 5 has no authority to make decisions. They may give advice, which I can ignore. From time to time, I may give them tasks to do. Mayors will serve for only one year which will end every September 30. My appointees may serve for longer terms if I wish that. I may remove them at any time. The next year, somebody else must be selected to represent you. These members are also advisory members only, but they may serve multiple terms if I wish. 
 2. On September 30, 2096, the selected mayors will invite citizens in your area to submit names to replace the word Hellette. Each city will vote on the submitted names. All citizens will then vote on the top three names in each region. The top name will become the name of the portion of our land that is outside Hell. No version of the word Hell can be submitted. 
3. At the same time, mayors will organize votes to select the word or words that will replace the paternalistic word devilette. We are not miniature devils. We are women. 
4. Remember: By the direct order of Satan, we have been freed from subservience to Hell and to Satan. We have our own land, our own ways of running our society, and we do what we want to do in it. Female devils answer only to me. You do not answer to any male. 
I will release more details about how our service economy will be structured in future announcements. Over this next week, I will visit each city and make myself known to you.
# # # # # # # #
Satan strode into the Black House, stopped at his secretary's desk, and ordered him to bring him the piebald phone.
A minute later.
"Hello, Satan. How was your trip?"
"What trip?"
"Your trip to Lucifus."
"You're not allowed to have angels in Hell. This is a violation of ..."
"Your space port is visible from our space port. We saw the two transports arrive together. We figured they were probably the members of the Tribunal looking at the hygienic conditions within Hell. We received our copy of that report, by the way. Lucifus would have received it as well. So, how was the trip?"
"That report was prejudiced. That's not why I phoned."
"Why did you call?"
"The last time we talked you said that your scientists knew how to get rid of the plastic covering the oceans. I'd like to pursue a cooperative venture."
"The first time we talked, I offered you our skimmers. I never heard back. Now you want to pursue a cooperative venture when you never offered us anything that we could not get by waiting. We don't need years without war. We already have that. We don't want Mammon's body. What would we do with it? You threatened that he was looking at starting a war in the Middle East, which was ludicrous. Then you threatened to copy the patent of the skimmers I had offered to you without charge. Why would I negotiate with you any further?"
"We weren't sure if you really were able to remove the plastic. Would you be willing to meet with me in the Cosmos ship where they have a truth ray?"
"You're suggesting that I lied to you?!"
"Well..."
"This call is over."
...
"Is that what you wanted?" Guinny asked.
"Perfect," Winnie replied.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 21

"Thank you for coming so quickly," Zale said. "What did you say your name was?"
"Claude. I'm the senior most justice in the Cosmos. Why don't you start at the beginning? I'll ask questions if I need to fill in some blanks."
"As I messaged, I am the CEO of Planet Blue Skies. I have three children. Two of them have grown up and are living in the city. My third child is still very young. Her name is Mirage. We live on the side of a mountain and she commutes back and forth to school with a solar-powered scooter that can travel up and down the winding trail. The last half of that trail is very desolate. That didn't used to bother her, but it does now."
"Mirage has noticed grown men looking at her for the last couple of days. There is nothing about Mirage that would prompt such men to look at her. She is barely into puberty. But the same men keep showing up when she is in town. When she looks at them, they walk away, but they show up again somewhere else. She doesn't want to go to school alone now and I understand why. My maternal instinct has kicked in and I'm fearful of her being kidnapped on her way up the hill."
"What have you done to protect her?"
"Mirage is somewhat of an artist. She has sketched these men. There are seven of them. I showed the pictures to my security team and they have identified who they are and where they live. Here's the list. I haven't done anything else as CEO because anything that I did would be subject to criticism and possible ridicule because there is so little to go on. I could bring them in for questioning, and I would learn the truth. But a mother should not be doing that. The authorities should be doing that."
"You're that Zale? The one on the tribunals?"
"Yes."
"I understand your position. Cosmos-wise you out rank me, so I will tell you my plans. I have a small technical team with me. We will research these seven men starting by talking with your senior security men. If you authorize your IT people to give us access to their computer records, these generally give us good information on what they have been doing. I can have a pretty clear picture in an hour."
"I can get you access now."
 # # # # # # # #
"You look grim, Claude. I assume that you found something serious."
"I did. Our search of the email records discovered that these men have been receiving instructions from off planet. Their own communication devices were clean, but the mail server records showed a lot of correspondence to and from off planet. These men have been following your daughter around because they were instructed to map out her daily routine. This led me to believe that your daughter was in imminent danger."
"I was right."
"You were. I had enough cause to interrogate each of the men under a truth ray. Each admitted that they had been trailing your daughter, but they didn't know why. I poked around a little and discovered that these men are activists who want to provoke an uprising within your planet. They are getting instructions on how to do this from off planet. The little that I have learned so far is they are trying to do away with your matriarch society."
"These are grown adult men?"
"Yes. It's possible that these seven men have more followers. I have to tell you that the Cosmos justices are not allowed to interfere with a planet's internal affairs. I stopped the interrogations when I had a clear picture of what these seven men were trying to do. There's no evidence that they were planning to kidnap her."
"I can deal with these men. However, you have discovered some evidence that another planet is interfering with Blue Skies society. Would that not be against Cosmos laws, Claude?"
"Yes, but it is very unlikely that another planet itself was communicating with your seven men. It is more likely that a citizen on the other planet was giving support and directions to your citizens. I suggest that you communicate your concerns about this interference with the CEO of the other planet. I'm sure that he would be willing to get that stopped."
"Who is the other planet?"
"Piggity-Wiggity."
"I need to remind you that I am a walking truth ray. Are you guessing that the email contact to that planet is a citizen?"
"Yes, I am. The odds are very high that this is the case."
"If it weren't the case, would that mean the Piggity-Wiggity was engaging in some outrageous and unlawful behavior."
"Yes, it would but I've never heard of such behavior."
"Would that behavior, if unchecked, lead to unrest in Blue Skies? And would that unrest create some potentially dire consequences for Blue Skies?"
"In theory, yes."
"In theory Justice Claude, is it not your job to ensure that planets such as mine are not attacked in this manner by another planet?"
"Yes."
"So, tell me again what you are going to do next to find the location of that contact?"
"My team and I will go to Piggity-Wiggity and search for that contact."
"I'll be by your side. I'll deal with my citizens when I return."
 # # # # # # # #
 "I've notified Earwax that I am responding to an allegation that his planet has interfered in the domestic business of another planet," Claude told Zale. "Announcing ourselves to the CEO of a planet is a courtesy that we always follow when we bring a team into a planet."
"Did he try to stop you?"
"No. He knows that he can't. I've told him that I have set up an investigation in his IT department and we will have technicians examining computers throughout his government. I've also informed him that a representative of the complaining planet is observing."
"Did he ask who that was?"
"No. He showed no interest whatsoever. You will have to remain here in this boardroom. I will remain here too. I do not do any of the technical examinations. Those are not my skills. My team will report to me here. You will hear their reports. This is a courtesy due to your rank. I do not have to do this."
 # # # # # # # #
"In non-tech language, what did your tech say?"
"Somebody on this planet sent emails to somebody on your planet advising them how to create dissension. This confirms that there is a direct link between what we found on your email server and what is on Piggity-Wiggity's email server. "
"Does this mean that you can investigate further with the truth ray?"
"Yes. The techs are now looking for the specific computer that sent those emails."
 # # # # # # # #
"You were right. Earwax was directly involved. Those messages came from his computer. They had been deleted from his computer but they remained on the email server."
"Is this enough proof then?"
"Yes."
"Will you continue to search?"
"Yes. That is standard protocol. We have uncovered one crime; there frequently are more."
 # # # # # # # #
"That was not a normal report."
"My head technician is double checking. He found a file on a printer that should not have been there. The whole team is now focusing on the file. They know its size."
"Why is that important?"
"People trying to hide files will change the file name. They don't think to change the file size. My guys are searching through the entire complex for a file with exactly that size."
 # # # # # # # #
"Do you have patents that cover the manufacturing of furniture from your planet's wood?"
"Yes. We have many. Manufacturing furniture is an important contributor to our economy."
"Look at this file. Do you recognize it?"
...
"Yes. It's one of our patents."
"Can you prove that?"
"Easily. We can explain the technical intricacies of the patent. Nobody else would be able to do that. Where was it found?" 
"The techs are still looking."
 # # # # # # # #
"My techs have found three patents on Earwax's personal computer. They are disguised, but they are there. The other two patents belong to two other planets.
"This is a big deal, isn't it?"
"Yes. You should go home now. We've found everything that is there to be found that relates to your planet. We have to connect these three patent files to a computer inside the Cosmos' Patent Depositorium. That will take some time. Those computers are supposed to be absolutely safe. I'll contact you when I'm ready to proceed with a truth ray deposition." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 22

"Satin, a devillette is here to see you."
"What does she want?"
"She wants to see you so that she can introduce herself to you."
"I'm not interested. Send her away."
...
"She says that she can help you."
"I don't need stress reduction. Tell her to go back to her pleasure palace."
"She's not a devillette that you would find in a pleasure palace, Sire. She says that you really need to see her."
"Alright."
...
"My name is Lilith. I'm in charge of the territory outside of Hell."
"What territory is that?"
"Hellette. I'm the head devilette."
"How nice for you. Was there anything else?"
"I wanted to tell you that you have a member of the SSS working undercover in Hellette."
"No, we don't. No devils are allowed in Hellette."
"Not a devil." 
"What then?"
"A devilette."
"We don't have any females in the SSS. So, stop complaining and go back to where you belong."
"You do have a female in the SSS. I am that person. I also happen to be in charge of Hellette in case you've forgotten. Are you sure you don't want to meet with me?"
"GET ME PONZI!"
 # # # # # # # #
"She says that she's a member of the SSS. Do you know anything about that?"
"No, Sire. I was never a member of the SSS and Old Satan did not discuss SSS operations in my presence."
"She also says that she's Satin Junior."
"I'm not Satin Junior. My name is Lilith." 
"Sire, you couldn't ask for anything better than the head of the devilettes being an agent of the SSS.
"That's what I thought too," Lilith said. "Ask me what Old Satin assigned me to do."
"I'll bite. What was your assignment?"
"To spy on all of the pentagram devils. For obvious reasons, nobody in the SSS could know about me. If they did, the pentagram devils would know immediately and I would have been disappeared."
"That's true, Sire."
"If you were watching them, you'd know a lot about them."
"That's true," Lilith admitted. "No regular devil or devilette would know what I know."
"You could ask her what she knows, Sire. It would be a good test."
"That's what I thought too," Lilith agreed.
"Who did you watch?"
"Asmodeus, Belphegor, Leviathan, and Berith. I also watched Lord Percy."
"May I, Sire? I knew these devils."
"Go ahead."
"How did Lord Percy die?"
"Lord Percy had tried to drive Hell into bankruptcy. He died on Earth. We couldn't follow him. Heaven caught him and disposed of him. I don't know exactly how he died."
"That's true, Sire. Describe Leviathan."
"Immensely fat. He couldn't get into his hammock on his own. Two assistants had to lift him up. Once he tried to get out of his hammock on own and his leg got caught. His aide found him hanging from one foot and unable to move."
"That's true, Sire. Those aides talked about that a lot. I heard it directly from them. Asmodeus?"
"His mortal daughter sold her soul to him in exchange for letting her take care of some spawn that other devils had fathered with a mortal woman. He killed some of them and Heaven took him to the Cops. He lost."
"That's true, Sire. Old Satan charged me with defending him. It was hopeless. Belphegor?"
"Senile old goat. He went bankrupt and didn't know it. He had an argument with the Bank of Hell."
"True, Sire. I had to look at his bank account. It was empty."
"What was your name when you worked in the SSS?"
"Huey."
...
"There's no record of a Huey in the SSS."
"Undercover agents don't have a computer file that will reveal them. That would be downright stupid. I don't know where he put my file, but it has to be in the records somewhere. I was paid for my work."
 # # # # # # # #
"What's the mood in Hellette?"
"They're happy that they have their own territory. We have no plans to protest."
"If they do, tell me and I'll dispose of them."
"Sire, you should leave that to me. Otherwise people might wonder how you heard about it."
"Right."
"We've had inspectors going through our territory," Lilith informed. "Will that be a problem I'll have to face?"
"Probably not where you afterlive. It'll be a problem in the cities. They don't like the way our streets are designed. They call them open sewers."
"There's nothing wrong with that."
"That's what I said."
"What about that judgment about the plastic. I read about that in your announcement."
"I will probably assign most of your devilettes to help us clean the plastic off the oceans."
"Uhm, Sire," Lilith tentatived. "I believe the ruling was for devils to clean the oceans. We aren't devils. You ordered us to be devilettes. The Cosmos might consider that as breaking the judgment. Heaven certainly would. Devilettes are very identifiable. Perhaps we could help you in a secret way. What do you need most?"
"There's no way we can meet the deadline. Our scientists don't know how to remove the plastic from Earth. Heaven does, but they want us to fail so that they can take our spaceships."
"Do they say they have the knowledge?"
"Yes. Do we have spies in Heaven, Ponzi?"
"No. We're not allowed."
"Can we negotiate a sort of truce?" Lilith asked.
"I tried that with Queen Guinevere. She was entirely unreasonable!"
"Could you tell me everything about that conversation that you can remember?" Lilith asked. 
...
"You're right. She wants us to fail. She wants us to have more sanctions. She's vicious. There's no negotiating with somebody like her. We'll receive a more reasonable response from Heaven if we negotiate within a more formal setting. Tell me what happens when the Cops get involved."
 "Ponzi can tell you. He's had lots of involvement. All on the losing end."
"Our devils put me on the losing end. I'm trying to defend losing cases."
"How does the meeting work?"
...
"That pretty straightforward," Lilith judged. "The truth ray can be a useful tool. Ponzi, who have you been facing from Heaven?"
"Princess Guinevere."
"Tell me about her."
...
"Satan, Ponzi has been in very difficult negotiations. Perhaps impossible negotiations. When women argue against men, they are vicious. It's womanhood against manhood and no holds are barred. They're out to prove they are the superior species. Ponzie was lucky that she let you complete a full sentence. You had no chance, nor will you have a chance if Satan puts you up against her again."
"We only have men lawyers," Satan explained.
"Until now." 
"You're a lawyer?"
"I've never lost a case. A woman versus a woman is a much more civilized debate. Both know the dirty tricks and don't even try to use them. Princess Guinevere is entirely beatable. She hasn't gone up against a woman before."
"You would represent us in a hearing?"
"Of course. I am your junior Satan am I not? I suggest that we accuse them of being uncivilized. That's a broad enough term that we can throw anything we want at them."
"What will you go after?"
"I believe in aiming high. I'll get access to their knowledge and equipment that would allow us to remove the plastic from the oceans AND dispose of it. You said that Queen Guinevere confirmed that they could. I would first determine that under truth ray."
"What else will you ask for?"
"Did you talk with her about the hygienic conditions that the tribunal didn't like?"
"No."
"I'll open that up for discussions." 
"You'll ask me for permission before you agree to anything. We can have a temporary adjournment."
"Did you want me to fail?"
"Huh?"
"Look at it this way. Your opponent has accused you of doing some terrible. You say, I'll have to check back with my boss. You have just told your opponent that you don't know how to answer that accusation. Or, let's say that your opponent has offered you a solution. You say that you have to check back with your boss. You have just told him that you're interested. Or let's say that you have your opponent rattled. She asks for an adjournment to settle her nerves. Ponzie, did you have to ask for frequent adjournments?"
"Yes."
"You might have had her on the ropes but you let her compose herself with an adjournment. So, my question to you Satin is: Do you want to win or lose?"
"Win."
"So, I will negotiate and agree to a settlement within the boundaries you will set for me. You have offered 20 years free of warfare. Anything else?
"No"
"That was smart. You didn't show our hand to them. Let's make sure that you and I are on the same page, Satin. Give me a blunt assessment of our situation. I need to know what I'm facing."
"We must solve the plastic problem in ten years. We must sanitize the urban centers of Hell within ten years. I don't see how we can do either of these things. If our scientists can't solve both situations, we will lose all of our spaceships and perhaps all of the funds that the Cosmos pays us. In addition, Lucifus also might be sanctioned and that will probably mean that they will have nothing to do with us with any longer."
"That means that we're talking about the end of Hell as we know it. Would you say that if I can solve both problems without crippling Hell, I'll have done my job? We have to give Heaven something, but if Hell can continue to operate, we can recover."
"I hadn't understood that the situation was so dire, Sire. Old Satan put us in a terrible situation."
"Ponzi is right about Old Satan. Lucifus must have selected you because they knew you could make the tough decisions. That's a great confidence booster for me, Sire. I know that I'm working for the right Satan."
"I need to know that I have the right junior Satan working for me. Tell me why you were sent to Hell."
"I was twenty years old and driving one of those old fashioned cars when another driver went through a red light. I swerved to avoid a collision and ran over a child who died. I went to trial. The other driver denied going through the red light. The jury believed him. They believed him because he was a priest. He knew he had lied. I knew he had lied. He smiled at me. I vaulted over a table and strangled him to death. I was convicted of two murders and sentenced to death. I hate Heaven. I don't think Hell has a devil that hates Heaven the way that I do."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 23

"This hearing is a preliminary discussion of some highly damaging evidence that a Cosmos justice team found on a computer used by Earwax, the CEO of Piggity-Wiggity. Earwax has asked for this discussion so that he is fully aware of the evidence that we have found. My agreement to hold this meeting is somewhat unusual, but it is reasonable given that Earwax is the CEO of a planet that has long been a member in good standing in the Cosmos. I am prepared to go into a full interrogation under two truth rays at the end of this meeting." 
Claude continued. "This meeting is being held in a board room within the planet Piggity-Wiggity's government building. Attending this meeting is Zale Zilio, Queen of Blue Skies. She is an interested party to this discussion as she has alleged that Piggity-Wiggity has acted improperly towards her planet. Her accusations have led to evidence that requires discussion. She may listen to this discussion and any ensuing interrogation, but cannot contribute. Her presence is somewhat unusual, but it is reasonable given that Queen Zale is the CEO of a planet that has long been a member in good standing in the Cosmos. Earwax, you may now ask questions about the evidence that the a team of Cosmos technicians has uncovered."
"Thank you Justice Claude. I understand that you found some very unusual data on the computer I use in my office. Please describe what you found."
"We found three files that contained patents belonging to three planets. One of the patents belonged to Blue Skies."
"Did you confirm their ownership?" 
"Yes."
""Where are patents stored?"
"In the Cosmos' Patent Depositorium, which is housed in the Cosmos government building."
 "Did your team visit the depositorium and verify that those patents are real?"
"Yes, we did."
"And are the patent documents themselves still there?"
"Yes."
"Do the files record that the three planets are the rightful owners?"
"Yes."
"Did you find any link between the depositorium's computers and any computer on Piggity-Wiggity?"
"No."
Zale's head jerked up at that. 
"Was your search intensive?"
"Yes."
"So, how were you planning to tie these stolen files to me?"
"They were on your computer. I was planning to establish your connection to the files through the truth ray."
"Would it be possible for a computer expert to hack into the depositorium's files, copy three patents, hack into my computer, and deposit them there?"
"Theoretically, yes," Claude replied.
"Could they do that without being physically present?"
"Yes."
"Since I had nothing to do with this, that must be what happened."
"Isn't that somewhat far fetched?"
"Yes. But isn't it also far fetched to accuse a planet of stealing patents? As you said, we have been a member in good standing in the Cosmos for a very long time "
"Yes, it's far fetched." 
 "I have another theory on how those files appeared in my computer. Are you willing to listen to it?"
"Yes."
"Somebody on Blue Skies or employed by Blue Skies did the hacking and put the patent files onto my computer."
"That's ridiculous," Zale erupted. "What would we gain by such hacking?"
"Who can fathom the workings of a female mind? I know it's difficult to stop females from talking, but could you do a better job, Justice Claude?"
"You must refrain from talking in these proceedings, Queen Zale."
Earwax continued. "So you have three possible theories. Were you planning to use the truth ray to inquire into my planet's business? Isn't that called fishing for evidence?"
...
"I contend that the evidence that you have - namely the presence of confidential files on my computer - does not meet the burden that use of the truth ray requires. Those confidential files could have appeared there under several circumstances. You have no linked evidence at all that my planet or I stole those files. Shall we ask the Minister of Justice for his opinion?"
...
"Has Queen Zale offered you sex in exchange for your cooperation in this inquiry, Justice Claude? That's how women get their way, you know."
 # # # # # # # #
"We are reconvened. I will now record three agreements that we made out of session. First, I have determined that I have insufficient evidence to proceed with an official investigation into Earwax and his role, if any, in the presence of stolen files on his computer. Second, Earwax will refrain from making any further misogynistic comments during the meeting, and third, Zale will refrain from making unsolicited comments."
Claude continued. "I will explore now Earwax's efforts to create dissension in Blue Skies society. On this, I have established a clear link between messages sent to seven agents who were trying to ferment trouble and his computer. Do you have anything to say, Earwax?"
"Yes. I did send those messages and they were intended to create dissension." 
"You're confessing?"
"Yes. So what are you going to do now, Justice?"
"I will have to think about this."
"Of course, you could consider various sanctions, but if you go that way, I'd suggest that you tie the amount of the sanction to the cost that my meddling has had on Blue Skies' economy. Why don't you ask Queen Zale, how much their economy suffered from the actions of the agents?"
"Queen Zale?"
"The costs were not economic. They were attacks on the planet's morale, shall we say."
"So, your economy wasn't hurt. Some feelings got hurt. Some citizens became mildly upset with their government. Are any of these permanent?"
"No."
"Sounds like negligible impact to me. Thus, any sanction should have negligible impact too. Wouldn't that be fair?"
"You threatened to attack my daughter."
"I promise not to interfere in your planet's society again. How's that?"
"Queen Zale?"
"Fine."
"This inquiry is over."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 24

The room was a sterile rectangular box. A simple meeting table sat in the middle of the box. A speaker nestled inside a white box sat at the end of the table. On one side of the table, an angel sat in a comfortable chair. Behind her, a locked door ensured that she could not leave. Opposite her was an empty chair with an unlocked entrance/exit door behind it. 
A devil entered the room. She was purported to be a female, although her three-piece body (elephant legs, alligator trunk and furry rat face) did not show any signs of that. She sat down at the table, opened a brief case, and pulled out a carton of doughnuts. Letters on the carton revealed that the source of the doughnuts was Timmy's, whatever that was. She opened the carton, extracted a single sugar coated doughnut, and began to nibble on it daintily. 
"This hearing is called to order," a voice from the white box announced. "Hell has complained that Heaven is behaving in an uncivilized manner. Both sides have agreed to meet and discuss this. The truth ray is available if either side wishes to use it."
"Representing Heaven is Princess Guinevere. Representing Hell is Lilith. Hell will explain its accusation."
"Your honor,..." 
"Call me Harry."
"Harry, Hell is facing existential threats that are impossible for us to combat on its own. These threats stem from judicial judgments that we must collect and remove plastic from Earth's oceans. We have no way to treat the plastic in any fashion and place it where it is not a danger to health or to navigation. We are also operating under a judgment that we must upgrade our hygienic standards. We don't know how to do that safely and effectively. In both cases, we have ten years to come up to standard. We cannot meet that expectation. If any further sanctions are applied, we will be crippled and unlikely to survive."
"Our current Satan approached Queen Guinevere and asked for help. He was rebuffed. Heaven purportedly had the skills and knowledge to solve the plastic problem, but Heaven was more interested in what they would get out of any agreement and shut down negotiations. We argue that when two entities such as Heaven and Hell co-exist so closely on one planet, it would be uncivilized for one entity to do nothing but watch while the other entity crumbled in front of them. That is the end of my opening statement."
"Princess?"
"Harry, here's what Earth has received from Hell in terms of civilized behavior. Devils were allowed to come to Earth to rape mortal women. Humans around the globe were killed and maimed by wars that were started by devils. The Black Plague was created by Hell. They designed products to be so dangerous that mortals died. Lung cancer from tobacco is only one example of that." 
"As another example of Hell's contributions to civilization, they made a concerted effort to cause climate change and to prevent mortal from stopping it. The planet almost died. It is still suffering. That plastic they have been told to remove destroyed Earth's ability to get enough water to grow crops. I could go on. I don't have to. We know that the Cosmos' tribunal did. They found Hell guilty of all charges. Hell is solely responsible for restoring Earth's oceans." 
"When Heaven shut down negotiations with Hell, we did so because we couldn't trust them. We offered them direct help to collect the plastic. We told them that we had solutions and described them. Hell's representative threatened to develop their own equipment by breaking our patents. He further insulted our CEO by accusing her of lying. Angels don't lie. This is what Heaven and Earth have received from Hell in terms of civilized behavior. Hell has no idea what civilized behavior is. The accusation is spurious."
 "Lilith?"
 "Harry, I would ask you to describe what the roles of Heaven and Hell were when the Cosmos established our two entities."
 "The Cosmos had legitimate concerns about Earth becoming a member of the Cosmos. Mortals were well known for their violence. So, it recruited an entity that could be a Heaven that would help them to become civilized and a Hell that would tempt them to stay violent and uncivilized."
 "With that clarification, I will admit that accusations that Hell has acted in a violent and irresponsible manner in the past are true," Lilith started. "Tempting is one thing. Starting and fueling wars is another. I freely admit that Hell has been wildly out of line. Even in the recent past, Hell's conduct as led by the two previous Satans was guilty of excess exuberance, shall we say. However, the past is not the present. The current Satan has moved quickly, for example, to protect female devils from bigotry and persecution. He has given them their own territory to manage with their own leader. I am that leader, so I know what I say is true. This is a tremendous change in the mentality of male devils. Truth ray on Lilith. I can say honestly that I have never served for a better Satan. Truth ray off Lilith." 
"Our new Satan has the right instincts for solving the issues facing us. The previous Satans would never have approached Heaven for help. This Satan did. It is true that he questioned the truth of Heaven's ability to clear the oceans. But, remember that Satan comes from an environment where everybody lies. He has been conditioned to expect that. Thus, it is no surprise that he questioned Queen Guinevere in an awkward manner. He spoke awkwardly about developing our own resources. He knows nothing really of Heaven or its patents. He's been on duty for about a month. It would be nice if Heaven would cut him some slack."
"Princess?"
"Lilith made some valid points. I acknowledge that if Hell is changing, Heaven should change our behavior towards them also. We have a stereotype of Hell and Satan. If Satan is planning to move away from murdering mortals, then we would welcome that. We retain our doubts however that the devils in Hell and on Earth will change too. We will need proof of progress before we can trust them."
"I understand that. So, perhaps we should take some small steps."
"I appreciate the desire to take small steps. It would be the most logical thing to do. But Hell has ten years to solve two major problems. We can't take small steps. Harry, if Hell were not functioning, what would that do to Earth's chance of civilization status. Doe not the treaties require both entities to continue to do as they are contracted to do?"
"Princess, civilization status is dependent on earthlings learning how to be less violent. It is entirely possible that planets that were against the idea of granting civilization status to Earth could use the disappearance of a functioning Hell as a reason to reject. Without a functioning Hell to provide temptations, Earth might never be accepted. Mind you, exceptions can be granted by the Cosmos and the wording of the current contract could be challenged."
"In other words," Lilith interpreted, "it's in your best interests to help us."
"What do you want from us?"
"Do you have an effective way of collecting plastic and disposing of it?"
"Truth way on Princess Guinevere: Yes, we do. Given the disclosures earlier in the meeting, we are prepared to share it with Hell under the condition that they and only they are responsible for those tasks, as stipulated by the Tribunal. Truth ray off Princess Guinevere."
 "That satisfies Hell that Heaven has not acted in an uncivilized manner. We withdraw our complaint."
"So noted," Harry said.
"Truth ray on Princess Guinevere. We can also solve your problem with the hygiene. For that, Hell will have to satisfy us that they really are changing and will remain changed."
"Would you like a separate meeting to discuss that?" Harry asked.
"I don't need one. I'm prepared to negotiate right now."
"I don't need one either and I'm prepared to negotiate right now too."
"Lilith, you can call me Winnie. Were you planning to eat all those doughnuts by yourself?"
"I have two more cartons. I warn you, I'm not a pretty eater."
"Neither am I. Shall we use the doughnuts as a reward if we can make progress on reducing Heaven's and Hell's tensions?"
"Sounds like a plan."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 25 

"Princess Guinevere is a tough negotiator. I'll give her that. But Hell won."
"What to do you characterize as a win?" Satan asked. 
"I have solved both problems of plastic and hygiene without danger of Hell being crippled. According to what you and I agreed on, that is a success. Heaven wanted to negotiate other issues and I agreed where it was necessary to do so. Hell had to give up some things to gain other things that you absolutely needed."
"Will you describe the agreement, Lilith?" Ponzi asked. 
"As to the plastic, Heaven verified under the truth way that they had the solution to the plastic. They will provide the surface vehicles that will allow you to collect the plastic and condense it into small dense balls of plastic. Hell will provide the labor. Heaven will train devils and troubleshoot. I should point out that the skill levels that are needed to convert plastic to balls are not high. The more devils you assign to the task, the more likely you'll be finished within ten years."
Lilith continued. "These plastic balls will be dropped into Hell via PUS tunnels. Devils will spread those plastic balls in a light layer on your tunnel floors. Heaven will provide personnel to melt those balls so that the tunnels are plastic coated. This is the basic solution for reaching the hygienic levels that the Cosmos wants. That melting has to be done by angels because they have to use a heat device from above. They can fly, devils cannot. However, you can have devils supervising these angels. Again, the more devils you assign to the job, the more likely you'll be done in ten years."
"What did they get?" Satan asked.
"On behalf of Hell, I agreed to shut down your entire industry of war making and never reopen it again. Earth may still have wars, but they won't be caused by Hell."
"We were planning to give that up anyway," Ponzi reminded. "We only have one guy who knows how to do it and you put him on sewer duty."
"I'll put Mammon there permanently. What else, Lilith?"
"Hell will discontinue the production of products that can reasonably be expected to cause deaths. Mortals will still die but not because of anything that Hell develops." 
"That's a big sindustry."
"That's good. Put them to work on the plastic and hygiene projects," Lilith suggested. "The Cosmos would not allow you to kill mortals indirectly anyway."
"We haven't given up anything of value yet," Ponzi noted. 
"What else?" Satan asked.
"Heaven had heard about your plan to have a separate Hell for each gender. They liked the idea. I agreed, on your behalf, to make this change permanent. I didn't see how this could hurt you. Male devils think that you are the best Satan ever. The devilettes like the idea of a separate Hell. I don't see how this hurts you or Hell."
"She has a point there, Satan."
 "What else?"
"Just an agreement that Hell will follow the restrictions on the Heaven/Hell treaty more consistently. Also, Hell recognizes that the mermaids are members of Earth's population and are fully covered under the Heaven/Hell treaty."
 "We didn't give up anything important," Satan concluded. "That's a masterful job of negotiating."
[Make that mistressful]
"She was right about females negotiating with females, Satan. You should make her your permanent negotiator."
"Consider that done."
[Bingo!]
"I found Princess Guinevere easy to manipulate. Here's one other benefit. Heaven recognized that they need Hell to remain functioning if Earth were ever to reach civilization status. That means that we are no longer in danger of Heaven trying to destroy us. The whole apparatus of border control may not be necessary. You'll have angels working in your sewers for years."
"I'll give it some thought." 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 26: Epilog

Zale was waiting just off the trail to her home when Winnie arrived. "Guinny said that you wanted a meeting. I was wondering what had happened to Earwax."
"Nothing happened to him."
"But that doesn't make ...."
"I have two questions for you before we go any further. I apologize if I offend you."
"OK?"
"Are you a hacker?"
"I can break into computers if that's what you mean. That's kind of a secret."
"Did you hack into Earwax's computer and leave those files of patents?"
"I hacked into Earwax's computer and looked around. I didn't put any patent files onto his computer. I did see them there. That's when I knew that we had him."
"You're telling the truth."
"Of course I am. I wouldn't lie to you."
"Did you look inside any computers in the Cosmos building?"
"No. I had no reason to."
"Wasn't that necessary to establish a direct link between Earwax's computer and the computer in the Patent Depositorium?"
"No, it wasn't. Earwax's computer showed the patent file and where it had come from. That link was clearly shown. It was a computer in the Patent Depositorium." 
"Didn't you need to know the exact computer?"
"No. We weren't interested in determining the owner of the computer. Seeing the origin of the files should have been sufficient to turn the investigation into a truth ray investigation, especially with those contents." 
"Earwax said that Claude had to complete a direct link."
"He already had."
"When his team looked in the computers of the depositorium, they couldn't find the computer where the files had come from."
"Those files had absolutely been on a computer in the depositorium. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for them to have been sent to Earwax's computer. Not being able to find them is a clear signal that somebody had trashed them. That should have been enough for Claude to invoke the truth ray."
"He didn't know that."
"So, Earwax wasn't caught?"
"He claimed that I or my agent had hacked into his computer and left the files."
"Which is the reason you asked me if I had done that. He created several scenarios for how the files got onto his computer and any one of them could have worked."
"Yes. In theory. Claude gave up on his investigation."
"Is he a techie?"
"I don't know. He let his technical team do all the investigating."
"Somebody accessed the files of the depositorium and thoroughly cleaned out any evidence of the files. They couldn't clean out the evidence sitting on Earwax's computer."
"That would have taken somebody with a lot of authority." 
"What happened with the seven agents and the threat to Mirage?"
"Earwax confessed."
"So that he couldn't be put under the truth ray."
"Yeah. He promised not to do it again."
"Were you looking at his face when he said that?"
"I looked at his face a lot. He lied."
"He was warned ahead of time."
"By somebody with a lot of authority."
"Are you OK?"
"No. I'm pretty sure that my ex-husband is one of the traitors. He resented having to take my surname when we married."
"I followed him for two days. He spent a lot of time in pubs. The noise and the darkness meant he could communicate with other unhappy men. I didn't see anything."
"Horatio doesn't drink."
Back to the Table of Contents
Books in the Wilizy series

As of September 2021 there were thirty-five novels in the Wilizy series. Check below to see if you've missed any. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 




Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 


Book #21: The Champion Kisser

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 


Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 






Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 


Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.


Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 






Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 

Book #27: Bring your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 

Book #28: Queen Karita's Revenge

In this book, a brown-supremacist, power hungry politician uses her drunken army to subdue Nevada and Utah. The Wilizy use 'free trade' to defeat her. Readers will also learn about a strip-teasing jail-bait assassin, underage mortals entering and leaving Hell, Molly Moonblossom at work, the word 'gazendogalapadus,' Winnie becoming a mother, and Karita's cockamamie revenge. 

Book #29: I am the Light

In this story, you'll read about an R-rated welcome home costume, a bright light that talked, Sheila' and Stook's unwilling assassin, a pregnant ghost, a horse that could whinny a song, a female starship captain that was punished for exceeding planetary speed limits, an angel with vampire teeth, and a drug boss who wore pink panties that were far too small for him. The bra fit nicely though. 
Book #30: Cathog

Asmodeus' plan to capture Galahad, Shields and Winnie is two-thirds successful when Winnie finds out what has happened. She knows that her efforts to rescue them might end up with a trip to Planet Corpse, but walks into the trap anyway. Justice investigates Satan and Burger King but can't prove anything. They go unpunished. Spoiler alert: No cat-hogs were harmed in the publication of this novel. 


Book #31: The Coconut of Truth

Reese succeeds in his first trial by using a truth-compelling coconut. Marie's adjusted babysitting body is effective, but disconcerting. Justice offers Winnie a smoking hot time if she takes on a solo operation. This will present Lucy, Ricky, Fred and Ethel in cameo appearances before an unconventional God. Winnie solves the case with smoke and mirrors. She didn't need the guillotine at all. 


Book #32: Merly

Readers will meet Merly, a young teenage mermaid who doesn't want her father to marry her to the highest bidder. (Almost extinct mermaids are a valuable marriage commodity in the Cosmos.) Merly uses two devils, PornoGuy and Old Geezer, to illustrate what will happen to any husband if he touches her. Here's some advice if you run into her. Don't listen to her singing. She has a potent E I E I O.

Book #33: Yes! Dragons Exist!

Merly's mermaids bring watery justice to Blubber-Guts, a grossly overweight inner pentagram devil. Meanwhile, the Wilizy family sends a sailing ship into battle against Esteemed Cow Pie's nuclear tipped missiles. Not to worry. The Valkyries had their giggles locked and loaded. The super-secret agent who infiltrated the Wilizy in Book #3 is revealed. You have 150 pages to guess who it is.


Book #34: Return to Sender

In a legal battle, Heaven's lawyer (Fluffer-Doodle) defends the mermaids against Hell's Fylybstr who claims that they are piscine (fish) terrorists. A tribunal composed of a jolly green giant, a black panther, and a pink-faced humanoid investigate further. They rule that Hell has to remove all the plastic from Earth's oceans. Unfortunately for Hell, Winnie has an idea how they can do that. 


Book #35: Lilith Loves Sugar-Coated Doughnuts

Winnie tries to help planet Boogie-Woogie defend itself from Earwax, the head snout of planet Piggity-Wiggity. Maddy helps an egg collector from Chicken Island get justice.  Satan gets rid of Hell's women devils. A devilette named Lilith defeats Princess Guinevere in a hearing and, in the process, solves all of Satan's plastic and hygiene problems. She becomes his trusted spy.  

Back to the Table of Contents

About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents



