List X

By K. Weikel
Table of Contents
(In genre order)


Adventure
Discovery

Horror/Thriller
Caged by Laughter
Left It on the Floor
Raggedy Rags

Spiritual/Inspirational
Forgive Me
Beautiful
Nature’s Desolation

Sci-fi
The Beginning’s End
Every Night
The Star’s Answer
Not an Apple
Creatures of the Below
The Color of Static

Fantasy
The Flame and the Shadow
Excerpt from “The One-Hundred”
Excerpt from “The Vampire’s Carnival”
Dametria (A One-Hundred Series Backstory)
Lotus
Hans and Margaret
Restoration

Poetry
End
Blind, Deaf, Mute

Scripts
Caged





Copyright © K. Weikel 2016-2021
To everyone who 
has helped my writing grow

1. Caged by Laughter

Laughter circles around me as I sit up, my head throbbing to the beat of the bass drum making the walls shake. The metal pipes that create a cage around me hum with every kick, and the shrieking laughter almost shatters my eardrums.
“Hello, Miss Prissy,” a voice hisses.
I turn around to see a sickening clown face staring at me, it’s teeth sharp like knives and nails long as claws as it wraps them around the bars holding me captive. A crown hangs off the side of his head, its metal twisted and mangled in a way that makes you cringe when you look at it.
“Where am I?” I gasp, hearing another one of the monster clowns cackle and slam into the bars directly behind me.
“You’re below the carnivals’ stage, Miss Prissy,” the head clown says with an evil grin, his wicked makeup making him look all the more terrifying. “Happy birthday Miss Prissy-and don’t forget to smile!”
He tears his head back and a chilling laugh echoes off the walls and over the kick drum. The cage I’m in bounces once, and then a metallic sound like nails scraping on chalkboards begins to take over all sounds but the bass drum, even the clowns’ as more and more jump onto the cage as it lifts into the darkness. I look up to see the stage opening up, a bright light pounding down on me. My eyes want to close from the intensity, but there is too much adrenaline pumping through my body, I’m too scared, frightened move a muscle. My hands shake and my lungs aren’t able to hold any oxygen.
The cage stops moving and the clowns are off in a burst of energy, the crowd bathed in darkness cheering loudly.
“Meet Miss Prissy,” the head clown says to the crowd, the other clowns dancing around and doing tricks on the stage. “Today is her birthday.”
I hear catcalls and shouts of ‘Happy Birthdays’ circling the room. My stomach drops as a clown crashes into the cage and looks down at me between the bars, smiling. It squeezes its head through the bars and opens its sharp jaws.
“It’s time to give her our present.”
The head clown laughs loudly as the clown poking through the cage squeezes his shoulders through he bars. I scramble backwards, a scream escaping my throat. It lands on the large metal floor of the cage. I feel the bars against my back. He crawls towards me, his head swinging side to side, the smile he wears sending pulses of fear through my veins. Another clown jumps onto the cage and I press against the cage walls-and they suddenly give way.
The clowns squeal and howl with laughter as I fall to the ground from the cage door, landing on my back. My white dress tangles in my legs and I’m disoriented.
The head clown stands over me, smiling down. I jump up, trying to get away. My head feels light and I almost lose my footing, but I stand strong, staring at the man in the makeup in front of me.
He chuckles and pulls something like a gun from his belt.
“What’s a birthday party without dancing, Miss Prissy?” He cackles and points the gun at my feet.
He begins to shoot.
I jump up and down like a maniac, trying to dodge whatever things that are exploding with red sparks at my feet. I run around the cage infested with terrifying clowns, the head clown still shooting at me.
Suddenly he shoots, and the hem of my dress catches on fire. The clowns jump out of the cage as I cry out and try to put out the flames. They begin to tear at the dress, making it look like I had fallen into a forest of thorns. I swat at them, trying to push them away, to make them leave me alone, once and for all. This was supposed to be a good day. This was supposed to be my day.
I push again, and one of the clowns clamps onto my hand with their mouth. I scream and try to pull away, making it worse. The fire is starting to burn my legs, I can feel it.
“Move away,” the head clown calls, and his smiling minions back away from me as the flames grow, taking me over. I scream for help, the audience chatting and calling out, thinking it’s all an act.
The fire is suddenly put out as water is thrown on me, and I fall to the ground. The head clown walks up to me as another clown lifts up my torso, resting behind me to keep me upright. My head lolls on my neck as I try to focus on the man before me. Every inch of my body hurts, burns, swells. This is it. I can feel it.
“Happy birthday, Miss Prissy,” the head clown says quietly.
“My...” I breathe. “My name isn’t-”
“Shh. Sh, sh, Miss Prissy. It’ll all be over soon.” He lets out a howling laugh as the clowns crowd around me again. The world pulses in and out with the kick drum as it comes back into focus. Their body’s block out all the light and I feel something on my face. Something wet. Something strange. 
I sit up with a gasp. I’m in my bed, in my room. I can feel sweat everywhere on my body.
“It was just a dream... It was just a dream...” I tell my pounding heart. “It was only a dream.”
I make my way to the bathroom. I lean over the sink, just focusing on breathing. I stand up, and what I see in the mirror makes my heart beat like that kick drum I had heard.
My face is covered in clown makeup.
A cackle makes my stomach sink.
“Welcome, Miss Prissy.”


2. The Beginning’s End
A completed ending to the Animorphs Series written by K. Weikel

The Animorphs won the battle of the Yeerk invasion. It had started with six, ended with four.
They were walking through an abandoned construction site from the mall and ran across a dying Andalite named Elfangor. He explained to them about thought speak and the Yeerk invasion. That they looked like big, grey slugs. How they crawled through your ear canal. How they controlled you. About the Andalites. About the morphing cube and how to use their powers. To never stay in morph for more than two hours.
Rachel, the beautiful, blonde, reckless, one-of-a-kind, Tobias’ only love, died, fighting the odds against two lionesses, a cape buffalo, and a polar bear.

“Tobias. He had morphed. He was his human self once more. He’d done that for me. And because he was crying... Humans cry, hawks don’t. ”“I love you,” I said to the screen. I was” “dead and missing my unlived life... dead and Tobias was mourning.
“I tried to smile. For him.
“The polar bear said, <You fight well...>
“Then he killed me with a single blow.” Q1

Tobias, the shy nothlit trapped in the body of a hawk.
Cassie, the sweet loving Cassie that understood everything and knew what to say when times got rough, or to calm Rachel down.
Marco, the annoying smart- mouth whose impromptu jokes kept the group hopeful. And who argued with Rachel every time he got the chance.
Jake, who made all the hard decisions for them during the war.
Ax, Aximili-Esgarrouth-lsthill, the cross between a deer, boy, and scorpion, who was a prince and is part of The One. A creature who took him and made Aximili a part of him.
Ax was kidnapped by Yeerks, and Jake, Marco and Tobias went to find him. They ran into the Blade ship, a ship that held the Yeerks. It ended with them ramming the blade ship.

“Full emergency power to the engines,” Jake said. “Ram the Blade ship.” Q2

I’m Tobias. I grew up living between aunts and uncles around the globe and when I was trapped in morph, well... no one missed me. Rachel is what kept me going, I guess. Then she died. I was strangely related to Aximili-Esgarrouth-Isthill (an Andalite) because his brother, was my father, which I didn’t know until my so called ”cousin” Aria showed up, and I was read to from a file my father left me. Then Ax let me morph him. Oh, the suspense! Anyway...
I looked at Jake, and saw a flash of Rachel, his cousin, in him.
“Are you insane?!” Marco yelled. “Ram the blade ship?! We’re all gonna die!” he whined.
I could put up with Marco’s whining, but it’d be best if I didn’t complain, besides he’s saved my butt many times... and you learn to respect that.
<You know Marco... we could come out alive...> I muttered.
“No. There is no way my butt is going to get burnt by a-”
There was a loud thump as we took off towards the Blade Ship. The Rachel hit it with a loud crack like thunder.
My talons slipped off the metal and I flapped my wings for support. Everyone screamed, even the ones who were asleep in the rooms. I landed with a hard thud on the ground. My lungs were burning for air, and I couldn’t help it. My hawk body was getting old. I slid against a wall, and it knocked the air that I had tried so hard to breathe in, out.
Suddenly everything went dark... and I knew I was dead.
I wasn’t.
I was a breathless hawk.
Hork Bajar. I had to morph the Hork Bajar. If I didn’t, the impact on my hawk body would kill me. I felt the changes begin.
<Jake! Marco! Can you hear me?!> I shouted.
<Yeah, I can. You know, I wish I hadn’t left my pool.> Marco complained.
<Where’s Jake?> I asked.
Marco screamed in terror as another shock from the Rachel hit. <I don’t-oh... wait... there he is... he’s sprawled out on the floor by that- thing.>
I saw him. He was on his back on the floor. He slowly stood up, and walked over to Menderash. He looked up at the view screen then back at Menderash, and whispered something in his ear.
I got up on my large Hork Bajar talons and walked over to him.
Let me tell you, it wasn’t easy. The Hork Bajar is a big alien, and as a walking razor-blade... let’s just say it’s hard not to cut something when you’re doing something.
<Now what?> I heard Marco say.
<What do you mean?> I asked.
<I mean that they’re way over there, and we’re over here.>
I looked at the view screen. The One, the face of Aximili-Esgarrouth-lsthill, the face that belonged to our friend, which had split wide open across the bottom and revealed a new formed mouth full of red-rimmed teeth, was watching us carefully.
I walked over to Jake.
<Now what?> I asked Jake.
<That was my question...> Marco said.
I really wished Rachel was here. She would be nagging on how we could beat them, and would be all up in The One’s face. If only...
But she was dead.
Dead as dead can be.
I felt another nudge as we went full speed towards the Blade ship. Faster. Faster. Ship!
“We hold on,” I heard Jake say in a strange, but calming tone.
I was pinned against the wall, and my blades shredded through the counterfeit silver walls, and were stuck, like a fly in honey.
<Lucky you,> I heard Marco say. <While you’re stuck in the wall, we’re being thrown around and breaking ribs.>
I was starting to demorph. Arms to wings, blades to feathers, deadly ripping tail to tail feathers...
I quickly remorphed and looked around for Jake. He was struggling to get on his feet.
He let out a cry of pain and grabbed his leg.
<Oh, God!> I cried.
<What?> Marco turned towards Jake as soon as he got on his feet. <What happened?> he yelled at Jake.
Jake groaned. “I... fell on my leg wrong when we hit again,” he grunted.
<Didn’t I say this was insane? Because I remember saying that.> Marco said.
“Yes, Marco. You did say that. Just remember to shut up next time,” Jake forced a laugh.
“Jake!” I heard Menderash cry. “They’re headed straight for us!”
He sat up abruptly, “What?”
Jake tried to stand, but another shot of pain stabbed him, and Marco caught him.
“The blade ship is coming at us!
Marco grabbed Jake around the waist as gently as a gorilla could, and lumbered over to the window panel.
“Get ready Animorphs. You’re just about to blow up.” The One’s virulent laugh echoed through the ship.
Menderash turned off the screen.
<Hey! I was just about to give him a piece of my mind! That filthy, no good->
<Shut up Marco!> I yelled. He was giving me a headache.
<Hey,> he glared at me. <I’m the one holding Jake. You don’t see me complaining.>
“Guys, morph to something that’ll hold you up for a while, incase it’s a hard blow.” Jake said loudly, but not angrily.
<I’m good.> Marco said. <As long as I don’t get yelled at for the rest of the trip.>
We watched as the Blade Ship drew nearer, picking up speed.
Closer, closer we drifted. The engines were still on, but we were going slowly.
Closer!
“Close enough!” Jake shouted as the last of his tiger formed.
We swerved to the left, just scraping the Blade Ship.
I was torn from the metallic floor below me.
<Aaahhhhhhhhhhhh!> I screamed.
<AAAAHHHHHHhhhhhh!> Marco yelled.
I hit another wall, this time it was solid, and it ripped the blades right off of my Hork Bajar morph. Blood. I was losing too much blood.
Demorph! DEMORPH!
I don’t know If I did or not, but I woke up on a bed with my wings spread wide. The sheets were all torn and tattered from my talons.
I rolled over and stood up.
I looked around. A room.
There was a desk in the corner of the crowded room. Someone peered over it.
I fluttered my wings and landed on a stack of books.
The person turned around, and said, “Hi Tobias.”
It was Cassie.
<What... what happened?> I asked, forgetting she wasn’t there with us on the Rachel.
“Marco said you lost a lot of blood and that you were hit in the back by one of your loose-leaf blades that had come off of you when you had hit the wall. He said you were almost...”
Silence.
<What about Jake?> I asked. <Is-is he alright?>
Cassie shrugged with a mournful look on her face. “He has a concussion. He-he didn’t get into his tiger morph quick enough... the... doctor says he’ll be alright. I don’t believe it.”
I was dumbfounded. Cassie... the girl that has been sweet, caring, and hopeful was now...
Hopeless.
Crestfallen.
<But...>
We both just stood there, for what seemed an eternity.
<How’d he get out of morph?> I asked.
She looked at me like I just gave her the hardest question in the world.
“I—I don’t know Tobias...” she looked at the floor “Maybe his body just was used to the change and automatically demorphed on its own, or maybe he just demorphed then collapsed. I... I don’t know.”
We stood there again, not knowing what to say.
“But the war’s over Tobias.”
Suddenly, time stopped.
I was half boy, and half bird. I could speak through my mouth. The Ellimist.
HELLO TOBIAS.
“What do you want?” I asked.
YOUR TIME IS ALMOST UP. YOUR HAWK FORM IS DYING.
“Yeah. Every second of every day. So is everyone else.”
YOU HAVEN’T HAD FOOD. YOU ARE STARVING.
“And?” I said like there was no big deal of being hungry at all.
I CAN HELP YOU. YOU HAVE A CHOICE.
An image of me once again as the sleeper woke.
How I could morph myself many years ago.
I was on the dresser, when Tobias, I, sat up.
Again through the routine.
<Tobias?> I said to the human. <You should go back to sleep.>
“I am asleep, aren’t I? This has to be a dream...”
<I can help you sleep,> I said. <hold out your arm. Don’t be afraid.>Q3
And so I morphed myself again, and relived my life... the right way.
I became a boy again. I was no longer able to morph.
Jake soon died from too much stress and brain damage. Cassie and Marco took turns raising me, but Marco kept complaining about they couldn’t redo their lives. Anyway, when I’m out in the open, I think of Rachel, and all the flights we had. Of all the good times. Sometimes I can hear her. Sometimes.

Quote 1: from K. A. Applegate in Animorphs #54 The Beginning page: 153
Quote 2: from K. A. Applegate in Animorphs #54 The Beginning page: 23
Quote 3: from K. A. Applegate in Animorphs #13 The Change page: 159

3. End

Floor.
My body is on the floor.
Sleep.
My brain wants to shut down.
Water.
Rivers flow from my eyes.
Mirror.
The mirror tells me I’m not pretty.
Hide.
Can’t let them know what’s in my brain.
Feel.
Learn not to feel anything.
Hurt.
Don’t let them hurt you,
though they charge at you with knives
Sick.
If you’re sick, take care of yourself
you’re old enough to know how.
Child.
You aren’t a child anymore
Stop crying
Get your stuff together.
Matter.
You matter to me
but not to the world.
They could care less about you.
So stay with me.
Job.
Get a job
so you can support yourself
if I ever let you go
if I ever let you grow
if you ever leave.
Leave.
You want to leave.
You can’t leave.
You’re not allowed to leave.
But you want to leave.
Guilt.
I’ll guilt you
into staying.
Into loving me.
Into understanding me.
Even though you will never
and you won’t ever want to.
End.
Where will you end
if I’m not beside you?
4. Every Night

Every night I tossed and turned restlessly, seating and tearing my covers. Every night I woke up in a cold sweat, and looked over my room. Every night my brother was fast asleep in his bed, and doesn’t stir as he dreams. Every night I jumped at the sight of my closet. Every night I turned on all of the lights in my house.  Every night, and all night, I’d lay wide awake, waiting for sleep. And every night, my dreams get worse.
Panting, I stumble down the dark hall, all of the power is shut off.
A flashlight.
I grab it in my trembling hands as footsteps approach. I run into my room, my heart beating like crazy, and I fly a foot in the air as I hear blades scratch at something. I rush underneath my bed, trying to breathe and calm myself down. My heart is pounding so hard my ribs ache.
Just then, a huge, green taloned foot stomps into my room.
They know who I am. They are invading my bedroom, and invading Earth. They don’t know what I look like, and they don’t know what my voice sounds like. Not yet. Not until they squeeze through my ear canal and flatten themselves over my brain. Not until they seclude me to the smallest corner in my head, where I watch them control everything I do.
They just know one thing—I’m not one of them...
Excerpt from
5. The Vampire’s Carnival

“And stay down!” I said to the middle-aged man as he squirmed beneath my boot. “Boys, take him away.”
The goblins shuffled and gripped the man by his shoulders.
“No... please...” He whispered, spewing blood out of his mouth as he talked.
“Vanessa,” I heard a voice behind me.
“What?” I spat as I turned around.
It was Dracula.
“Vanessa, what did this man do to deserve this beating you have given him?”
He was ancient. Almost twenty-five hundred years old. His skin was paper thin, and the color of snow. His hair was slicked back, and was black as soot from a fire.
“He pushed me against a wall. He tried to beat me,” I smirked. “Tried to.”
“Vanessa, Vanessa, Vanessa.” He muttered. “One more mess-up and I will have you beheaded, and burned.”
Fear bubbled up inside me. Once you’re burned, you’re gone.
“But I didn’t do anything...”
“You’re giving me a bad reputation! Vanessa, you’re practically my daughter. I treat you like my daughter, and you treat me like your father. Don’t change that. You’re almost a thousand years old. You’ve seen how bad the world is now, and if one person goes missing, it’s more alerting than back then. You can’t just destroy someone for shoving you up against a wall. You should know better.”
“Okay, it won’t happen again,” I hung my head, and my wavy red hair fell around me.
“It better not,” He said, as he waved the goblins over. They took his long black and red cape off of him, and he stood there in the moonlight. He started to change, and, in the form of a vampire bat, took off to his mansion.
I groaned and collapsed against a wall, my black leather outfit not letting me move much more than a few feet over the ground.
“Sometimes I wish I’d never been turned into a vampire...” I whispered, and wedged my head between my hands. I wanted to cry. I couldn’t.
“Careful what you wish for!” I heard a tiny squeaky voice echo into my ear. I looked up, and there, a blue fairy was hovering, just a few inches from my face.
“Who are you?” I asked, curious.
“I am Herold, a wishing fairy.”
“But you’re a guy...?” I said, unsure.
He sighed. “Yes I am. Why does everyone say that?” The tiny being crossed his arms and sighed obnoxiously. “I grant wishes when I hear them. Mortals can’t see me.”
“And I can?”
“You’re a vampire. Of course you can, you aren’t mortal.” He giggled. “And I’m supposed to grant your wish, but that’s a pretty big wish. Are your sure you want to make it?”
“Of course!” I snapped. “Dracula’s always chewing me out for everything I do. It really tears me a part inside, because he’s practically my father. Ever since I was a baby...” I said.
Harold looked at me funny.
“He found me on the side of the street and took me in. He wanted a family, and got one. Dracula turned me into a vampire when I was sixteen, and he taught me everything I needed to know about having to be one. But he’s gotten more strict over the years because he’s afraid I’ll get caught, or give him a bad reputation, or something like that. It’s ridiculous. And he’s the only thing I’m scared of in the world! Ugh!
“You know, I learned how to kill from him, and I hate it! Every time I do, it sends a bad feeling to the pit of my stomach. But I can’t stop! It’s the frenzy, and I hate it!
“I really do wish that I had never been turned into a vampire!”
“If you insist, I shall grant it...” Herold sighed.
“I do insist! I really do! I wish you’d come by sooner!”
With one more sigh, Herold said, “Okay,” and he granted my wish.
A flash of blue light swept over me, and I opened my eyes to a large forest. I could hear carnival music playing in the background. I looked down at my clothes.
I had on a raggedy dress that was peach, and navy blue. The colors were very faded, and I could feel bloomers cutting off the circulation in my legs. I looked down at my bare feet to see faded blue stockings riddled with holes. My red hair was pulled back in braids, and the world around me had a strange dullness to it.
I started walking toward the music. In the clearing sat a carnival.
“Rochelle! There you are!”
I turned to where the voice was coming from. A fat lady was rushing toward me, and hugged me tight, crushing my lungs. She put me down and I tried to catch my breath.
“Rochelle, I looked everywhere for you!” She said, breathlessly. “Where in Sam’s Hill were you?”
“Well... uh, I was... um...” I stuttered, not knowing where I actually was in that particular moment.
“We have no time!” She waves her hands in the air and grabs my arm, rushing down to the carnival site. “The show starts in thirty minutes. Goodness, gracious, you’re all dirty! Oh, he’s not going to be happy, not at all.”
“Who?” I asked.
“Who?! The Ring Leader! You should know him, Rachelle! He raised you in the carnival!” She laughed over her shoulder as she continued pulling me to the carnival.
“I live in a carnival?” I shouted at the large woman.
“Why, yes. Oh, dear, did you catch amnesia or something?” She said, running her hand over my forehead, as if to check my temperature. “Don’t let the Ring Leader know, or he will put you on the road again.”
“Al-alright...?” I said, partially scared.
We entered the entrance to the carnival, and a tall, scary looking man greeted us.
“Hilda, you found her!” He said. “Now, I shall get the show ready for guests! And if you try to run away again, Rochelle, the ring leader—” He patted his chest, “—I, shall have your head cut off.” He smirked. “Run along, you must get ready.”
6. The Flame and the Shadow


The Start of It All
A shadow lurked around the corner, illuminating a soft glow of evil and emptiness. The flowers it passed over wilted and froze as if they were wetened and placed in a freeze with the fast forward button on. Soon winter became a lonely season, though families all around were coming together to celebrate its holidays. And the shadow, down and miserable, roamed the lands, wandering over oceans and onto other continents, bringing their winter. But it doesn’t go to every country and continent. Hawai’i only gets cold when the Shadow gets close, but the Shadow fears the day, as well as warmth, so he leaves the tropical islands alone.
A Flame starts out small, melting the ice, and everything blossoms in the spring. This Flame has many brothers and sisters to help around the world, and bring spring everywhere, but only when the time is right. It is joyful when it wakes up, due to having s slept all winter. The Flame grows brighter and brighter, and warmer and warmer. Soon, it becomes cranky, because the tiredness washes upon it as fall comes and the Shadow draws near, making it shrink up again to sleep and once again letting the Shadow take winter in its cold hands.
You see, for the four seasons, only two creatures control it. The Shadow, and the Flame. And what created those creatures? Before the seasons when the world has no temperature, is where the story starts.

The Shadow
It has been said, that long before hot and cold, warm and cool, there ere humans. It was so very long ago. There was a man who traveled the world and knew everything about it, but told no one. He kept the knowledge for himself. Now, there were very little humans in the world then, and Adam and Eve were long gone.
When he had come back to the continent we now call Africa, he saw his wife died of a strange sickness, something we now call Cancer. He did not know anything of this sickness, and there was no signs of any illnesses before he had left.
He fell into a depression, and travelled to what we now call Florida. He walked across lands of sand and lands of grass. He visited villages and countries made of sand and rock. Through his journey, his depression deepened, and he was alone and bitter.
One day he came to what we now call New York, and he was so depressed and sad, he sat on the shore of a beach and wept. He wept and wept and wept, the bitterness and anger and loneliness growing inside of him. Then he saw a humongous wave coming toward him. He didn’t budge or blink as the wave toppled over him; he welcomed it.
The wave crushed him.
Water covered each continent, and washed away many of the people who had lived on the world, creating the Big Flood.
The man knew he was dead, and his cold, solid, but empty heart and soul remained. Suddenly, the world froze over as his lost and lonely soul awoke, creating an ice age.
-The Shadow

The Flame
Many years later, a bear awoke one morning, to find ice and show everywhere. Now, back then, bears had very little fur, and that was because there was no temperature.
What is this? What climate had the bear awoken to? The bear almost froze to death, until the humans food supply went low. They’d thrown spears at the bears with thicker fur, and they scraped the bear’s skin, soaking the fur with blood. The bear passed out and found himself over a fire. Now, how they made the fire, it’s a mystery to even me, but the bear felt the fire lick him, he roared out in anguish and broke free.
It fell into the fire, but raged on as it licked his skin and the fur burned away. It is said the bear turned into a ‘‘beautiful woman, engulfed in flames.”
-The Flame

The End of it All
The Shadow put out most of the flames as it passed by, but only a few flames were left on the Earth.
The last Flame and the Shadow had a fight. Freezing and burning the world, and destroyed even more life.
A boy was suddenly caught in the line of fire.
The Flame stopped, but the Shadow raged on.
“Stop!” The boy cried. “We want peace!”
The Flame recognized the words, for they were her own tongue.
“Boy, what doest thou want of me?” The flame asked.
“I do not want it from just you—it too!” He pointed to the shadow.
“Yes...?” The cold voice was harsh.
“Please. Peace is what I want from you,” The boy said.
“How can we do what you ask, when he is cold and vile like a blizzard, and I am bright and warm like the sun above us?”
“Let the Shadow freeze you for a certain amount of time, as well as your brothers and sisters. Then let the Shadow travel around the world and take his cold with him.
“Jaaraku!” The boy’s mother pulled at him hastily.
“So be it.” Was the last thing the Flame said before the Shadow froze her.
(Some people think this is supposed to make sense, as evolution is supposed to (although it doesn’t, but that’s an entirely different story), but things don’t have to make sense to be true. how many times have you made an error, and it made no sense how it turned out right? Anyway...)
The Flame and the Shadow could never touch, or else the world would end.
The Shadow still walks this earth, grieving and hating all whom loves and all who is happy or joyful. The Flame is fiery when it comes to something she is passionate about, but she and her brothers and sisters still warm the earth during the times of sun.
But ice ages came and went and the flame would sleep until it was time for her to awaken, sometimes too hot, creating a drastic temperature change on Earth’s surface.
And her brothers and sisters were all over the globe.
Now there are over one thousand Shadows roaming the globe, freezing and cooling and grieving, but they do not converse with each other. They do not see each other through their miserable eyes.
Although you are not able to see them, they are there, and there is peace on this Earth because of one boy name Jaaraku, and his wanting peace and no more death or destruction.
If only the world was like that now: caring, happy, and no fighting and no wars. If only...
If only we were like the Flame and the Shadow...
The seasons.
6. Forgive Me

I closed my eyes.
        The wind was pulling at my hair, telling me to step back.
But I couldn’t.
        I could feel it on my back, the cold metal pushing into my spine.
I wasn’t scared.
Below me there were a dozen jagged rocks, eroding from the crashing waves. The water seemed to reach toward me, beckoning me forward. The clouds were dark overhead, and they glared at me angrily.
I could almost feel the wrath of God as I stood on that cliff.
        He was angry with me, and I knew it.
        Whether I survived this or not, I would still have the guilt weighing on me.
This is what I deserved.
        I made a life-long promise, and I broke it without a single thought. 
I deserved this.
        And at that moment, it was either jump, or die.
I took a deep breath and leaned forward. I fell headfirst into the space between the cliff and the rocky water below. Tears stream from my eyes as I think to the heaven above, “I’m sorry.”
In those words stood my life. There lay every microfiber of guilt and regret that I had existing inside of my body. I prayed as I took one last gulping breath, to the God above me that he would forgive me, and let me into his kingdom once more.
Everything went black as I hit the surface.

I wake up to seagulls screeching at each other. Sunlight shone on my broken and bruised body, a reminder from God not to break a promise again.
I was forgiven for the moment, but what about later? What if I accidentally break another promise again?
Rolling over onto my knees, pain shoots up my body. I grunt.
I clasp my hands together tightly and cry as I pray to him, as I thank him for this gift he has given. I should be dead for the sins I’ve committed, as we all should, but He has given me life again.
“Thank you, God.”
7. Discovery

I pushed the large wooden door open hesitantly, and heard it bang against the stone wall. But when I looked to see if I damaged the wall, I realized it was not stone. It was gold.
I turned around looking at the room, and saw that there were thousands of priceless treasures scattered in piles on the ground. There were gold coins, gold chalices, and even gems. I gasped in amazement.
It was a large room, though ‘large’ doesn’t even cover it. It was about twenty feet across, and fifty feet wide.
Largest room I’ve ever seen, and probably the last one.
I stepped forward, and tripped. I fell on my face.
An alarm sprung to life.
I looked back quickly and saw a string-which triggered the alarm.
I cursed under my breath, and jumped up, feeling my foot tangle with the broken string.
Voices blasted through the halls.
I kicked at the string-made of gold as well. I kicked loose, and scampered bend a pile of gold halfway down the room. I heard about ten men burst into the room, yelling in an odd language. It wasn’t like anything I’d ever heard before in my lifetime.
I could hear footsteps each time the alarm cut off and then on again. They were getting closer. Finally, I heard the leader yell at them and the footsteps went away. I let out a sigh.
I shifted my weight, behind the pile of gold coins.
The man yelled something else out and the alarm shut off.
All was quiet, and I hadn’t head a footstep since he yelled. They were still in the room.
I leaned over to the side of the pile to see where they were and I could see one of them.
My hand slipped on the coins, and they came crashing down—me and all.

Excerpt from
8. The Unnamed

“Runner,” he hears. “Come here. I have another message for you to take.”
The boy, the age of seventeen, sprints from his post at the table, where he had been taking a break from training. He’s tall and has incredibly dark skin, and his hair hangs down to his shoulders in dreads.
The old man of fifty-seven folds a paper and slides it into an envelope.
“I don’t want anybody seeing this, you understand? It needs to go to the Elite Leader. You should know where he is.”
“Yes, Master,” the Runner says politely, nodding his head. “Is there anything you want me to tell him?”
“Yes. Tell him that this is urgent, and I need him to respond right away,” The old man says in his deep, raspy voice. “I want you to stay in the building with him as he writes his letter back. If he asks why you have not left, tell him it really is extremely urgent.”
“Yes, Master.”
The Master hands the white envelope to the Runner, and watches as he runs out the door.
“One more year until that boy earns his name. He deserves it.”
The Runner sprints out of the building, and splashes into a puddle that swallows his foot whole. It’s raining outside.
Rain is never a good thing.
The Runner pulls his black hooded jacket up over his head to block the water, and slides the envelope between the Runner’s regulatory jacket and his blue shirt.
Black and blue for the Runners-it’s mandatory.
The rain only gets heavier as his legs take him farther from the white mansion and to the big red one.
It’s a five-story building with a big arch in the front. Columns run along under the roof that hangs over the outer walls like a hat. The doors are grand and black underneath the main red arch of the building. Red roses line the perimeter and every window gave away that all of the lights are on inside.
The Runner jogs up the narrow steps to the front door, skipping every other step. He takes off his jacket and shakes it out, all of the water falling off of it easily, thanks to the water-resistant material. In his hand he holds the envelope, careful not to crease it as he slides the jacket back on. Without this jacket, he wouldn’t be allowed to receive his name when he turned eighteen next year.
He opens the big, black door and steps into the beautiful room that lies behind it. An elephantine chandelier hangs from the ceiling above the center of the room three stories up, and two white marble staircases wind their way to the second floor. A red carpet is draped like a runway over each step, and the rug on the floor looks like the rare red velvet the Runner has only heard about. He knows it’s not real velvet though. The Elite Leader had told him it wasn’t on one of his runs.
Everything inside is white and red, a contrast to the black and red on the outside of the building.
The Runner waits by the doors, knowing what he needed to do, having done it multiple times before.
“Runner!” the Elite Leader claps once joyfully as he walks down the stairs to greet his guest. “Welcome! It seems as if I haven’t seen you in ages.”
The Runner nods politely, knowing he’s not allowed to say anything but what he came here to say.
“What does Elite Solver Mortimer have for me today? Or is it from a different housing unit?”
“My Master has told me to bring you this,” the Runner says, holding out the white envelope. “He wanted me to say that this is urgent, and that he needs you to respond right away.”
The Elite Leader looks concerned as he opens the letter. He begins to read as he waves at the Runner to follow him. He leads him up three stories, going through an open arch at the top of the stairs on the first floor, and through a long hallway that leads to another set of staircases much like the first ones to the third floor. The Runner follows him all the way to his office, and stands in the doorway as the Elite Leader sits down and runs his chin with his fingers in frustration.
“Do you know about the contents of this letter, Runner?”
The Runner shakes his head in response. If he speaks of something other then what he was told, there could be serious consequences.
The Elite Leader sighs and looks at him.
“Of course you don’t,” the Elite Leader mumbles heavily, leaning back in his chair and running his hands over his face. He sighs loudly. “It seems as though your Master has discovered something. Something big.”
The Runner just stares politely, listening to a conversation he could die for. All he could do was not think about it and not dream about it to keep his life safe.
“I know you’re worried about what I’m saying,” the Leader sighs, leaning forward to pick the paper up again. “You don’t want to get in trouble.
“But don’t worry, you’re with me. And as long as you’re with me, and delivering to me, then you’re safe. Just don’t go mouthing off about the conversations you have with the Elite Leader.”
The Runner nods.
“That means you can speak,” the man chuckles.
The Runner looks at him. Can he do that? Is that legal?
“Yes sir,” the Runner finally croaks, his body tensing up.
“It’s a start,” the Leader smirks, reading back over the letter. “Runner, if I may, I’d like to ask you something.” He pauses, waiting for a response that, of course, never comes. “If you held the fate of the world in your hands, and you gain knowledge on a choice that could disembody and destroy that world, but could possibly make it better, would you make the choice to go through with it?”
The Runners heart race picks up speed.
Is this a test?
“Sir, I think the way things are now is the perfect balance of life and death.”
“Oh don’t give me that,” the Elite Leader growls, placing his elbows on his desk. “You were raised to say that, no matter what you think about this world. Tell me your honest opinion. I promise I won’t tell anyone. Besides, I’m the highest of the Elites.”
The Elites.
The Title sends chills and fear coursing through the Runners’ body.
They are the best of the best of each category in the World, Base, and Planet, and live to be the best at what they were raised to do. There can only be one, after all.
“I think the way things are now is the perfect balance of life and death.”
The Elite Leader sighs, giving up.
“Alright, Runner. Let me write your letter,” he says as he takes out a pen and paper.
The rain was still falling by the time the Runner made it back to his Masters’ mansion. Pools of water had accumulated in the streets in the time he spent in the Leaders’ mansion.
The Runner shakes off the water from his clothes and walks inside. His Master was still sitting at his table, tapping away on the screen of his large computer that draped on top of it like a blanket. The surface blinks and flickers as he edits and moves things around, calculating and pondering. It’s thin and rollable, but most of the existing ones are smaller. He gets the biggest one because he is the Elite Solver. He solves problems the world faces and tells the Elite Leader what the solution is.
The old man looks up and adjusts his glasses before taking the envelope. He opens it up and scratches the white beard that hides his neck from view.
“You may go now, Runner,” he says absentmindedly. “I don’t need you anymore today and you’ve got all of your training finished for the day. Go relax.”
The Runner nods respectfully, and sprints out the door. He runs across the busy streets filled with people and into one of the housings for the Runners. The Runner’s Building.
Treadmills line the inside walls, and boys and girls of all ages occupy every one of them. A few do squats in the corner, strengthening their legs and challenging each other. This is what they do in their free time, aside from rest up. They don’t know much else besides running and winning, the government and its laws, and exercising. There isn’t much else to do.
The Runner walks down the stairs in the front of the room to the Beds. Bunks stacked three stories high are crammed in together all around the basement area. Some Runners are sleeping, while others do workouts to strengthen their core and leg muscles.
The Runner takes of his jacket, identical to everyone else’s. The only exception is for the red wing on the right sleeve. That means he’s one of the Elite Leader’s Runners. Mortimer the Elite Solver shares him with the Elite Leader because it’s no doubt he’s one of the best Runners.
The jacket has an emblem on the back of a black outlined foot with a pair of wings surrounded by the color blue, symbolizing he is a Runner. The Elites chose this Path for him when he was five, and he was taken from his parents and set in this place. He’s always been naturally good at running, though he never had to try as hard as anyone else. He gains muscle easily and figured out the proper breathing technique while in motion.
The Runner climbs into the very top bunk on one of the outer beds and stares at the ceiling hanging two feet above his face.
He thinks of the Competitions. There is one for every Path, and there are rankings for each one. The top ten are placed in a room together for three days to learn each other’s strengths and weaknesses. Once the time is up, they each get called up to race, and the ones with the fastest times make it into the top five. They top five then go to the last stage: the Elite Race.
For this one, it’s good to have advantages, and to know what they are because you go up against the Elite, whose life is dedicated to his or her Category, and that Category alone. No matter how old the Elites are, years on end they’ve beaten people to keep their position.
Beating the Elite would make the old Elite retire (or go off to their death) and make the new winner the next Elite. This had only happened three times since this structuring system had been around. This problem was fixed when the first Elite died unexpectedly in Year Ninety of the New World, and they just brought the next best thing: the Second Place.
Eventually the Runner falls asleep, but not before asking himself a dangerous question.
What had the Master told the Elite Leader about?

9. The Star’s Answer

The dead keep no secrets from me. At night, they whisper in my ear. No one believes me when I say they’re all around us, watching, waiting. They tell me that one day all humanity will fall, that one day they’ll be extinct. They promise one day I will rule, because, of course, I am not human.
My slow throbbing heartbeat pulses twice and then ceases as I stare at the bars holding me in my cage. They must think I’m a bird—I’m not a bird. They can’t be both blind and deaf.
Get up, the voices order me. Quickly, I obey. The words whispered and hissed begin to overlap each other as I stagger to the metal poles standing like stiff soldiers.
The man guarding my cell jumps back a bit at my sudden presence—and I realize he’s heard the stories of me. I smile a sickening grin, feeling the power slipping back into my thirsty veins.
“Let me out,” I say in my most innocent voice, my smile gone and mockery reflecting in my eyes. “Please, sir, just let me out.”
His eyes are wide with fear for only a moment, suddenly disappearing and is replaced by authority.
“I’m afraid I can’t do that.”
“Very well,” I say, my smile returning. “I’ll just have to let myself out.”
A chuckle bubbles up from the depths of my body as blackness begins to drop from the corners of my cell. The dead have come to help.
The blackness, thick as tar and hot as lava, begins to seep forward, making a circle around my feet as it climbs up the poles, the metal melting and disappearing.
I feel myself laugh once more as the matter moves to the helpless guard—and then I hear something. A faint whisper of the dead calling to me, speaking only truths.
My smile falls. Could it be true?
I lift one hand up, halting the blackness.
“Boy?” I ask, walking towards him as the blackness slurps at the ground, desperate to move out of my way. “Have you ever heard the voices?”
“The voices?” He whispers, too scared to be sure of what’s happening. After all, he’s heard the stories of me.
I squat down before him. “Do you know who I am?”
He gulps. “Salvirina, Mistress of the Unknown.”
I feel that smile on my face again. How lovely my name is.
“And do you know my story?”
“You were—you were kidnapped—”
“Ah. So that’s the story you’ve heard? My, my, boy, you’re behind on your history lessons.” I stand to my full height. “Come.”
“Come? With—with you?”
“Or I could leave you to die by darkness.”
The boy stares at me for a moment, aware of the danger I embody.
I hold out my hand, my long, tattered sleeve falling over my old, wrinkled skin. He rejects it, stands on his own. I chuckle.
“Show me how to get outside,” I command, and he begins to lead the way, his body trembling as I speak.
“They listen to me, the dead.” The words slip between my cracked lips. “And they tell me things.”
The bit swallows hard, his eyes forward and his jaw set.
“What kind of things?” I ask the question for him in a shrill voice. “Things about the world, about the future... About you.”
The boy looks around at this, his eyes falling on me as he shrivels away. “What do you mean?”
I chuckle. “So curious.”
The doors open, the darkness pushing the metal slabs away from me as dull moonlight falls upon us. It’s my favorite time of night, just before the moon is centered in the sky. Taking a slow, deep breath, the boy backs away. He turns to run.
“Don’t leave!” I cry serenely. My darkness wraps around him, stopping him in his tracks. “We’re not to the best part yet.”
My eyes fall on the star, and to the darkness I whisper, “Go get them.”
The words of death leave my presence for only a moment, and I feel naked, vulnerable. But I know there are more where those came from.
“When I was a little girl, I called upon a star. I wanted to know why I was different, why I heard the things I did. Well that star heard my question. It came to answer it.”
The star brightens, and I know it’s closing in. I grin. The boy has no idea what’s in store for him.
“They showed me my true meaning, the reason for my being alive. I was to be queen of the world. I would tower over its ruins.”
The star turns to metal, the bright light coming from a circle in the bottom. It beams down light onto me, my skin sucking back against my muscles. I’m beautiful again.
“Aliens,” I tell the boy, frozen with fear. “They shall take the world.”
10. Beautiful

Have you ever sat and watched the rain? Not stared out at it in complaint, but watched it as it made its descent upon the Earth? Isn’t it beautiful, the feeling that washes over you? And beautiful doesn’t always have to be good, beautiful can be a moment of clarity in the fog, a shock of cold through the numbness of everyday life. Just like a raindrop. 
Everyone assumes rain is dreary, sad, melancholy... but what about wonderful? Who’s to say they know why the sky cries? How magnificent is it when rain falls from clouds created by water droplets and dust? And how beautiful would it be to know the tears from your past are falling from those same clouds? It’s your pain, your sorrow, your joy—and you’re sharing it with the world. After all, it’s the rain from their eyes too. 
So why must it be sad rain? All emotions are mixed within it, but it’s up to us which ones we feel as the cool water droplets collide with our bodies. 
Beautiful. 

11. Blanketed with Stars

And if the world was falling
From its place in the sky
Would I fall too?
Or would I fly—
Up into the blackness
Blanketed with stars?
Would I be alone with them, 
Or would they be ours?

Would the sun be too far away,
Making our hearts freeze?
Or would it be too close,
Making us ashes in the breeze?

Will God bless this bond
That has tied us together?
Will God keep us here,
In his arms forever?
Or will we split like a canyon,
Our hearts turning to stone,
And will a river run through,
When we take our separate paths alone?
12. Not an Apple

Crunch.
I’d like to tell you that crunch was of an apple, of a pear, maybe a cucumber. But, sadly, it was a human skull being crushed beneath the weight of a very heavy, very muddy boot. Mine. To say it hurt would be an understatement, and to say it was excruciating would be a little dramatic. So what was it?
To be honest, it felt like a freaking paper cut. Yeah. An annoying little pain that makes you feel like you want to chop that part of your body off? We’ve all felt it, don’t lie.
But why wasn’t it too painful to bear? I guess I should let you in on my little secret.
Zombification, that’s how. Don’t even remember how I was turned, or, rather, who turned me. But how did I survive that head-squish? I know you noticed that first paragraph was in the past tense. Well, you see, hm... here. Let me put it this way. Zombies deteriorate. They fall apart over time. And time is something I am more than acquainted with. Now... I can see you trying to picture me: flesh rotting, puss oozing from my diseased sores... well, you’re pretty close. And now for the kicker—zombie brains aren’t the only things that decay; their brains do too. Mine was almost gone and I could barely function. The boot that’d crushed me belonged to a man who’d attempted to shoot me down, but I got the better of him until he threw me to the ground and lifted his foot. It didn’t take much force for him to do it; just his body weight. But everything went clear the moment it began to crack beneath his body and the crave for his brain was overpowering. I was angry; I was in a frenzy.
My hands twisted up above me and wrapped around his ankle, snapping it and hearing him howl. He fell to the ground as I pressed a hand against my bald skull, trying to get it to stay together. At least he made it easier for me, I thought as I sneered, blood dripping past the stitches lining the crown of my head. I felt the red liquid, acrid and old, dripping past my gnarled teeth and dripping from my chin. The man whimpered and tried to get away, groaning from the pain in his ankle as I stalked forward, wiping the red from my fragile, pale skin.
“Brains,” I spat, my wit finally out of my grasp as the beast took me over.
The man found himself trapped against a wall and covered his face with his hands. “No, please—please, spare me! Don’t eat me.”
I laughed, blood spewing from my body as I released my skull and tore at the stitches around my crown with my razor-sharp nails. “Brains.”
“Please, don’t eat me,” he begged.
“I won’t eat you,” I said, kneeling down beside him and wiping a cold finger against his plump cheek. “I just need your brain.”
So push came to shove and here I am. Now, I know what you’re thinking: But your speech was so limited. How could you have possibly told this story with such eloquence and sophistication, if I might add?
It’s simple. I just needed a new brain.
13. Left It on the Floor

I awake to the sound of chainsaws.
It’s as if they’re all around me, lining the bed in which I lay, strapped down and threatened by them. But I can’t see anything; the world surrounding me is black. Have I gone blind? Possibly. Have I gone mad? Most likely. But am I dead? Most certainly not.
I pull at my frigid arms lined with goose bumps desperately, the reverberating chainsaw noise increasing as the moments pass. My body shivers and I can’t find my voice to call for help. My memory of what had happened before, who I’d been before, and where I’d come from before is faded, disappeared and gone, just like that, although I’d like to say I can feel it pressing against my mind like a carcass against grass, like the sky pushing against a waning crescent moon. I must have some memory; it must be here somewhere, because I know all of these words, I know all of these metaphors, all of these similes. Perhaps I left it on the floor when I came in? Had I walked in? Had I—
Hot, thick pain rubs against my bare chest as I cringe and scream. Or do I scream? I can’t hear myself over the chainsaws, over the pulsating rhythm forcing its way through my body.
“Oh, Merik,” I hear, echoing above the sound of the tree-slicers and floating over them like a feather falling to the ground. I try to force my eyes open, but it seems as if they all ready are.
“Merik.”
There it is again, to my left. Oh, voice, why must you move? Let me catch you; I’ll save you from this horrendous sound that’s made me completely deaf, and, could it be? blind.
Something rips across my arm, splattering something warm and wet across it. I cry out again, only to hear no voice escaping my throat. Perhaps it’s mine, the one circling above it all, the one calling my name. It is my name, I’m absolutely sure of it.
“Merik. Open your eyes. Use your ears to listen. Speak only when needed.”
But voice, I can’t see, I can’t speak. My ears are filled with sounds of metal machines—perhaps if I could just get to the floor and find what I’m lacking—
“The floor will have nothing for you but something to keep you from the dirt, Merik. Your life has been nothing but a waste; you’ve been living it emptily, you’ve been living it selfishly,” the voice shifts, laughing darkly. “Who will save you now?”
A light erupts across my vision and I see a room—wooden walls, a wooden ceiling, a spinning fan, fire—and I cringe, finally hearing a whimper from my own throat. A piece of my memory comes rushing back to me—my evil ways striking me in a way I’ve never felt before and leaving behind a trail of guilt strung across my insides, twisting up my heart and forcing my insides to become like a shell. I want to say sorry, but to whom?
You can change who you are, Merik, a voice in my head whispers.
“Do not listen! I shall take you and you shall call me what I deserve to be!”
Another light flashes before me, bringing back more of the dreaded memories.
He deserves nothing. He is trying to manipulate you, my child.
Who are you? My brain calls out to the voice. It’s so powerful, so full, so... warm.
I suddenly see the room again, people standing around me, sobbing and saying my name as if it’s the last time they’d ever speak it. I’m filled with joy, love, peace and—hope.
I am the One you must choose for yourself. I am the One that will not force myself into your life. I am the One that will never leave nor forsake you. I am the one that will only come inside your heart if you answer to my knocking.
The darkness returns, torturous pain erupting through every part of me, laughter echoing around me.
“You can never be saved, Merik, you’ve fallen too far!”
You’ve never fallen too far from grace.
I scream as the pain licks my skin once again.
Can you make it all go away, this pain, this insanity, this guilt in my stomach?
Only if you let me in.
I grit my teeth as the pain escalates. My body feels as if it’s losing control. My mind seems to be slipping away as the chainsaws grow louder and louder.
Is this You knocking?
My life, my terribly selfish, hateful, sinful life passes before me.
Because I’m letting you in. Forgive me.
One more cry. The chainsaws turn to beeping. The blackness turn to faces. The darkness becomes light. The little girl pushes a worn-out bear to me.
“You left it on the floor, Merik.”
She smiles.
The guilt disappears as an unexplainable peace sets in.
Thank you.
14. Blind, Deaf, Mute

My eyes seem too heavy to hold
Open to the lies of this world.
The enemy whispers in your ear
Says you have his fiery hand to hold.
But he has come to trick and steal
You away from your destiny.
He has come to make you suffer
Your happiness is what he steals.
Today this world holds an ear open
To him while the other closed.
The other is deaf to the truth
Of Love’s bright arms wide open and waiting.
You hide in the darkness
You do everything there because you think
They can’t see what you’re doing.
But you’re not fully covered in darkness,
You’re blind to what the world is,
What the world says and what it
Tells you to be. You can’t see.
And that’s the way it is.
You’re blind. You’re deaf. You’re mute.
You’re denying. Denying. Denying.
Hold a mirror up. What do you see?
You’re blind. You’re deaf. You’re mute.
And focused on staying that way. 


Excerpt from
15. The One-Hundred

The baby swims out just as the moon reaches the top of its orbit around the Earth. The tiny being floats in place as its small mouth opens and closes for oxygen. A soft blue glow grows from her skin as her mother’s dims, her life fading fast.
The Murlan Clan’s head doctor takes the baby in his arms. Legs. She wouldn’t survive a day in this world of water, no matter whom she is born from, or whether this child glows or not. Life is not an option for her.
“Kill it.” His voice is harsh as he holds the baby out to the exterminator dressed in all black.
“No,” the mother utters softly, her energy drained, but her eyes glisten with life, with tears as she looks upon her baby girl. Her human baby girl. “She’s the One-Hundred.”
The doctor looks at the tired woman, whose blue tail shimmers below the dark surface of the water. The baby’s glow grows brighter and brighter, alarming him. She isn’t just the one hundred thousandth human baby born from the mermaid clan, but something more powerful, something more dangerous than that. Something that came close to destroying everything many years ago. Part of the One-Hundred.
“She’s the One-Hundred,” the woman whispers again before closing her eyes and sinking into the chest of her strong husband.

~

By the time the full moon returns, we have received about three babies. Most of the time we gain no new children, and when we do, they don’t live long. We protect them as best we can, but accidents and incidents do happen, especially when you’re on an island encircled by nothing but water.
Most of my tribe has grown numb to the losses of the little children, but I never want to be used to it. I don’t want to lose that human characteristic. It’s too sad not to mourn over all of those potentially great lives gone forever...
Tonight I walk along the tree line at the bottom of the mountaintop, water in every direction around me. I’ve always pondered two aching questions; one of them is if there is another island somewhere and if it holds more people like me. The second is why we aren’t allowed to touch the water. The Tribe Leaders tell me to wait until I’m of eighteen years to learn about these things and anything beyond survival.
Few children live as long as I have. In fact, for a few years no one has survived past year two besides Lily-flor. She’s turning five in a few days. She’s the toughest little girl I’ve ever seen, but she still needs someone to watch out after her. That would be me. The Tribe Leaders assigned me to that job to teach me something about the importance of family and of the tribe. I don’t have to provide for her or anything. Instead, I’m a role model to her. The food part is Tani-mah’s job. For me, until I’m eighteen, it’s Nan-ah’s. Or it used to be before I decided to hold my own.
When I was a baby, just received, Nan-ah, the woman who raised me, claimed me as hers. I have no idea how old she was at that time, but I know she was young. Her and my relationship with each other is much like how I am with Lily-flor. Protective. Loving. Caring. Gentle. And then I started learning how to do things on my own and I drifted away from her. I hardly ever talked to her. I was always busy hunting or trying to study what the Tribe Leaders would do so I could become one of them some day. Tani-mah was the person I would always try to impress, and most of the time I never succeeded. And still to this day that notion is true.
In two days it’ll be my seventeenth year. It will also be a full moon.
I hold my spear in one hand and my bow is strung across my shoulders. Arrows are placed in a hollow wooden quiver held to my back with twine.
I step into the woods. It’s feeding time.
My ears have adapted to listen for sounds of animals. Many of them roam through here, however they’re mostly birds and squirrels. I’ve just got to keep my eyes peeled for the bigger animals.
My bare feet are silent as I weave between trees like a basket, and I can hear the rustling of leaves, of animals bustling about. It’s all so quiet and peaceful. Between the trees has always been my favorite place to be.
A graceful, four-legged animal jumps out into the parting of the trees where the moonlight stream down. It’s almost as if the air is filled with magic. The light spots on its back seem to glow as it bends to eat the grass below its hooves.
I crouch down low and place the spear on the ground. Quietly, I slide my bow around to the front of me and place an arrow inside of it. I line up my shot, one eye closed as the arrowhead points to the animal, ready to meet its mark.
Suddenly, a larger version of the animal steps out in front of the smaller one, unaware of my presence.
Its mother.
For a moment, I switch my aim to the older animal, excited that I’d bring back food to the Tribe Leaders. But then they look at each other. It’s a baby. A baby can’t be without a mother.
I lower my arrow and watch them, the moon rising higher in the sky. My stomach growls once, and I suppress the hunger. I can’t take away her baby, even if they are just animals. Mothers need their babies, just like babies need their mothers.
Then where is mine?
Nan-ah isn’t my biological mother, but she could be. She acts like it anyway. The only problem is that I don’t talk to her much anymore. I’m always busy with everything else... But she’s not my mother. And seeing her makes me wonder where mine is and if I even have one, which makes me question about all of our mothers.
I walk back out into the trees, the bottom of my legs itching. As I reach the rock that has turned to sand over the years, I look out at the never-ending water lying before me, once again wondering if there really is any other piece of land out there. It’s a big ocean. There has to be more land somewhere.
Something silver shines bright from under the water. It catches my attention, my head following my eyes as I pinpoint the source of the light. The water ripples. I stare at it for the longest time, wondering what could be out there.
“Hello,” I hear. The voice had come from a rock about one hundred feet away, the sudden sound of it making me leap into the trees. Nothing comes from the sea, nothing. Ever.
“Don’t be afraid,” the voice says again.
Then there’s more movement.
A boy’s head pops up from behind the rock, his hair dark in the moonlight and his skin seeming paler than it most likely is. I stare at him for a moment, confused. I had never seen him in my life, and he doesn’t look like he came from one of the other tribes. And why is he in the water?
“You’re a boy,” I blurt, a little scared.
“I guess you could say that,” he smiles. It’s a beautiful smile. I feel my eyes widen and my heart pick up its pace.
“Well, why are you in the water? We aren’t allowed in the water.”
“I live in the water,” he says, amusement shining in his eyes.
“You can’t live in water, boy,” I say as I step from the shield of the trees.
“Well I do,” he laughs, that curiosity and glint of familiarity settling back into his stare. “What’s your name?”
“Cressa-la.” I take another step forward, drawing dangerously close to the beginning of the sea. “What’s yours?”
“Tamir,” he says simply, as if what was happening at the moment isn’t at all strange. “I know your face.”
“What?” I’m taken aback. “What do you mean?”
I’ve certainly never seen him before, and he doesn’t like he belongs in either of the tribes here. What if he’d been hunting me and he followed me, ready to eat me? Cannibalism isn’t new; it’s actually part of the island’s history, but do people still practice it?
He shakes his head, ignoring my question. “How old are you?”
“Sixteen years,” I say, realizing I probably shouldn’t be giving out this information. I don’t know who he is or where he comes from. What if he’s from a distant island? What if when he says he lives in the water he and his tribe have been traveling to find another island to live on? And how could my face possibly seem familiar to him when I haven’t even seen him myself? A chill runs down my spine, but for some reason part of me cries out in such a way, as if to tell me I’m completely safe around him. Could it be deception I’m feeling?
He smiles. “Me too.”
“Did you live on another island? Are you trying to find a new home?”
He bursts out into laughter. “No. I told you, Cressa-la, I live in the water.”
“But you can’t live in the water.”
He shrugs, a smile tugging on one corner of his mouth. My brain swarms with thousands of questions that won’t from. Who is this boy?
After a short pause of him watching me stand dumbfounded, he speaks again. “Well, goodbye.”
“Wait!” I cry before he turns away. “Will I see you again?” The question feels strange on my lips as it slips past them. Did I want to see him again? Would I get in trouble for talking to somebody in the water? I’m not touching it...
He turns back and smiles. “Of course... on the next full moon.”
With that, he disappears behind the rock, and I’m left standing alone on the shore, staring at the mysterious black waters of the sea.


Available Now
16. Camp Free Spirit

Sarah said goodbye to both of her parents and got in the bus for camp. She heard a whisper near her ear. It had said ‘Leave Camp Free Spirit now!’
She turned to the bus driver before she passed by. ‘Did you hear that?’
The old man just shook his head, his matted grey hair shoved up beneath his hat, its bill covering his face. On his nametag, his name was stated in bold, blocky letters: FRANK. There was a smudge just next to the K, but Sarah paid no mind to it. 
The bus was full. No one wanted her to sit by them. 
She took a seat at the very end of the bus. It was torn and tattered. Engraved in the leather was writing. It said, ‘Don’t make me go!’ and ‘Leave before they get you too!’ with a few drawings here and there from past bored passengers. Deep red splatters coated the back of the seat in front of her as well. Ink stains, she thought to herself. This, however didn’t stop her from turning around to look at the back of her seat for any stray blots, and found even more. The only problem was, she didn’t believe it was ink. 
For the rest of the ride, she stayed rigid and upright, unable to force herself to lean back. 
Sarah looked out the window as the time passed quickly, and she watched as the camp sign grow closer. In eerie red letters, the sign read WELCOME TO CAMP FREE SPIRIT. 
Someone had pulled off the free, and it left the brown outline of the word. So the sign really said ‘WELCOME TO CAMP SPIRIT’. Sarah shuddered. 
She saw a figure step out of the shadows from behind a tree. The man had a warning look on his face, looking directly at her. It chilled her to the bone. Maybe coming to summer camp for the first time was a bad idea. 
Her eyes darted to the seat she sat on again, and saw a new set of words, the smell of sharpie hanging in the air. It said ‘Too late’. 
She glanced around at the passengers, standing up now. This situation was giving her the heebie-jeebies. 
Weird, she thought. There were less passengers on the bus. Sarah could have sworn that every seat had at least one kid. Now there were only three others—two boys and one girl, not including herself. 
The bus came to a squeaky and abrupt stop, and Sarah fell back into her seat, hitting her spine against the stained leather. 
‘Ow….’ she grunted. There seemed to be something sharp in the back of the seat. Why would anyone put something like that there?
She turned her head to look behind the seat and inspect what she had felt, only to lay eyes upon a thin girl huddled between the bottom bars and the back of the bus. A gasp escaped Sarah’s throat, shocked, and she ran up to the bus driver named Frank. 
‘Mister! Mister!’ she shouted, finally reaching him. 
‘Yes?’ he turned around. 
The man was no longer the man Sarah had thought she’d seen walking onto the bus, but the girl she’d just discovered. The suit she wears sags around her, and the dust particles had disappeared from the nametag. It read Frankie. 
Sarah became frantic and turned to one of the kids to warn them, only to find blood pouring out of his stomach. She finally let out a terrified scream as she saw the bodies littering the floor beneath the seats. Sarah ran to the back of the bus and opens the emergency exit, the bus sounding. 
She jumped out and ran full speed down the road. 
I would love to tell you she ran home and told a police officer what she had witnessed. I would love to tell you she was reunited with her family. But, unfortunately, the skinny girl easily caught up with her and whispered in her ear with a blade to her throat, ‘You should have left when you had the chance.’
Those were the last words Sarah ever heard. 

“And this is a true story, correct?” 
“Yes, ma’am. I watched the whole thing from the seat behind Sarah. We’d met at school. I was spying on her. You see, my dad was wanting revenge on someone at the camp, and he was not small enough to pass for a kid. So I went.” 
“How did you get back from the bus incident?” 
“I didn’t.”
“What do you mean?” 
“I mean, I didn’t get back from the bus.” 
“Um… that’s not what I meant. Um—okay. Where were you going then?”
“I was going to bury Sarah’s body.” 
“But you said you never got off the bus.” 
“I never said that. I said I never got back from the bus.” 
“But why were you burying the body? The killer was still on the loose.”
“It’s polite to bury the dead.” 
“Okay. Wait. Back up. I wrote down something you said here—you said you watched her from behind the seat she was sitting in?” 
“Yes. Yes I did.” 
“But she was in the last seat.” 
“Yes.”

17. Ghost

Tears fell from my eyes as I watched him fall. A bullet was in his head and my arms grasped only air. I loved him. I still do. Five years is a long time to be together these days. Especially for someone like him and someone like me. He made me happy, and I thought I made him happy too. Apparently not. 
We’d been hiking, you see, and just as we reached the top of the trail, the conversation turned. Bad. He got all depressed and started talking about how miserable he was and how he was a failure to everyone and everything… and to me… I told him that I loved him and he wasn’t a failure to me, no matter what happened between us or to himself. But he just waved it off like it was nothing and headed off down the trail. 
In the car, he was deathly silent, and it hurt my heart so much not knowing what to say to him to cheer him up. I turned on the radio and played our song, rewarded with a smile for a second. 
When we got to our tiny apartment, he sat himself down on the sofa and stared blankly at the wall and made no effort to communicate with anybody—anybody being me—about what’s going on inside his head. I thought he would come to bed to sleep, but whenever I went to check on him, he was secluded into a corner, isolating himself off from the rest of the world with his arms crossed and his face pale with what seemed like the absence of life. He looked like a ghost.
I approached him and asked him why he was doing this and he exploded, yelling at me. Feeling scorned, I trudged off, knowing that maybe this will pass and maybe he’ll feel better in the morning and I just need to leave it alone. I stared at the ceiling all night, worrying about him and obsessing over his sadistic state. I waited three days for it to dissipate, but he still was alone, this time sitting in a chair. Dark circles dragged on his eyes and my stomach twisted with worry. I tried my hardest to ask him what was wrong and comfort him, but he would just push me away, ignoring my kind gestures. When I finally got him to hug me, I told him everything was okay and that I was here for him always. The rings we wore tied us together in ways only God could explain; he didn’t need to worry. When we pulled away from each other, his tired eyes were wet with tears. He told me he loved me once more. 
Later that day, someone knocked on the door. It was our neighbor. She wanted some sugar, so I ushered her in and we entered the kitchen area. I looked back and forth from the sugar to her to Luke and back. I couldn’t take this any longer, him sitting there. I decided I would call a shrink to help him out of this funk as soon as possible. Worry had gotten the best of me. 
Snapping the lid on the container, I lead her out the door and shut it closed behind her. When I turned around, there he was, standing on the balcony with a gun pressed to his temple. Where he got the gun, I’d no idea. I started to panic as he stared into me with pained eyes. 
“Luke! I can help you! We can get someone to help you. Anything. Just don’t do this, please!” 
He retorted, saying no one could help him. 
“I can help. I can! I will, just, please come down. I need you, Luke, please,” I begged, sobs lurching from my throat and into the taught air strung between us. I cautiously stepped forward, ready to pull him back into my arms, afraid the air might shift and he might sway and the balcony would no longer hold him in my life. “Please.” 
“You don’t need me.” 
And he fell, right after the bang, right after the splat, right after the ripping my heart does. My hands grasp air. I was too late. I call his name, but he’s too far gone all ready. The ground has turned him flat and painted a mural of him with his body on the concrete. The sight of him down below was horrendous, but the last moments I had with him were a whisper in the wind. 
What more could I have done?
18. Dametria
A One-Hundred Series backstory

I watched the green light pass over him as he crossed the threshold, and waited for him to turn around so I could see the recognition in his eyes… My best friend, the only one who understood me completely and was patient and listened…
Every emotion and feeling I had towards him swelled in my throat as he kept swimming, his tail moving slower and slower as consciousness began to drift out of his grasp and more and more of his blood seeped into the water. He needed treatment… but he couldn’t stay. Not with… with him still here.
All this. Because of me.
My breath hitched in my throat and I grasped at my chest, trying to breathe as I sobbed and sunk to the ground. I’d chosen the wrong guy to take care of my heart, and now... now the right guy was gone forever. Tamir wouldn’t recognize me, as Damian had said, and I would forever bear the burden of giving in to wretched fate… or destiny. All I wanted was to be loved, and… and I thought Damian could be the one to do that… I thought…
But maybe I could change him. Maybe he could choose to love me instead of hurt me, hold me instead of harm me…
The strength of that thought dissipates as my fingers brush the scar on the back of my neck, a rigid number two where I was to be reminded I’d always be second. That Damian is the foot and I was the ground. Always and forever.
Forever and always.
Dametria.
His voice was like a gush of water from a geyser in a black and thickening fog. A strike of darkness within a world of light, and, suddenly, the world I tried to keep so pure, the world I tried keeping sheltered from the darkness of my thoughts, the darkness of human error and its repercussions, was littered with it and paranoia as I heard him swimming up behind me, the water moving in sync with his body as my glowing took over the light outside.
‘Leave me alone,’ I quipped quietly as my eyes stayed trained on Tamir-in. He was starting to trip over himself; he nearly fell right into a rock and split his head open. My heart pounded with worry for him. He needed help… 
Don’t you dare go to him, Damian commanded. Remember what happened to you the last time you disobeyed? 
I fingered the number two again, a twinge of fear rupturing through my chest. He gave me the scar when I disappeared one night. I’d reappeared, but he was too paranoid; he thought I was cheating on him. His possessiveness took over and his powers forced me to the ground and… 
His words still rung in my ears. You don’t defy me—it isn’t your place. Your place is at my side with your mouth shut. I am number one. You will always be number two. 
A chill ran down my spine. Tamir hit the ground and struggled to get up. 
He risked his life for me, and I for him. But he… he always was there for me, even when I couldn’t see. 
I felt like I owed him my life.
I sprung up and swam full-speed towards him. I knew where he slept; I kept watch of him when I found him. I thought that maybe one day I’d say hello, but the year passed and I couldn’t bring myself to do it. At least, up until the night he was alone and it was nearly morning. I was going to swim up to him… but that’s the night Damian caught me sneaking in. That’s the night he learned about Tamir and the night he had me reporting everything I saw. And then… we ambushed him. 
Damian came up with this plan. It was cruel and elaborate. I spoke up only once, learning my lesson the moment afterwards. I could still feel the imprint of his hand against my jaw every time I thought about standing up for something.
I gathered Tamir into my arms. His eyes drifted toward me lazily, confusion surfacing through the haze. ‘Who are you?’ he asked. It cut my heart into two. 
He passed out and I carried him into the city, taking frequent breaks. Sharks kept their distance from civilization, but I could see them not far off, daring to draw near as Tamir’s blood kept dripping from his wounds. 
I broke inside, most everyone in the city asleep now, and set him on his makeshift bed. 
‘I don’t know how to heal you,’ I whispered to him as I shut the door and locked it. I’d only picked the lock to get inside; it wasn’t really broken… ‘But I’ll try. If I just want it bad enough…’
I closed my eyes and focused, holding my hands out before me. I’d begun to learn about controlling these powers I acquired, but my training was kept to a minimum. Damian didn’t want anyone to be stronger than he was. And sometimes I wondered if that’s another thing he’s mad at Tamir for. Tamir was special, you could just tell. But his powers… they were the strongest I’d ever seen, what with how he completely blacks out once they’re used up. I was there that one night he took out the One-Hundreds that were bullying him. I’d never seen a light so bright. If he were any stronger, I’d consider him a One, but… his powers would have appeared while he was still on land and I would have known about it. He used to tell me everything. 
I ran my hands along his wounds, hoping I could heal him. I watched Damian do it after he bit him as a snake, and I tried to mimic his motions. 
It took an hour of trying before I finally closed the rips in his skin and fixed his broken jaw. I’d figured it out.
And now I’d have to leave and return to Damian. 
I could just hide here; Damian would never know, I tempted myself. But I knew I couldn’t. Damian would find me one way or another, and Tamir would once again become a target. And I couldn’t do that to him, not after all he’d done for me. 
I turn to go, unlocking the door and opening it. He looked peaceful as sweet dreams came to him, the pain finally gone. The best thing for him would be if I stayed away completely and focused on one thing at a time. 
‘Goodbye, Tamir,’ I croaked, believing I’d never see him again. Even if I did, he wouldn’t recognize me. Damian had changed his memories, and I was growing uglier by the day. The use of my powers for the evil Damian makes me carry out was making my skin infected with scales. They’d begun to pop up on my neck and my stomach, and they hurt when my fingers brushed past them or my hair got lodged in them… But it was worth it, the pain over dying at the hands of the one I loved. 
I made my way back. Damian treaded just outside the doorway, fuming as Unwea ducked in and out of the rocky building that went far beneath the ground. All of Unwea lived there, plotting, practicing, or learning about what Damian wanted them to. 
My stomach churned as his eyes flashed green. His hand found my throat. 
‘I told you not to go to him,’ he growled, anger radiating from his being as he choked the life from me. His fingers grew hot around my neck, and I felt them burning my flesh. I cried out, unable to get really anything free from my throat as he crushed it. 
Damian threw me to the side and I collided with the wall, hearing my shoulder snap out of place. He gave me one last foreboding look before disappearing into his underground castle. It was then I decided I would do whatever it took to make him love me and to prove to him I am strong enough to stand beside him as a Queen one day. 
It was then I truly took up his name and made it my own. It became a part of me. Dametria. 
I made my way to the doorway and looked in, glaring at him as he turned down another hallway. 
‘You will love me, and you will treat me as your equal,’ I promised as my fists clenched and I began to glow. Black modes inside the green twisted up into it and grew more numerous as everything around me dulled. ‘And you will do it soon.’ 
I plotted and I planned. I went into the cities and stole information about babies, looking for the most powerful of them all. Turns out Damian had been looking for it too. I found the scroll under his bed, and I saw the name. Born the same time as Tamir was. She was a One. 
And she’d be the perfect target. 

19. Raggedy Rags 

The leaves were crisp along the ground, 
leading to where her head was found.
No body, no soul, no scream, no sound, 
poor Anna Grace fell all the way down.

“My head!”

She sat up in bed, an airy whisper waking her. 
Not a finger moves as she looks around. 
There’s a body here, a body there, and a limb hanging on the wall, 
but none of this seems to scare her at all.
Her fingerprints lie in the blood on the wall, 
yet every last drop has been washed off. 
There’s a pleasant silence between the stars, 
but it’s time to wake to release prisoners. 
The door creaks with the slightest of sound, 
but she’s grown used to it, having nothing around.
Yet there’s something out here this fall, 
something watching her, watching her stall. 
Could it be a fox, a wolf, a coyote?
A lost wanderer trying to return home? 
Perhaps it’s a beast in which she cannot slay, 
perhaps she should hide; she should run away. 
But it isn’t like her to flee in fear. 
Fear is not in her bones, her lineage knows it not. 
The wind picks up and a twig snaps near—
it is certain there is someone here. 
“Come out, whatever you are,” she calls, 
her voice swept away in the wind. 
The overcast sky this autumn encroaches
and she feels a presence as something approaches. 

“My head!” 

The words are a howl that whips by her ears; 
the cry of a banshee, perhaps in the mind. 
Paranoia lurks deep inside her brain; 
all it’s ever done is cause her pain. 
She grits her teeth and steps back inside, 
the stench coming from where the bodies reside.
There’s something unsettling, something unnerved—
she walks into the room to check on them first. 
“There must be five, always be five,” she says aloud, 
counting the bodies to make sure they’re there. 
“I removed your thoughts so you’d never leave, 
I removed your thoughts to give a reprieve.”
She shuts the door behind her and thinks an awful lot, 
when she decides that she’s had her fill of rot. 
She strides to the sink and her skin turns to chicken’s, 
prickling under the watchful eyes of someone else’s in the kitchen.
Paranoia sweeps through her as she reveals a knife, 
the blade small enough to hide in her hand.
The dark shadows give nothing away, 
but cautious is how she always stays. 
“I’ll wait to release them,” she says to herself, 
her eyes doing another sweep of the shelves. 
“The fall morning will dawn and things will be new, 
and I can look for the remains anew.” 
“No one will miss her, not for a day.
She always came out in the woods. 
She should be nice to strangers when they speak, 
offer them food and shelter for a week.”

“My head!” 

The scream stops her short, too close for comfort. 
She narrows her eyes and peers out the windows. 
Nothing has changed, not a sign of life; 
she is the only one alive. 
There’s a boom in her room, in which she turns to investigate. 
She opens the door as rot fills her senses again. 
Counting aloud, the paranoia rises even more
because now she counts only four.
The window is open and hangs on its hinges, and fury grows like a wildfire.
Someone is in her house and taking her things. 
She shuts her mouth and clutches her knife
because she is the only one alive.
The body that is missing is a man’s, 
someone who had fallen into a river. 
His body was still and waterlogged, freezing cold, 
but she isn’t picky; just glad it rolled. 
“Have I lost your head, River Man?” she mumbles, 
turning to the second room. “I hope not.”
Before she can turn the door’s knob, 
it moves on its own.
She grits her teeth and takes a step back. 
Whatever lurks in her house is silent. 
She never prepared for someone to come inside—
after all, she is the only one alive. 
“Raggedy rags,” she hears from behind the door. 
“Raggedy rags, raggedy rags. 
My dress has been torn to tatters and threads, 
what did you ever do with my head?” 
The voice is a whisper, a chilling melody in the silence.
That deep paranoia is dislodging itself from her sternum
and melting like ice in her veins. 
After that, what shall remain? 
“Raggedy rags, raggedy rags, 
in a world of corpses, you’ve remained standing, 
but your heart and mind have sagged—
sagged to raggedy rags.” 
The door jerks with motion at the last words, 
the volume of the words increasing. 
Coming from behind the door, it seems
that they’ve only turned to feral screams. 
“Raggedy rags, raggedy rags! 
My head, my head, you’ve taken my head! 
My dress has been torn to tatters and threads, 
what did you ever do with my poor dead head?”
The knob breaks apart from the force, thudding against the ground. 
She hears the boom of a body falling down. 
Using the distraction, she pushes open the door
to see nothing short of a nightmare of horror. 
“We should have never touched the darkness!” 
Her shout reaches through the air as she screams at the monster. 
“If you had, I wouldn’t have to pluck you one by one. 
One day, all of this madness will be undone!” 
The blade plunges into the beast and it screams aloud, 
the owner of this house moving back into the hall. 
In the other room, there are not four but two—
it’s becoming clear now that she will only lose.
She hears the beast break out of the room and into the hall 
just as she exits the house and enters the woods. 
Before her stands two more of the figures, 
two more girls that she found, the both of them sisters. 
They’re headless and twitching, a side effect from the darkness, 
a darkness the owner never touched and stayed far from. 
The curse had limitations, as immortality would, 
they thought they were gods and that this was good. 
With a bite of an apple and the blinding of a curse, 
this world suddenly belonged to the underworld. 
As the sisters flinch and stagger forward on broken ankles, 
no escape from the owner’s angle.
The monster reanimates inside the house, 
and she can hear the man moving about. 
He comes into view from behind a tree, 
his head stitched back onto his neck and he’s trying to breathe.

“My head!”

The monster inside cries out, her voice rattling the walls.
The owner can hear her breaking down the doors. 
The sisters keep walking toward her slowly, 
for she is alive, and she is the only.
She grits her teeth but doesn’t panic, 
breathing in the smell of the forest. 
Hers is the only house for miles, 
and between here and the cities are body piles. 
The owner sprints close to the left sister as the man approaches, 
and she kicks in the kneecap, the sister tumbling forward. 
Without eyes or a brain, the body is useless; 
just an empty shell, a vessel for unholiness. 
She darts into the woods, head level and thinking quick, 
watching for others who have been mutilated. 
Behind her, the sounds of feet echo without reprieve; 
they are what demolish the dead leaves. 
Far enough away, the owner clambers into a tree, 
climbing as high as she can reach. 
The soggy man with a missing arm and only half his teeth 
staggers quickly underneath. 
She holds her breath as the sisters join in the hunt, 
several minutes later as she stays in the tree. 
Up high is the best place to be for her, you see, 
for these are her woods—and no evil can she let be. 
“Raggedy... raggedy rags...” 
the voice drifts upward, the monster getting close. 
She palms her blade and stays still on her perch, 
staying as quiet as an empty church. 
“Raggedy rags, raggedy rags...” 
The monster stops, dropping what she drags. 
The body of a girl, not more than twelve, dressed in rags, 
with a sewn-on head of a woman, the woman whose body she drags.
She stops her muttering, glassy eyes looking around, 
patchy black hair dusting her shoulders. 
“Come out, come out, wherever you’ve hid. 
I have another body to take from your list.” 
The house owner feels no pity. 
She used to, it’s true, but she has become numb. 
But seeing a little girl at that age with no soul; 
of course, she’s seen worse, darkness blacker than coal. 
The monster’s eyes meet the girl’s, void and cruel, 
but the girl doesn’t startle, doesn’t crumble. 
Irises white and the whites bloodshot red, 
the blood vessels that popped while taking her head. 
“I’ve heard of people like you, those who try to bring us to death. 
But century-old people like me, we don’t fear you. 
Even if you skin us and beat us and cut off our heads, 
the joke is on you, because we’ll never be truly dead.”
The homeowner grits her teeth and readies herself; 
the glint of her knife in the sternum of the child. 
“Then leave or be mutilated,” she warns the girl, 
“I only need five to break the world.”
The girl grimaces and takes a step forward. 
“Raggedy rags, raggedy rags,” she whispers. 
“I don’t believe you in the slightest. 
You’ll save those five at best.” 
“You can’t save everyone, my child.”
The owner of the house’s father comes back to her mind. 
“But trying is all you can do, 
and remember to never consume.” 
He held up the jar, the water that would extend their lives. 
The fountain of youth was found and dried out. 
“This is all that’s left, nothing but a jar.
It cannot be burned, cannot be harmed.” 
“They will smell it from miles away,”
he went on, warning her over the years. 
“They will come and search for it
until they their body bathed in it.”

She looks down at her clinched fist, 
gritting her teeth and biting her tongue. 
The jar has been passed down for generations, 
none of her family joining with the world’s evil fun. 
They used to be scientists and searched for a cure, 
but the world shunned them and exiled her blood. 
Her family believed immortality was evil, 
and the little girl before her proves that point. 
“Raggedy rags! Raggedy rags!”
The girl suddenly screams. 
“You sit there and, in your eyes, you brag, 
tell me I’m wrong and face my wrath!” 
The girl leaves the body behind her and she reaches for the tree. 
The homeowner pulls her body a few branches higher. 
She judges where the girl clambers 
and a smile reignites the fire’s embers. 
Reaching upward, the child screams, 
“Rags! Rags! You are nothing but a rag! My rag!
Let me use your limbs to replace my own; 
lend me your clothes—”
The owner kicks her face and she tumbles down, 
the quick stitching in her neck popping. 
The head rolls to the ground 
as the homeowner climbs down. 
She gathers the corpses one by one, 
pulling their heads off and dragging them by their hair. 
She puts them back where they belong, 
the jaws snapping as she triggers her gun. 
One bullet to each skull will knock them out 
she has about thirty minutes before they wake. 
Their bodies lay still on the ground, spiritless, 
as she drags them back to the room, restless. 
The little girl is nowhere to be seen, 
but she has twenty minutes to find her. 
One head is missing, but she can find it; 
she just has to retrace her steps to do it. 
Five minutes to spare, she finds the head, 
eyes lolling in their sockets and she smiles. 
“I found your head!” Her need is simple 
as she listens for sounds with her gun to the temple. 

“My head!” 

A chilled wind rushes through her, nearly knocking her down. 
She sprints in the direction it had come from, 
holding the severed child’s head by its red hair, 
then stops to smile as she stares. 
The child’s body stands stagnant, 
another gust of wind pushing her clothes. 
She lifts the gun and pulls the trigger, 
the body dropping to the ground. 
She drags them both to the house; 
her five minutes are up. 
But she finally has the matching pieces, 
and she can rid of the demons. 
“There must be five, always be five,” she says aloud, 
counting the bodies once more. 
I removed your thoughts so you’d never leave, 
I removed your thoughts to give you reprieve.” 
The fingers on the bodies begin to twitch 
as she plunges a needle into their still hearts. 
They writhe in pain and she takes a step back, 
heading over to the heads with a bat. 
Five heads, the five she needed to stop it all: 
two-of-a-kind, a male with raven hair, 
a woman with a scar, an old child; 
now her family will get what’s desired. 
The flames turn green and blue, 
exploding and throwing her into the trees. 
She sits up to see people walking toward the fire 
as the flames dance higher. 
They ignore her as they turn to ash, 
her house burning before her eyes. 
The woman who had told her family what to do long ago, 
she was right. She was right and helped save the world—
The people ash even without touching the fire, 
screams ringing through the air and making her ears bleed. 
Smoke fills the air as the blue fire spreads, 
the colors shifting to a deep, crimson red. 
“My head!” 
The voice explodes through the trees 
as the house collapses, people still ashing. 
In the rubble, in the midst of the fire, 
the little girl stands, smiling as she expires. 
“Raggedy rags! My raggedy rags! 
You cannot escape the sin that touches man, 
and you are not righteous for slaughtering the breathing. 
Only the holy will stop the demons from feeding!” 
“There are more than the wholes in which you’ve destroyed—
there are those who have drank the altered waters, 
and they are the ones who will be left behind—
and they will slaughter all mortals of mankind!” 
The voice stops. 
The little girl falls to ash. 
The fire’s silenced.
The forest quiets.  
She is free. 

She walks to the cliff where her father died. 
Killed by an immortal trying to save its life. 
She places the flower down, alone in this life. 
For she is the only one alive. 

She is free. 

Except. 

“Your head.” 

The voice comes before the strike. 
A hybrid from tainted youth fountain water, 
a new breed of the immortal—
they who call themselves unmortal. 

“Anna Grace.” 

The leaves were crisp along the ground, 
leading to where her head was found.
No body, no soul, no scream, no sound, 
poor Anna Grace fell all the way down.

20. Creatures of the Below
(Shortened)
THECRYPTIC_’s on A Black Moon Sea Anthology Entry

The sea is like ink, rippling in the light of the crescent moon overhead. A figure emerges from the depths, slowly walking onto the shore, its gaze locked onto the forest ahead. Oil-black scales cover its warped humanoid body like a wetsuit. Five floating islands rest high over the sea. 
As the water falls away, the scales peel from the humanoid’s body and collect onto its back, creating something like scaled dragonfly wings. They drape against its backside, the clothing made of hide fraying into beaded strings at the hem. The figure’s tan skin is swollen and purple, its limbs and features bulbous and horrifying. How could she, an ugly one, ever venture out into a world tailored for those who are beautiful?
There’s an airy snicker from the trees, spindly teeth coming forth as a creature removes itself from the shadows. Its back is hunched over like a wilting flower, spinal cord nearly ripping through its paper-thin skin. Its long, sharp nails nearly drag the ground and its beady eyes are black with dilation. Ragged beaded cloths hang loosely around the figure—a male, by the style of them. “Have you come to... join us?” 
As it snickers again, scales that had been wrapped around the bottoms of his feet peel away and slide up to his hands, covering his fingers and the naturally-grown claws for extra support. These shifting scales are called arn, something crafted long ago. They are implanted into children at age five, the injection site called a “reserve”. From then on, they are trained how to use arn for self-defense as armor—never as weapons. However, being ugly from birth, the Night Guardian had been shunned from lessons, her face making even the strongest stomachs turn. She had to watch from a distance. 
“Joining forces those who are righteous for selfish reasons is never the answer,” the Night Guardian responds, her voice strong and raspy. Her winged arn raise and sharpen, lengthen. Over the years, she noticed that her arn was different than others. Hers was more malleable, more flexible. When she was bullied, her arn wouldn’t just protect her, but was also able to slice into other arn. No one had arn that could cut through other arn. 
Until she found the Night Guardians. 
At age thirteen, she slipped from the edge of her floating island above, two girls pushing her around and not realizing how close to the edge they were. She landed with a smack in the moonlight, water crashing around her and taking her breath. Motes danced around her vision as she moved her limbs, strength slowly disappearing as she sunk deeper. Warmth circled her wrist; someone was saving her. Opening her eyes, she saw a glimpse of someone covered in arn. 
She broke the surface, gasping and choking. 
The woman brought her to shore, the full-body arn peeling from her skin and gathering on her back like a cape, moving with life. Her face was ugly, yes, but she looked prettier than any other ugly our protagonist had seen. 
“My name is Misha,” she said, helping her stand. “What is yours, kid?” 
“I was never deserving of one.” 
Misha frowned in sadness. The woman’s thin white hair was speckled with spots of gray, burn scars all up the left side of her body. Was the ugliness purposefully inflicted upon her? 
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Misha whispered as the trees hummed with life. “I’ll try and think of one for you. I saved someone from a fire and was burned, and that’s why I’m ugly. If you want, there is a secret workplace for ugly ones. Your arn looks strong and flexible. We could use someone like you.” 
The memory of Misha sends a pang through the Night Guardian’s heart. The two extra limbs her arn had created just below the main two sink low, plunging out beside her hips like tusks.
A scream pierces the air. 
Human.
The creature grimaces and darts into the trees, and she follows close behind it. 
“How does that feel, pretty one?” she hears, the cooing of several creatures taking over the airways as she stops to take in what she sees, her arn lifting her quietly into the trees above. She counts twelve creatures standing in a circle, chanting and cheering quietly. The extra one in the middle stands over a pretty man. 
The creature from the beach bursts through the twelve and walks over to the thirteenth. 
“The Night Guardian heard the scream.” 
The middle one scowls and thrusts his claw in deeper, digging another hole into his flesh and making him cry out. 
“Guess we’ll have to cut this short,” Thirteenth says in his gravelly voice. “Or would you like to become ugly slower?” 
They’re making people ugly? She thinks to herself, unable to bear this any longer. She wasn’t sure what they really did once they stole a pretty person—none of the Night Guardians were ever able to return with one alive. 
Her arn propel her to the center of the circle, knocking Thirteenth off the man. The man finds the strength to stand. 
“By order of the Night Guardians, you are commanded to peacefully retreat from my presence.” 
One of the creatures attacks with their arn, the appendage cracking onto the ground next to the Night Guardian as she snaps it away with her own. 
She glances quickly at the man as she brings her uppermost right arn around, throwing a creature in mid-jump into a tree. She grunts from the strain. “Run toward the beach when you find an opening.” 
With that, she attacks relentlessly, creating a path for him to retreat. She hears the man cry out just as she dances away from another creature’s claws. He leans up against a tree, claw marks covering the length of his chest, blood saturating his clothes. 
Arns rapidly thrusting at enemies, the last one finally drops, the Night Guardian’s body battered. 
The sounds in the trees tell her there are more coming. 
“Let’s go,” she instructs, woozy from blood loss.
“I’ve never seen arn used like that before,” the man grunts as the grass turns to sand. 
“I am sure you are aware of this, but you cannot tell anyone of what you saw.”
“Yeah, sure. So, what made you look like that?” he asks as they walk into the water, the salt stinging, the Night Guardian’s body close to giving out. 
She glares at him as her arn sweeps over her like a wetsuit, a clear part to see through forming before her eyes. It’s made by stretching out the skin of the arn to an incredibly thin layer. It took her two years to master. “It’s a mild variation of my disease, but it is treatable through expensive surgery.” 
“Why didn’t you ever have it done?” 
“It seems most pretty ones are ignorant like you,” she spits. “This is who we are and money doesn’t come easy to us.”
A new group of creatures burst out onto the beach. She grimaces and turns around, the scales peeling back and forming two appendages, standing tall over her bloody shoulders. 
“Leave me,” she demands, a swell toppling her over. The man shakes his head as he wraps his arms around her and hoists her over his shoulder. She fights him weakly, her body exhausted. 
The bit of arn he kept in his reserve stretches upward and covers his mouth and hers as he dips below the water and swims downward. Behind a wall of coral is the entrance to the portal, and he pulls the doors open. The different colors for each island appear murkily before him, glowing slightly in the darkness. Taking a breath from what’s left of the trapped oxygen, he swims through, green light surrounding him just as the Night Guardian loses consciousness.
~
“You’re awake.”
The Night Guardian sits up, immediately alerted by the change in her surroundings. The pretty man she’d saved is sitting in a chair beside her, his face gentle. Walls made of earth reach up around her. The man has gauze placed over his larger wounds, most already healed. 
“I’m an apprentice to the herbalist on my island. I asked if I could help in healing you. Your disease was easily treatable.”
The Night Guardian stares at him, fear swelling inside of her. Her fingers stumble across her face, the bumps that had worsened over the years now absent. Glancing down at herself, she can see the cuts and scrapes from the creatures, but no more deformities. She shoves the covers from her legs and stands. The knots and bulbous areas have been decreased to a size that’s almost invisible to the naked eye. 
“You had a curable disease that only took you a few days to recover from.” 
She shakes her head violently and rips away from the man, tears stinging her eyes. “I’ve always been deformed—it’s who I was, and I was okay with that! I became the Night Guardian, because of it—” 
She sets her jaw and stands upright, a tear breaking loose. 
“It doesn’t matter what happened to me because of my looks or my arn; what matters is that everything needs something to protect it from harm. I’m supposed to protect in the shadows. That’s why I was born ugly.”
“But you deserve to be pretty—” 
A sob escapes. “I only had a few more years left,” she says, a sob following her statement. “The disease would’ve disposed of me in a few years. Someone as worthless as me doesn’t deserve to walk this earth.” 
The man blinks, surprised at her sudden change in tune. 
He leans down and looks into her eyes, a glimmer of sincerity there. “You are greater than you give yourself credit for, Night Guardian. Your heart is the most beautiful thing about you. Your appearance doesn’t make you who you are. Some of the most beautiful people are the ugliest inside.” 
Her lips quivers. Such kind words... she can feel their warmth, but she refuses them. 
“I must go,” she whispers, taking a step back as he reaches for her. “I will find a way to repay you one day.” 
With that, she darts out of the room. 
~
It’s been many moons since she was cured. 
The trees are saturated in darkness as the Night Guardian leaps through the branches with her arn to help guide her. She looks behind her, the floating islands barely visible past the trees. Their low-dipping season is upon them, their closeness to the water below making it easy for the creatures to climb up and attack their inhabitants.
Something slams against. She catches herself on a larger branch toward the base of the tree. Eyes darting through the shaking trees around her, she spots a humanoid figure. It drops to the branch adjacent to her, the clothes on its deathly-thin body giving away its gender. Female. 
Her nails are pointed but short, legs long and spindly. Her right arm holds onto the branch above her while her left scratches at a long, deep gash down her bumpy cheek, splitting the corner of her large-lipped mouth open. 
“You...” she breathes, her left hand pointing a shaky finger. “You are the one who terrorizes us... Ugly ones...” 
There’s shifting below, the snapping of sticks. 
More creatures have come to play. 
“Revenge,” one begins to mutter over and over, one of his eyes spilling from his socket. 
He continues to ramble on, the Night Guardian’s arn standing tall around her in three appendages while she waits for the fourth to regenerate. 
“Hey, kid,” a voice booms, her voice piercing the Night Guardian’s soul. 
“So that’s what happened to you,” the Night Guardian breathes as she turns to look up higher in the branches.
The creature smiles in the contrasting shadows the moonlight creates on her. 
“I brought you into the world of the Night Guardian,” Misha says, her voice rough now, “and it’s me who will take you out.” 
~
A scream wakes the island, followed by an abrupt gurgling. 
The herbalist’s apprentice who had cured the Night Guardian rushes out into the moonlight. Dawn is breaking, the islands low in the sky. Winter is upon them and the islands are dipping lower each day, making creature attacks more probable until spring. 
A little boy lies still as a creature rips into his chest, giggling with pleasure. Chaos reigns as more creatures climb up the side of the mountain. 
He grits his teeth just as the leading herbalist calls out to him. “Alyn, come inside.” 
His chest aches as he rushes into the building, locking the doors. He’s terrified. Once again, he feels as he did while watching the Night Guardian below, protecting and saving him. 
Helpless. 
Apprentices are rushing around, trying to save the patients as they move them into a locked shelter beneath the building. He moves quickly as he rushes to where he heard a scream, picking up the sharpest utensil he can find someone scrambles out. He peers into the room and his stomach drops. 
On the floor lies the Night Guardian, her blood pooling around her. Glass shards bite into her back as a creature whose skin is scarred from severe burns stands over her, grinning wide. She had thrown the Night Guardian through the window and followed her in. 
“Not so high-and-mighty now, are you, kid?” she asks, kicking her hard. The Night Guardian spits blood as her eyes squint closed from pain. 
“You—said—protect—” the Night Guardian chokes out. “Misha—”
The woman’s name. 
Her head cocks to the side as Alyn catches her eye. 
“Are you her knight in shining armor, pretty boy?” Her nose wrinkles as she drops to all fours, her manmade jagged teeth catching his eye. Her nails are short and groomed, and her muscles are well defined. Her arn lifts from behind her, a massive tail-like structure, pointed like a needle. 
Misha’s quick as she leaps from her spot, pinning Alyn to the floor. She cackles and rears her head back, readying herself to clamp her jaw around his trachea.
She screams. 
Blood splatters onto Alyn’s face as Misha falls over, gasping for air. Alyn looks over his shoulder to see the Night Guardian holding herself up on one elbow, the uppermost right arn she’d used to impale Misha with slowly lifting into the air. She’s able to get a second elbow underneath her as Misha gathers her bearings. 
The Night Guardian finds the strength to stand. She blocks Misha’s next blow and knocks the woman’s arn away. She jabs her left top arn right through Misha’s, the woman screaming her arn gives way. At that moment, the Night Guardian lets go of the doorway holding her up and narrows her eyes as she grits her teeth and rears back her uppermost right arn to strike. 
“I looked up to you.” Her voice wavers as a tear falls from her eye. “I wanted to protect people like you did, and here you are, drowning in your pity.” 
She thrusts her right arn forward, its tip embedding itself into Misha’s gut, the Night Guardian staggering forward with a sob, her knees wobbling. She pulls it out, a bloody smile earned from the woman as a tear falls from her own eye, regret seeping through. 
“Your name...” she gasps between dying breaths. “I thought... you’d like... Kaeda... Wanted... the best... for you... You will... never... be accepted...” 
Her knees give out just as her arn wraps around her like a cocoon. The only thing holding her up are the Night Guardian’s arn. She pulls her appendages from Misha and falls to the ground herself, her body giving out. She smacks Alyn’s hand away as he reaches to help her.
“Don’t touch me.” 
“You’ve lost a lot of blood,” he responds. “You can’t keep fighting like this.” 
She stands, using him as a crutch for a moment as she gathers herself. 
“Did you know...” she huffs, wrapping her reserve around her wounds. “That our arn... can help us... heal?” She takes a step away from him, seeming stronger for the moment. 
He reaches out to grab her arm. He doesn’t know what to say. 
“What?” She asks, her voice drowned out immediately by another scream coming from outside. She grits her teeth and scowls, looking a bit stronger than she was a minute ago. Before Alyn knows it, he’s watching her climb out the window into the midst of battle, and he watches from the sidelines for as long as he can before going down to help the injured. 
~
The Night Guardian wakes up in a cold sweat, alone in her bed. 
The room Alyn had given her in the herbalist’s building is small but cozy, and off away from the bustle of the apprentices. The moonlight streaks in through the window, tainting everything in a pale light. She opens it and sneaks through, the majority of her wounds healed. 
It isn’t her night to guard the islands, but she walks to the portal anyway, her arn covering her body. The green light surrounds her, followed by water. 
She swims to the beach, stepping out of the water and onto the shore. As her arn pulls away and collects on her back, her eyes catch on a body laying just before the trees. An ugly—a Night Guardian. Above him stands a figure with long, thin hair, a bandage holding her together like a doll spewing stuffing, blood saturating it. 
Did you know... that our arn... can help us... heal? 
“Kaeda,” she says in an airy whisper. 
She grins, her jagged teeth glistening with blood. 
“You’ve made them angry...” she says, slowly getting into a crouch as her arn lifts up from behind her. A large hole near the tip verifies her identity. 
“It’s my turn to return the balance.” 
She’s supposed to be dead. 
“Good knowing you, kid.”
Misha leaps. 

21. Nature’s Desolation 

My eyes open. 
Around me are six surfaces, each of them a good and equal distance. Trees hang by their roots above me, reaching down to touch my head, while flowers tangle at my feet. The walls of the cube are filled with things in a garden, animals moving down and across each, the center of gravity beneath them, as if each wall is its own ground. 
But one wall is a plane grey, shimmering like a silver fish in the omnipresent light. My curiosity peaks as I watch it, flowing like a sea. Mechanical sounds reverberate from it as I near, and I stop, turning to look at the beauty surrounding me. This is what I awoke to, this strange, gravity-defied gloriousness touched by the hand of God. 
I distance myself from the silver wall, brushing my fingers over the soft grass lining one of the walls. I press my body against it, testing a theory of mine. Would gravity shift if I did so myself? 
As if on cue, the room seemed to tilt, and I was laying on the very green grass. I close my eyes and take in the serenity wrapping itself around me. If I wasn’t so at ease, my heart wouldn’t be able to take the strangeness of this world. 
The pond in the center of the wall laps along its shore, ducks quacking and swimming in a row along its surface. I smile to myself, letting the warmth take me over. 
My peace is interrupted by the sounds of machines, growing louder from behind the different wall. I turn to look at it, directly across from me now, to see that it is brown and murky. Animals join with the chaos behind the wall, frightened and threatening. What could be happening behind that wall? 
I shake my head, standing and walking around the small body of water, attempting to push the unease from my system. Whatever reason I’m here for, isn’t it for my benefit? Shouldn’t everything I do, and everything that happens to me, be to make me happy? 
The trees beg for me to run through them as I near, and I peer back at the little ducklings as they cuddle with their mother. They’re so happy. That is what a family should be. 
I lift my foot onto the tree-ceiling, and feel gravity shift once again. Squirrels play overhead and chatter above with the birds. The only thing I should be worried about is tree debris falling down onto me, but I can’t help but think about the weird wall. What is happening with it? 
Chainsaws join in with the cacophony of mechanics, cuddling my blood. I rush through the trees and look down at it, the sounds making my ears ring. 
It’s just below my toes, rippling like the ocean in a storm. The color has changed once again, black as soot. I’m afraid of what is hidden behind it, but the noise is so overbearing and my curiosity is too much for me to handle, so I step onto the surface. 
It stills. 
Gravity centers and holds me to it. 
And then, I’m sucked through. 
Black fills my vision as I’m spat out onto a cement sidewalk. 
I’m once again in a cube. The putrid, metallic air makes me cough, and I cover my nose with my shirt. 
Fake grass lines just around the gun-stained cement, rusted cars broken down in the small road attached to it. A vacant, torn down house sits before me, the lights inside flickering. Above me are more buildings, strings attached to lights dangling above the houses, one tree poking through. To my left are machines, those that made the noises from the other side. They’re digging up the trees and setting things on fire to get rid of them. To my right is a land filled with eco-destroying waste. And, before me, on the wall that had the pond in the other cube, is the pond, drained and lifeless. I can see the ducks from where I stand, the mother a strangled, bloody corpse, while one baby waddles, crying out to whoever will help, covered in black oil. 
Tears spring to life as I back up, horrified at what I see. The contrast is terrifying. I want to go back. 
My spine hits the wall, and I wait, while the sounds consume me. Everything is gone. The peace has disappeared, and is replaced with disgust. I don’t understand. 
I turn to the wall that was silver, now glowing a bright green, pounding on it. 
“I want to go back!” I sob, the truth sinking into my chest and ripping me apart from the inside out. The wall is still. It doesn’t ripple, and there are no sounds. 
The mechanics are suddenly silenced, and I turn back around. There is only one sound now: the baby duckling wailing over its deceased mother. 
I sprint to it, careful not to trip on any rusted parts, and I don’t wait for gravity to shift as I run to the pond and take it into my arms. It tries to scurry away, but I catch it in time, shushing it, my tears rolling off its feathers. 
“I’m so sorry,” I whisper to the little duck, the oil saturating it smearing onto me. 
It wriggles from my grasp, waddling back over to its mother and siblings, quiet now. I dig my fingers into the soft dirt and dig a hole big enough for her, and I set her in, snuggling her babies right up next to her, sniffling as more tears wash over my now dirty face. 
A soft prayer slides off my lips and I return the dirt to the place I’d taken it from. The duckling is quiet still, and walks onto his mother’s grave. I can feel it’s sadness as it radiates from its tiny body. 
The ducks eyes lift to me and it quacks lightly. I take it in my hands and move into the house, spotting the sink immediately. I run the duck under some warm water, thankful it still runs, and use the soap to clean it off. I am alone in this square world. Alone except for the duck, who I finish cleaning off. 
I realize I know this house. It’s my own. Was my own. Run down and devastatingly wasteful to the area around it. 
As I walk outside, I step on something large and round. 
A seed. 
I look up, where the only tree above me reaches down to me as it withers away with time. Its leaves are old and are falling to the ground its roots are attached to, but, somehow, its seed had made it down here to me. 
I pick it up with my free hand, turning it, examining it. Trying to balance the duck, I make my way further from the house, and kneel down, placing the duckling onto the grass beside me. I peel up the fake grass, getting to the soil below, and place the seed just beneath the surface. I run back inside and get a cup full of water, pouring some on top of the little seed. 
The duck comes back over to me, and I rest it in my lap, staring at the place I put the seed. I know they don’t grow fast, but something inside me is determined. This tree needs to grow. 
And then, it does. 
It springs up, almost magically, startling both the duck and me. I stand, animal in hand, and watch in awe as nature begins to take back over. Grass dances over the cars and vines stretch happily over the buildings, turning the horrid into something beautiful. The oil disappears from the water and it refills, the machines coming to a halt and are taken over by trees and flowers and roots and bushes. 
The joy begins to shudder back into my heart, chipping away at the fear. 
Behind me, the green wall begins to ripple and animals begin to dart through, making this their new home. The last to come through are the ducks, and I smile and laugh happily, letting the magic of nature fill me back up. 
I was wrong. Not everything will benefit me, and not everything I do should benefit me. Everything I do should be for someone else, for God, and, finally, for the good of this world. 
And as my eyes open to my torn-up room, exploding from my dream, I feel happiness wash over me. I will share this knowledge, and I will open the eyes of those who are blind to this truth. 
We must love earth as it loves us.
22. Lotus 



There was once a chance I didn’t take. There was once a song playing that I soon forgot. And there was once a fire that had been glowing hot.
The moon shone down like a spotlight, saturating our vision with white glowing light. The world had stopped for a moment or two, and I genuinely felt my heart act upon something I always longed for. But things can change in the blink of an eye; I knew that better than anyone alive.
But I could feel the minutes ticking away, the spell withering and the glamour fading. The eyes mine bore into grew in shock, and I felt my insides tremble. The truth and magnitude began to weigh upon my shoulders, and my foot found a resting place a step away.
The mouth asked me a question as my body began to shut down. I could explain, I could tell of the tale and the solution, but the disgust present between our hearts collapsed me to my knees. The dress grew larger around my waist and I sunk to the ground.
His eyes searched me for answers, answers that I was dying to give him, but fear had overcome me. Neither of our figures moved to embrace the other, to beg for answers and solutions. Instead, we stared. Water down poured off my lashes as my skin turned blue. Decay filled my nostrils and the layers of my skin.
With nothing to keep him there but his untold feelings for me, a monster from a nightmare, he turned for a moment, his focus stuck over his shoulder at me as if he longed for an explanation, but I give him nothing but silence in reply. He sprinted away, taking away my only chance to return to the surface with him, my only chance to be loved again.
I remember him from my childhood. He would tend the flowers outside the walls I’d been trapped inside for eighteen years, and I’d see him through my window. Every day, he’d care for the lotus dancing around the water’s edge as ducks swam on the pond’s surface. He’d noticed me one day and waved, a smile blooming on my face. I returned the gesture.
And then there was a man, who, one day, broke into our home. He came through my room first, searching for my parents. He questioned me, but all I could do was cry in terror, begging for someone to help me. I struggled against him and, somehow, the window collapsed behind my back and I tumbled into the closely-placed pond. A terrible pain exploded through the back of my head and I blacked out as the water filled me like a sinking boat. The next thing I knew, I was staring into the eyes of a man, not too much older than I was. A black, whimsical suit covered him from neck to toe, but a terrible, curious smile turned one side of his familiar face into something that looked like pain.
He greeted me, very gentleman-like, and stayed planted before me as my heart crescendoed in my chest.
“That, there, is quite a blessing,” he said, nodding to my chest as his hands found residence in his pockets. “It’s a wonder sometimes if you want it to continue on with what it was created for.”
I said nothing in reply. Fear was blossoming through me as a chill swept through my limbs. I was soaking wet. The last thing I remembered...
My aching stomach churned inside me like boiling soup as my eyes drifted up to my broken window—the one that wasn’t broken at all.
I looked back at the man and nearly stumbled into the pond at the backs of my knees. A glow appeared behind me, catching me mid-fall and bringing me back to an upright position.
“It’s been two months, princess,” he said, his eyes trailing the length of my frame, “they’ve been searching for you a long while now, nearly convinced that you’re dead.”
He stole a step in my direction, his smile growing increasingly sad and decreasingly curious, pulling my fear further upward into my neck. I couldn’t have been unconscious for two months...
“They never inspected the pond; didn’t think the man terrorizing the castle in an hour of crazed lunacy would abandon a body such as yours somewhere so close. But your killer had no knowledge of your final destination as he fled to the next room, ready to destroy your entire family.”
Killer?
“My great grandmother once did a favor for someone of lesser status than you. But I’ve watched you grow, just as I have grown myself, those walls becoming your prison. But let it be said, that by the stroke of midnight, your body will no longer be your soul’s, but the Earth’s, and there, it will remain. It is up to you on whether you ascend or not.”
I found my hands and studied them. How is any of this real? Am I... dead?
“Yes,” the man nodded, “death has visited and taken you, but he has been relieved for the next twenty-four hours. Use each of them wisely.”
Before I could utter another word, he held up a hand, unnecessarily silencing my absence of voice.
“The only way to fight the call of death until the day you were meant to wither away from age is to receive a kiss from the man you belong with within the twenty-four hour liberation from your final goodbye. Consider this a second chance.”
I inhaled, on the verge of speaking once more, when he silenced me again.
“I am aware, yes, of the predicament I’ve set up for you. Death is impatient, and one can only bribe him for so long. But there is something you must know before you find him, either death or your soul mate. Love is a strange thing. For some, it comes immediately and out of nowhere, but for others, it dwells inside their souls for years, never to tell their other half their feelings.” His eyes found mine, filled with pain and glinting with sadness, making me curious as to where his love had disappeared to and why he couldn’t express his devotion. “I hope, for you, it is the former, because the latter is a dreadful road one must travel down, and it is a long one. Time is against you, princess.”
With one long, last look, he waved his hand and vanished in a cloud of smoke, leaving me to find my own way. At first, I was scared, but I found it: my path.
I searched for my parents, I stumbled upon the Lotus boy, and I felt his heartbeat against mine as we danced at that night’s celebration for my return. I knew I’d found him, the one who embodied my love.
We had been nearing midnight, so we walked away from the celebration and danced over the bridge around the pond, until midnight was upon us and I scared him away, the chance of living once more disappearing in the blink of an eye.
The man who granted me this rebirth... I realized earlier I’d seen him in the castle. Not just several times today as a reminder, but many times in the past. He’d come to my room to play games with me when we were younger. We grew together, but we grew apart. And as his face appeared before me beneath the moonlight, as he watched me fall to pieces, he strode up to me and lifted my quickly decaying body off the ground, carrying me like a bride.
“You let him get away, princess,” the man whispered, walking over the bridge, back to the castle. The party continued around us; it was as if no one could see our bodies as we shuffled through—as if we were invisible, even if the party was in celebration of my return. No one seemed to notice that I was slipping away right beneath their noses.
“You’re that boy. My friend inside the castle walls,” I whispered, witnessing his jaw clench. “You gave up on me.”
We crossed the threshold into the castle, the atmosphere changing immediately. No eyes find focus on us as we drift up a flight of stairs, the man having no problems keeping me at his chest; his arms didn’t shake from fatigue.
“You gave up on everything inside the walls,” he retorted, a scowl contorting his face. “I thought I’d give you a chance to see what wonderful things shifted between them, but you had your eyes set on one thing only, and that was the boy who never stepped inside them.”
I could feel my body growing numb and stiff like the castle. Death was beginning to flood my veins and my brain started wandering, unable to focus.
My bedroom wrapped around me as we entered, the man setting my body on the mattress, familiar scents washing over me.
“Was I the girl?” I asked, my voice hoarse and weak, barely above a whisper. “The girl you never told?”
I heard him hesitate as the blankets swallowed my body. A warmth flooded through me, only for a moment, before the cold took back over.
“Was is the correct word.” His words were soft, but they did something within me, something like a dull knife cutting through my chest. “No longer is my love for you something of the present, but it’s of the past, buried deep somewhere in the world of lost dreams.”
Blackness enveloped me; the only thing working on my body was my ears. Even my nerves had closed an eye to the world yanked from me.
There was once a chance I didn’t take. There was once a song playing that I soon forgot. And there was once a fire that had been glowing hot.
There was a pressure on my head just before I was taken away to the unknown, and a small shiver made its path through me.
“But that will always be a lie, my princess,” I heard, his words reverberating through me. “And as tired as I may be of loving someone who has no interest in feeling the same, my love will always endure, for a love like this could never be forgotten.”
My chest was still, my brain was emptied, and everything was silenced within me. All sounds faded away, and I was certain death had greeted me for the last time.
Until I heard the beating of my revived heart.

24. Hans and Margaret
FANTASCI’s 2017 Songs of Spring Anthology Entry

There once was a story told long ago,
Where two children were abandoned-left all alone!
Now they story’s replayed, two different children in tow,
Wandering the forest with creatures unknown.
Pampered and praised, their parents had been talking,
Fear grasped their hearts, so they left and started walking.

“It’s dead,” Margaret whines as she smashes her phone back into her jean pocket. “Now we’re lost.”
“I told you to charge your phone before we left, dummy,” Hans replies, looking skyward, as if the leave would give him an answer to the predicament they’ve fallen into.
“At least I have a phone, Mister Irresponsible,” Margaret chides, sticking her tongue out at him.
“Whatever.” Hans crosses his arms over his chest and looks around, ultimately upset. “Now mom and dad are really gonna leave us behind.”
“They wouldn’t do that. They love us, Hans.”
Hans kicks a rock, sending it flying into a tree. “Oh yeah? Mom was talking about moving without us.”
Margaret shakes her head, trying to turn her phone on again. No luck. “She was joking, stupid.”
“Don’t call me stupid!”
“Stupid!”
Hans walks off in a huff, deeper into the forest.
“Wait!” Margaret calls after him, rushing to his side as an owl hoots overhead. The trees begin to look the same as they continue to walk, technology failing them as they wander deeper into nowhere. They huddle close as the night gets cooler.
“I’m hungry,” Margaret whimpers as her brother jumps at the sound of her voice.
“Well, then you should have brought a snack, Gret.”
Margaret grumbles something beneath her breath at her brother, causing Hans to shove her.
“Hey!” She shouts. “I almost fell!”
She pushes him hard, in hopes to get across she doesn’t want him doing that, but alas, he shoves her back and her butt hits the ground. Tears spring into her youthful eyes and she begins to cry.
“I want to go home!”
“Crybaby!”
“So mean,” the twins hear. A womanly voice carries through the trees and into their ears, twinkling with a pretty, music-like sound. When they turn to see who spoke, their faces crinkle in disgust. A frail-looking woman stands in an open doorway, a long, worn dress draped over her, the orange color making her look sickly. Her silver-streaked black hair is unruly, and rose higher than the trees, it seems.
“You must learn to be nicer to each other.”
The kids move their eyes past the woman, taking in the house that stands all around her. It’s made of gingerbread walls and frosting layers that resemble snow. Mints outline the sugar-glass windows, licorice lining the door made of chocolate. Gumdrops the size of the little twin’s heads scatter themselves along the roof, just begging to be eaten.
“You live in a candy house?” Margaret asks, standing and brushing herself off as she wipes the tears from her face. “Won’t it go bad?”
“It’s magic candy, dear, it can never go bad.”
“Magic isn’t real,” Margaret says, scrunching up her nose.
“Yeah. I know why it’s really not gonna go bad, lady,” Hans says matter-of-factly. “Preservatives. Like the stuff they use on Ramen Noodles.”
“Nu-uh, stupid,” Margaret argues. “They use it on tomatoes.”
“Nu-uh, that’s like, bug spray stuff. Insect-inside. Dad was talking about it, so I know these things. Us men know things like that.”
The woman rolls her eyes as the kids begin to bicker, shaking her head.
“Why don’t you two come inside and have some candy, and I’ll show you why they don’t go bad?”
“Is the candy gluten-free?” Hans asks, locking his fingers behind his back. “Oh, and is there no emmesgee?”
“Hans, remember stranger-danger?” Margaret whispers loudly to her brother.
“But she’s offering candy-”
“Stranger danger, Hans!” Margaret interrupts.
“But if it’s gluten free-”
“Hans?” the woman asks, perking up. “Like Hansel?”
Hans nods. “I hate that name.”
“What’s your name, little girl?” the woman pries, strangely curious.
“Umm...” Margaret hesitates, glancing over to her brother for help. “I’m not supposed to talk to strangers.”
“Then we don’t have to talk. Just tell me your name.”
Margaret’s eyes widen as she tugs at her brother’s hand. “We really need to go, Miss. Our parents might be looking for us.”
“They probably already left,” Hans says, anger lining his words. “Besides, I thought you were hungry.”
“Yeah, but-”
“Come on, Margaret,” Hans encourages, pulling her toward the woman.
“Margaret?” the woman asks, her eyes lighting up brighter. “You know Gretel’s short for Margaret.”
Margaret scrunches her nose. “I don’t like that name. It’s in some story from a long time ago.”
The woman laughs bitterly. “That, it is. Come inside, now, children, and have some candy.”
“But we don’t want to get fat, so we should just go-”
“Gretel,” the woman says, and Margaret feels a sharp tingling inside her body, forcing her to freeze in her place. She can’t even open her mouth to tell Hans what’s happening. “Wouldn’t want to be rude now, would we?”
She waves a finger and the world stretches around the twins, Margaret terrified while Hans is lost in his Ooh’s and Aah’s. The woman snaps her fingers and everything goes dark, except for a rectangle of light on the ground beneath their feet. The woman has disappeared into the thick blackness surrounding them, Margaret finally able to move. They turn around to see where the light is coming from, and realize it’s in the shape of a door. They’re inside the woman’s house!
“She’s a witch!”
Hans looks at her sister, believing her accusation as the door shuts and darkness swallows them whole.
“I’ve been waiting two-hundred years for you to walk back through that door, children.”
The witch’s voice shifts around them in circles, a terrible laugh shattering the twin’s confidence. They hold on to one another, terrified for their lives as metal clangs around them, shackles snaking up their bodies and closing around their wrists and ankles. Margaret falls to the ground as it moves beneath her, and she can’t help but think they’re being lifted into the air as the sounds of pulleys screech above them, chains clanging loudly.
A fire is lit.
One torch rests in the witch’s hand, her wrinkled, terrible smirk sending chills down the children’s backs as the lights dance across her face, creating deep shadows on the walls. Metal surrounds the both of them, trapping them where they stand. They didn’t leave the comfort of their house for this.
“Seven generations, I have waited for this moment,” she breathes, a glisten in her eye. “The fire does nothing to a witch if she escapes.”
The woman cackles as torches suddenly light all around the gingerbread house. Hans and Margaret look at their surroundings, remembering a story quite like this one they’ve been told over the years. Their eyes search for anything they could use against the witch, but appliances have changed along with the times.
The room is large, but it is the only one. There is no bed or bathroom, but only a kitchen and dining room, a laptop and phone resting on one of the counters. Bones litter the floor, bugs scampering over them and up onto the walls. The woman was mightily untidy.
She waddles over to a cabinet and throws it open, squinting as she looks through the old, rotten books that occupy it. She pulls out a few, muttering to herself and paying no mind to the children.
“Hans, I’m scared,” Margaret whispers, drawing close to her sibling. “What are we supposed to do?”
“We’re supposed to go home,” Hans says, a little shaken up. “This wasn’t supposed to happen so soon.”
“Ah!” The witch cries, throwing a book across the room. “Curse those children who pay attention in school. This isn’t a cookbook-it’s too small to be!”
Hans notices the name of the book, How to Eat Fried Worms, and smiles, getting an idea.
“Are you going to eat us?” Hans addresses the witch, wringing his hands together as he recalls the characters of the book. It’s inspired him. And good thing too-he was getting too scared to think. “Because I don’t think you know what you’re doing.”
“Excuse me, boy?” The woman asks, turning to him and squinting to see. “What was that?”
“I said, I don’t think you know what you’re doing. I don’t think you’ve ever eaten a child before.”
“I have so,” the woman growls, coming closer. “Now don’t say another word or you’ll be first.” She walks away, heading over to the laptop, feeling around on the counter. “Now, where are my glasses?”
“Ummm, I don’t think you do,” he presses, his imagination taking over, and maybe too far. “I mean, I’ve eaten loads of kids in my day, and I’ve never been so clueless.”
The woman turns to stare at him for a moment. “But you’re a child, how could you-bah, never mind. I won’t be fooled again.”
“You mean like I fooled you the last time?” Hans’ heart is racing now, begging him to stop. “I could tell you what goes best with children. They’re sweeter than adults, and I can tell you that from experience.”
“You are not Hansel,” the woman spits, grabbing the bars of the cage and rattling it. Margaret falls down, staring at her brother in confusion as he keeps his balance.
“Of course I am. I’m a witch too, and that’s why I’ve stayed so young. For two hundred years. Just like you.”
“But I watched you grow up. You’d come into the forest with your father to lumber wood, and then you moved away and I followed, waiting to get my revenge on you two brats. But you grew up, as did your grandchildren, and they never ventured out into the woods, so I could never trap them.”
“That’s because... I can... change from a child to an adult whenever I want.”
The woman eyes him suspiciously. “Then do it.”
“I, uh...” Hans pauses, is brain coming to a halt.
“He can’t!” Margaret blurts, finding her feet. “Not until he eats a... kid,” she says quietly, disbelieving of the words coming from her mouth. She shudders.
“And what about you?” The witch asks, poking a finger at Margaret. The little girl doesn’t let her touch her. If she does, she knows bad things will start happening.
“I-I am... his sister. He... he’s the one with the powers and stuff. He keeps me young too. But I’m the one that catches the kids for him. He can’t do it, you see, when he knows them. They have to be strangers. He goes funny if he knows them, and he can’t eat them.”
The witch takes this into consideration, her old ears unable to hear the rapidity of their similar hearts.
“Very well.” She takes a step back from the lifted cage. “Go fetch a child for him to eat. I will send a trinket with you. If you do not return, it will poison your blood and you will die.”
Margaret’s eyes grow wide and she glances at her brother. He nods, squeezing her hand as the old witch opens the cage door and pulls her out, Margaret almost falling on her face.
“Hurry,” the witch growls as she slaps a bracelet on the girl. It grows tendrils in a floral pattern and stretches up and down her wrist, clawing into her skin and drawing blood.
“It hurts!” She cries to the woman. “I can’t do this, Hans!”
“Yes you can. Don’t be afraid. You do this all the time, remember? There’s a new kid just down the block from our house. Go get him.”
Margaret nodes quickly and sniffles up a storm as the woman opens the door and lets her out. Margaret begins to sprint through the trees, unsure of what she should really do. And then she gets an idea.
“Tell me the spell,” the woman demands as she shuts the chocolate door. “I want to be young again.”
“Uh, well, I don’t-”
“If you’re lying to me boy-”
“No! No... okay. Well, you need a kid.”
“Right. Check. Doing that now. What’s the next step?”
“Well I can’t really show you inside here, can I? And without a kid.”
“You will remain where you are,” the witch says. “Tell me, so I can gather the ingredients.”
“Okay. Well. I’m. What do you usually eat with kids?”
“Candy,” she smiles, her teeth rotten and falling out.
Hand cringes. “That’s got to change, then,” he instructs, reminding himself of things. “Candy only makes them taste worse. Eat them with vegetables.”
The woman scowls. “I hate vegetables.”
“Do you like potatoes? They’re a vegetable.”
“They’re a starch,” the woman replies. “But yes, I do like potatoes.”
“Okay. You need potatoes. And corn. And... carrots. I like putting in celery and stuff. Cabbage.”
“I’ll stick with my candy,” the witch grumbles.
“But you can’t turn young.”
She frowns. “Fine. Then what?”
“Well, then...” Hans racks his brain. “Then...”
The woman draws closer.
“You... need... cheese! Lots and lots of cheese. As much as you can get. And salt. And pepper.”
“Very well. I’ll retrieve these items from the store.” Her body is wrapped in a pitch-black fog, her clothes change to something more... somewhat, at least, normal than before. Jeans and a black turtleneck. “I’ll be back in thirty minutes. Meanwhile, eat,” she instructs, shoving pieces of licorice and gingerbread into the cage for Hans to scarf down. 
She shuts the door after exiting, and Hans looks around again to try and find something to get him free. He has no idea what Margaret is doing, but he hopes she does what she’s supposed to. If not... this could be the end of them.
Hans reaches for a bone that looks thin enough to pick the lock, and when he can’t reach it, he justifies his inability to grab it with the reminder that he has no idea how to pick a lock, so it would be of no use to him anyway. 
He groans and rocks back onto his butt, the whole cage shifting beneath his weight as he tries to keep his balance. An idea suddenly strikes him like lightning and he’s on his feet, clinging to the opposite side of the bars, facing the wall closest to him. He begins to sway back and forth, moving the cage like a swing. Maybe he can knock the wall down. It’s only made out of cookie, after all. 
Hans swings higher into the air, but can’t go any higher without the fear of falling striking him cold. 
“Hm...” 
He sticks his fist out between the bars and tries to punch the wall as he gets closer to it. 
Not a dent. 
The cage comes to a rest as Hans sits on its floor, unsure about how to get out of this mess. As the moments pass by, he only finds himself longing to be home. He’s not ready for something like this.
The door bangs open and in walks the witch, grocery bags in-hand. 
“Those are bad for the environment,” Hans quips, his hopes crushed. Where is Margaret and why isn’t she back yet? 
“I live in a biodegradable house. I think the environment will forgive me.” 
Hans keeps silent, not knowing what biodegradable means. But if he wants it to look like he’s really old, he needs to act like he does know what it means. Because that’s what adults do, right? 
She opens up the large oven, feeling the heat wash over her. Hans didn’t even notice her turning it on. 
His nerves grow uneasy. 
“So what do I do with all these vegetables?” she asks, placing everything out on her table. 
“Let me out and I’ll show you,” Hans suggests, crossing his arms in defiance. 
The woman exhales and glances back at her groceries, thinking about this deal. Once she makes up her mind, she trods over to the cage and pulls the key from her pocket to unlock it. She swings it open and Hans comes forward, ready to jump down. 
The door slams open, the chocolate breaking and scattering along the floor. Margaret stands in its wake, two tall figures behind her. Hans smiles. 
She did what she was supposed to. 
Hans kicks the woman and she staggers backward, the table skidding across the floor from her heavy momentum. The three at the door barge in, the two figures raising their weapons. 
The twin’s parents have arrived.
“Why didn’t you tell us about her?” their father asks, his crossbow loaded with arrows, waterlogged with holy water. Their mom holds up a knife, the blade a glistening silver.
“Margaret’s phone died,” Hans accuses, sticking his tongue out at her. “Besides, I thought we could handle it.”
The witch hisses and casts a wall before her, protecting her momentarily as she gathers her things, each item floating into her open arms. Her eyes are wide and confused, completely taken aback by the sudden entrance.
“You haven’t completed your training,” their mother chides, moving forward and slashing the long knife against the glowing barrier, creating a hole. Their father lets the arrow fly and it burrows deep into the woman’s chest, black matter flowing from her body like a thick fog as the holy water seeps into her. She gasps, choking on the air around her.
“That was for our family,” the father tells the witch as she falls to her knees, her eyes glazing over and going black.
“But we’ve got to thank you,” their mother says, gripping the arrow sticking out of the old, ragged woman. “Because you helped create the family business: witch hunting.”
She yanks the arrow from the chest of the woman and douses her with a bottle of holy water. The woman turns to smoke before their eyes as the father lights a match and drops it. They exit quickly, the forest beginning to smell like burned cookies.
“Let’s go home,” their mother says as they make their way back to the home they’ll be leaving behind the next day. “We’ve got a long day tomorrow and we still aren’t finished packing.”

25. The Color of Static
FANTASCI’s 2017 Shades of Summer Anthology Entry

Everything I knew would soon fall to pieces.
And it was all my fault.

The sun beat down on me as if it wanted me to merge with the patchy asphalt beneath my feet. My lungs could only pick up the sweltering, dry oxygen floating about and dancing around me as if I’d no other option but to die from suffocation. But I did, and I always have. 
The work doors in the center of my lonely town stood erect before me, and every inch of my skin longed for the cool touch of its air-conditioned rooms and somewhat-comfy chairs as my blistering bare feet nearly gave out on me. It was a mile walk from the shack I called home with five other brothers and sisters, but it was necessary. We worked. That was the only option in this world, besides death.
I pushed the door open with all sixty pounds of my body and nearly face-planted on the floor, but I held myself up, changing my stance.
“WELCOME,” the two robots at the door said in unison as I shoved the door shut. “IDENTIFICATION PLEASE.”
From the ripped pocket of my best blouse, I produced my microchip, which I refused to place inside my body like many others agreed to. It wasn’t mandatory, but it was highly suggested, especially with how many holes are in the average person’s clothing. It could get lost so easily.
But I was always careful and always kept it in the same place. I even made a small pocket inside the pocket from a tatter of one of my dresses just to keep it safe. It was my lifeline, as it was with the rest of my family. They couldn’t afford for my chip to disappear.
I forked the tiny square over, the thing the size of the nail on my index finger, and the robot to my right scanned it, the color red washing over it in haywire lines. The light turned green and the robots both stood up, staring at each other until the next worker walks through the doors. It was only ten o’clock, my shift second. The first shifts had begun to stand to leave, dreading returning home. Home is where poverty lingered and tainted their lives.
“WELCOME, JANICE DAYNE RIVERA,” they told me, and I began to hobble painfully into the room. The chilled floor felt like a miracle on my bloody feet as I walked down three rows and sat in the fifth seat. I was one of the lucky ones; I didn’t have a physically demanding job most days.
The computer sprung to life and I taped the chip to the center of my palm as I rested my hand over the thin mouse. Immediately, the computer sprung to life. Across the screen was Welcome, Janice Dayne Rivera in plain white letters. I touched the mouse with my middle finger and the desktop came into view. The news was up to read first, as it always was, letting us know of what’s been happening in our world since we’ve been away from work, which is only for about nine hours. It’s amazing how much you can miss in the matter of minutes.
The country adjacent to ours was at war with someone else and we were being warned of radiation risks in areas with high population. Another notice alerted us of bombs erupting close to our work building because we were allies with said country. I knew neither of these things would affect me in any harmful way, so I dragged them to the trash can at the top left of my screen. The last article, which I was actually interested in because I was helping work on it, was the one I maximized the window of and read hungrily, as if my life depended on that. And, technically, it did.
If it was completed, perhaps the government wouldn’t need me anymore and I’d become a war test-subject.
My heart began beating heavily. Selfishly.
I inhale.
It is finished, the title read. Over the past seven years, workers have been putting together the machine that would change life as we know it. Weather has been the number one cause of death and worker-loss for many years now, heat the main culprit of our critical decrease in population. However, this morning the devices will have the final touches applied to them via coding, and will be up-and-running at around three this afternoon. After three, please remain inside and away from all windows. We will do our first test-run of the devices here in our country. Once the test is over, the sirens will silence and all citizens can return to their normal work schedules.
My fingers were steady as I closed out of the last news article. A message popped up, assigning me to a task.
Coding.
Workers required: 1
Check codes for flaws and irregularities. This is the final step in completing your job. Congratulations.
I hesitated before closing out the assignment window. This is your final step in completing your job. I didn’t know what they’d do next. When my mother completed her job, they forced her to be a test subject against radiation. To see how much she could take before she keeled over.
And she did, like a plant set on fire. We had a funeral for her, but I refused to let my siblings see her warped and discolored body. They didn’t need to know how important war was to the world.
When my father became too weak to carry the heavy weapons from one building to another, they assigned him to sneak letters across the border to our allies. He’d been away four months, and I didn’t believe he’d be coming back. So I had to live as if he wouldn’t be.
We’d been placed in front of jobs our entire lives. Most of it was for learning purposes, like coding, which didn’t take me long to figure out, and then I was placed on this job. Seven years. Started learning coding when I was five, and then at age seven the government recruited me into one of the highest paying jobs, which was twenty dollars a day, just to sit at a computer and type in commands.
I opened up the window to go over the numbers and letters and words, and scanned everything for any flaws. Luckily, what would take someone else three days, it would only take me a matter of hours before I completed reading over it all. Surely the government would find my skills useful and not throw me into the toxic wasteland just a few miles outside of the population’s radius, right?
The self-learning machines would affect the environments around where they’re placed, which is on every continent we have as allies. And though I wished no one would use it for warfare and instead to sustain life on planet earth, the feeling in my gut told me they would. Why wouldn’t they, when this ten-year war has been raging on and destroying the planet? Why wouldn’t they, if it meant having power over everyone else—anyone else? Are we made of nothing but greed?
Two o’clock rolled around and I completed reading over the last line of code. I pulled the assignment window back up and marked the box next to the word COMPLETE. My heart hammered in my chest with worry and anticipation. What would they do with me, now that I’m obsolete?
Your job has been completed. Congratulations and thank you.
I exhaled heavily. Now what?
My fingers trembled as I lifted my hands from the mouse and keyboard. The screen went black and I stared at it, as if it was a black hole, sucking all of my attention into it.
Now what?
“JANICE DAYNE RIVERA, PLEASE COME WITH US.”
The robot’s voices startled me, and even drew some attention from some of the workers around me. My breath was only a quiver of air as I stood, terrified of what would happen to me now. My life was pointless without a job.
I followed the two glossy white humanoid robots, the sounds of their joints sounding like metal and swooshes of air that I wasn’t allowed to breathe. Their parts were worth more than my house alone. People from other countries would sell their parts on the black market to their enemies, committing treason and yet gaining some much-needed cash in this world. But I could never do that. This is where the robots originated; the security would be too challenging to break through if I even wanted to.
They led me down a winding hallway and we eventually stopped at a white door, its handle shiny. I felt like I’d contaminate it with my poverty if I laid a finger on it, and this whole place would fall into ruin. But I did it anyway, a beady-eyed man in an almost-clean suit turning around in his swivel chair and smiling at me. He was fat, something almost never seen in this world, and I realize he spends his money more on food than anything else, even though he doesn’t need to. Starvation would do him good.
“Welcome, Janice Dayne Rivera,” he said, standing to shake my hand. I return the gesture, dirt rubbing from my palm onto his, but he paid no mind to it, smoothing down his crisp blue shirt. It was the first I’d seen without a hole anywhere on it. “I am Dean Harl Beakant. I see you’ve completed the job you were assigned to seven years ago.”
I nodded, unsure of what to say. “What do I do now?”
“Well, usually, we have our workers assist us with jobs inside our military,” he said, lifting a few papers up and shuffling through them. “But because you’ve become so excellent at coding, I was able to get you a spot at working in the government. What do you say?”
In the government? “What would I be doing?”
The man is slightly taken aback by my question. “Most likely helping with the war, of course.” He smiled. “Don’t you want your people to be safe?”
We will never be safe, I wanted to say, but I held my tongue.
“Will I have time to think it over, or must I choose now?”
“You have until ten o’clock tomorrow to choose. Otherwise, you will be defaulted to helping the military on a physical scale.”
I nodded. “I understand.”
He stacked the papers on his desk and turned to set them away from his body.
“Very well then, be safe going home.”
I nodded and stood, ready to make the hour walk home in the terrible, unbearable heat. I gathered my emotions and walked stiffly through the hallways of the building. The robots took me to another room and reprogrammed my chip, which took about twenty more minutes. Once complete, it was returned to me and I was given my pay for the day. Twenty dollars.
I made my way to the doors, heat hitting me like a brick wall, and I forced myself to move quickly over the hot ground. A merchant gave me a loaf of bread and three slices of meat. One dollar and thirty-two cents jingled in my hands, the metal hot from the sun. Jezabel and Rayna would love the bread. It’s rye, their favorite. The other three boys, Tom, Jeremy, and Isaiah would fight over the meat. I smiled slightly through the pain crushing through my feet. They’ll be so happy. The pain is worth their happiness.
The three boys would be home before I arrived, and I knew Jezabel would be about ten minutes away. Rayna would be getting off at three, but she has a longer walk. They might even keep her an hour over because of the test run.
The sirens began to wail. The test was about to start. I wasn’t even close to home, but I didn’t think anything could go wrong. After all, I’d been working in collaboration with others for seven years. There shouldn’t be a single letter out of order.
Suddenly, the heat disappears. I stood still in shock, the sweat dripping down my body suddenly chilled by the change of weather.
The machine worked.
I smiled and hollered, excited. All those years of hard work actually paid off. Now my feet wouldn’t blister or burn or rip because of what’s left of the bubbling tar, even in the winter months. Happiness washed over me and I forgot all my troubles within that moment, but only for a minute as I continued home, happy I did something good for the world and nothing for the war.
There was an explosion to my left. It jerked me to the side and I hit a wall. Immediately, the machines compensated for the sudden heat and the temperature began to drop quickly. Within a matter of seconds, I could see a soft cloud forming from each of my breaths and my throat began to feel prickly with ice. I stared at the building in the distance, the one I’d just come from, hoping that my coding would work, that the self-learning machine would adjust and realize it’s getting too cold.
And then another bomb slammed down just next to one of the large antennas that projected signals to each device that would take the weather into consideration and knocked it over. I began to panic.
I was on my feet, my ears ringing, running as fast as I could. I needed to get home and make sure my family was safe; that they were all home from work and none were caught outside.
Storm clouds rolled overhead and thunder echoed in the distance as another bomb took over the airways. Airplanes zoomed overhead, their engines murmuring with chaotic laughter.
The air only grew harder to breathe as my poor feet bled out onto the splotches of asphalt, careful not to step on the rocky dirt between them. My clothes did nothing to shelter me from the cold and my fragile fingers began to turn blue as snow began to fall. At first, it was light, and then a flurry built up just as my small shack came into view: four walls with three worn-out mattresses taking up almost all the space inside. I’d built it myself with long metal pieces I’d found in the junkyard and bricks and rocks from the rubble around it. It wasn’t much, but it was all we had.
Through the white fuzziness, I noticed a black, tattered beanie bobbing on top of a small head, and I recognized it immediately.
“Rayna!” I called through the growing blizzard, and she turned to look at me.
“Janice!”
“Get inside,” I commanded as I neared her, wrapping my arms around her to keep her body from shivering so violently. The boys grabbed us around the shoulders to keep us warm too as I looked around for Jezabel. Every inch of me wanted to go out and look for her, but I knew she’d be safe. She’d run inside if the weather got bad; there were bunkers just for that. Of course, we would only be able to use them if it was an emergency and we weren’t already on our way home. I crossed my fingers that’s where she was.
The shack shook with the repercussions of another bomb sent down to harm our country, a few of my siblings stifling tears. Tom, the second oldest at eleven years of age, held onto our sister and brothers for dear life, whispering to them that it would be okay and it would all be over soon, but as I stood by the door and listened to the wind turn to howls, somehow, I knew it wouldn’t be okay. I knew it wouldn’t get better.
The storm creeped in through the cracks of the walls, reaching its spindly fingers out to grasp us and pull us to our death, and I felt my body growing increasingly numb by the second.
And then, there was a voice.
I wrenched open the door, the snow built up to my thigh, and looked out into the distance. All I saw was white.
Except for something struggling its way through the storm.
I cried out and dived into the snow, another bomb upheaving snow a ways back, and I watched as the person went flying into the air. I recognized the red shirt immediately; not many people wore colors now. I’d spent two day’s worth of money on it just for her sixth birthday. Jezabel.
I rushed through the snow, barely able to move as it absorbed the life from my feet and stole the heat from my body. She landed not far from where I was shuffling, and I couldn’t see her moving. Instinct took me over and I picked her up in my arms. Little puffs of air were shifting in and out of her lungs and her body was shaking like an earthquake. I started to make my way back, the muscles in my legs begging me to stop and attempt to get warm, but I couldn’t. I needed to get her home.
The next thing I knew, I was flying through the air, my eardrums busted as blood trickled down my cheeks. I landed in the snow, the white powder covering both of us as if we were corpses in its way. A plane flew overhead as my body stopped processing what it needed to do to survive. Jezabel’s legless body laid next to mine, saturating the snow in blood as red as roses.
I’ve let my family down.
Everything I know has fallen to pieces.
And it is all my fault.
26. Restoration
FANTASCI’s Winds of Winter Anthology Entry

My blade cuts through my opponent’s arm. 
“Surrender,” I command, pressing the blade against his throat. “Surrender or I will end you.” 
He grunts, holding his bleeding-out arm, the blue falling to the ground in globs. His long beard hangs in choppy masses from our battle and his eyepatch droops to reveal his empty eye socket, his bumpy skin creating strange patterns on his face in the light. 
“Never, for if I do, my empire will fall to you—”
His words are cut short, head rolling to the side as his body drops. I wipe his liquid off my metal and fling it onto the ground. 
“I never did like trolls,” I grumble, turning to the pedestal he’d been guarding. 
The room around me is lined with veins from tree roots, creating a dome-like structure. The walls glow with the light from the blue gem shard in the center of the structure, floating in the air. I reach forward to take it, the metal that had been infused with my fingers tingling and growing a red hue on their tips as they draw near, the gem shuddering at my presence. It will try to protect itself at any cost, even destroying itself. 
And I can’t let that happen. 
I take a breath and push forward, my fingers touching the surface. 
I cry out. 
Blue washes over me. 
Always use your gift for good, Yunae. 
That voice. 
A distant memory. 
I promise, father. 
I grit my teeth, fighting the pull into the memories, desperate not to be pulled back into that frame of mind. I’m stronger now, my name is famous. Everything I am is because I left that world behind. I left it all behind because that’s what everyone wanted me to do, they expected me to let it go. They expected me to grow in my strength and fall. 
What better way to prove to them I can be whatever I want by showing them I can be more than what they thought I could? 
I let out a cry. 
“You will not break me,” I shout to no one. To everyone. To the inanimate object that picks at my lost memories. 
Father. 
The world around me changes. A meadow stretches out before me, a small hut made from the land sitting on the other side of our small field filled with corn. There’s a chuckle to my left and I turn to see my father shake his head, laugh lines making his face wrinkle even more. 
He was a short, scrawny man who worked too hard for his own good. Ultimately, I believe that’s what killed him in the end: too much hard work for people who treated him unfairly. Not because of me. 
He scratches behind his pointed ears and his wings flutter in the breeze as it makes the cornfield sway. 
“You were showing off for that girl again, weren’t you, Yunae?” He sets a bag filled with corn on the ground, wiping his brow with his dirty sleeve. My sisters laugh as they play in the field, the littlest one crying for my help in a playful shout. 
I pout slightly, pride shoving itself forward. Her father had seen me holding a metal trinket and showing it off. I’d never seen anyone so upset over a small toy. “It’s not my fault I’m the only boy in the kingdom who can touch it.” 
“But it is your fault for showing it off,” my father says, giving me an accusational glance. “One day someone’s going to hear about your special abilities and take advantage of it. There are a lot of bad fae in this world.” 
“I don’t think anyone will try and take advantage of me,” I argue, keeping my tone light. Besides, metal is rare in our world. It isn’t like the humans or the techies. We only get whatever falls through our wormholes in their worlds.” 
He sighs. “That’s my point, isn’t it?”
“You don’t think they’ll try and make me go through a wormhole to another realm, do you?” I ask, scrunching my nose. “I could die if they force me to do that. Why would I do anything that would risk my life?” 
“The adrenaline rush,” my father shrugs as he picks the bag back up. “Enough chat. We need to get back to work. This corn will rot if we don’t harvest now.” He turns to head into the field when he stops suddenly. I’m just about to pick up my own bag when his eyes turn solemn. “Always use your gift for good, Yunae.” 
Confusion rises within me but I brush it away. “I promise, father.” 
He nods once, his face livening slowly. “I just want you to know that you can always go back to how you were, even if you feel like it isn’t possible.” 
I nod, not really sure why it is he’s telling me these things. I doubt anyone would ever try to take advantage of the human part of me. 
...you can always go back to how you were, even if you feel like it isn’t possible...
The world twists and warps again, returning to the troll’s hideaway for their precious gem shard. It had been split between four of the races: the fae, the trolls, the humans, and the techies. Once placed together, they will mesh and become one all-powerful stone that will fuse with its holder, giving them the strength and abilities of all four races. With it, the holder could watch the world burn. 
Just what it deserves. 
I chuckle to myself. 
“Well, father, it looks like no one but myself is taking advantage of the gift I was born with.” 
I tuck the shard into one of the four pockets sitting diagonally across my chest, snapping the lock over it so it won’t fall out. I rub the metal that had been warped from the troll’s gem. 
The tree roots begin to wither around me, turning gnarled in the soil it holds. The troll’s king will be notified by the dying trees around the gem shard (a stupid and silent alarm system) and will have several of his people after me. 
Good thing I know where the wormhole is and how to end up in one piece and in the correct time on the other side. 
Good thing trolls are dimwits. 
I walk quickly out into the open, the dark sky twisting with red clouds, speckles of white drifting below them like pocket-sized stars, creating a magical glow in the night. The stars against the sky remind me of red mushrooms, things trolls like to use as houses under the large trees that stretch past the clouds. 
I push aside long, overgrown moss as darkness envelops me, sounds of things scuttling around me and whispers ripping through the air. If I wasn’t as strong as I am, my nerves would be on fire and I would panic until I couldn’t breathe. If I didn’t go through my transformation, I wouldn’t have been able to step foot in this forest. I was weak back then, a poor excuse for a man. To that, I will never return. 
I draw my sword, feeling the air grow heavy as I near the wormhole. When I first came through, going the opposite direction, I noticed large claw marks on the trees and even bigger paw prints in the damp soil. Whatever the animal is, I’m ready to slay it if necessary. 
My foot pushes deeply into a print as I switch my weight and take another step, hyper-aware of the sounds around me. Only a few more steps, and I’ll be—
Something comes smashing through the dark, bellowing a bloodcurdling roar. The ground shakes as it takes a step toward me, tumbling forward. I leap to my left, back against a tree. My eyes sweep over the beast. 
A large, humanoid creature with small, black, beady eyes and a mouth like a cave with razor-sharp teeth stare back at me as it lifts itself up. Its bulbous body is like dough that someone had tried to tame with string. Leaves and moss drape off its dark green skin, splotches where mushrooms grow from almost glowing in the darkness.
It lets out another cry and reaches for me, clumsy hands with long, sharp nails barely missing my face. I swing my sword around and cut through half of his sausage finger. He rears back in agony and I take the distraction to dart past it and leap through the wormhole. I make sure to keep my body tucked into a ball so I’m not tossed anywhere but where I want to go, the gem shards pressing against my torso and warming them to an uncomfortable degree. I only have one more to collect before I can call this a success. 
The lights around me brighten and then dim as I’m tossed into a world lit by lightbulbs. When I stand, I take in my surroundings. The large, metal city stands tall before me, several roadways wrapping upward and around in circles, making the whole thing look like a frozen tornado. A streetlight flickers to my left, sparks falling to the ground and sizzling out as it touches the slightly acidic water puddles on the ground. Wires over wires fill what’s at eye-level as people walk about. Some are half-robot while others are full, but they’re all considered techies. I became one of them three years ago when they learned about my gift. 
I grit my teeth at the memory. 
The blue stone glows inside my pocket. 
Everything changes. 
Metal walls surround me, a perpendicular green glow set into the material the only light. My head is groggy and my eyes have trouble focusing. Restraints hold down my wrists and ankles, the coldness reaching my bones. 
It’s the first time I fell through a wormhole. 
I didn’t know it was there, back behind the farmer’s market, hidden inside a large tree. I don’t understand why I even went inside; I guess that’s curiosity for you. 
A techie comes in, rubbing his hands together. A glowing red eye replaces his left one, silver and black tendrils of wire sewing themselves in and out of his cheek and down his neck. He’s a cyborg in the loosest sense. 
“Hello, intruder,” he says to me, his voice monotone. “How did you get here?” 
My vocal chords seem to have tied themselves. I cough. 
“No matter. You seem like a fae creature from one of the other realms. Have you come to spy on us? Or perhaps you misread the dangers of metal against—”
His eyes fall onto my wrists, which I notice are strapped down with metal. Not a single sign of atrophy is seen on my skin. 
He grips my hand, making me yelp as the metal pinches. 
“Perhaps just iron, then,” he whispers to himself as he turns to grab something from behind me. I hear rummaging. 
He comes back around, holding a thick iron bracelet, and places it against my neck. The metal is chilled, but still my body doesn’t react. 
“Minter!” he calls, eyes lit with inspiration. A robot with a plain, white face walks through, showing no emotion. “This fae isn’t affected by metal of any kind. Do you have any records of that?” 
The robot makes a beeping sound and comes closer on its awkwardly long legs. “No records. No fae creature can touch metal.” 
“So what’s so special about you?” the man murmurs, looking me over. He smiles wickedly. “I’ve an idea.” 
The world changes around me again and I’m back on the street, the lamp above me flickering annoyingly. 
I pull out my sword and run my fingers over the hilt, metal weaved over metal, and feel for the button glowing a slight green. Once pressed, there will be all those who follow me in this city walking behind me to help me get the last shard. They expect so much from me. They don’t like the way their government is ran, which is where I come in. When I retrieve the last shard, the government will dismantle itself trying to gain control of its city as it powers down. If something isn’t done when they notice the first lights going out, anarchy will break out and everyone in the city will begin shutting down, all of the people running off electricity. I hope they have a backup plan. 
Actually, I don’t rather care, either way. 
Techies begin to pop up as I stride toward the city, my broken wings on fire at the memory. Turns out the only thing on my body that was affected by metal was my wings. Go figure. 
The man fused my body with several metal parts, none of which were to make me part robot. He found some terrible delight in my being a fae with metal forged to stay in my body and it won’t affect me like normal fae. Joke’s on him because he’s dead. 
The techies cheer me on as I walk by, ready for a revolution. 
I bust open the doors to the large government building, the robot at the front desk jumping from her seat, startled. She begins to say things I don’t care to understand and I push past her, my sword clanging against her head and severing some important wires. She slumps to the ground. 
I press a button on the wickedly-curved elevator and walk inside once it opens. It’s only a matter of time before someone comes to see what the problem is. 
The elevator falls downward, a new number showing in the screen beneath the buttons. Beneath the number, it says Sample Needed. I scoff and slam my fist against it, my fully-metal hand making it beep and malfunction, letting out several sparks. The lights inside flicker and the elevator drops faster. I lower myself into a ball, ready for the impact. 
The small room crashes. The ceiling caves in. 
I catch my breath and stand through the rubble, the metal warped.
They need a better security system. 
Lasers begin to ricochet off the walls as two techie guards, one a cyclops and the other a cyborg, shoot at me. I smile and thrust myself forward, my sword slicing through the first, his human-like organs spilling to the floor. The second gets a shot on my hip, making me grimace as I block out the pain. 
His head rolls. 
I march into the room behind them and hit the sliding doors until they cave in, the last green shard glowing on yet another pedestal, shining like metal in the sun. This time, I waste no time in grabbing it, watching as it melts nearly through my metal palm. With my other hand, I take out the other shards and drop them next to the techie’s, watching as they come together like magnets. I smile as the last shard, the fae, glowing purple, creates the full shape. A burst of energy pushes out around me, creating a power surge, and the lights go out. Fire runs through my veins and my body grows twice its size. My muscles ripple as they extend and increase in size. I trace my steps and move to the crushed elevator, crouching low and jumping, reaching for the edge of the floor two stories above me. I swing upward, laughing at my sheer power. The ground shakes as I pull myself onto the first floor. This world is doomed for destruction. 
I sprint through the streets, people cheering in their ignorance, and throw myself through the wormhole in a broken-down hover-craft, just large enough to let me fit through. I land in the troll’s world, bounding through the forest and ripping down the trees that hang low for their protection. Now that their stone is gone, they won’t be camouflaged from the ogres. They’re all good as dead. I make my way back through the hole, landing in the fae world, my home. The humans don’t need any more destruction on top of their own; they’re already unstable on their own. 
I sprint through the market and toward the castle, drawing my sword. Blood spills from the guards. The doors break at my force. The king’s eyes widen as more fae swoop in to protect our king. I smile, pushing another guard off me and leaping to stand before the king, placing my blade over his throat. Blood saturates my clothes, my face, my metal. 
“You’re Hatald’s son,” he whispers the skin near my sword growing black. 
My heart quivers. 
“Who sent you?” 
I grimace and push the blade tighter. I can feel the guards creeping up on me. My hands begin to glow at the possible threat. 
“This is all your fault,” I grumble, my muscles coiling, ready to pull the blade through his bones to end the royal line. He has no wife. No son. 
The king’s eyes fill with understanding. 
“Your family, your sisters, your father, they died because of the metal you collected as a child. We can’t—be near it. We become deathly sick.” 
“It wasn’t my fault. It’s yours for allowing my father to travel to the human world and bring back a human.” 
“It was our military’s job to—”
“You’re the reason why she died. Why they all died. Now you’ll pay.” 
“You father wouldn’t want you to be this way. You’ve strayed too far from what he expected.” He coughs, head lolling in his chair as his chin bumps the edge, turning black as well. His skin begins to turn green with illness. “Go ahead and kill me,” he whispers, his voice almost too hoarse to understand. “But it won’t fill the void eating your heart.” 
I grit my teeth and pull the blade through. 
The king is dead. 
The guards fall one by one as they attack me. I head for the door. 
The sweet air greets me, but there’s still a gaping hole in my chest. The gem melted into my palm lights it with fire as if it’s filled with gasoline. I’m filled with anger. With confusion. 
All the worlds are falling. I’ve avenged my family’s deaths. 
Now what? 
I find myself walking to my memories. The small hut comes into view, run-down since I last saw it. The corn in the field are dead and falling over, crows picking at the ears not covered in the winter snow. For a moment, I see me as I was, small and weak, but determined to show my worth. 
...you can always go back to how you were, even if you feel like it isn’t possible...
I clench my jaw, silencing the words. Why would I ever want to go back? 
“Yunae?” 
The small feminine voice reaches my ears and sends a chill down my spine. It can’t be. They’re all dead. 
“Brother?” 
I spin to find my youngest sister of three staring at me wide-eyed. She’s maybe ten now, her feet buried in the snow. 
“Impossible,” I breathe. 
Her eyes fill with water as she comes closer, ignoring the green tint she gets as she nears the metal. 
“I’ve missed you,” she whispers in a sad voice. “I’ve missed you...” 
Tears overtake her. She tells me one of my father’s closest friends took her in when they all got sick. She was the only one that was saved. Little Kanena. 
I remember my father burying my siblings. He never told me that she was still alive. He acted as if she had gone with them. He was so close to death then... he was so close to death. 
A light snow begins to fall from the sky, settling onto our long dark hair, every curl matching. Suddenly, my heart changes form and the fire disappears, leaving behind crippling guilt. 
I fall to my knees. The gem falls to the ground, all four colors creating patterns in the snow. I return to my normal size, the metal in my body growing colder as the temperature drops. What have I done? 
“Father said you might do something drastic,” Kanena whispers. “He said you might blame yourself for this misfortune. I wasn’t as sick as the others. He said to stay a secret and hide until you were gone. But I... I couldn’t stay away from the house. I was hoping you’d return, Yunae... I was hoping you’d return to me. Please come back. Please. I need you.” 
My heart melts and I stare at my hands. 
What have I become? 
...you can always go back to how you were, even if you feel like it isn’t possible...
I look to the sky, every sin I’d committed and let the first tear fall. 
Father. 
There’s no possible way I could return to who I was. I’ve changed. I’ve become someone I don’t recognize. I can try, though. It’ll be a long process, but I know I can be better than I was because of where I’ve been, even if that path is too dark to find a light. Maybe I’m not what my little sister needs, but perhaps I am. Or I will be. 
You can never fall too far. 
Come what may. 
“Forgive me.”


26. Caged 
A script

Cast

-Charissa: Tim’s mom.
-Joe: A headstrong, high school boy who always sticks his nose where it’s not wanted. Tammy’s ex, who she dated for three years. He used to be friends with Tim. He’s very violent. His best friend is Mark.
-Mark: Joe’s follower. He’s a very loud guy who is always hanging around Joe. Also one of Tammy’s close friends, but betrays her to Joe about liking somebody besides Joe. 
-Mr. Cole: The vice-principal at the school. 
-Tammy: A sweet, pretty girl, who dated Joe for three years, and secretly has liked Tim, but was pulling away from him because she thought she loved Joe. She is outgoing, and is not afraid to speak her mind when it’s about her friends, or her, feelings.
-Tim: Tammy’s best friend, and has been for three years. He’s very quiet, but very understanding when it comes to people laying out their problems onto him. He’s in love with Tammy, but will never tell her because of Joe. 


Caged

Setting: open up to a large garden filled with flowers with a fountain in the center. Tammy and Tim are sitting on the bench in front of the fountain, with roses all around them.

Tammy:   (Sighs, looking up at the sky)  Do you think I’ll ever get out of here? I mean, out of this town? 
Tim:   (Looks at her and smiles)  Well, yeah. If it’s what you want to do. Anything’s possible. 
Tammy:  Well, not exactly anything. I mean, I feel like I’m trapped in a cage, and when I sing, no one can hear my voice. 
Tim:  So you’re comparing yourself to a bird? (Laughs)
Tammy:   (Laughs along with him)  Actually, yes. Yes I am. It’s just… I’m afraid that I’ve been in this place too long, and—and it’s making me feel like I’m being strangled. I want to breathe new air, meet new people. But I’m afraid… I won’t know what to do when I go somewhere, or what I’m supposed to say to get to where I’m gonna go, and I don’t want to do that by running back home to mommy and daddy like a little girl. I just… I feel trapped. (Rests head in hands) 
Tim:  (Rests his hand on her shoulder)  Tammy, you can go anywhere, and you can do anything, and I’ll be right there to help you through it. 
Tammy: (Smiles at him, and hugs him quickly) Oh, thank you, Tim. (Checks time on phone) But I have to go now. I’m late for dinner. We’re supposed to be having a “family night”. So much for not wanting to run home to mom and dad, huh? 
Tim: (Smiles.)  See ya.
Tammy:  G’night (Gives him a quick smile and then pushes herself off the bench.)

Looking at his palms, Tim sighs, and pushes himself off the bench as well. He starts walking on the sidewalk through the rose beds, and then suddenly hears a twig snap beside him. Turning around, startled, he peers through the growing darkness between the trees. Not seeing anything, he turns around, and sees Joe standing in front of him.

Joe:  Sup, Tim? (Standing with his arms crossed, his face hard like a statue.)
Tim:   (Groans)  Joe, you scared me. (Tries to push past him) Move, dude, I have to get home. 
Joe:   (Laughing.)  You can’t go anywhere. (Pushes Tim back playfully)
Tim:  Joe, seriously? Let me get by! I’m not in the mood. 
Joe:  But the show… (Smiles virulently) Has just begun.
Tim:  What show? (Beat.) Never mind. I don’t have time for your little games. (Turns around, bumping into Mark. Staggers back.)
Mark:  You’re not going anywhere, Reynolds. 
Joe:   (To Tim.)  So I heard you’ve been talking to my girl. Isn’t that right, Mark? (Mark nods as Joe walks toward Tim.)
Tim:  She broke up with you, remember? (Shoots a taunting glance at Joe) 
Joe:  (Harshly)  Not that I recall. 
Tim:  (Smirks)  Sure. Whatever you say. But look, (sighs) we’re just friends. No need to worry about anything there. 
Joe:   (Bursts out laughing.)  Is that the category she put you in? Hah! (Violently pushes Tim back, and pulls him in by his jacket, his face too close for comfort for Tim. His voice sounds low and powerful.) You stay away from her, freak. 
Tim:   (Takes a deep breath, holding down the anger)  Only if she wishes me to.
Joe:   (Forces a smile and a laugh)  If she wishes?! Hah! (Suddenly becomes serious, and punches Tim in the cheek.)

Tim falls face-first into the rose bushes as the two boys burst out laughing. He groans, flips onto his back, and Joe is standing above him. Joe kicks him in the stomach.

Joe:   (Straddling Tim’s ankles.)  You’re pathetic. (Walks away, smirking, and both Mark and Joe walk off laughing, leaving Tim in the rose bushes alone in the darkness.)

Tim heaves himself from the ground, and rubs his cheek. Picking the thorns off his arms, he headed home. He trudges in the front door, and his mom turns to look at him.

Charissa:   (Worried)  Oh, my gosh! Tim! Are you okay? (Hugs him, and searches his face, inspecting each of his facial features for any other signs of harm.) 
Tim:  Yeah, mom. I’m fine. (Pushes her away.)
Charissa:  Well, obviously you’re not! You’re hurt. Who did this to you? (Puts hands on her hips.)
Tim:  Nobody, mom. Nobody. Just leave it alone. I’m going to bed. 
Charissa:  But Tim—
Tim:  Mom! I’m fine. (Stalks off to his room, leaving his mom behind.)

Fade out. Fade back in to Tammy’s room as she’s talking to her friend

Tammy:  I’m worried. (Beat.) About Tim, who else? No, not Joe… Well, yes, kind of… It’s because of Tim I’m afraid. I—… Well, yeah, you know that I know that I kind of do like him. Or maybe even more. But since Joe is… Joe, I don’t know what I should do. (Beat) Should I..? (Beat)  Okay, I will. I’ll tell Tim tomorrow, but you cannot tell anyone, Mark… Wait, what? Is that Joe in the background? Don’t lie to me! Really, Mark? Really? (Beat) Good. (Beat) Wait, what..? You told him? What?! You told him I—? Mark, are you serious?! (Groans and gets louder as she talks.) I don’t care if he has the right to know, because he freaking doesn’t! He’s not my boyfriend anymore, and he can stop being so protective! (Slowly and softly) Go ahead and tell him that Mark. And while you’re at it, tell him that you knew everything and you didn’t tell him a single bit of it. Go ahead. See what happens to you then. (Slams the phone shut, hanging up on Mark.)

Fade out, back in to the front of the school.

Tammy:   (Spots Tim, and runs over to him.)  Hey. (Beat) Oh, my gosh! Are you okay? (Hugs him and studied his face.)
Tim:  I’m fine. 
Tammy:  What happened? 
Tim:   (Pushes past Tammy, looking around for Joe and Mark nervously.)  Nothing.
Tammy:  That’s a lie. It was something! (Watches as he walks away, and then rushes after him.) Why won’t you tell me? (Stops in front of him, blocking his path.)
Tim:   (Sighs and looks around, spotting the boys.)  I can’t talk to you here. Follow me. (Leads Tammy to the back part of the school, and pulls her in, embracing her, as if it was the last time he would get to do so.) You were right… (Lets go of her, and looks at her in the eyes.) That boyfriend of yours—
Tammy:  He is NOT my BOYFRIEND! (Gasps, realizing what had happened.) No… He did this to you.
Tim:  Well, yes but don’t—
Tammy:  I knew it! (Marches away before Tim could catch her.)
Tim:  Do... that…
Tammy:   (She stomps right up to Joe who was back in front of the school with his friends.)  What the frick?
Joe:  Oh, hey babe. (Tries to put his arm around Tammy, but she pushes it away.) What’s the big deal? Is that guy not paying you any attention?
Tammy:  That guy happens to be my best friend.
Joe:  Ooh, he’s only a friend! (Laughs hysterically.)
Tammy:  No. He’s more than that to me. 
Joe:   (The grin fades from his face.) He told you, didn’t he? That snitch. I’ll show him—
Tammy:  He didn’t have to tell me anything for me to know! What is your PROBLEM? 
Joe:  Everyone’s looking, babe—
Tammy:  DON’T call me that. We’re done. For good. And you can do whatever it is you were doing with Kourtney Elliott behind my back freely. 

Ooh’s circled in the crowd around them.

Joe:  You can’t just walk away from this, Tammy. (Watches as she walks away.) Babe..?

Tammy walks up to Tim, who was silently laughing to himself.

Joe: (Desperate) Tam!

Tammy looks over at him, and, with her back toward Joe, slips her hand into Tim’s. They start to walk off together.

Joe:  You—(Walks up to Tim, and punches him, throwing him to the ground.) 
Tammy:  Joe! 
Joe: (Leans down, hitting him in the face frantically.) You’re dead!
Tammy: STOP! (Grabs Joe’s fist when he swings it back.) 

Tim punches Joe in the ribs, making Joe back up a bit. 

Joe: (Lunges toward Tim again.) Agh!

Tim dodges Joe’s blows, and then hits him in the shoulder and the nose.) 

Mr. Cole: (Runs up to the boys.) Alright boys, break it up. I said, break it UP! (Wedges himself in between them.) Now, what happened here? (Beat.) Well? 
Tammy: They were just working out some problems… (Slips behind Tim, weaving her hand into his.) 
Mr. Cole: Fighting is never the answer! I would like to see both of you in detention for the rest of the week. (To the students crowding around them) Now, go home before your parents start calling the school to ask where you are. Go! 

Joe huffs and walks away with Mark following behind him. Snickers erupt from the group around them, and whispers turn to laughter.

Mr. Cole: I’ll see you two tomorrow, Reynolds. 
Tim: Yes sir. (Nods, and walks away, pulling his hand from Tammy’s and leaving her behind.) 
Tammy: (Follows Tim and tries to keep up with his pacing.) Are you okay? 

Tim ignores Tammy and keeps walking away from her, picking up speed. 

Tammy:  Tim? Hey! (Runs and stops right in front of him, making him suddenly stop.) I’m talking to you! 
Tim: Well look where that got me.
Tammy: What? No, Joe is just… stupid, and he gets so jealous so easily. You know that. 
Tim: Well what do you want me to say, Tammy? That I’m glad you got what you want, just like you always do? That I’m glad I got detention? I’m glad I got a black eye? How about that I… I feel pathetic? 
Tammy: No, I just—
Tim: Just what? You feel bad for the guy who’s “just a friend?” You feel sorry that I got beaten up because of you? 
Tammy: Now just wait a minute—
Tim: I’m not going to wait another minute for you! Three years, and you just now want me here. Three years of seeing that arrogant face next to yours. Three years of heartbreak that he has given you each and every time you turned around. Those three years I was by your side, and you had no clue that I was there. For you. And now, look where that’s gotten me. A black eye and a bloody nose. I’m done waiting for you. (Turns to walk away) 
Tammy: (Grabs his arm, making him spin around.)  Do you remember when you told me that I can go anywhere, and do anything I wanted and you’d be right there by me? 
Tim: (Quietly)  Maybe…
Tammy: (Speaking softly.) Well when you said that, I was so happy. (Smiles sadly.) You have no idea. I wanted you to be there with me, no matter what happened. And I know it sounds crazy, but over time I started to realize I couldn’t see my life without you, Tim. (Starts speaking faster.) And I may not have noticed it at first, but when I started to trust you, I started to fall in… to fall, and—and that’s why I haven’t been talking to you much lately because I was afraid to tell you and I—
Tim: You only started trusting me this past year? 
Tammy: (Speaking fast.)  Well, fully, but I knew I could trust you with most things like—
Tim: But what about Joe? What would he say? 
Tammy: Who cares? And he is never going to bother me again, no matter what because I have you, I mean, if you want to still be there by my side when I’m… whatever, and now I actually know what I feel, and I know it’s so cliché to be saying this, and the best friend that actually liked the girl, (Speaking fast again) which, I’m not saying you did, because if you did, I would’ve thought you would have told me sooner but—

Tim takes her face in his hands, pulls her in and kisses her. Tammy tries to hide her smile.

Tim: Now who said I didn’t like you. (Smirking.) 
Tammy: Um… You did? Like at the beginning of this year? And just now? Before…
Tim: I wasn’t lying. 
Tammy: (Smile fades) What? 
Tim: I wasn’t lying. (Smiles slightly.)
Tammy: But you…
Tim: What? 
Tammy: You just… (Groans.) Great. Just great. The Amazing Tammy embarrasses herself once again. (Starts to walk off, tears welling up in her eyes.) 
Tim: Wait. 
Tammy: (Shakes her head and keeps walking.) I’m good. See you later.
Tim: Wait! (Runs in front of her.) Do you want to know why I don’t like you? 
Tammy: (Looking at the ground.) Not really, no. 
Tim: Well, I’m going to tell you anyway.
Tammy: (Looks up at his eyes, and then back at the ground.)  Fine. 
Tim: Tammy. (Lifts up her chin with his hand.)
Tammy: (Tries to avoid his eyes, and then, finally giving up, looks him in the eye.) What?
Tim: I don’t like you because… (Smiles) because, Tammy… I love you. 
Tammy: (Surprised.) What? 
Tim: Yeah, I said it. (Lets go of her chin.) I love you. I always have, and I always will. 
Tammy: But—but…
Tim: No buts. I do. Really.

Tammy smiles and hugs him tight.

Tim: (Returns the hug.) I really do. 
Tammy: (Pulls away and wipes her eyes. She looks Tim straight in the eyes, smiling.)  Well, that’s a big problem. 
Tim: (Confused.)  Why?
Tammy: Because I don’t like you either. (Smiles wide.) I love you too.

Tim smiles at her and kisses her again.

Fade out

The End
Author’s Note 

Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed these short stories and excerpts I’ve created through the years. I hope you enjoy what stories the future brings! 
