
LOTUS ISLE

Key the First: The Vulcan’s Price

By
DON P. BICK
Electronic edition published by Don P. Bick.
Copyright 2011 by Don P. Bick, all rights reserved.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.


For those who believe there are other levels of life out there.
ORACLE OF THE FOURTH ORDER

For it shall come to pass when those arriving in this world will accomplish the necessary prerequisites; move into peace and tranquil freedom; into a Golden Land of plenty. The alternative is darkness and death.
When a representative arrives from each of the seven major globes during the same year, they shall face the challenges together. If successful, they will unlock the secrets and enter the Ring of Fire.
The path to this Golden Land lies across the magical Bridge of Seven Colors. One end of this Bridge begins within the Ring of Fire. The other sets in the Golden Land. The Bridge spans the gap for all the dead and dying to cross: thus, they enter a land of pure being, into a world of eternal life – the Golden Land.
A quest to gather the keys which will unlock the secrets of this Bridge shall be led by one who arrives in the Golden Flower - a representative from globe the fourth. He will be accompanied by the illusive one and the red warrior. The rest of the members will be determined by calling upon the initial guidance of the mystical cave. This mystical cave lies at the head of a creek that replies to all who speak - the seven will be revealed there.
Solve the secrets of this Bridge and the doors to death will be closed forever. Fail to solve the riddle and the Lotus Isle will become a place of torturous evil and darkness, an unspeakable world of corruption.
Seven golden keys are necessary to unlock the final door, admitting entrance into the Ring of Fire. Each of the seven quest members must possess one of these keys to gain entrance through that final portal.

KEY THE FIRST: The stone door, barring the way to this key, is opened when it is realized the door is an illusion. As the south wind blows and the eastern mountain peak radiates its whiteness in the west, so shall the pass to this key be revealed. The eagle in the west holds the key in his mighty talon.

KEY THE SECOND: The dying flower shall be revived by the giver of beauty and life. The flower grows in the west, south of the living lake, north of the wind. The wind blows its bowed head toward the living. Its roots search in vain for fertile soil. There is only rock, surrounded by water. When the flower raises its head, and smiles, the key is given to the giver.

KEY THE THIRD: The animal's hatred is discharged by the red one, leaving an open path for the retrieval of the key. The animal's passion surges to the fore when speared through the heart. His lair is in the southwest at the base of the golden peak. The slain one yields up its key to the slayer.

KEY THE FOURTH: The fruit of the golden flower moves upon the lake of fire until the cool center is reached, and thus the key. The flower's seed blossoms into a master among men when the key is grasped from above. The volcano lies in the center, waiting to send out its new life to all things dying. The fruit of the golden flower creates his key from the union of the dead and the living. As in the manner of arrival, the fourth is the last, the seventh.

KEY THE FIFTH: The illusive entrance into the cave of darkness lies midway between noon and midnight. The reflection of the shining stone reveals the key and the way. Only the quickened one sees and responds. The shining stone lies in the north where the river issues forth from the mountain lake.

KEY THE SIXTH: Submerged within the lake of night lies the lighted jewel. When blue smothers the light the key is rendered unto the newly enlightened one. Deep within the dark bowels of rock there exists a placid lake of night. Light upon the mystery of its location reveals the exit.

KEY THE SEVENTH: The dark chamber explodes in terrifying beauty, revealing that which has been hidden, the key to the Bridge. At the moment of shattering the key is given. They know it not but proceed to take up the fourth.

The quest is sanctified before the Ruler of the Waters. The seven members pledge themselves in uniform purpose.

Let it be known:

1. The Plutonian brothers shall remove the dead ones.
2. The Vulcan on Serpent Isle will exact a price for their contribution.
3. Death will be revisited, while the mystery of the Sun shines forth.

The mysteries are deep, the rewards great. To fail is to live a torturous and painful death, forever. To succeed reveals the way of life, and thus truth and purpose.
PART I

Chapter 1

The speed was beyond comprehension. It seemed he was moving as fast as the speed of light. And it was terrifying! It was also exhilarating! Flashes of white light flew by so fast it was impossible to grasp the nature of whatever caused the brightness. And then there was a vision of stars. A never-ending space filled with millions upon millions of stars, all in his mind. The farther upward he traveled through this starry vault the lighter he became. And as he became lighter, the less he noticed his earthly concerns, until finally they just dropped away completely. There was no longer any anxiety. No worry. No pain. In fact, there was no place within him for these emotions. What he felt in their place was pure bliss; an aliveness that went far beyond description. A sense of peace filled his entire being. A peace he had never dreamed existed; never could have conceived was even a possibility.
What was happening to him, Camran wondered? A moment ago, he had clutched at his chest, the pain had been excruciating! He had walked out of the apartment to pick up the newspaper. The pain started when he bent down to pick it up. In no time the pain had become unbearable, and then there had been a bursting sensation in his chest. Now here he was on this journey upward, this fantastic journey of incredible speed. But where in the name of life was he going?
I must be dying, or I'm already dead, was his half-interested thought as he continued being propelled through space toward who knew where. He had absolutely no control over his forward momentum. Somewhere along the way he finally resigned himself to the fact that whatever was happening was completely beyond his ability to control.
Camran did believe in life after death but had never gotten around to trying to define it or figure out what it might be like. He knew it wouldn't entail sitting under a fig tree eating grapes all day. If consciousness remained after death, what does that consciousness do? What is there to think about during this after death time, if there is in fact such a thing as time? Perhaps thinking about memories of the life that had just ended? Perhaps something new and exciting lay just beyond the realm of death? Do we exist in another body, another world? What life after death might be like, if it did exist, he could only guess. These questions flew through his thoughts as he traveled at unbelievable speeds in the ethers of inner space. In any event, he figured he was about to find out the answers to some of these questions firsthand.
Suddenly, his forward speed began to slow. Just as quickly as the lightening fast trip began, it ended. All along the upward way Camran had noticed lights streaking by. Now there wasn’t a hint of light at all. None! Only darkness! And such incredible darkness at that! He stopped moving, even more aware of the lack of light around him. He stared deep into the total blackness, but no light could be seen anywhere. He was now completely motionless. But he was alive! Even so, he felt like he was in a non-place. Maybe this was just some weird trick his mind was playing on him? Perhaps he was lying in a hospital bed somewhere in a coma.
It took a few moments more to get used to the fact he was no longer moving. After the speed he had been traveling it was like stepping off a fast spinning merry-go-round. His mind was telling him he had stopped speeding, but the rest of him didn't yet believe it. The sensation of traveling at those indescribable speeds persisted in all his extremities.
“Where am I?” Camran spoke aloud, wondering if this was to be his place of judgment and what possible fate might be awaiting him. Although it wasn't much consolation, he was positive he had traveled upward, rather than down.
He waited for some time trying to guess what would happen next. He didn't have a clue. Nothing in his life had prepared him for such an experience. In fact, this whole adventure left him so mind boggled he had no idea how to go about deciding what might happen next, much less what to do if or when something did.
In the complete darkness a few minutes seemed like hours. The peacefulness and euphoria he had experienced only moments earlier was gradually giving way to feeling the way he was used to feeling; a little apprehensive and unsure of himself. Sure, he still felt on fire with life. It was the anticipation and expectation of the unknown that tugged at his consciousness, dragging him back into those commonly felt emotions of his earthly mortal world.
That's funny, mused Camran, as he realized he was feeling his legs with his hands. Believing he had just left his pain racked body behind, it was a strange feeling. He still felt completely free from it. There was no pain or bodily discomfort. He sat there contemplating how weird it was thinking you no longer were in a physical body, only to reach down and feel your legs. He was also surprised to realize his legs were bare. A quick check confirmed he wasn’t wearing any clothes, very odd, to put it mildly.
When nothing happened, after waiting several more minutes, Camran decided to investigate a little, as much as was possible in the darkness anyway. He felt a floor beneath him. At least there was something solid there. He began to feel his way around where he was sitting, only to discover that it wasn't a flat and smooth floor. Neither was the floor dirt or any material he could immediately identify. Baffled, but finding no hazard as far as he could reach, he slowly began crawling forward, hands sliding ahead of him a few inches at a time.
Parts of the floor seemed to curve gently up into dull points. These points were several feet above the flat portion of the floor and were surrounded by cracks. In some cases, the cracks were wide enough and deep enough for him to step down into. This he did twice, fearful he might not find the bottom as he lowered himself down into the darkness. He had to step down into the cracks in order to climb up and investigate the inclines. Both times he learned there was nothing up there but the floor coming to a point. He crossed several more of these cracks as he continued to grope forward in the darkness, all the while hoping that he wasn’t simply crawling around in a circle.
Camran had to believe he was steadily moving away from where he had been sitting. He didn't want to think otherwise. He had always been gifted with a good sense of direction; however, it was so totally dark he couldn't be entirely positive he wasn't traveling in a circle.
Slowly he worked his way across the floor, constantly wondering what might lie just ahead of his outstretched fingers. At least he was doing something and that alone kept his mind occupied. Not sure if he was waiting for someone to show up or for something to happen next, he continued to explore. The more he thought about it, the more convinced he became of what had happened to him. He had died. There could be no other explanation. He wasn’t lying in some hospital bed; the pain in his chest had been too severe to have survived. But his present circumstance certainly wasn't what he expected to find after dying, if that indeed the case. 
Camran was unprepared when it happened. Lost in thought he reached out and felt something in front of his face. It was so unexpected he instantly recoiled at the touch. He became aware he was holding his breath. Slowly, he let the air out of his lungs and took a moment to steady his breathing. Then once again he reached forward, ready to withdraw his hand if need be. What he felt was smooth and soft like fur. Was it an animal of some kind? Camran waited. He heard nothing but the sound of his own breathing, or was it his own breathing? Do you breathe after death, thought Camran, as he listened intently to the empty sounds of the darkness surrounding him? Nothing moved, nor did anything come forward and touch him. His heart pounded in his ears, a heart he believed had quit working. He waited a little longer; regaining a small measure of his composure, then crept forward and touched it once more. Yes, it was soft and smooth. Almost like the fur of a cat, but more like the feel of a fine cashmere coat. Camran felt to both his right and left. He had encountered a wall. It wasn't flat and straight but rose in a gradual curve, higher than he was able to reach. It also extended in both directions, to his right and left, in a gentle curve. He must be inside a dome like structure, or something along that line, he thought. 
Camran began to feel his way around the curve toward his left, hoping there was a door or opening in the wall. "Wish I had a flashlight or a book of matches," he muttered, as he continued to shuffle to his left while feeling along the wall. For long minutes he groped his way around the enclosure, trying without luck to peer into the darkness for an opening or doorway. He found none.
An hour or so later, it was hard to gauge how much time had passed, Camran was sure he had made a complete circle. He had probably gone completely around more than once, but really had no way of knowing. The wall had a gentle curve to it but the enclosure didn’t feel so large to him now that he had circumnavigated the outer wall. At least he felt somewhat relieved at knowing his surroundings a little better, even though his investigation hadn’t really told him much. He didn’t seem to be in any immediate danger and that alone provided a measure of comfort.
He decided to go around the wall once more in case he missed something the first time. He had nothing with which to mark a spot. Not even any clothes he could take off and leave in a place of beginning. As he felt around the wall, no where did it feel different than any other. Camran was at a loss as to how to determine the extent and contents, if any, of his newly discovered prison. And he still couldn’t see anything, even though he had been in the darkness for some hours now. There was no light for him to use to adjust his eyes.
The second time around was no different than the first. He could find no door or opening in the wall. All the way around felt exactly the same as everywhere else on the wall.
Apprehensive and shaken, perhaps the first faint signs of panic starting to set in, Camran decided to sit and wait for something to happen. There was nothing more he could do, having explored all he could in the darkness. Still, he wasn't really frightened. He rationalized there was nothing he could do about his present situation, so it was probably best to just sit and wait. Surely someone would come, or something would happen soon. He leaned back against the wall and tried to relax.
The silence was total. Camran was more tired from his ordeal than he realized. The longer he sat, the more relaxed he became. Soon he began to dose, and not long after that he fell fast asleep, lying naked in the darkness on the floor of his unknown prison.
The room was dimly lit; shadows flickered eerily upon the walls. Camran stood before a smooth rock wall. He was in a cave. On the wall before him were chiseled some words. The words at the very top he could clearly read - Oracle of the Fourth Order. They were larger than the rest. He couldn't make out the smaller letters, there wasn't enough light. He somehow knew the words were important, but his feet wouldn't move over to the torch, which lay off to his right, in order to get more light. It was also cold. And he was becoming frightened.
The room began to warm. He felt a presence behind him, although he was unable to turn his head and look. He was paralyzed, not able to move at all. But it was a comforting presence and the fear that had been building quickly evaporated. A disembodied voice, a silver twinkling of words, softly, yet clearly, registered in his ear; "Seek the Bridge of Seven Colors." That was all, and then instantly the warm presence was gone. He sensed it before he felt it.
The room became cold and fear started to set in once more. And then there was another presence near him. Although this time the presence was dark and evil. He tried to scream but was unable to make a sound. Desperately he tried to turn and run but couldn't move. It became colder, and with the cold he became more frightened. He began to panic as a booming evil laughter filled the room. The voice echoed off the walls and pierced his flesh like icy needles.
Camran cried out in his sleep, yet he didn't wake. His cries were muffled by the furry walls of his confined space, although there was no one near to hear the tortuous sounds anyway. Moments later he settled into a deep fitful sleep and spent the rest of the night without any further dreams.
Chapter 2

The sun felt good on Camran's face as he slowly awakened from his restful sleep. He was going over in his mind what he would do at work that morning, wishing it was the weekend and he could just lay there and not get up. What crazy dreams, he thought, thinking over the trip into space at the speed of light, then the darkness and soft walled dome he was imprisoned within. But most clear were the words; "Oracle of the Fourth Order," followed by that hideous laughter. A chill went up his spine just thinking about it.
Wait a minute. What sun? The sun doesn't come into this room! As quickly as he could, Camran forced himself awake. He had to struggle upward into consciousness. He felt as though he had been drugged. Gradually his eyes came into focus as he dragged himself back into the realm of the living. Then he was sure he was still asleep and dreaming. What he saw was extremely beautiful. It was also impossible! 
There was no visible sun, however, as bright as it was, there could have been two suns shining. The sky was a deep, deep, blue and the daylight was brighter than the brightest day of summer he could ever remember. The brightness should hurt his eyes, but it didn't, thought Camran. There were no stars twinkling on the dark blue background in the sky, either. “Where am I?” again questioned Camran out loud, in awe of the sights around him.
He was surrounded by large patches of water. At least that was what he thought it was. Clear looking light blue water with what looked to be large leaves floating on the top, clogging areas here and there. And, what was that out there in the water? It looked something like a dome, but not quite. And yet it seemed familiar. Standing up, Camran walked forward a couple of paces before recognition dawned on him. It was a lotus flower, a gigantic lotus flower. No, not a single lotus flower, lots of them dotted the horizon, their colorful heads raising high above the water, filling his entire field of vision for as far as he could see. Turning, he saw he was surrounded by them. The flowers rose substantial distances above the water surface, making them appear to be exotic colorful platforms instead of beautiful flowers.
He recognized and knew them to be lotus flowers because of the trip he had taken to Asia a couple of years ago. Many of the gardens he visited on that trip had lotus flowers growing in them. He always made it a point to see as many gardens as possible on his trips, being something of a gardener himself. His rose and flower garden at home was the envy of the entire neighborhood, where he and Sara, his wife of ten years, had lived. That was back during the happy years, before the divorce three years ago. The house had been sold as part of the divorce settlement and he had moved into the apartment.
 Everywhere he looked there were giant lotus flowers. Some of the ones he could see were not yet opened. There were several different colors. Although there were many too far away to see clearly, Camran could see green flowers, a red one, some blue, and a gold one all fairly close. They were all very beautiful rising up out of the water, the various colors of their petals shining in the daylight.
When it came to flowers these were beyond any floral beauty he had ever seen. All their colors were reflecting off the water in the bright light of day, the deep purplish-blue sky added to that beauty, presenting a picture his mind was barely able to grasp.
Suddenly, he understood his prison of the night before. He was standing in one; a huge lotus flower that had opened with the morning light. It opened quietly as daylight dawned, while he was still asleep. The cracks and upward curves he had felt crawling around in the night were nothing more than the seed pods of this immense flower. Now that Camran could see it, what he had felt in the darkness all made sense. The petals soft and smooth, when closed formed an enclosure like that of a dome. Solving that mystery still didn't tell him where he was or how he was going to get off this flower. He was high above the water. And then, what if he did get off? He could swim, but to where? Where would he go? There was nothing but water, leaves and lotus flowers as far as he could see. What might exist beyond his sight he had no way of knowing in this strange place.
Camran recalled from his trip that lotus flowers grow up through the water and the flower is usually some inches above the surface. Walking over to the side of the flower he looked out across the petals to the water below. These flowers weren't several inches above the water, but many yards. Briefly he entertained the thought that he could travel from one leaf to the next, but there were huge spaces of open water that he knew he would be unable to swim across. And even if there was somewhere, he could reach by swimming from leaf to leaf, at this height the jump into the water would probably kill him.
That thought caused Camran to chuckle since it was dying that put him where he was to begin with.
"Ahoy there," came a call from the far side of the flower, startling him.
"Ahoy there," again came the cry as Camran quickly moved toward the other side of the lotus. He was unable to see anything directly below him and he couldn’t tell exactly where the call was coming from. Camran reached the far side of the flower and knelt on one knee, near the point where the petal folded down. Looking out over the extended petal he could see the masts of a sailing ship. The sails hung limply in the still morning air. Judging by what he was able to see it wasn't a large ship, and it was completely made of wood.
"Ahoy there, Matey," came the cry once more.
"I'm here," yelled back Camran, as he leaned out farther over the petal. He was afraid to move out onto the petal itself for fear it wouldn't hold his weight. It might bend down, and he would slide off, falling several stories to the water below.
"Jump onto the ship, Matey," yelled the man from the ship.
"Are you nuts? Who are you?" Camran yelled back. He was unable to see who was yelling up to him, however, he was able to see the ship better now. It had maneuvered out slightly from the base of the flower, exposing a row of oars. They extended into the water from ports about midway between the upper deck and the water line. Judging the distance from the ship to where the oars entered the water, they had to be many feet in length, and a lot of work to operate.
"I'm the captain of this ship, Matey. Now jump," returned the man from below.
"I'm not jumping anywhere!" yelled back Camran.
"You can either jump, Matey, or stay where you are," replied the captain.
"Don't you have a ladder?" asked Camran edging farther out onto the petal.
"No, we don't have a ladder," said the man. "If we had a ladder, I would have asked you to climb down the ladder! Now are you going to jump or not?"
"It's too high; it will kill me to jump into the water from here." Camran shouted with his hands cupped over his mouth, still unable to see who he was talking to in the ship.
"Not into the water, Matey, into the net!" the exasperated voice of the captain carried back up to him.
"What net?" questioned Camran.
"The net in the middle of the ship! Are you blind also?" came the man's sarcastic reply. "Move out to the tip of the petal and jump!"
"I don't think the petal will hold me if go out on it!" Camran answered as he slowly inched his way out another foot onto the petal.
"If I didn't think the petal would hold you, I wouldn't have said to walk out on it, now would I?" came the scream from the ship.
Camran gradually kept moving out toward the tip of the petal and sure enough the petal was much stronger than he had anticipated. It barely gave at all, even as he neared the tip. He now had a good view of the ship and he also saw that it was farther below than he originally thought. It had to be six or seven stories down to the ship and then a couple more to the water. He could see the net, although it looked awfully small from his vantage point. Camran had never really been afraid of heights; however, neither had he ever had to look straight down from this kind of height before. It was unnerving, to say the least.
Even though he had just experienced death, he wasn't prepared to die again, at least not so soon. There was no way of knowing what would happen if he died while in this world. Sure, next time he would be prepared and know about the flower, but who was to say the next time would be the same as this one. No, Camran thought, he didn't want to die again. But what choice did he have? There was nothing in either direction for miles but water. He had to jump and take his chances with the man on the ship.
"Jump!" came the taunting voice from the ship.
Camran stood up at the end of the petal and immediately wished he hadn't. The ship was rocking slightly from side to side and he wasn't at all sure the net was directly under him.
"We don't have all day, Matey," yelled the captain.
Camran jumped. He didn't know how he mustered the courage, but he jumped. Downward he plunged toward the ship and the net. The closer he came the more he realized how high he had been and how large the ship really was. As it turned out the ship was in perfect position and the net exactly where it needed to be.
Just before he landed in the net Camran realized he was stark naked. With all that had been going on and his thoughts occupied with other things, he had forgotten all about it. He hit the net trying to cover his nakedness, conscious of not wearing any clothes but oblivious to the fact his last-minute act of modesty might be jeopardizing his safe landing.
Camran landed in a sort of fetal tuck position, which could have broken his neck had he landed on it. However, landing on the net was softer and easier than he would have guessed. He landed on his back with the net gently absorbing his impact. The net rebounded without so much as lifting him back into the air. He wondered what it was made of to respond like that after the height from which he had just jumped.
Looking through the net he reeled back in shock at the sight of the man standing on the deck below him. At least he looked like a man, sort of. The first thing Camran noticed was his color. He was green! Not a bright green or a dark green but he had an overall greenish tint about him. Not only did his skin have a green cast to it, so did his beard, which was short and pointed.
The man was short and portly. Not anything at all like he had expected the seaman to look. It hadn't occurred to Camran that the man he had been talking to would look any different than any other person he was used to seeing. “Where was he anyway?” Camran asked himself once more.
The captain had a large round shaped head, which, except for his beard, was devoid of any hair. His ears looked somewhat like round fluffy buttons, while his eyes were close together and set deep into his head. He wore nothing above the waist except a pair of wooden bracelets, one on the upper part of each arm. He had on what looked like leather pants and seaman's boots, while around his waist hung an ugly looking scimitar. The blade was gold and shiny; however, it was the length and menacing curve that caught Camran's attention. "Was this man a pirate?" Camran wondered.
"Crawl to the edge of the net and shimmy down that rope, Matey," the captain commanded, pointing to a rope hanging down from the side of the net. The rope almost reached the deck some twenty to thirty feet below. "Quickly, Matey!" yelled the captain, now with a note of urgency in his voice.
"Who are you? What do you want with me?" asked Camran as he made his way toward the edge of the net.
"I'm Captain Nepturos, captain of this ship," replied the captain. "Now quickly, down the rope and below."
Obeying the captain, Camran scurried down the rope and landed on the deck of the gently rolling ship. "Where are we and where are we going?" questioned Camran, not moving any closer toward the strange looking man.
"All in good time, Matey, all in good time. Now hurry and get below." the captain said as he opened the hatch in the deck and dropped through.
Perplexed as to what was going on Camran had no other recourse but to do as he was told. He had no weapon, no clothes, and for the first time noticed how hungry and thirsty he was. He lifted the hatch and followed the captain down the narrow stairwell to the deck below.
The first thing Camran noticed as he came through the hatch was the smell of sweating bodies. And both ends of this deck were open. The upper deck didn't extend over the open sections. Camran thought it strange the sides of the ship, at these open ends, extended up several feet above the deck. It was impossible to see the water while standing on this level. There were several seamen tending to their duties at the masts, which were in these open, lowered areas of this main deck. They were green and portly as well. Certainly not the look one would expect of seamen.
They descended another narrow flight of stairs onto another deck. This level appeared to be mainly cabins. The middle section of the deck was open except for a few support poles in the center. On this level rope netting was stretched over the window like openings and they appeared to extend most of the way around the ship on this deck, as far as Camran could tell.
Camran again became conscious of being naked as he stood before the captain. Without saying a word, the captain turned and began walking toward the cabins at the end of the deck.
"Where are we and where are we going, captain?" asked Camran as he followed the green portly man to the far end of the deck to one of the cabin doors.
Without answering the captain gestured toward a cabin door. "Wait for me in there. You will find some clothes and boots on the cot. I'll have some food and drink sent in and after we get under way, I will join you and answer some of your questions." Without waiting for a response, he turned and walked off.
Entering the cabin, Camran first walked to the bunk, picked up the pants laying there and put them on. They where quite a bit too large and obviously belonged to the captain or some other portly person of the same build. There was also a piece of rope which he used to tie the pants up around his waist. The pants were also about a foot shorter than his legs, presenting a comical appearance, however, having pants on was certainly better than being without them.
The boots were better. They not only fit well; they were comfortable besides. Both the pants and boots seemed to be made from the same material, however, the boots were cut from a thicker piece. They looked and felt something like leather but Camran for some unexplainable reason didn't think they were.
Soon there was a knock on the door and a seaman entered with a tray of food, two wooden mugs and a large wooden pitcher. The seaman was built exactly like the captain. He was portly and green. He smiled and seemed pleasant enough. And after leaving the tray on the small table, left quietly.
The tray was filled with a variety of sliced cold foods, consisting primarily of what looked like an assortment of fruits. There was also a small loaf of bread. The liquid in the wooden pitcher was pale green and smelled sweet. His unknown future fate didn't stop him from feeling famished. He picked up a small piece of the fruit, bright orange in color and about the size of a grape and put it in his mouth. It had been peeled. His mouth puckered up at how tart it was. Surprised at the tartness, he was even more surprised at how good it tasted. He grabbed a couple more and quickly ate them.
The tartness made him even thirstier, so he picked up a wooden mug and poured himself some of the pale green liquid from the pitcher. He sipped a small amount and swallowed. Again, he was surprised that it was tart and not at all as sweet as it had smelled. It was good though, very good, thought Camran. After a couple more swallows he felt semi comfortable for the first time since his unexpected arrival in this world.
After tasting some of each of the items on the tray he discovered they all were tart to one degree or another. Apparently, these people liked everything that way. A couple of the pieces of fruit were so tart he had to spit them out, too strong for him.
As he reached for the pitcher to pour himself another mug full of the green liquid, there was a gentle surge in the motion of the ship which told him they were under way. A moment later the movement of the ship was accompanied by the deep voices of singing from below the deck on which the cabin was located.
A few minutes later the door opened and in stepped the captain, a broad grin on his face.
"Eat, eat, Matey," the captain said, as he walked to a chair on the far side of the cabin. I trust everything is to your liking, though perhaps a bit tart to your taste, hey? We are underway now to RiverRidge on the Isle I call home. We call it the Isle of Flowers. It is some distance away and will take a while to get there."
"Who are you, I mean you said - 'we call' - who are 'we'?" asked Camran, no longer eating. "And, where are we?"
"To those from the planet Earth we are known as the Neptunians. We lived and died on the planet Neptune, although those of us from that planet do not call it that. How do you like the draft?" he queried, gesturing toward the green mug Camran was raising to his lips.
"It's tart, but good," replied Camran. "But how did you know I am from the planet Earth? And how can you be from the planet Neptune when there is no life on that planet?" asked Camran, surprise showing on his face.
"No life on the planet, eh Matey? Aye, I've heard that many times. We didn't believe there was any life on the planet you call Earth either, Matey. The difference in each of our vibrations made it impossible for either of us to see the other. We only saw within our own vibrations, so saw nothing but a barren planet. We understand now that the planet Earth is covered with trees and mighty oceans." the captain continued as he walked over to the table and poured himself a mug of the green draft. We now know there is life similar to ours on Earth, this we learned from those that have come here like you. They, in turn, have discovered there is also life on Neptune. How do I know where you are from, Matey? I know you are from Earth because of the color of the flower you arrived in."
"The color of the flower I arrived in?"
"Yes, Matey, you arrived in a golden lotus. Only those from the planet Earth arrive here in a gold flower."
"How is it we understand and speak the same language?" asked Camran taking another drink of the tart green draft.
"I admit it is a mystery. All who come here speak the same language and understand all others. It is a universal language in this world," stated the captain, draining his mug in a couple of big gulps.
"Others? Are there others here from Earth?"
"Yes, but more on that subject I must leave to be answered later. When we arrive at the Isle you will speak with the leader of the Neptunian people. He is called the Ruler of the Waters. He will be able to tell you more," said the captain, while getting up to leave the cabin. "In the meantime, you are welcome to leave the cabin and look around. Be careful not to stand to close to the nets on the side of the ship. Also, you are not, under any circumstances, to go up onto the top deck. It is too dangerous." With that the captain left the cabin, closing the door behind him, leaving Camran trying to assimilate what little information he had been given, which had only resulted in him accumulating even more questions.
Camran started up after the captain and then stopped. He decided he would finish eating then wander around on the ship. He was anxious to see this new world as they made their way to the Isle. After all, this world hadn’t been bad thus far. His questions would just have to wait. He did feel reassured that he was not the only person from Earth living here.
Camran finished eating and drinking his draft then left the cabin. The singing of the men below drew his attention. The notes the men hit were so high and so low at times Camran couldn't believe they came from human voices. The notes themselves were arranged in a strange see-saw kind of melody. He had never heard anything like it so he headed down the narrow stairway near the cabin door to the lower deck. When he reached that level Camran was amazed at how many men were involved in moving the ship. There had to be two to three hundred seated on the rowing benches, half on each side of the deck. Only one third of the men were rowing. The other two-thirds rested on the benches next to the working seamen. In this way, thought Camran, they were able to row for many hours and cover long distances by rotating the hard work. There must not be much wind on these waters.
One Neptunian stood up in the bow looking out through a net covered opening directing the rowers on which direction to turn. Apparently, he was the navigator and kept the boat moving safely through the large areas of lotus leaves sitting on the surface. Camran would later learn these leaves were not so much a dangerous menace to the ship, more a nuisance, since they would give way when struck by the ship’s hull. The hulls were reinforced just for this inevitable situation but ramming this vegetation would cost loss of time as they struggled to maneuver the ship away from the obstruction. Even with the guidance of the navigator at times the ship would become blocked in and they would have to retrace their route and try a different passageway through the growth.
The men were all Neptunians, Camran noted. All had the bald heads, were portly and looked green. They were surprisingly strong for the way they were built. Working those oars for any length of time couldn't be an easy task. No one paid him any attention while he stood there watching. Perhaps they were used to picking up people on these trips.
After watching a little longer, he decided to go back up to the cabin to get another mug of draft. Camran thought the draft must have some alcoholic content to it because he felt slightly lightheaded. It was a nice feeling he decided, pouring himself another full mug.
With the wooden mug in hand, Camran stood watching out the netted opening at the water and lotus flowers. There were countless numbers of them. Everywhere he looked grew the many-colored flowers. The water was a vivid light blue, almost turquoise in color. Surprisingly, there were very few golden lotuses. Maybe they were more prolific in other areas of these seas, or maybe there just weren't as many as some of the other colors.
Camran watched the beauty of the flowers beneath the deep blue sky for an hour or so. No one bothered him and after standing there for another half hour Camran decided to go up to the top deck, paying no heed to the captain's warnings. Perhaps it was the green draft, he was losing some of the sense of fear and uncertainty he had earlier. Besides, he wasn't afraid of falling overboard. From the upper deck he would be able to see farther. He walked up the narrow stairway to the hatch cover, lifted it and climbed up onto the deck.
"Sir, you aren't supposed to be up here! Please come with me back down to the deck below. It's not safe here," the voice of a seaman from behind Camran admonished, startling him. He was just about to sit down with his back against one of the poles used to hold up the net.
Suddenly, the ship rose straight up out of the water and rolled slightly port side. At the same time the water alongside the ship shot upward some forty feet higher than the net. No, it wasn't all water as Camran had first thought; it was the largest fish he had ever seen. It was black with a white underbelly and a duck bill like mouth. There were no scales on this monster; his body was sleek and smooth like that of a shark. It was impossibly large, and it took a moment for the situation to penetrate Camran's mind. He stood still, unable to move.
The seaman, who had come on deck to get Camran, had fallen and was rolling down the slanting deck toward the railing and the fish. He was grabbing frantically for something to hold onto. The ship returned to the water like a rock hitting a concrete floor. The seaman bounced up off the deck several feet into the air, while Camran was knocked off his feet. The head of the monstrous fish towered above the netting, making the ship look like a toy in comparison.
The ship reeled and rocked in the disturbed water while the fish seemed to be suspended in mid air. It had only been a couple of seconds from the initial impact and encounter with the large fish. The seaman was trying to regain his feet, Camran fared a little better and was already back on his. Though scared to death Camran now knew why he was told not to come up on this deck. It was his fault the seaman had been outside the protected interior of the ship. That was why the sides of the open deck below were so high. Too late he realized it was for protection from the fish. It was his fault the seaman was in trouble and so it was his duty to try and help the man get back to safety.
As Camran started in the direction of the downed man, the fish turned and spied the seaman. But the fish was too far away to move his head onto the deck. As the seaman struggled to regain his feet, his portly shape not helping the situation, the fish was swiftly maneuvering closer to the ship's side, and its target, the downed man.
Camran ran, stumbled and lurched toward the seaman in rhythm to the ship's erratic motion, trying desperately to get to the scimitar still hanging around the man's waist.
Camran reached his side just as the fish grabbed the seaman's leg with its long bill-like mouth. The seaman screamed in agony as the fish raised him off the deck into the air. Camran grabbed the scimitar at the same time. Never having held, much less used such a weapon, swinging the blade at the fish was his only thought. Later, he realized how easy it would have been to hit the seaman instead of the fish.
The first swing hit its mark. Luck was with them both for there wouldn't have been time for another swing. The scimitar sliced deep into the bill of the fish just beyond the seaman's foot. He could easily see how deadly this weapon would be when in the hands of someone skilled in its use. 
The fish reared back its head, letting go of the seaman as he did. The man fell back onto the deck, nearly going over the rail and net on the side of the ship. The fish swung its head back toward Camran and lunged at him in the same movement. The monster was so fast he knew he didn’t have time to get out of the way of that large duckbill shaped mouth. But before the fish reached him a large explosion knocked him to his knees. A cloud of green smoke engulfed the head of the fish. Camran didn't know what caused the explosion but the green cloud must have been a burning chemical, or something similar, because the fish tossed his head back and then ducked back under the water. A second later the fish shot straight up out of the water. No one needed to tell Camran to get down on the deck and grab on to something, and fast. He threw himself down onto the weathered planking and wrapped his arms around a study pole rising out of the deck floor.
Moments later the fish hit the water alongside the ship with an incredible impact. The ship flew sideways through the air at a dangerous cant. Another seaman had reached the injured one and held both securely to the railing along the side of the ship. In no time they dropped back into the water. They were at such a steep angle Camran knew they would go under and sink. But the ship amazingly righted itself, regained its composure and orientation in a matter of seconds. In that moment he became a believer in the quality of these ships and the people who built them.
The fish disappeared below the surface of the water once more. Camran quickly got to his feet and rushed to the two seamen holding onto the railing. When he got there, he noticed green liquid all over the deck and covering the wounded seaman's leg. The man was lying there with his eyes closed, moaning softly. It didn't take long to realize the green liquid on the seaman and the deck was his blood. "That was why these people have a greenish cast to their skin," Camran murmured, as he stooped to help both seamen up and over to the hatch. 
The captain stood near the hatch, his face bright green with anger. Another seaman stood slightly behind him and was tying the cords on a small pouch. When finished, he carefully placed the pouch into his pant’s pocket.
The captain opened the hatch and helped the wounded man down to another seaman standing on the deck below. The rest of them quickly scrambled through the hatch and down the stairs, securely closing the hatch behind them. 
The ship had settled down once more in the now calm waters. There was no sign of the fish near the ship. It was hard to believe that the events of a few moments before were real. Everything was quiet and calm, the ship was once again rocking gently in the water. The wounded man had been taken to a lower deck to treat and bandage his leg.
"Matey, I said not to go, under any circumstances, to the upper deck. If I had wanted you to go to the upper deck, I would have said - go to the upper deck!" glared the captain, his bright green face shining up at Camran.
"I'm sorry, I didn't know," stammered Camran. He felt bad enough for the wounded seaman and could think of nothing else to say to right the wrong.
The captain started to say something further but decided against it. He quickly turned and hurried down the narrow stairway to the deck below. Camran heard him bellow something and once more they were under way, powered by the men on the lowest deck. Soon the chanting had started up as well and the incident was behind them.
Camran stayed below and off by himself for the remainder of the journey, except when he paid the wounded seaman a short visit. The man was unconscious, the effects of the drug that had been administered to reduce the pain. The crew member who attended the injured seaman told him there was no doctor on board. All he was able to do was make him as comfortable as possible while they made their way to the Isle and a doctor.
Camran learned the injured man's name was Neptran. The attending seaman thought he would probably be fine in a few weeks. His leg was badly lacerated, but he should be able to keep it, thought the medical attendant. The good news relieved Camran. He had already convinced himself the leg was probably lost judging from the amount of blood he had seen. The attendant told him he wasn't positive about the leg, but they were lucky they weren't very far from the Isle and a doctor’s attention. If they had been, he would have lost it for sure.
 The beauty of the trip had been spoiled because of their encounter with the fish. However, it was welcome news that the seaman would be all right. Camran's spirits were somewhat renewed as he again sat and watched the flowers go by, taking in the overall beauty of this strange land.
Camran was standing near the netting looking out at the scenery when he saw a huge mountain ahead, faintly outlined against the sky. It was the largest mountain he had ever seen and was amazed at how well he could see the top. Surely the mountain had been visible for some time already. It was so large he must have overlooked it because it filled so much of the horizon. There was no cloud cover and even against the purplish sky the top was clearly visible. It was a majestic sight, beautiful beyond description in any language. He had to keep reminding himself how small man was in this world he had just entered.
"I see you have discovered the Isle of Flowers, Matey," said the captain, startling Camran from behind, pointing at the huge mountain in the distance. "We have some time yet to travel. We are still quite a distance away. It looks closer than it really is."
Camran turned to see the same captain he saw when he first glimpsed him through the net. The blood had gone out of his face and it was no longer bright green, as it had been in anger earlier. "I'm sorry for what happened with the fish and the seaman," Camran apologized once more.
The captain waved his hand in dismissal of the incident and turned away, heading back to his duties, leaving Camran alone once more with his thoughts.
The rest of the journey was uneventful as far as the fish were concerned, however, Camran did see three more. One even followed them a short distance before going back underwater. The other two were some distance away and that was exactly where Camran preferred them to stay.
The trip itself was far from uneventful to him. He marveled at the utter beauty of this world. The colors were crisper and brighter, the air pure and the skies clear. He felt more alive than ever before. It even rained once for about an hour without a cloud in the sky. It was a very strange place indeed.
Even with the surrounding beauty Camran eventually tired and started dozing off and on while sitting in a chair alongside the railing. How many hours were there in a day here, anyway? It certainly seemed longer than on Earth, thought Camran. The captain said they were still quite a way away from the Isle. It was still as bright out as it was hours ago, and they had already been traveling for many hours. In fact, it seemed like a couple of days since he had come on board. In the middle of these thoughts Camran drifted off to sleep.
Chapter 3

Down the steep dark corridors, he went. Always down. He moved like he was in slow motion, like he was walking underwater. He didn’t know where he was or where he was going, although he sensed he was in an underground world of caverns. Far ahead was a massive wooden door, lighted by a torch that was attached to the rock wall on his right. He knew it was important to reach this door, felt his destiny was tied up with this achievement, so he kept trying to make his way to it. But he never seemed to get any closer, no matter how many steps he took toward it.
The Oracle was inscribed on the walls in the room behind that door. The answers he sought were through that door, if he could only get there. How he knew what was in that room he had no idea. He just knew. And he had to keep trying to reach it; no matter he was moving like he was walking through molasses.
The evil laughter started up once again. It echoed off the ceilings and the walls. He tried to run, to move faster, but his feet wouldn't change their slow-motion movement. It was like treading water, only thicker. He could see the door ahead, but it was a long way away. Try as he might, he wasn't getting any closer. Somehow, he knew if he reached that door, he would be all right, everything would be all right. But the laughter grew louder, piercing his mind with painful force until he began to scream.
Camran startled awake when he began screaming. He was shaking and drenched in sweat. His heart was racing at ninety miles and hour. His chest rose and fell in rapid rhythm to his breathing.
Slowly the fear began to subside. His breathing began to return to normal, although his heart rate was still highly elevated. He was thankful there was no one nearby to see him in the panic-stricken state in which he'd awakened. Camran didn't understand what was happening to him. He had never been one to have nightmares in the past. Now he had experienced two in a row. The Oracle - those words kept ringing in his ears, along with the insane laughter. What could they possibly mean? The dreams were so vivid it was as though they had a reality all their own.
The sky had dimmed some and nightfall was in its first faint beginnings. The color of the sky had changed to a deeper, richer, color of blue. After Camran had regained some measure of control, he stood up and walked over to the netted opening. The view through the netting was beyond anything he could ever have imagined. He stood there letting the beauty of the landscape before him calm his nerves still further, until his heart rate and breathing returned to normal. 
The last remnants of fear finally left him. Looking out ahead of the ship Camran became engrossed at the immensity of the land they were approaching. The height of the mountain alone was staggering! They were now entering a large bay and there was land on both sides of the ship. Off in the distance he could see another ship moving in the same general direction into the bay, although it appeared larger than the one he was on.
They were quite some distance from the shore yet, however, even at this distance he could make out the outline of huge towering trees. Of course, they would be large, thought Camran, just like everything else he had seen since his arrival. People were small in this world; everything else was so out of proportion to their size it was incredible.
He was positive that a day in this land was much longer than one on Earth. They had been traveling for a great many hours. Camran felt it had been a couple of days of his time, or maybe even more. Certainly, it was a lot longer than a single day of Earth time. He hadn't just slept for a few minutes; it had been several hours. He was sure of it.
Three to four hours later the sky had barely gotten darker and Camran suspicions were becoming a proven fact. The days here were much longer.
They had come much closer to the shore and Camran guessed in another hour or two they would be near the trees. The size of the trees impressed Camran; they were unbelievably high and large. Never had he envisioned anything so big in his life. He had once seen the Sequoia trees in California. At the time they had seemed very large, but they paled in comparison to these giants.
The ship altered its course slightly and headed toward an opening in the trees, to what must be a river or a smaller bay. There had been no wind during the day's trip, so the ship was still in the hands of the men rowing below. The portly green men from Neptune certainly possessed stamina beyond any men Camran had ever witnessed.
They didn't pass any more ships as they made their way deeper into the bay. On the horizon, in the shadow of the trees, Camran could make out the masts of several ships outlined against the darker background of trees. There also appeared to be many smaller boats tucked in around them.
Soon they were pulling into a small river; at least it was small in comparison to the size of the surrounding land and trees. Compared to the size of the ship, it was a very large river. As they moved farther up the waterway, toward the array of ship masts, Camran began to see smaller boats dotting the banks along the river. Soon they were close enough he was able to make out more of the details of the wharf area.
There were several ships at dock. Some of them were exactly like the one he was on; some were larger and many smaller. Even with all the ships and boats along the river bank the whole scene was dwarfed by the huge trees growing on the ridge behind the wharf. The captain had told him the name of this port was RiverRidge when he first came on board. The name seemed appropriate. He continued to watch in amazement at the picture playing out before him.
The river narrowed substantially when they got to the wharf. Camran could see that up ahead it narrowed still more into what amounted to a rather large stream. He could see the rooftops of many buildings and a bridge crossing the narrow section of the river not too far upstream. The river must flow though the middle of the community Camran surmised. From his position on the ship, it was as though he was looking at a miniature town like that a toy train set might encircle. The trees were so large that in comparison the town was way out of scale. They docked alongside a ship that looked exactly like their own. All the ships seemed well maintained. None of the vessels he could see required any immediate repairs or paint. In fact, they looked like they were all brand new; like they had just been built.
The ship was tied down and dozens of seamen began walking down the gangplank. Undoubtedly, they were headed home for a much-needed rest. Looking at these people Camran never would have guessed they possessed the stamina they had displayed, rowing for endless hours during their trip that day.
"Let's go, Matey," said the captain, gesturing toward the gangway. 
Camran stepped onto the pier and for a moment felt like he was still swaying to the gentle rhythm of the rocking ship. It took a minute for the sensation to stop as he began to adjust once more to standing on solid ground.
All along the pier and around the wharf people were loading and unloading ships. Even at this hour, which Camran thought must be late in the evening; workers were busily going about their work. He stared in wonder at the variety of people working on the docks. There were men and women of many different colors. He saw blue, red and orange people, as well as a few white ones scattered among the green Neptunians.
Leaving the wharf area, they walked along a wide walkway. It was made of stones that had been carefully laid to form an interlocking pattern, giving the appearance that the rock was all cut to fit each spot. Camran couldn't stop himself from staring up at a towering tree on the hillside behind the wharf. It was dozens of yards in diameter. This one was probably sixty to eighty yards through the center. The trunk was smooth and tan. The leaves were gigantic. Each one must have been a good ten to twelve feet across and were shaped something like a maple leaf. The sizes of everything were still mind boggling.
Soon they came to the outskirts of what appeared to be the main community. Small shops lined the widened walkway offering a variety of goods on their shelves from which to choose. Most were closed at this late hour. The few people passing by them on the walkway didn't seem to notice the way Camran was dressed. Perhaps they were used to the comings and goings of many different people here at RiverRidge.
At the end of the walkway they entered a large open market filled with an array of booths. The market was almost deserted at this hour, though there were a few merchants finishing up last minute chores. They continued through the market and up the river, staying outside of the town center. The main town buildings were off to their left, across a bridge over the smaller section of the river.
Just outside of the denser community buildings on their side of the river they came to a large complex of small bungalows. This complex lay within an area that can only be described as a place of transit. It was obvious the bungalows were used like motel rooms. Some of the other surrounding buildings, there weren't many, were used for storage. Everywhere Camran looked there was forest. It was hard to ignore the towering trees and dense shrubbery that encircled the complex. Because of the size of the trees every building and indeed the whole town was in a country setting.
"This will be where you will be spending the night," stated the captain, as he gestured toward one of the bungalows. "Some clothes more to your liking will be brought, as well as something to snack on. You must be hungry. You didn't eat much on the trip. I will return soon to take you to dinner. It is customary to have dinner with the mayor when you first arrive."
Camran nodded his thanks and went inside the cozy little cottage. No sooner had he closed the door than two women arrived with clothes and a tray of fruit snacks like the one he had been served on the ship. There was also a wooden pitcher on the tray. The younger of the two women laid out an armload of clothes on the bed while the other placed the tray of fruit on the small table in the corner of the room.
The women were quite striking in appearance, although they were shaped as the men were, short and portly, and of course they had a green complexion. Camran was apparently getting used to the color for it was the last thing he noticed about the two.
"I'll be back in a few minutes after you've had a chance to try on these things, in case you need something else or some of the clothes don't fit well." the older lady said as she backed out the door, the younger one in tow.
"Thank you," replied Camran, as they left the bungalow.
Camran walked into the adjacent room and discovered it was a bathroom, complete with running water. The handles for the water taps were made from a beautiful hardwood. There was even hot water which Camran was grateful to learn.
After bathing he felt completely renewed. The water had a slightly different feel to it; somehow softer was how he would describe it. He tried on the clothes and found they fit perfectly. The pants and open chest shirt weren't made of leather but of something similar. They felt and looked very much like it, however. The shirt laced up the front about halfway, leaving the chest open. The boots were soft and very comfortable and came up to the middle of his calf. They appeared to be made from the same material as his other clothes, only the material was quite a bit thicker, just the same as the clothes he had been given aboard the ship had been. He was very pleased with the overall fit and comfort of his new wardrobe. The pants felt and fit like some of the expensive slacks he had in his own closet at home. But these pants were more durable than his old slacks. Camran paused while lacing up his shirt, thinking that this was his home now. He wouldn’t be going back to his apartment.
After dressing he sat down to eat some of the fruit snacks and have something to drink. Many of the fruits were the same as those he had tried earlier. The drink was not however, it was the best water he had ever tasted. 
He had barely finished dressing and eating when the women came back to check on him. Happy they had provided the right clothing, they left him to wait for the return of the captain. It wasn't long before he came to escort Camran to dinner.
They left the complex and walked down a small walkway toward a well lighted building ahead, between two very large trees. It was getting darker, but due to the long slow days Camran felt certain it would be a couple of hours yet before complete darkness would set in.
The building was a Town Hall of sorts. It resembled a large warehouse and was filled with dozens of tables, all loaded with food. Large kegs of various liquids where aligned along one wall. Attendants were manning these as though they were filled with something as precious as gold.
"Here we are," exclaimed the captain. 
"What is the occasion?" asked Camran his eyes trying to take in everything at once.
"You are," he replied, moving over to a keg and asking for two mugs of draught.
"What do you mean, I am?" Camran peered at the captain with a questioning look on his face, while taking the mug the captain was handing him.
"Partly for saving the seaman's life to be sure, but mainly it is tradition to honor each new arrival. You see, all of us died to get here the same as you. So, we are all aware of the loss of loved ones from your homeland, as well as the factor of readjustment to this new land. Some have difficulty accepting others, especially when they are different in color and culture. By the way, Neptran, the young seaman who was injured by the fish will keep his leg for sure. The doctor says he should be up and around in no time."
That was very good news. He was happy for the young man. "Will I be able to see him tomorrow?" Camran asked.
"I think we can work that out without any problem," replied the captain, escorting him toward a group of people.
There must have been at least five hundred people crowded inside the long building. There were people other than Neptunians there, although the majority, by far, was the portly green people. Camran supposed most of the guests that weren't Neptunian were merchants of one kind or another.
As Camran was introduced to this person and that couple, he was impressed with the genuine sincerity of all those he met. The mayor seemed genuinely pleased to meet and welcome him to the town of RiverRidge. He was portlier than the captain and a good three of four inches shorter.
"Matey, I'd like you to meet Bran, one of our newer arrivals," said the captain, gesturing to a very large man standing near his right side.
"Nice to meet you," Camran said, extending his hand. The huge man nodded his head as he took Camran's small hand into his own. The man had a distinct reddish tint to his skin. The captain explained he was from the planet Camran knew as Mars. The men from that planet were referred to as warriors in this land. They were well trained and very skilled fighters.
Camran was not sure he believed all he had been told about the planets in his solar system having people living on them, but he did have to admit the explanation made some sense, and it did explain the variation in people he had already seen. For the time being he decided he wouldn't question the validity of that story any further.
The warrior, Bran, spoke very little but never moved very far from Camran's side. He was a huge man standing about six feet eight inches in height, sporting a very large, very sharp looking, double edged sword at his side. He wore no shirt but had on a vest made of the same material as the boots Camran was wearing. The muscles in his arms bulged from long years of physical discipline. His barrel chest was smooth and red.
The man's long black hair and deep reddish eyes gave an overall appearance that he was a Native American Indian, and not a person from the planet Mars at all. Although he spoke little, his demeanor was not menacing, nor did he give the impression he was a bully. In fact, he appeared to be a very gentle man, however, Camran felt sure that if ever called to use his abilities as a warrior he would be more than a formidable opponent.
Although Camran questioned many of those he met, he was frustrated at not receiving any real answers. He was also conscious of the fact he was being purposely steered away from one conversation to another group, so he would be unable to converse with any one group for any length of time. The people also seemed to be walking on eggshells when it came to speaking with him. They were genuinely pleased to see and meet him; however, it was obvious they weren't supposed to say anything important around him. Once or twice he thought he even caught a look of pity on some of their faces.
While standing with one small group of people Camran's eyes were drawn to a keg on the far side of the building. A small man had slipped in behind the servers, filled his mug, and was gone without the server being any wiser. Even Camran himself began to doubt that he had seen the man move in and out so fast. The servers, it appeared, were under strict orders to control the amount of draught consumed by each guest, or maybe it was only some of the guests.
A small disturbance near one of the large open doors drew everyone's attention. Heads turned in that direction expecting to see someone having had more than their allotted share to drink. What they did see was totally unexpected. Half a dozen men were forcing their way into the building. With swords swinging they penetrated the group of guests, cutting many of them down as they pushed deeper into the building.
The people at the gathering were caught completely unaware and off guard. Few wore their scimitars or swords to the party and were being mercilessly killed by these intruders. Men and women were screaming as they scrambled to get out of the way of the death swords.
It had happened so fast! The men, in a matter of moments, advanced to within a few feet of where Camran stood, unable to move. The captain had drawn his scimitar and out of the corner of his eye Camran noticed the warrior shoving his way toward the intruders, a very large formidable double-edged sword in his hand. 
The warrior stepped in front of Camran a split second before he would have been run through with a sword. The warrior turned the opponent’s blade as deftly as if it were in slow motion, and a mere child's game. With a backward lash of his mighty blade the warrior severed the arm of the intruder, while a second blade quickly slipped into the intruder's rib cage.
The second blade was swift and skillfully used by the illusive little man Camran had seen sneaking a mug of draft from the keg earlier.
The Martian warrior and the little man took up positions in front of Camran and met the oncoming rush of killer’s head on. Camran could not conceive of a more ferocious fighter than the man from Mars. Teamed up with the little man they were an unbeatable pair. The warrior was strong and definitely skilled in the use of his weapon, while the little man relied on his swiftness and at the same time demonstrating great skill with his blade as well. He would dart in at an opponent and back out before the opponent's brain received the message the man had moved. It looked as though they had been fighting together for years. Maybe they had for all Camran knew of the two men.
The Neptunians who had brought their weapons were coming to the aid of Camran's two defenders. Once they realized what was taking place, they lost no time in acting. They fought bravely and efficiently, although they were no match for the attacking men. The intruders fought frantically, like they were the ones cornered and trying to save their own lives. Their eyes seemed haunted with a far away look in them, like they were envisioning another scene before their eyes, and not the one they were in the process of orchestrating.
Through the Neptunian's numbers they were finally able to dispatch the intruders. It was debatable whether any of the men could have advanced past the warrior and little man standing in defense of Camran, no matter what the numbers. None of the attackers came near the skill those two demonstrated.
It was obvious the mission of these men included suicide. Once engaged in combat within the building there was no way to escape. It was also apparent the objective was important to them, whatever it was. It looked as though Camran himself was the objective. And if that were so, why? Were they really trying to kill him? He couldn't begin to understand what was going on. He had just arrived on shore and knew no one, just as no one knew him. Who would want to kill him?
Just as quickly as the fighting had begun it was over. There were bodies and blood everywhere. Both red and green blood stained the bodies and mixed on the floor. Several Neptunians where quickly trying to help the wounded. Several had formed a protective ring around Camran with the warrior and little man on either side of him.
Quickly, orders were issued for the grounds around the building to be searched in the event there were more attackers nearby. They found no one else outside near the building or waiting in the woods.
Those that were obviously dead were left alone. In fact, it bewildered Camran to watch the guests go out of their way to stay several feet away from the dead. One of the wounded died just as he was being carried out of the building. Immediately, the person carrying him put him down and quickly stepped back a few feet from the body.
Camran didn't have to wait long to find out why. The air around the dead began to shimmer and crackle as if it were being torn by some invisible hand. Appearing from out of nowhere were black hooded creatures resembling humans, however, they were very tall compared to the average person, even though they stooped somewhat when standing. No face or hands were visible; no flesh could be seen at all. Only two bright red eyes appeared in the dark recesses beneath their jet-black hoods. It was as if they were invisible men wearing black cloaks and hoods. Each one reached down and picked up one of the dead bodies, and in a brief shimmer was gone. The whole thing took only a few seconds.
Bewildered at all that had happened in the past few minutes Camran felt a little faint and decided to sit down at the nearest table. The captain fetched a mug of draught and set it down beside him.
"What is going on, captain? What was this all about and why would they try to kill me? And who or what were those things in black?" The questions began to flood out of Camran as he gradually regained his composure.
"I don't know why they would try to kill you," answered the captain. "The men in black are the Plutonians. They take care of the dead. The Ruler of the Waters may be able to answer more of your questions in the morning. Certainly nothing like this has ever happened before on this Isle. We were not prepared, and we thank our lucky stars for having these two here with us tonight," responded the captain, gesturing to the two men at Camran's side. "By the way, this is Twil," the captain stated, placing a hand on the little man's shoulder.
The small man nodded to Camran, a grim look on his face.
"The intruders must have stowed away on one of the merchant ships. Security will be tightened immediately," the captain said more to himself than anyone.
"Come, we will escort you back to the bungalow."
Camran was led back to the complex and his bungalow. Bran and Twil stayed at his side, weapons drawn, without saying a word. Once he was safe inside the bungalow, they took up positions outside on either side of the doorway.
Searching for answers to his questions it took Camran a long time to drift off to sleep. Eventually the sheer weariness of the experience took its toll and he finally went to sleep.
Again, he dreamed of the Oracle engraved in stone in the underground room. This time, thankfully, there was no hideous laughter. One thing was different; Bran and Twil were there with him standing at his side. He felt comfortable with them and sensed they were supposed to be there.
Chapter 4

The next morning dawned bright and cool. Camran awakened refreshed and wondered if the nights here were as long as the days. He didn't think so; otherwise, he would have awakened hours ago. The tragedy of the night before was still fresh in his mind as he arose from bed. All those innocent people killed, for what?
At least there were no nightmares during the night. In fact, just before awakening he had been dreaming about a beautiful multicolored bridge filled with people. Everyone was excited about crossing it but he had no idea why or where it led. He felt the dreams he had been having since his arrival were very important, but they didn’t make any sense to him.
He quickly bathed and dressed. It was almost time to go see the Ruler of the Waters. He hoped to finally get answers to a lot of his questions. His mind went back over the events of the previous day and evening. It all seemed so unbelievable. Could there be a rational explanation to all that had happened since he walked out of the apartment to get the newspaper? Could it be possible he was fast asleep in his bed at home and none of this was really happening? Camran couldn't think of a single possibility for what had been taking place, other than it had all been real and not a dream. This strange world was his home now and he would have to make the best of it. This other world and new life were now his real life. What he had seen of this world so far was extremely beautiful, but he was now apprehensive about all the unknown things he would, without a doubt, have to face in the coming days and weeks. The previous evening had planted a fear deep inside him that hadn’t existed prior to seeing the men fight and kill each other with their swords.
Opening the door to leave he was startled to see the warrior and little man still standing there guarding the door. The warrior gave him a quick nod. The little man smiled. They both looked tired, yet somehow seemed devoted to being at his side no matter what. Camran had an odd feeling they should be with him, but again he couldn’t explain why. He felt comforted by the fact they were there. Camran asked them to come in and wash up if they wanted. They did.
"Where are you from?" Camran asked Twil, as he and Bran washed and got a drink of water.
"From the planet you know as Mercury," replied Twil.
 Twil had a very pale complexion and short curly light brown hair. His ears seemed too large for his head, while his nose didn't seem large enough. His eyes were light blue and appeared to constantly have a twinkle in them. He couldn't have been over four feet six inches high, which didn't even reach Camran's shoulders. He was a good-natured person and had no trouble carrying on a conversation. Bran, on the other hand, seemed to be a man of few words.
As they left the bungalow the air felt crisp and clean, the smell of fresh cut flowers permeated the area surrounding them. The flowers and trees looked even larger this morning than they had the night before, if that were possible. Still, they were every bit as beautiful. There were colors he had never seen before and some of the flowers were so large a dozen men could stand and be dwarfed in their center. There were also small flowers, the size he was used to seeing at home. Flowers of every shape and size were growing all over the settlement. The beauty and colorful surroundings belied the tragedy of the night before.
Bran and Twil escorted Camran to Captain Nepturos, who was waiting for them in the marketplace. Together the four began walking up the hillside toward the Ruler's house.
The climb was steep in places and at times the view of the village and bay below opened up between the trees. The sight was breathtaking. Imagine what it would be like from the top of the big mountain, if the top could ever be reached, he thought. He remembered how high it had looked from far out in the water the day before.
They came to the crest of a ridge and the captain pointed to the house where they were going. It wasn't so much a house as it was a castle. It was immense and sat all by itself on a hilltop. Camran was sure the house must have a commanding view of the entire bay, as well as much of the village below. He was amazed he hadn't seen it yesterday on the way into the harbor. The colors and lines of construction probably made it hard to see from the bay, even to those who knew where to look.
The grounds around the house were extensive and well maintained. They were surrounded by a high wall of stone, so that up close it was impossible to see in. There were towers at each corner as well as the midway point of each wall. As if that wasn't enough security, in addition there were guards walking around the base of the wall and clustered at the gate. No doubt this was in part the increased security the captain had set about arranging the night before.
The walls enclosed an area several acres in size. The house sat in the center and was surrounded by various ornate gardens, the captain told Camran. Other than an occasional comment, the captain had said little on the hike up the hill.
When they arrived at the gate the captain was recognized immediately. The others they were not so sure about. Camran was vouched for by the captain and was permitted to enter the grounds. Bran and Twil began to enter with him. They were apparently determined to protect him at all costs. Immediately, as the two began to enter, the guards stepped in front of them. There was almost a confrontation; however, Camran was able to stop both sides from swinging their weapons by convincing his newly found bodyguards to wait for him outside. They would also be able to get some much-needed sleep, he reminded them. It was expected he would inside for a while.
That agreed upon, the captain and Camran entered the gardens of the estate. The captain waited just inside the gate while Camran continued down the path toward the house. The gardens alone were worth the trip up the hillside. There were no huge trees on the estate; however, there were some extremely large flowers and lots of normal sized trees. Many were laden with fruit he had never seen. Some of these must have been the kinds he had eaten the previous day. An occasional tree was bearing fruit that was one to two feet in diameter, and in various colors all on the same tree. Along with the fruit trees and large gorgeous flowers, there were thousands of other small flowering trees and shrubs. He would have liked to have spent a day just touring the grounds around the estate.
The house itself sat upon a small rise and so took advantage of the tremendous view, sitting high enough to look out over the wall, as well as into the beautiful gardens. The house was three stories of oversized height and appeared to accommodate a higher than average ceiling on each floor.
"Hello," called an older man bending over some plants, startling Camran who hadn't seen him.
"Hi," returned Camran. "The gardens are very beautiful," he added, starting to continue on his way. The old man moved to stand beside him.
"Thank you, young man. I must say that was a dreadful affair at the center last night. Are you all right?" asked the man, concern etched on his face.
"I'm fine, thank you. That's one of the reasons I'm here, to try and get some answers about what is going on," stated Camran.
"Maybe I can help with some of your questions. Here, would you have a cool drink with me and sit for a while?" the man asked, gesturing toward a small table just beyond the plants where he had been working.
"I'd love to, but I am expected at the house."
"We're pretty informal here and believe me when I say going to the house can wait a bit," said the man, as he walked over to the table and poured them both a drink. The drink he poured looked like lemonade from where Camran stood.
He was thirsty after the hour's hike up the hill, and who would know better than the gardener if it would be alright to spend a few minutes talking before going up to the house.
"That looks great," Camran said, taking the wooden mug from the man. Besides, he thought, his two self proclaimed bodyguards could use all the time they could to catch up on their sleep.
Camran took a drink from the tall mug. It tasted very much like lemonade; however, it was a little tarter than he was accustomed to. Nonetheless, it was delicious. These people are really into the tart taste, he thought as he took another long drink. The walk up the hill had made him thirsty.
The gardener was less portly than the Neptunians he had met since his arrival. However, he was still definitely a Neptunian. The green color was easy enough to see. The man's eyes were deep blue and presented a startling contrast to the other Neptunians he had seen thus far. All the others he had seen had various shades of green eyes. His hair was snowy white, and his face had some wrinkles that would place his age somewhere in the sixties, as Camran would judge age on Earth. From a few feet away, he did look younger than his hair indicated.
"We have been working and living on this Isle for many years and nothing like what happened yesterday has ever happened before. The Guardians of the Bridge have been actively expanding their operations," the older man said, staring off into space. "Oh, I'm sorry, the attackers last night were members of a group called the Guardians of the Bridge, a group that seems to be growing rapidly in numbers, as well as in courage." There was an apology in the man's eyes as he stared directly at Camran.
Camran saw something in the old man's eyes that told him this man was not only intelligent but a loyal and determined man of compassion, where all people were concerned. He also detected a hint of fear and anger mixed in the man's expression. Immediately, he took a liking to this open and honest person, here was someone he could trust.
"What bridge?" asked Camran, recalling the dream he had prior to awakening that very morning.
"There is an ancient Oracle which..." began the man.
"An Oracle! What Oracle?" interrupted Camran, visibly turning pale.
"An Oracle proclaiming that a magical bridge of seven colors exists to a land of beauty beyond death. How is it that you are familiar with this bridge?" questioned the gardener, as he stared into Camran's eyes.
"I've been having some dreams since I arrived here," murmured Camran, lost in memory of his dreams during the past couple of nights.
"What else have you been dreaming about?" 
Camran told him all about the dreams he had been having the past three times he had slept. The old man's face at first expressed surprise then changed to an undeniable happiness. By the time Camran had finished, understanding was etched on the gardener's face.
"Forgive me, I must be getting old," said the old man. "Yes, it would be true. That explains much," mumbled the man, as he took a long drink from his glass. "That is why you were attacked last night."
"Me? Why would I be attacked?" asked Camran, already knowing that it was him they were after the night before, but not wanting to admit it.
"I have just realized," the old man began "that you are the one spoken of in the Oracle."
""Me. Wait a minute, I just got here! How can I be in some Oracle I've only heard about in my dreams?" Camran asked with dread in his voice.
"You can judge that for yourself. I haven't read the Oracle for many years now. I do recall that a representative must arrive in this land from each of the planets in the solar system during the same year. You make that prophesy complete. I wasn't paying as much attention as our friends the Guardians apparently were. A representative has arrived here recently from all the planets except Earth, now that I think about it. With your arrival the first condition of the Oracle has been fulfilled."
"Who are the Guardians of the Bridge? And why are they doing what they are doing, especially the attack last night?" queried Camran, taking another drink of the cool liquid. "Also, where is this Oracle?" Camran added.
"The Guardians of the Bridge are composed of members of all the various planetary peoples living in this world. We do not yet know why the Guardians are defending this bridge and demonstrating such maliciousness in doing so. They have no access to the bridge themselves and haven't the slightest idea what mysteries exist hiding its location. There are some things we know and some we can only guess."
"We can be sure there is a good reason to what they are doing. Perhaps in solving this riddle, the key to unlocking the secrets of the bridge would also be solved. The Master of the Guardians is no fool and would not risk his people in a suicide mission unless there were good reasons, at least to him."
"The Oracle you have dreamed of is located deep underground. It is on this very Isle, but it certainly is not common knowledge. As a young man, I stumbled upon it quite by accident while exploring some of the caves on the mountain," concluded the old man, pointing up toward the mountain Camran had seen from far out at sea.
Camran sat there toying with his glass as he thought about what the gardener had just told him. He felt overwhelmed with all he had just heard.
"Would you care for more to drink?" asked the gardener, reaching for the wooden pitcher.
"Yes, thank you," replied Camran as he accepted another glass of the tart liquid.
"See all of those flowers out there in the water." said the gardener, gesturing toward the sea. "Have you noticed all the different colors?"
"Yes, I have," replied Camran. "What do they have to do with what happened last night?" returned Camran, trying to get back to what they were talking about.
"Each of the colors represents a certain group of people. For example," explained the man, "the gold flowers only bring people from the planet Earth, as you call it. People arriving from the planet Earth are relatively rare. You see, only in exceptional cases when someone dies do they come to this land from any planet. This much we do know, due to the small numbers of people arriving here from the other planets. It has been conjectured that life on all the planets, especially the Earth, is difficult. Through a lengthy process of reincarnation, a person must spend a long time there, until he has proved himself worthy enough to leave."
"The other colors correspond to other planets. Our job on the Isle is to pick up those that arrive in those flowers. To make a long story short, it is even more unusual to have a person from each planet arrive here the same year, very rare indeed. In fact, since the Oracle was written it has only happened a few times, the last one being long before I arrived here. And the Oracle was written a long, long, time ago. We don't know by who or even how old it is."
"The attack last night was designed to eliminate you so there would be no attempt at uncovering the secret to this bridge. The Oracle states that a person from Earth shall lead the quest for this mysterious bridge. And, he shall lead it with the aid of a Martian warrior and a representative from Mercury," ended the gardener.
Camran sat dumbfounded after hearing this latest information. He had just started accepting the idea he had died, only to find himself immediately in the path of danger. And this seemed a much more menacing danger. Also, it had just dawned on him that Bran and Twil must have had a few dreams of their own. His mind was filled with many thoughts, not to mention fear and confusion which once more began to overwhelm his emotions.
"I can't lead a quest for anything," stammered Camran, finding his voice once more. "I don't know this land. For god’s sake I'm a real estate broker, not a gladiator. I don't know the first thing about weapons, this land or the people," Camran continued in a rush.
"My dear friend,” began the gardener, “you don't have much of a choice if you think about it. These people will continue to hunt you until they have eliminated what they consider their potential enemy and threat. There is nothing in the Oracle that says the quest has a time limit in which to begin or end. Of course, it should begin immediately so there is less danger of something happening to you or one of the other members who will join you. You see you can't even convince the Guardians that you won't take up the challenge, you could always change your mind at anytime in the future," the man concluded.
"But I don't know the first thing about how to go about this, even if I was willing, which I'm not." Camran stated flatly.
"You will have all the help the combined peoples from all the various planets can give. You've already met two of the people who will join you on this quest, the man you know as the warrior and his smaller companion. You've already seen a demonstration of their skill and loyalty."
Camran was struck by how much this man already knew about him. Obviously, word traveled fast on this Isle.
"I suggest you and your two companions climb the mountain to the cave and read the Oracle for yourself. I can supply you with directions. When you are through, should you decide to seek the bridge, you will be given money for your needs and Captain Nepturos will take the three of you to Lotus Isle," said the man rising and walking back toward the gate.
Somehow it didn't seem important to go up to the house anymore. Camran had heard more than he cared to for the time being. He stood up and started back toward the gate, walking as though he was in deep trance. When he was about halfway, coming around a row of hedge he saw a strange thing. The captain was bowing to the old man in a way that was more than elder courtesy. Suddenly it dawned on him that all this time he had been talking to the one they called the Ruler of the Waters. No wonder he knew so much about what was going on. Camran had been so intent on absorbing the information and dealing with his own feelings of fear and confusion he hadn't realized who this wise man had been.
Arriving at the Ruler’s side he felt somewhat embarrassed. He didn't know whether to bow or what to say to address the man. He started to bow, and the gentle man stopped him.
"There is no need for that young man," smiled the elder man.
"I'm sorry your honor, I didn't know," replied Camran with his head bowed slightly.
"I've just informed Captain Nepturos he will be escorting you and your companions to Lotus Isle when it is your wish to go," said the Ruler. Getting a piece of paper and ink pen from the guard station the Ruler drew a map and wrote out directions to the cave containing the Oracle and handed them to Camran. "If I can ever be of any further help, please let me know. My people are at your disposal." The old man bowed slightly himself and turned back up the path.
They all left the hilltop and descended back down into the town. Bran and Twil were much improved, having gotten some sleep. Camran was quiet and thoughtful during the hike back to the bungalow. The others seemed to sense his need to think about all he had just learned so didn’t ask him any questions or try to engage him in idle conversation.
The captain left them at the bungalow saying he had some work to attend to. Camran said they were going to eat and talk for a while and that they would be quite all right. He was convinced there wouldn't be another attack, especially with the increased security everywhere.
When the captain left, Camran asked one of the maids at the complex to bring them some food. He then told Bran and Twil what the Ruler had to say.
Bran and Twil listened in wide eyed wonder. They both stated they had dreams about protecting the new arrival from Earth. The dreams were strong, and on their respective planets dreams such as those were never to be ignored. Considering this new information, they certainly did wish to join him on a climb up the mountain to get more answers. In fact, they felt it was their sworn duty to accompany and protect him.
The food arrived in short order. While they ate, they discussed the arrangements they needed to make to go up on the mountain. As soon as they finished eating, they would put together what they needed and be underway. The days were so long here that there was more than ample time to begin the climb up to the cave entrance that same day.
Chapter 5

No trees disrupted the view. Camran stood on a rocky ledge that seemed to overlook the entire world. They had been climbing the mountain for some five or six hours, pausing only briefly to rest. Once they reached the spot where they were now sitting, they decided to eat and enjoy the view for a few minutes before continuing on.
Within a couple of hours after the decision was made to climb the mountain, the three sent word to Captain Nepturos that they would be gone for perhaps several days. They had no idea how long the climb would take or how long they would need to stay once they got there. They needed to satisfy the many questions running through their minds.
Before leaving they went into town to the marketplace and purchased enough supplies to last a week or more on the mountain. They brought along bed rolls and extra clothing, as well as a pen and ink to write down notes. Camran found a shop that carried small blank books. He purchased one so that he could keep a written record of their travels and write down the entire Oracle, if possible, provided it wasn't too long.
While purchasing their supplies they had also been lucky in another respect. Twil found a pair of binoculars in one of the booths at the market. They were made from a hardwood and were adjustable in the same way binoculars were on Earth. He used them as they stood on the ledge looking out over the bay below.
Camran could see a long way out to sea. Giant lotus flowers rose in the water in every direction he looked, for as far as the magnification of the glasses could reach. There were countless thousands of them. The Neptunians had quite a task. Just finding someone out in that vast expanse of water seemed impossible to Camran. The captain had explained how the tips of the petals would change color up to a month in advance of an arrival, so they knew when the flower would be opening with an occupant inside. The Neptunians constantly patrolled the seas watching and studying the petals. The captain had also told him, just as any gardener gets to know the plants in his garden, the flowers in the sea were the plants of his people. Over time they had become familiar with the different plants and areas of their garden, in the same way any gardener does.
Camran had been watching a ship go out of the bay with the binoculars. Slowly the ship made its way out among the lotus flowers. There was a slight breeze for a change and the sails were full of the sea air. The ship was making much better time with the small wind than they had made the day before under manpower alone. Camran learned the seamen were not able to allow the ship to sit still in the water for very long, due to the danger posed by the large fish. That was why they had to row the boats so they could keep them moving. It was also why the captain was impatient with him the morning he was trying to get him to jump into the net from the flower. He didn't want the ship sitting under the flower any longer than was necessary.
After eating they started up the mountain once again. They were almost to the point where they were supposed to traverse around toward the west side, according to the map the Ruler of the Waters had given them. The Ruler had explained the last time he had ventured up these slopes was as a young man, a long time ago, so the map would not be as accurate as he would have liked it to be. So far, the trio found it had been quite accurate, in spite of the amount of time since the Ruler last made the trip up the mountainside.
The three reached the tree with the double trunk growing at an angle over the rocky ledge. The Ruler had hoped it was still there after all this time. It was a guide he had used when making the long journey up to the cave entrance. Here they began to work their way around to the left, toward the west side of the mountain. They had been climbing up the south side. There were no paths to follow so they constantly had to work their way around trees and rocky outcrops. It didn’t appear as though any other people ever climbed up this mountain, which seemed a little strange considering the magnificent views. The going was slow. Camran didn't mind because the scenery was beautiful, and he wasn't quite sure he was ready to read the Oracle just yet anyway. There was no urgent need to rush.
Soon they lost sight of the bay as they made their way onto a plateau. Some time later they were in a dense forest with trees so large and closely spaced they were no longer able to see out to sea at all. Before long they came to a large creek of crystal-clear water. A little way up the creek a waterfall cascaded down the mountainside, beginning some three to four hundred feet above them. The pool that was formed below the falls was deep and clear. Here they decided to stop for a longer rest, and to wash and cool off in the water. The days were so long Camran was going to try and get a little sleep while they were stopped. He wasn't used to the time frame of this world yet. It was only around midday he guessed, but already at least a day of earth time had passed since he had gotten up that morning.
The three stripped off their clothes and dove into the cool waters of the pool. Already tired from the journey up the mountainside it didn't take long before they were exhausted and left the water. Within minutes after drying off and putting on some dry clean clothes, Camran was fast asleep lying in the tall grass. Unbeknownst to him, Twil and Bran took turns at watch over their newly found friend and companion while he slept, each taking their turn at getting some rest as well.
Camran awakened to the smell of cooking. Bran was leaning over an open fire stirring the contents of one of the two small pots in front of him. It smelled like stew. His sleep had been deep and without dreams. He felt alive and refreshed after his long nap. It was still just as light and warm out as it had been when he went to sleep. If he didn't know better, he would have thought he had just slept for a few minutes.
The pan Bran was using to make the stew was made of thick glass with a special coating of tree sap and rock dust on the bottom. Bran explained to him that the sap from some of the trees was fireproof and used on many household items. The coating contributed to a hotter pan and an even distribution of heat. They were heavy to carry, which was why they carried only the smaller ones compared to the ones most used in the home. They each carried one of the glass pans in their packs, so they were able to prepare up to three different things at one time.
"I thought we could use a good meal before we climb the rest of the way," stated Bran as he heaped a large portion of the stew onto a plate and handed it to Camran.
"I think I would wait until he tries it first," joked Twil, loading his plate with a double serving. "If he doesn't start rolling on the ground with a stomachache when he's finished, then we can eat," he continued, as Bran reached out to take the plate from him. Before Bran's fingers had come near the plate Twil was several feet away. Camran barely saw him move he was so fast. They all laughed and began to eat. The three were becoming very close, even in the short time they had known each other. Although none of them knew what lay ahead, they somehow knew they needed each other in order to succeed. The stew was delicious even though it did not have any meat in it, thought Camran, eating a second helping.
"How much longer do you think it will take to reach the cave entrance?" asked Camran. "We haven't really come far up this mountain, considering how large it is."
"According to the map, the double tree was almost halfway to the cave. If all goes well, we should be there before nightfall, allowing for one more major resting period," spoke up Bran.
They finished eating, cleaned and repacked their things, and once more started off across the plateau toward the west side of the mountain.
In late afternoon they came out of the forest into a rocky area. There they changed course and began a steeper ascent up the mountainside. A short while later they stopped to rest at a point where there was an unobstructed view overlooking the sea. Way off in the distance Camran could make out what appeared to be white water. He got out the binoculars to look. Astonished at what he saw he handed the binoculars to Bran. After Bran, Twil put the glasses to his eyes.
"It's the Island Fracture," commented Twil.
Camran took back the glasses and looked again. Two giant waterfalls faced each other out in the middle of the sea. The falls continued in both directions for as far as they could see. Twil explained the Island Fracture completely surrounds Lotus Isle as well as the Isle of Flowers, which they were on. There was no passage or any way across those falls, at least none that anyone knew. Neither did anyone know how high they were because it was impossible to get very close without being sucked into the turbulent waters and over the falls. In the past, more than one ship had met their fate in that manner.
There weren't any lotus flowers growing close to those falls, either. It was as though they understood the danger the falls presented.
Another short nap, a bite to eat, and they were on their way. The path grew steadily steeper, although they were hardly very far up the mountain compared to its height. Camran wondered how long it would take to climb to the very top. He was sure the view alone would be worth the effort.
The air began to grow heavy and soon raindrops started to fall. It wasn't a very hard rain but looking up Camran could not believe there were no clouds in the sky! The short rain was refreshing and cool on their sweating bodies, so they didn't bother to stop. As the evening began to turn into night Twil pointed out a large outcropping of rock above them. That was where the cave entrance was supposed to be.
By the time they made it to the ledge it was almost dark. There they set up camp under an overhang of rock, in a recessed area along the cliff. The overhang would afford them some protection against the weather should the rain start up again or the wind pick up during the night. The temperature began to drop significantly as daylight faded from the sky.
Bran fixed dinner while Twil and Camran set up shelter for their bed rolls. They were tired from the day long hike, which would have equaled around three days on Earth. Other than having a bad heart back on Earth Camran had always been in good physical shape. Now his heart was strong and healthy once again. He felt young and vigorous, like he used to be when he was in his early twenties.
Camran was asleep almost as soon as he lay down.
A gentle breeze moved across the face of the mountain as he prepared to enter the cave. An icy chill went up his spine as he peered into the darkness beyond the opening. An unseen force was pushing him forward; a malevolent evil seemed to pervade the air around him. He tried to turn and run. But his body wouldn't respond. “Where were Bran and Twil?” he asked himself. He felt alone and afraid. A force from behind pushed him into the darkness. He was falling. Laughter, evil laughter filled the black void around him, echoing off the rock. He kept falling, so deep in panic he was completely unaware of his screams. Screams of stark terror erupted from his lungs over and over as he fell. Something grabbed on to him on the way down. It was too dark to see what it was. He struggled against those cold clutching hands. Something hit his face and he bolted into a sitting position, finally able to shake the terror of the nightmare. Bran had a hold of the front of his shirt. He was shaking him, had also slapped his face to bring him out of the dream.
"You were screaming in your sleep," said Bran, concern on his face. "Are you all right?"
"Yes. Yes, I think so," gasped Camran as his heart began to slow a little. "Another nightmare with the evil laughter and the cave," Camran offered by way of explanation, glancing fearfully over at the cave's entrance. The other two nodded their understanding.
It was still the middle of the night. Camran knew he wouldn't be able to sleep anymore so he crawled out of the bed roll and went to sit by the fire. He was unable, even in the warmth of the fire, to shake the chills he felt pulse throughout his body.
Apparently Camran's screams influenced Bran and Twil as well. Neither of them returned to sleep the rest of the night either. They sat around the fire without saying much to one another. Each was lost in thought at what they would find after entering the cave. The dawn of morning light was a long time in coming.
Chapter 6

Bran was just finishing the torches. They put off starting into the cave for as long as they were able. Now it was time to see what the darkness beyond the opening held in store for them.
The cave entrance was high and wide, but after a few yards narrowed to a wide corridor, approximately ten feet high. Their campfire was extinguished after they each lit one of the torches Bran had made. He made more than a dozen. They shoved the extras through the straps on their backpacks. They also decided to take all their gear with them, having no idea how long they would be inside the mountain.
"Well, are we ready?" asked Twil as he started to take the lead. Bran stepped in front of him and started into the wide opening. Camran followed Bran while Twil brought up the rear.
Their nerves on edge, they said very little as they made their way down the passageway. Even though it was unnecessary they also kept the noise as low as possible. Each was left to his own imagination as to what might be awaiting them around the next bend.
The corridor into the mountain was an easy walk for the three, especially after the hike up to the cave through the steep terrain. The underground tunnel sloped gently downward toward the heart of the mountain. For an indeterminate period, they followed the passage down into the darkness, following the directions on the map. Mainly they were to stay to the left at each junction they came to, until they came to a cavern filled with white rock. There, they were to take a right fork, which angled slightly upward before starting back down.
The cave wasn't as cold as they were expecting it to be. It started out cool but the longer they walked the warmer it became, until there was sweat dripping from their foreheads. They came to the cavern of white rock and decided to stop for a rest and something to eat. Prior to setting out that morning none of the three felt able to swallow even one mouthful of food. Their uneasiness over what may lie ahead quelled any desire to eat, so they didn't even try. After walking for as long as they already had without incident their confidence was building and they were beginning to feel somewhat more relaxed. They had regained their appetite by the time they stopped to rest.
There was a small creek flowing through this cavern of white rock. Camran washed his face in the cool water, while Bran put together something to eat. Twil, meanwhile, investigated the cavern and tunnels coming into the room. Assured there was no apparent danger; they sat for a while and ate the fruit and bread Bran had prepared.
After resting, they continued up the tunnel indicated on the map. In a short while the tunnel turned down, Camran felt relieved to know they were on the right path. It wouldn't do to get lost down here. There were hundreds of side tunnels and caverns that all looked the same. It was hard to believe the Ruler of the Waters had come here exploring all by himself. It was a wonder he had found the Oracle at all. And even more amazing to think he had made it back out without getting lost.
Camran stopped to light a new torch, the third one since starting out, when Bran called to them from a few yards down the tunnel. The tunnel had narrowed considerably, and the ceiling was now only about seven feet high, causing Bran to walk stooped over to avoid that occasional lower piece of rock protruding down from the tunnel ceiling. They made their way to where Bran waited and saw what he was calling to them about. Unlit torches lined one side of the tunnel wall. Further ahead they could see a large smooth stone slab.
The darkness gave way to light as Bran lit the torches along the wall. What looked like a smooth slab turned out to be a stone door. Bran pulled and tugged at the stone, unsuccessfully trying to get it to open. Camran and Twil had shed their packs and were standing by watching. If Bran couldn't open it, they surely couldn't. There wasn't enough space for more than one person at a time to get in close and pull on the stone doorway. After a while Bran gave up and sat down panting, trying to catch his breath. The air was heavy and warm. Sweat poured off Bran as he sat back against the wall.
Out of curiosity Camran walked over to look at how the door was constructed and fastened. It was ancient, that much he was certain. He could not tell how the door latched from the side they were on. He gave the door a half-hearted tug, more out of frustration than anything else. And the door swung noiselessly open.
"Guess when you want something done you need to have a man do it," said Twil, obviously ready to run if Bran got up. Bran just sat there looking up at Camran with a look of awe on his face.
It was pitch black beyond the open doorway. Camran held up the torch and moved a step into the darkness. His eyes widened in amazement as soon as the torch light passed through the opening. The cavern of his dreams was there before him. He wasn't sure whether to turn and run or continue on. As he took a step into the cavern his fear quickly evaporated. Strange, he thought, it feels good in here, not evil. Then he remembered the warm comforting presence in the room during one of his dreams. That was before the evil laughter had started.
Bran and Twil crowded in close behind him. The torch light played upon the cavern walls. They were unable to see the entire cavern from where they stood it was so large. They slowly walked toward the dark end, the light dancing on the gray and white rock. The shadows were eerie. Since there was no visible shining sun in this land, there were no shadows during the daylight, something Camran was just realizing.
As they moved farther into the room the far wall became faintly illuminated. Once they had moved closer to the dark end of the cavern, they were finally able to see it, the smooth stone containing the chiseled words of the Oracle. They stood gazing in wonder at the writing in the rock. Over in the corner was a small pool, filled by water seeping in through the cavern walls.
The three of them lit all the torches, so the room glowed brightly around them. Camran recalled how brilliant it had been in his dreams as well. Returning to the Oracle the three sat and began to read. After reading through it a couple of times he got up to fetch his paper and pen. He decided to write it all into his little book. Bran and Twil sat raptly studying the text.
Bran waited for Camran to finish copying before speaking. "I think we should put out some of the torches before they all burn out."
"That's a good idea," voiced Camran, as they went around putting half of them out.
They didn't know how long they had been there but knew they would be unable to reach the outside before nightfall. Besides, it was an uphill journey to get out and they were all exhausted.
Camran went back to studying the Oracle while the other two went about setting up camp. They had nothing to start a fire, so they had to settle for a cold dinner.
After eating they sat back and discussed the Oracle and its meaning. One thing was certain; there were a lot of cryptic parts to it. The torches began to dim as the hour got late. One by one they began burning themselves out. No one said it out loud, but they all felt the same; they didn't want to go to sleep down there in the cavern so close to the chiseled Oracle, especially not with the knowledge of Camran's dreams on all of their minds. But they were drowsy and their eyelids heavy.
The last of the torches had long since gone out, but the trio still remained seated in the dark cavern. At first, they thought it was an illusion, a trick being played on them by their tired eyes. A soft white fire began to glow on top of the still pool of water: growing in intensity the room took on a soft comforting light and warmth. The radiance of the fire warmed their souls. They felt a presence in the room, a comforting and good presence. A light harmony flowed through their bodies, barely noticeable, yet it felt like the flow of a small electric current. It traveled through the blood stream, reaching every cell with its calming sensuous effect. They stared at the fire in trancelike rapture.
Suddenly, the fire came alive. A glorious bridge of seven colors floated before their eyes. People were waving and laughing as they crossed its span.
Abruptly the scene changed. Death and destruction were everywhere. Evil dominated the land and there were diseases and wild animals preying upon the people. An unnamed horror pervaded the world. But these pictures were unable to reach their emotions during their trancelike state. Later, they would have a big impact on the three men.
The scene switched back to the wondrous bridge. At the end of this bridge were pictures and scenes indescribable. Rapturous beauty beyond words could only begin to describe the paradise among paradises depicted in the pictures. The three lost themselves in the glory of those scenes for the remaining hours of the night. Long after the fire pictures faded, they still stared, remembering the living beauty of the bridge. At the same time, they were unable to rid themselves of the vision of terror and death which they had also witnessed. While the tranquil beauty of the bridge made their spirits soar, the scenes of death and destruction pulled their souls downward toward darkness. The experience left them emotionally drained.
Chapter 7

The return trip down the mountain passed more quickly than the journey up. All three were markedly changed. They felt a deep sense of purpose to their lives after having visited the cave. And although they couldn't erase from their memories the horrible pictures they had witnessed, the magic of the wondrous scenes of the other world was something they didn't want to forget. Lost in thought and without much conversation they made their way back down to RiverRidge.
As they left the Cavern the stone door mysteriously closed behind them. They accepted this quietly, as if they expected nothing less.
On the way down the mountain they went a little out of their way and stopped by the grounds of the Ruler for a short visit. They told him they had decided to seek the bridge. He gave them his blessing and saw to it they had enough funds to cover whatever they would need in the way of supplies and transportation. The three men thought it interesting the Ruler had easily opened the stone door to the cavern many years ago as well. The three didn't try to explain what happened while there were inside the cave or what they had seen in the fire. The experience could not be described with mere words. However, when asked, the Ruler didn't recall the pool of water in the corner of the cavern.
Back at the bungalow they sent word to Captain Nepturos that they were ready to depart for Lotus Isle. The captain's reply said that he would be prepared to leave for OceanBay, on Lotus Isle, first thing in the morning.
The next morning Camran and his two companions were up before first light, bathed and dressed long before the captain stopped by the bungalow. Camran was intoxicated with life for the first time in many years. His health had left something to be desired prior to arriving in the flower. Now he was feeling like a young man once again. He didn’t have any nightmares during the night, either, and had awakened alert and refreshed from a good night of sleep. In fact, all three seemed to have been infused with a fresh outlook on life in general. A new excitement had taken the place of their doubts and fears of before.
The captain arrived and the four walked down to the dock in the weak morning light and boarded the ship, which was standing by ready to depart. The wharf area was almost deserted at that early hour. The air was cool and calm. The crew were already at their stations, and in a few minutes, they were slipping quietly away from the dock and out into the bay. Without the wind the rowers were hard at work, singing in rhythm to each stroke of the oars.
The trip to Lotus Isle would take three to four days with little or no wind. That was a long trip by Camran's standards and would make it a journey of nine to twelve days according to his time back on Earth. That could be cut considerably if a favorable wind developed.
As they moved a distance out into the bay Camran turned to look up to where he thought the Ruler of the Waters estate would be. He thought he could see a faint light, high on the hillside, about where he guessed the house was. He was sure the old man was up at that early hour watching them from a window in that huge house, surrounded by those beautiful gardens. That thought brought him some comfort as he turned and looked out over the widening bay ahead of them.
Later in the morning it had grown quite warm. Camran was content to stay below this trip, knowing what could happen should he venture to the upper deck.
His two companions, having checked out the ship, decided it was safe to leave Camran pretty much to himself, although one of the two was always nearby. Camran didn't know how they were able to stay awake for so long at a time. When questioned, they said he would become more adjusted to the longer days before long, and not require as much sleep during the daylight as he does now.
The days during the voyage were very restful for Camran. He sat relaxed on deck a great deal of the day and enjoyed the scenery. When he tired, he went into the cabin and slept for a short while. It was very difficult to adjust to the long days and the need to nap off and on during daylight hours. He noticed that gradually he was becoming accustomed to staying awake for longer intervals between naps.
The sea of lotuses was never ending. Mile after mile of brightly colored flowers dotted the water. These, along with their leaves, posed a threat to their travel after dark, however. Their speed had to be cut drastically, and lanterns hung from the bow, while spotters called out their direction to the man at the till.
Occasionally a large fish was spotted on the trip. Thankfully, most were far off in the distance. Although one surfaced within a hundred yards of the ship, it slipped under the water after a few minutes and didn't resurface. They were fortunate it didn’t bother them.
During the voyage Camran learned that the city of OceanBay was a seaport on the west side of Lotus Isle. The port was a mixed settlement of the various peoples that populated this strange new world. It was also the center of trade among the many diverse groups inhabiting the Isle. The idea of people living on other planets in the same solar system as the Earth was still a hard one for Camran to accept. He could accept life on other planets in the universe. However, life on planets in his solar system was another story. The pictures he had seen of some of those planets showed them to be nothing more than absolute wastelands. It seemed impossible for any form of life to live on them, let alone humans. The notion that at different vibrations other dimensions existed was barely believable to Camran. At any rate he hadn't come up with any other theory that would explain away what he had been told or what he had seen since his arrival. So, he was doing his best to accept the explanations offered to him, at least for the time being.
While enjoying the peaceful trip, Camran also learned a little more about how the Neptunians know when a particular lotus flower would open with a person inside. Along with a slight change in color, the curling of the upper tip of the flower was another clue. These changes take place some time prior to the opening. The timing and cycles of these changes have been well documented in the past by the Neptunians. As a result, the Neptunians can predict with fair accuracy when the flower would open, and therefore, be there to pick up the new arrival on the first morning.
The color change of these flowers was said to be very subtle to the eyes of those arriving from Earth, however, to the eyes of a knowledgeable Neptunian the change is drastic and very noticeable. Camran was told there were many of these ships constantly out cruising the sea, watching and noting the change in color of the flowers. That was their job and the way of life for most Neptunians. They not only enjoyed the sea more than anything, they were good at their work. Those who didn’t work on the ships worked in support of those that did. Many were needed to make nets and the other necessary items to outfit these vessels. They also worked in the repair facilities on shore. Many a ship became damaged by the huge fish and it was not unusual to see a ship limping into the bay in need of emergency repairs.
There was no appreciable wind during their voyage, making the trip as long as it ever takes to cross the water from RiverRidge to OceanBay. Camran didn't mind, he never tired of watching the beautiful colors that made up the scenery.
Late in the morning on the third day, Camran was able to see the great towering mountains on Lotus Isle off in the distance. He was told these mountains were not near the coast but were way inland. Their size and height led one to believe they were much closer than they actually were.
Early on the fourth day they were nearing the bay leading into the port of Oceanbay. Camran and the captain stood talking in the bow on the middle deck.
"How large is Lotus Isle?" asked Camran.
"It's many times greater than the Isle of Flowers," replied the captain. "In fact, no one knows exactly how large it really is, for much of the Isle has yet to be explored."
"Man was only a small player in this world," thought Camran, looking out over the water toward the distant mountains. He was surprised to also learn that a large portion of the Isle of Flowers had yet to be explored. The captain related to him that in a certain legend a long time ago a man had scaled the central mountain on the Isle of Flowers. But that legend, as far as the captain knew, had never been verified to be true.
One of the crew members pointed out to Camran the outline of the huge trees along the horizon. Camran was still awestruck at their immensity. These trees had to easily be one to two thousand feet tall. They dwarfed man and his creations.
Soon they entered the bay which housed the port city, OceanBay. Camran began to see other ships coming and going. Most were medium sized such as the one they were on, while others were much larger and were no doubt used as transport ships. The crews on those large ships had to be several times larger in number than this one, thought Camran, in order to be able to row them effectively when the air was calm.
The captain came up to stand beside Camran once more, having excused himself earlier to tend to his duties. "OceanBay is spread out all along the water and extends back into the woods quite a way. In the center of the city is a huge tree. You can just make out the top of it there," commented the captain, pointing with his stubby finger as he talked. "In the base of that tree is a hollow. In that hollow is located the Governor's office. It is there you and your two companions can visit the ancient museum. You will be able to learn much about the history of this land and its people."
The ship docked and the trio lost no time disembarking at the waterfront after saying their goodbyes to the captain. The captain wished them well and returned to his work. He had a lot of business to attend to, and some supplies to load before returning to the Isle of Flowers. Camran had come to like the man and his straightforward ways. He would miss him in the coming days but felt certain he would see him again before too long. The captain sent a seaman with the three to guide them to an inn where they could get rooms and a bath.
 After a short walk they were standing in front of a small inn on the outskirts of the city. From the inn, spread out before them, was a wonderful view of the bay. The inn was nestled on a hill between several tremendously large trees. The trees reminded Camran of maples, although they didn't really resemble them. It was the similar shape of the leaves that caused him to make the comparison.
The inn was small but quaint, clean and quiet. The seaman said the food was excellent and that they would find food more to their liking here than the tart food of the Neptunian people.
Although it was late in the afternoon, there was still a lot of daylight left before dark. The three companions decided to get cleaned up, see some of the city, and retire after an early meal. The next morning, they planned to go to the Governor’s office. Aside from Camran, neither of his other companions had been in this strange land for very long either. Although Twil had arrived the soonest of the three, he had only been there about six months longer than Camran. All three were anxious to have a look around the city.
Bran and Twil passed through OceanBay in route to RiverRidge, but they had departed the town immediately after their arrival and hadn't been able to sight see. Both had spent their time on Lotus Isle in their respective home planet communities located a distance away from OceanBay. They hadn’t met each other until recently. During their short time together, a deep friendship had already developed between them.
After a hot bath and change of clothes the three left the inn and walked down into the city. They had agreed to stay close together knowing their enemies were watching for them. They also knew there was little chance of anything happening to them while in this city. For one thing it was very doubtful any of the Guardians knew what they looked like, at least it was difficult to imagine them knowing, especially when it came to Camran, as he had only just arrived. And there were no survivors among the attacking Guardians at the community gathering. For another, OceanBay was noted for its unwritten rule of non-violence. The city was built around trade. It was imperative that all races, groups and individuals maintain good relationships while living, working, or just shopping within this city. Each community on the Isle contributed something worthwhile to the others. All these divergent peoples met and exchanged their goods and services in OceanBay. To jeopardize that trade was to place their very existence at risk.
Camran was amazed at the cleanliness of the city. There was no litter in the streets, the people were not slovenly dressed, and the buildings were in good repair. As they walked in the warmth of the late afternoon Camran thought how much he really liked this new world he had entered, except of course for the danger associated with his new undertaking.
Soon their walk took them into the market square. It was the size of several football fields. With all the shipping and trading the city was noted for, anything made, raised or grown throughout the entire world could be found for sale or trade in this market.
They spent quite a bit of time looking around in the shops and at the variety of people. Twil and Bran pointed out members from each planetary community as they passed them in the market.
One thing Camran thought was strange, there were no metal products other than swords, knives and scimitars in the market. He learned from Bran and Twil that there was very little metal ore of any kind in this world. Most of what did exist was on Serpent Isle, located a way out in the sea on the far side of Lotus Isle.
Twil explained, from what he had been able to gather since his arrival, that it was a relatively small Isle and was inhabited by a people known as the Vulcan. They were very mysterious and were said to have come from a planet within the orbit of Mercury. This planet was of such a vibratory nature as to be invisible to the eyes of those inhabitants on the other planets within the solar system. In fact, what he also heard was that few in this world had ever seen them they were so secretive.
During their voyage from the Isle of Flowers the trio learned it was impossible to navigate a vessel in either direction completely around Lotus Isle. In one direction lay the Sea of Turmoil, where the sea was in a constant upsurge of unstable conditions. The water moved in several different directions at once, converging in spots and shooting into the air over a hundred yards. In the other direction lay the Sea of Whirlwinds. This sea is relatively calm, and because it doesn’t look very dangerous has claimed the lives of many seamen who ventured to cross these harmless looking waters. Just a few feet above the water level are devastating whirlwinds traveling at great speeds. The size of the area covered by these whirlwinds fluctuates as the storms move above and across the water. Since they cannot be seen these windstorms pose great danger to the unsuspecting seaman. They can be heard, however, but by then it is usually too late to get out of the storm's path. The height of these winds was said to vary from several yards to within a couple of feet of the water surface.
Due to these conditions it was impossible to navigate to Serpent Isle. Traders were contracted to go to the Isle by land, following the shore of the un-navigable waters to a docking area on Lotus Isle directly across a short span of water from the Isle. There they would receive goods the Vulcan people would leave for them, or they would drop off what they had been contracted to bring. No one could go out to the Isle itself. Those that traded there rarely saw any of the Vulcan themselves. When they did see one, invariably they were wearing dark cloaks that covered up their facial features. In fact, it was said they only made these rare appearances under the cover of darkness, and then very seldom at that.
Bran spent some time in one of the shops that sold swords. Swords and knives were an important part of his life and it showed on his face whenever he picked up an exceptionally well made one, whether it was a sharply honed sword or a finely crafted dagger. He emerged from the shop with a sword he had purchased for Camran. Under protest Camran took the sword and thanked Bran for his thoughtfulness. Although at the time he didn't want to have anything to do with the weapon. Later that day, after having the sword hang at his side for a while, he had to admit he felt better for having it and was rapidly getting used to the extra weight tugging at his belt.
A little later, not to be outdone, Twil purchased a crossbow for Camran. Camran said he didn't know how to use either weapon. They both said they would help him learn. The two men certainly meant well and Camran thanked them both again and slung the crossbow across his shoulders. Since there was little metal to work with, the crossbow was completely made of wood. However, some of the wood on the Isle was said to be near the hardness of metal. Even the points of the arrows were hardwood tipped.
Twil's favorite weapon was the crossbow. Next to the double-edged sword Bran liked a simple bow and arrow. He always had them slung across his back.
It was in the market, while talking to one of the shopkeepers, Camran learned that the clothes he wore were made from the leaves of some of the giant trees. According to the man, up the coast a way was a variety of tree that made some of the best material on the entire Isle. The leaves of these trees were tanned in a process like that of tanning an animal hide. The process preserved the tissue in the leaves and gave it a texture similar to leather. The finished material could then be stained. The leaves themselves were extremely durable and tough.
As Camran stood talking to the shopkeeper about the process of making clothes from tree leaves, suddenly, the air began to crackle and snap behind him. He turned to see a man had fallen over dead, foam issuing from his mouth. A Plutonian had arrived to pick him up. The shopkeeper put a hand over his chest and hurried back inside the shop. Camran moved on with Bran and Twil, the fun having quickly faded from their shopping trip. Although none of the three said a word, the foam at the mouth they recognized. It was the same disease they had seen in the fire that night up in the cave.
As evening began and the shadows deepened, the trio stopped in a tavern for a mug of beer. The sign said the tavern carried the best beer in town. Although not cold, it certainly was good and thirst quenching. In the small room were several men and women from the different planetary races. There was a lady from the planet Jupiter that Camran couldn't stop watching. She had a slight blue cast to her skin, while her hair was quite a bit darker blue. She was quite beautiful and dazzling to watch. There was also another Martian warrior who resembled Bran in size and strength, though he seemed much more outgoing and boisterous in personality. Several Neptunians were also present. It seemed that one of the Neptunian ships had docked that day after being out to sea for a couple of weeks. There was no doubt they were making up for lost time, at least in the drinking department.
After they finished their beer they headed back to the inn for dinner. It was there that Camran learned there was no meat in this world. Not that there were no animals or other types of creatures around. There were. There just weren’t any edible ones. They did have several fish dishes at dinner along with lots of vegetables, nuts, and fruits to choose from. 
Camran chose one of several vegetable dishes with the help and advice of the inn owner who served them. It was delicious, and very much like the vegetables back home. The food was certainly more to their liking, just as the seaman had promised. The warrior and little man from Mercury were not able to explain to Camran the nature of the food they ate on their planets; however, both spoke very highly of their meals that evening, which were fish dishes.
Tired from the long afternoon and with a full stomach they retired to their rooms for the night. Camran had a room at the very end of the hall. Bran and Twil took turns at watch throughout the night.
Before the morning became very bright Camran was up bathed and dressed, anxious to go down to the Governor's offices to snoop around. After a filling breakfast of cereal and fruit, washed down with some liquid that had a faint resemblance to coffee, they set out toward the center of the city.
As the captain had said, the Governor's offices were in the hollow of a very large tree. The tree itself was some one hundred yards in diameter. On the side facing the bay there was a large hollow extending about one-third of the way across the base of the tree and reaching back into it about fifty yards. All the offices of the government for all of Lotus Isle were located here at OceanBay, which lay at the center of the trade business for the world.
The man-made structural portion of these offices extended out in front of the tree and sort of wrapped out to the edges of the tree trunk. The offices themselves were several stories high as the hollow reached up some one to two hundred feet. Each level of the structure was recessed inward above the lower level, giving the appearance of a stepped pyramid.
The three companions stood in awe of the structure for several minutes. The building was made completely out of wood from a similar tree, so the building blended in perfectly within the hollow it was built into and around. The overall appearance made it seem as though these offices were more a growth on the tree than a separate structure designed and created by man.
At the entrance to the building they were greeted by two Martian warrior guards, with two more standing a short way behind and to the side of the entryway. Camran announced they wished to see the museum. Apparently, they were expected. The Ruler of the Waters had sent word of their arrival.
They were escorted deep within the hollow and asked to wait in a large round room which held little furniture. After waiting for a short while, a man in a blue uniform came and escorted them to a room that held a large vault type door at one end. The escort looked remarkably like someone from Earth but somehow not quite the same. Sensing their curiosity, he explained he was from Venus. He announced the Governor would be along shortly to help them, and then he left the room.
"Excuse me gentlemen," apologized a large heavyset man as he entered the room. "I was detained on another matter, which I'm afraid I was not able to complete as rapidly as I thought. I understand, you sir, are the new arrival from Earth and are here to look over our museum collection."
Camran nodded as he stepped forward to shake the extended hand of the Governor of the Isle.
"I will open the vault for you and leave you free to examine and study the artifacts at your leisure." stated the Governor. "I'll be more than happy to answer any questions when you finish."
"Why are these things kept in a vault?" asked Twil, looking at the locking mechanism with challenge in his eyes.
"I assure you it isn't because we are afraid of anything being stolen. It is primarily to keep them preserved in a controlled environment. Some of the items are thought to be several thousand years old and therefore irreplaceable," explained the Governor.
The Governor opened the vault and the trio stepped inside. They were surprised when the vault opened into a very large room. It was filled with many treasures of the past. A museum, complete with books, paintings and sculptures, as well as other artifacts filled the shelves and cases around the room.
In the center was a large glass case with a series of old parchments unrolled and displayed. These scrolls, although undated, told of the difficulties encountered by the first few arrivals into this strange and beautiful world. Intrigued, Camran began to read. The scrolls told of how the first few pioneers barely made it to land upon their arrival. Many didn't make it to the relative safety of the Isles. There were no Neptunian ships to pick them up in those days. For the most part the scrolls spoke of the first inhabitant’s problems and the immense beauty that existed throughout the world at that time.
Intrigued, he pulled up a nearby chair and continued reading the parchments. It was quite a while later when he finished the last parchment and stood up. Having read and reread many sections, Camran felt it was worthwhile that he had taken the time to read the whole thing. The old parchments not only gave him a better understanding of the people and their way of life, but he was also able to learn much about the topography of the Isle as well.
The three spent the balance of the morning looking at the items on display in the cases around the room before leaving and heading back to the inn for lunch.
While waiting for lunch, Camran and his two friends concentrated on his little book containing the text of the Oracle. The three decided the first thing they should do was locate this "Creek that replies to all who speak - the seven will be revealed there." None of the three had any idea where they might find this creek, or where their quest would take them from there.
Later that day, while in the market, the trio discovered that the "Creek that replies to all who speak" is well known to those who have been in this land for any length of time. The three of them, being such recent arrivals, didn't know that a small town down the coast, called Echo Creek, was famous for that saying. At Echo Creek they hoped to learn the identity of the seven that would join them in their quest for the magical bridge.
There was no reason to wait around OceanBay any longer, they had accomplished what they needed and could now begin the first leg of their quest for the mysterious beautiful bridge. Arrangements were made to sail on a ship to Echo Creek the following day. The three companions spent the remainder of the afternoon putting their provisions together, and then went to bed early that night in anticipation of their leaving in the morning. The captain of the ship they were traveling on stated they would arrive in Echo Creek by the end of the day. Echo Creek wasn’t a long distance from OceanBay.
Chapter 8

It was early in the afternoon and the sky was clear, the air warm. The ship Camran and his companions had arranged passage on was nearing the village of Echo Creek. They were nearing the dock area that served the village, according to one of the crew members. The main part of the village was located several miles inland.
During the voyage Bran and Twil both took turns coaching Camran on how to use the sword and crossbow. It was no surprise that he discovered he was much better at using the crossbow than he was the sword. Twil had rigged a background of leaf material behind a painted target on the middle deck so Camran could retrieve the arrows he used for practice.
Echo Creek was a small village whose main activity was logging. Not the logging that Camran was used to. The trees were too large and the tools too inadequate to cut down the ones that were full grown. Instead, with wooden and stone saws and axes small young trees were cut, as well as the limbs of some of the larger ones. Some of these smaller trees and branches rivaled some of the largest trees Camran had ever seen on Earth.
The creek that ran through the town to the sea was used to float the logs down to the dock area. There, they were loaded and shipped to OceanBay. The trees that grew in this area were known for their color and hardness. The craftsmen in OceanBay made furniture and a variety of bowls and other cooking and kitchen utensils from these hardwoods.
Echo Creek was far from a creek to Camran. In fact, by his standards it wasn't even a small river but a large one. It averaged a hundred yards wide and was quite deep in most places; however, there were a couple of shallow areas which made it impossible to navigate the ships all the way up the creek to the village.
At the dock the trio left the ship, their backpacks filled with the provisions they had put together before leaving OceanBay. They began to walk up the creek on the well trodden pathway that would take them to the village a few miles away.
The Echo Creek area was the primary settlement of the people from the planet Jupiter. They were a happy, hard working and logical thinking people. The blue cast to their skin and blue hair made them easy to recognize among the other inhabitants.
Their walk to the heart of the village was enjoyable by all three companions. Not having had much exercise in the previous days it felt good to get out and stretch their legs. The walk itself was mostly level and easy. The forest was beautiful and consisted of many trees with bright shades of red and purple in their bark. The bark from these trees was another product of the logging operations and was made into the dyes that were used in clothing and paints. The wood from these trees went into making the beautiful bowls and pieces of furniture Camran had seen in the market in OceanBay. At the time he thought the wood had been stained. Now, looking at the trees themselves, he knew the wood grew naturally in the colors he had seen. It made him appreciate the quality of the workmanship even more.
Echo Creek was small and spread out among the trees. The center of the village was in a clearing overlooking the creek. The creek split the village into two sections. The sections were joined by a picturesque bridge arching over a narrow part of the waterway. The main area of the small settlement was on the side of the creek served by the road going to the docks. They were directed to the only inn the village had to offer, which was on the far side of the village, the same side of the creek they had been walking along. Traveling to the inn gave them an opportunity to see much of the settlement as they passed through.
The inn keeper was a tall friendly woman. She showed them upstairs to their rooms and a few minutes later brought them a hot pitcher of tea, telling them it was made from the leaves of one of the local trees. It was strong but Camran thought very tasty, reminiscent of the taste of oranges but pink in color.
They left their packs in the rooms and decided to get a bite to eat. Camran still wasn't used to all the meals he needed to eat during the longer days since he arrived. His sleeping habits were gradually changing. He didn't need to nap as many times each day as he had those first couple of days.
As they came down the stairs, they were greeted by a tall woman with lighter blue hair than the other people they had seen from Jupiter. Her name was Gena. She explained that the mayor was out at a logging site and was unable to greet them personally, so had sent her instead. She had arrived in Echo Creek about four months previously. Word that she may be needed to help the trio had come to the mayor of the village the day before, from the Ruler of the Waters, himself. And any request from the Ruler was not taken lightly.
She explained, according to the mayor, the decision as to whether she would be of help to them, or not, would depend upon the outcome of the flooding at the Gateway to the Stones. The three questioned her on what that meant. She apparently had no idea but reassured them that they would meet with the mayor for dinner and could ask for further information then. In the meantime, she would be happy to be their guide for the rest of the day.
Gena was over six feet tall and had an infectious smile. Her obvious intelligence was perhaps her greatest asset. The three companions spent a leisurely afternoon in her company. She took them through one of the logging mills, showing them what most of the people in the village spent most of their time doing. The process for preparing bark to use as dye and paint was one of the highlights of the tour, as far as Camran was concerned. Some of these colors he had never seen before. It was strange to think there were only so many different colors and then see entirely new ones.
During the afternoon's conversation Gena explained how she came to this world. On Jupiter it wasn't unusual to have "orbit wobbles" as they called them. It was like a giant shudder, similar to an extremely large earthquake. These wobbles were generally not a problem. In fact, there was usually a small tremor prior to the shudder which allowed everyone a few seconds of preparation. The greatest danger wasn't the movement of the planet but the building construction. Construction had reached a very sophisticated level on the planet and it was rare to have a structural failure during one of these events. Some of these wobbles were very powerful, yet the buildings survived. Gena was caught in an extremely powerful wobble in a newly constructed high rise, triangular. The new design was proven to be faulty when the building collapsed during the opening ceremony on her and the rest of the celebrating officials. She laughed as she added; she didn't like the builder anyway.
The afternoon was entertaining and informative to all four. Gena's company was very enjoyable. The time passed much too quickly and soon the afternoon was gone and it was time to go to the mayor's house for dinner.
The mayor was a tall thin man with a good sense of humor. He greeted them warmly at the door and invited them inside. He lived in a large home just south of the village on a small lake. The view from the dining room was very picturesque with the large trees of different colors lining the lake, reflecting their bright colors in the clear still waters.
Gena was also invited to join them all for dinner. Although not all the members of this quest for the bridge had been decided, the mayor felt certain Gena would also be accompanying them. He believed it a necessity to have a logical person, capable of sound reasoning on the quest. And the people of Jupiter were known for their sound reasoning and logical thought.
"How can this quest be successful without a representative from Jupiter?" the mayor asked the question of no one in particular, after stating his reason for inviting Gena to dinner.
The dinner consisted of a fish dish as the main course, several vegetable dishes and homemade bread. The whole meal was delicious, especially the bread and fish. The lakes and rivers ran full of fish, the mayor explained. Each area throughout the Isle had different varieties of fish in their lakes and streams, along with some that were similar all over the island. The fish they were eating for dinner came from the lake behind the house. Camran thought it tasted like salmon, although the main difference between the fish he was familiar with and the fish here was their size. Some of the smaller fish in this world weighed fifty to one hundred pounds and would feed many people. Camran had seen at least one too many of these big fish up close.
With the dinner the mayor served a locally fermented wine. It was made with a combination of a variety of some of the fruits grown in the area. The result was remarkable. It had a taste entirely its own, not too sweet and not too tart. Camran's taste buds were awakening to all the new flavors he had encountered thus far since his arrival. This wine was a new taste, very much unlike any wine he had ever tried before. And yet if he had encountered it on Earth, he believed it would have become one of his favorites.
Without giving all the details, the mayor said they would leave at first light for the Gateway to the Stones, which lay some twenty miles to the north. They would camp the night there and prepare for the following morning. The opening of the gate can only be made at first light. Whenever one of the three tried to get more information about the Gateway to the Stones the mayor put them off, saying it would all make more sense when they were there. 
The next morning the trio, Gena, the mayor and four guards set off at daybreak. They crossed the bridge in the village to the west side and then continued north along the creek. The roadway was wide, the going easy. This route was often used by some of the loggers working the jobs they had to the north.
After walking a few hours, they stopped to have something to eat and rest a while. The countryside was wild and beautiful. The trees and other plants were alive with color. The one thing that did seem to be missing was animals. The mayor assured them there were animals, but for the most part they stayed away from the villages and people.
One of the mayor's guards was handing Camran something to snack on. As he reached up to take the food the guard reeled back clutching his throat. Between his fingers protruded the shaft of an arrow, which had been fired from a crossbow. As the guard fell to the ground, obviously dead, another arrow barely missed Camran's head, lodging in the tree behind him.
Bran had already pulled out his crossbow. At the same time, he grabbed Camran by the arm and yanked him down behind a large exposed root. Camran too had pulled the crossbow off his back, although he was uncertain, he could use it to kill anyone. He also wasn’t yet confident he could hit anything he was aiming at either.
Twil was nowhere to be seen. The mayor and Gena had scrambled behind a nearby tree as the guards shielded them from any potential harm. It was becoming clear that the target had been Camran.
They were all scanning the area they suspected the arrow had come from, looking for the person responsible, when there was a cry from high in a tree about fifty yards ahead. A man wearing a cap fell out of the tree and landed on his back on the forest floor. An arrow was sticking out of his chest. Twill stepped out from behind a nearby root, holding his crossbow in his hands. Apparently, he had determined this was a lone assassin and they were no longer in danger. Just to make sure the mayor's guards quickly spread out and began checking the surrounding area.
A crackle in the air signified the return of the dark cloaked men to retrieve the bodies. Two Plutonians appeared, picked up the dead men and quickly vanished. No one knew what happened to the bodies after the Plutonians picked them up, however, it was believed by most people that the individual left the body upon death, just as they all had done when they came into this world.
The mayor's guards returned and reported they hadn't found anything or anyone else. The enemy had known they would come through here on their way to the "Creek that replies to all who speak." Now it was even more imperative the group reach their destination quickly so they would be somewhat more secure. Two of the guards scouted on ahead while Twil stayed a way to the rear. One of the guards stayed with the mayor, and of course the Martian warrior stayed close to Camran.
The strain of the attack made the rest of the trip seem to last much longer than it might have otherwise. Camran lost interest in the beauty around him as he kept a watchful eye ahead and above, wondering why these people wanted to kill him.
The level ground gave way to rolling foothills shortly after the attack. Without any further incident they arrived at a wide canyon with a creek running down the middle. The mayor said at the end of the canyon was a cave, this cave was their destination. Even though they had barely entered the canyon words were coming back to them, echoed off the canyon walls. The surprising thing was the words were not theirs. At first Camran and the others thought someone else was there ahead of them, yelling down to them from the cliffs above. The mayor, amused by their reaction, assured them that was not the case. Through some mysterious act of nature or of magic, as the mayor believed, the canyon echoed back words that were spoken days or even years in the past. One could come and sit here for days and not hear a thing, even in answer to their calls, or one could be here for minutes and hear dialogue spoken many years ago. That was what they were hearing as they walked up the canyon, words spoken at some time in the past.
A short while later they reached the end of the canyon where a beautiful waterfall cascaded down the rocky cliff. Most of the way through the canyon they listened to the echoes of a couple of prospectors conversing about the possibility of metal ore being discovered in that region. One believed the prospects good, the other didn't. Camran thought it was strange and kept his conversation to a minimum, concerned about who might hear it in the future.
When they reached the end of canyon, they saw it. The opening of the cave stood just to the right of the waterfall, at the end of a narrow pathway. Bran and Twil went ahead to investigate while the others waited.
It wasn’t long before they signaled all was safe. The rest of the party hurriedly made their way up to the cave entrance. The mayor explained they would make camp just inside the mouth of the cave and prepare for the morning opening of the gate. When Camran again asked for more details on the procedure, the mayor said after they made camp he would explain.
When camp had been set up and wood gathered for the fire the mayor picked up two torches and took Camran farther inside the cave. The cave was formed into two separate chambers. The first was the one in which they had set up camp. The second was reached through a small opening at the very back of the first. The second cavern was huge. The light from the torches didn't pierce the darkness to reach the opposite wall, or even up to the ceiling of the large room. There were a series of torches along the wall which the mayor lit. He explained it was his duty to maintain this place so it would be ready for use in any year. A crew from the village came up every couple of months to check on everything and make sure all was in order. In fact, he himself had been here only about a month ago.
Gradually the cavern began to light up as one by one the torches were lit. They could see the high ceiling was shaped in the form of a dome. The floor was sunken, in some places more than others. Large boulders were strewn across the floor. On one side of the cavern wall was a wooden wheel. The wheel was enmeshed into a large wooden gear that connected to some ropes and pulleys. The ropes were attached to a slab of stone which served as the gate and held back the water.
"Welcome to the Gateway to the Stones," said the mayor.
When the wheel was turned it rotated the gear which pulled on the ropes, lifting the slab and allowing water to rush in, flooding the cavern floor. Camran hadn't noticed, but the mayor pointed out the boulders on the cavern floor each represented one of the planets in the solar system. They were arrayed as the planets were, around a boulder representing the sun, in concentric circles the same shape as the solar system. As the water filled the cavern floor, some, but not all of the boulders would become completely surrounded by water. Camran took note that the boulders were also set at various heights, while the sunken parts of the floor were troughs for the water to follow and then fill. The troughs varied in depth, also.
The boulder representing Earth was in the path of the initial onslaught of water and was set the lowest. It would always be surrounded with water, as was the case with the boulders representing Mercury and Mars. There would always be a representative from those two planets to accompany the one from Earth, whenever there was a quest. Presumably there had been other quests for this bridge and would be others in the future. Wouldn't there be new arrivals into this world even if the bridge was revealed and the present inhabitants left? These and other questions nagged at Camran's mind. There was so much information to absorb Camran hadn't had time to think it all through. There were too many other things to think about, his safety especially.
Other than those three, the rest of the boulders representing planets may or may not become surrounded with water when the gate was opened. There was no way to predict. Of course, the boulder representing Pluto was sitting high and dry, as Camran would have suspected. It could not be reached by the water. They were occupied with their own business, the collecting of the dead, and would not have a representative on the quest. The collecting of the dead was obviously for some purpose, although that purpose was unknown to the people of this world. Camran felt overwhelmed at the ingeniousness yet simplicity of the procedure that would occur on the floor of that cave.
As simple as the process was, Camran couldn't believe the elaborate setup just to determine which four additional planets would be represented on their mission, out of the remaining five. The Neptunians already had important work in the same manner as the Plutonians, so Camran couldn't understand the reasoning behind including them. If they weren't included there would be no need to determine who the additional members were. Camran conceded to the wisdom of the higher power that was obviously instrumental in the magic of this world but had to wonder at whose hand this had been devised.
The other boulders were surrounded by water depending upon how a series of traps activated. There were three small boulders sitting between troughs which Camran had at first thought represented moons. After studying them he noticed how the water level and speed of passage through the troughs would dislodge them. Each boulder would fall one of two different ways, blocking off a trench, thereby directing the water to encircle only those boulders in the pathway of the unobstructed trench.
Camran commented to the mayor that the whole idea of choosing members of the quest in this method of happen chance didn't make much sense. Why not pick the participants based on something they would add to the group or better yet on their willingness to participate?
The mayor patiently explained that although it may appear the members are arrived at by chance, that was far from the truth. There was magic in this land. The bridge was activated by some mysterious force, once certain conditions have been met. The water flowing into this cavern comes from some underground source. The amount of water varies, as does the pressure, not to mention the shaking of the ground which plays on the boulders that block and direct the water. "No," said the mayor. "Not by chance at all."
With each opening of the gate the water amount varies. When the allotted amount for this opening has come in through the gate, the flow mysteriously stops. The cavern and the whole process will come alive, as they would see in the morning. This the mayor promised with a wave of his hand.
Only Camran, Bran and Twil would be allowed inside the cavern during the time of the opening. In that way only the three of them would know who will be joining them. The warrior would turn the wheel while the little man from Mercury would guard the entrance.
One last thing the mayor explained. The water only stays in the cavern for a very short time once the flow stops. Then it quickly and mysteriously drains, although there are no drainage holes that can be seen. Now, even knowing how the process would work, Camran still felt his mind brimming with questions. And that was becoming a common feeling in this world.
After going through the procedure in its entirety with Camran, the two joined the others in the outer cavern. A fire had been built and the mayor's guards were cooking the evening meal. Darkness was descending on the canyon. Twil was out having a look around while Bran stood guard at the entrance to the cave. He took up a position where he could see down the narrow path that would have to be negotiated in order to get to where he sat.
Everyone ate and sat around the fire quietly that evening, each of them thinking over the attack earlier in the day. Amidst their thoughts they were serenaded by the two prospectors who apparently had set up camp near the waterfall and were partaking in an overindulgence of wine. Some of the language turned Gena's ears bright blue. During the breaks in the drunken song all wondered what developments the morning would bring.
They turned in early to get a fresh start in the morning. They wanted to be prepared to open the gate at first light, as well as make sure the area was secure from any danger of disruption from their enemy. Just before they fell asleep a loud belch reverberated off the canyon walls. One of the prospectors was still awake.
It was still dark as Camran rolled out of his sleeping bag, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. He hadn't slept well, his dreams filled with nightmares of assassins hiding in the trees. The fire had died down during the night and Twil was putting more wood on the hot embers to stoke it back up.
It was a little cool as Camran walked down to the water’s edge to wash his face. The water was cold and refreshing. He quickly awoke and became alert when he splashed the cold liquid on his face. It would still be a while yet till it could be called first light.
Once breakfast was finished the mayor went over the procedure one more time with Camran so he and the other two would have no problems once they were inside the cavern. Camran would instruct Bran and Twil when they were ready. The rest of their party would wait in the outer cavern, standing guard while they awaited the outcome.
With dawn near, the trio entered the second cavern. Bran and Twil went around and lit the torches. The light cast dancing shadows on the walls and ceiling, making the cavern an eerie sight to the three as they prepared to open the gate and flood the cavern floor.
Camran went over the other's assignments. The two nodded and went to do their respective parts without question. When they were ready and in position, he gave the go ahead and Bran started to turn the wheel.
The instant the wheel moved a loud groan issued forth from the floor of the cavern. It was as though a giant was awakening from a very long sleep. The walls seemed to blur in front of Camran's eyes, the floor rolled. The cavern had indeed come alive.
The stone began to rise as the wheel squeaked with each turn. A small amount of water began to enter the cavern, accompanied by an escaping hiss. There seemed to be a great deal of pressure behind the slab of stone. Bran's muscles strained as he forced the wheel to turn, drawing on the ropes attached to the stone.
The wheel turned a little more and suddenly, a wall of water gushed out through the opening in the rock. The gate was fully opened. The wheel stayed in position with the slab of rock stuck at its highest point by some unseen force. Bran had to move back from the wheel in order to prevent himself from being swept into the center of the boulder strewn floor, to swirl around the large rocks.
The cavern heaved and groaned as the rushing waters began to fill the trenches and troughs crisscrossing the cavern floor. The first of the small boulders dropped into one of the trenches, blocking off one of the avenues of the water. And then the second and third fell. The floor twisted and rose on one side, running the water up an impossible slope and surrounding the boulder that was the representative of the planet Uranus, signifying the representative from that planet would be joining them.
Camran was knocked to his knees by the force of the upheaval of the cavern floor. Too dumbfounded to do anything else he stayed in that position, watching in awe at the movement and way the cavern had come alive once the gate had been opened.
The water stopped coming through the wall with a hiss that sounded as though a gas pipe had erupted. Moments later there was nothing but silence. The cavern floor was still, and the water balanced out among the boulders.
The three companions regained their feet, looking in stunned silence at what had just happened. There was no logical explanation for all that had taken place. No, it hadn't been chance at work here. The magic of the gateway reinforced the trio's commitment to seek the bridge. What Camran was supposed to do exactly, and why he was brought here in the first place, he couldn't answer. He only knew he felt the power and goodness deep within himself. It was a feeling he couldn't deny; a calling to destiny that was beyond his comprehension and which he was powerless to change or ignore.
Quickly the three took a survey of which boulders were encircled with water before the water drained away. There was Venus, Jupiter, Uranus, and Saturn not to mention the Earth, Mercury, and Mars. Neptune and Pluto were high and dry. The boulder representing the Sun was completely submersed, although that boulder wasn't the lowest one on the cavern floor when they started. The mayor hadn't said anything about the Sun and of course there wouldn't be any life on the Sun anyway, would there?
They had the names of the seven they were to have on the quest, with the sun playing some unknown role, Camran suspected. He felt certain there was some significance to the boulder representing the sun being under water, perhaps a secret role of some sort. The process of selection he now believed was not just by chance, as he had earlier thought. The boulder being under water instead of surrounded by it most certainly meant something, although he had no idea what.
True to the mayor's word the water drained very rapidly a few minutes after the flooding had stopped. In short order the cavern was empty, was even dry. There was no trace of water or wetness anywhere. The three were amazed at how quickly this was accomplished.
Bran lowered the stone back into place and the three met at the entry into the first cavern. Without saying a word, they exchanged a knowing glance of what they were called upon to do. The experience in those last moments cemented their relationship even deeper than it already had been. They were one with each other, each willing to give their own life to protect the others. There was no doubt something great was at work here, they had all felt and experienced it deep within themselves.
When they emerged from the cavern Bran quickly went to Gena and put his arm around her shoulders. With a nod and a look from the other two she knew she was to play a part in this quest as well. The four quietly got prepared to depart the canyon.
When all was ready the mayor gave the foursome a map of the known and explored areas of the Isle. Near each village was the name of the planetary people who populated it. The mayor asked no questions as to what the outcome had been. He knew he would receive no answer from the three. He saw the calm determined and confident look on their faces as they exited the cavern. It pleased him to see unity among them.
They said goodbye to the mayor and thanked him for his help, declining his offer to come back to the village with him and set out the following day. They all walked together to the entrance of the canyon, there they separated, each group going its own way. Behind them the prospectors were arguing over who finished the last of the wine the night before and why the other hadn't thought to bring more.
Chapter 9

It was raining. However, with the canopies of the huge trees above them, hardly a drop of water came through the umbrella of leaves to reach the ground. The party of four sat discussing their plans under the protection of one of these trees. Gena, now a member of the group, was informed about which planets would have representatives on the quest to uncover the secrets of the bridge. Bran explained to her what had happened inside the cavern and what it had been like. He seemed to have become quite protective of Gena in the short time he had known her. They also shared with her the events in the cave on the Isle of Flowers, although it was difficult to put those feelings into words. Gena was intuitive enough to sense that the dramatic scenes they had described had deeply affected all three in marked ways.
In the several hours since they had left the mayor and his guards, Bran and Twil had kept a constant vigil out for anything suspicious. All four were uneasy and spent a great deal of time looking up into the trees. They had seen nothing out of the ordinary, however, all of them felt sure the Guardians of the Bridge were probably out there somewhere.
The map was spread out between them as they considered their travel options. They were certain the enemy was following and watching their every move. Whatever plan they came up with would have to include someway of losing those watchful eyes. They were the only ones who knew which planets would be represented and consequently which villages they would be traveling toward. And there were several choices available to them.
Since they needed to travel to several different places, it really didn't matter in which direction they traveled first. They also took into consideration the enemy would guess they would be going to some of those same villages. It would be easy for them to watch all the villages and have people waiting at each for their arrival. They had no choice but to face that eventuality when the time came. For now, the immediate need was to lose those that most likely were still following them. They didn't want to face any more ambushes along the way.
It was still a long time before dark, so the party decided to head out toward the southeast, in the general direction of Nemaris. Nemaris is a settlement of people from Uranus. They would eventually have to go there and pick up the Uranian representative, but for now heading in that direction would be no surprise to the enemy. Along the route they intended to change course and lose anyone that may be behind them. The foursome held out hope that the enemy would withdraw to Echo Creek once they saw the direction they were headed and go the easier way, which was by ship. But they really had no intention of going to Nemaris just yet.
As darkness set in, they would quickly move ahead, set up a phony camp and then change direction under cover of night. They would head toward the Talmus River to the northeast where they would buy a small boat at the trading settlement there, called Val. From Val they would travel down the river to the seaport trading town of Statmer. At Statmer they would gain passage on a boat to RockView up the coast. RockView was a settlement occupied by the Saturnian peoples. Hopefully the plan would work, and they could gain some valuable time without interference from the Guardians.
There was one other consideration working in their favor. Very few had seen any of them in person and had to rely on seeing a group composed of the right combination of nationalities in order to uncover their identity. Those that now may know there was a fourth member traveling with the group could only pass that information on by going back and relaying it through Echo Creek. Until word had reached the other settlements, the Guardians wouldn't know how many, or what nationalities comprised the group. Of course, these were all assumptions, there was really no way of knowing if anyone was indeed following them at this point. Perhaps the assassin they had come across outside of Echo Creek had been acting alone. If that was the case, then no one yet knew that Gena had joined the quest, except the mayor. But they had to assume the worst to be on the safe side. And the worst was that the Guardians knew their present whereabouts and were on their trail, intent on killing them.
Even though it was a long trip on foot to the Talmus River, the advantages outweighed the disadvantages of walking. No one would be able to recognize them if they separated into two groups of two when they arrived in Val. Word of their descriptions would take several days to get there and should offer them time enough to make arrangements for a boat and again be on their way.
They rested a while longer without talking. Camran pulled out the small book holding the copy of the legend and studied some of the statements once more. They were resting near Echo Creek, which was much smaller here than back in the village. A short walk up the creek revealed a spot that was shallow enough to wade across. They all crossed without incident, Bran and Twil keeping an eye out for any possible attacks while they were out in the open.
They traveled a considerable distance in that one long day. When it neared nightfall, they stopped to set up camp near a small creek. They were counting on their enemy not trying anything until long after dark. A fire was started, Bran and Twil set about gathering some of the more recently dropped leaves. When asked by Camran what they were doing, they replied they were going to erect shelters and make some beds.
Camran watched as they took a leaf that was fresh, cut it down to the size of a bed, and stretched it out slightly above the ground. The four corners of the leaf were then tied to stakes that were driven into the ground. Each of these stakes was tied to a rope that extended a few feet out from each corner. These ropes were tied to another stake and driven into the ground at an angle. The effect was something like a trampoline. They could place their bed rolls on top of these leaves, rather than lay on the hard ground, that is if they were going to spend the night there, which they weren’t.
Next, the two men took another leaf that was curled and not so fresh. They placed it over three of the beds, like a tent, to protect them from the rain and wind. Bran explained that many times these leaves would only need to be tied down, since they were already curled and shaped well enough to use as a temporary shelter. Since many of the leaves were over ten feet across, they provided excellent tents to sleep beneath. They placed one last smaller leaf over the remaining bed and began to gather some firewood.
Not quite dark and the camp set up, they sat back to eat and relax. They gave every appearance they were settled in for the night. Once it became dark the fire was stoked up and the companions headed for their shelters. Twil volunteered to take the first watch. Twil being the quickest and most agile of the party, they all agreed he would be best suited to take first watch on this night.
Under cover of darkness, one by one, they snuck out beyond the circle of light into the surrounding forest. They met at a point approximately one hundred yards from the camp, on the opposite side from where they entered when they set it up. From there they moved quickly and quietly through the forest with Bran in the lead. Twil caught up with them in complete silence. He appeared at Camran's side from out of nowhere. They weren't overly concerned about tracks, figuring they would have a head start advantage. They figured if the enemy had caught on to their plan, they would be waiting to ambush them by now. Of course, there was always the off chance no one at all was following them, deciding instead to wait at each settlement for their arrival.
They continued for several miles before daring to stop and rest. When they finally did stop, they didn't make a fire or set up comfortable beds. They decided to sleep for three or four hours then head out again. All were hoping the Guardians wouldn't discover they had left camp until morning. The enemy knew they would have a guard out and hopefully wouldn't approach or attack the camp during the night. It was more likely they would set up another ambush somewhere up ahead during the daylight hours, now that they believed they knew the route the foursome was headed.
After a restless sleep they were off once more. Twil had an uncanny sense of direction. There were no compasses nor was there a sun or stars with which to gage their direction. Even though there was barely enough light to see, Twil pointed out the way they should go without the slightest doubt or hesitation. His skills and talents constantly surprised Camran.
The trip to Val would take them several days on foot. There was no other source of transportation in this world, other than by water, which was not available to them here in the interior. One spot of travel along the way proved quite difficult during the night. The forest floor was covered by recently dropped leaves from a species of tree that normally shed its leaves in the summertime, rather than in the fall. Because of their size, these leaves presented a nasty obstacle course for the companions. To make matters worse there was very little light with which to navigate through the fallen forest litter.
The leaves were curled, standing on end, flat, stacked up, and in many cases several layers deep. They had to crawl, climb over, or hoist each other up or around various parts of the blockage. A short distance was transformed into a long tiring event that left them frustrated and exhausted. They made it through the obstacle just as morning dawned, tired and cranky.
Just before it got very light, they were attacked. From out of the bushes came an animal. It was more of an evil beast than an animal any of them had ever seen. The closest comparison Camran could think of was that it was about the same size and looked like a tiger, sort of. It had no tail and its ears were small, more like a human ear. Its teeth were more like those of a shark. It did have immense claws. And they appeared very sharp! Bran drew his sword just in time to deflect the beast. But the sword wouldn't penetrate the tough scaly skin. Twil, with his lightening quick speed, fired an arrow from his crossbow into the open mouth of the leaping creature, just as the animal was about to land on Gena. Camran was just getting out his sword as the arrow hit its mark. The beast dropped to the ground, the muscles in his hind legs twitching. Once again, they were saved by the little man's quick reflexes. Camran again was thankful for Twil's presence, he was sure the others were as well.
When the animal stopped moving, they investigated closer. The skin of the beast was tough, like a tortoise shell. The carcass stunk. It smelled like death. The first animal Camran had seen in this world and the strangeness of it made him wonder what else was out there waiting behind the next tree.
Shaken, but otherwise unhurt, the foursome continued, now keeping a much more watchful eye out for animals, as well as the enemy. They all felt pretty sure the enemy had not been able to follow them, especially through the maze of leaves. But even if they were followed, they felt they had a sizable lead now. Even so, they simply didn't want to take any chances by stopping for a long period of time just yet. They decided to continue traveling for a while longer before stopping for a long rest period.
Several hours into the morning they came to a large lake. Here they decided to stop and get some much-needed rest and consider their options. Bran set up a fishing rig and waded out into the shallow water near the shore. He used a brightly colored lure that floated on the surface. Most fishing hooks were made from wood with a special tree sap laminate, which made them extremely strong. The one Bran was using, however, was made of metal. There were only a few of them made by the Vulcan, and consequently very hard to come by. The Neptunian captain had given it to him when he found out the warrior was an avid fisherman.
Camran asked why someone doesn’t melt down some of the swords and make other things out of the metal. He was told the Vulcan forge the metal with a secret chemical that under heat enough to re-melt the metal dissolves it, much to the chagrin of those attempting this trick.
After a couple of attempts to cast his line far enough away from where he stood, the lure landed near a submerged stump, several feet farther out into the water and slightly to Bran’s left.
In just a few seconds the lure disappeared with a loud pop and splash. As Bran pulled back on the wooden pole, he yelled to the others that he had one. As soon as the line went taut Bran was yanked into the water still holding on to the pole for dear life.
The others jumped to their feet, concern on their faces. Bran surfaced several feet from where he went into the water, the wooden pole still clutched in his hands. He turned and swam back toward shore. When he was able to stand on the bottom once more, he sheepishly looked at the others and said, "he got away." The others were not able to contain their laughter. Twil remarked that it looked like he was the one that got away. Later, Bran commented that fishing in this world wasn't anything like fishing back home.
The laughter took away some of the tension of the past hours. Bran decided they weren't far enough ahead to start a fire to cook a fish anyway, which brought another round of laughter. They sat back and enjoyed the moment. At least Bran was thankful he didn't lose his lure with the metal hook.
They considered making some sort of raft to cross the lake, rather than walk around. They figured that would surely lose their tracks for the time being and be a rest from the walk. They ruled out the option when they realized how long it would take to cut the logs and make the craft. They would probably be on the other side of the lake by the time the raft could be finished.
They traveled around the lake and made camp on the northwest side near a creek that fed into the large body of water. Bran went fishing again and came up with what Camran estimated to be about a sixty-pound catch. He caught it this time without mishap. Twil teased that if he fished in such a small creek the larger ones wouldn't have a chance to bite on his lure. Twil thought that was taking all the fun out of fishing, at least it was taking the fun out of watching Bran do the fishing.
The fish was cut into fillets and cooked over an open fire, adding a new dimension to their evening meal. Camran ate as though he hadn't eaten in days, which was close to being the case, when he considered the length of a day here.
Their stomachs filled and feeling more relaxed than they had for hours, they divided up the watch with Gena taking the first, while the rest got some much-needed sleep.
Chapter 10

The flowers were well tended along the walkway to the small wooden lift that served the tree house. In fact, the flowers along all the walkways in the village were well cared for, as were all the other plants and shrubs throughout the village and surrounding areas. To beautify was a way of life here. And it was beautiful.
There were sculptured shrubs and manicured trees everywhere. The flowers were of all sizes, colors, shapes and heights, but grown together in such a way it was as if they were special flower arrangements. They were not planted haphazardly.
Ve-Nah stood up from kneeling in the flower bed where she had been working. Brushing the dirt from her knees she looked down at her freshly planted Hurriets. She smiled to herself. Life was good here, although she sometimes missed her life back on Venus.
Ve-Nah had arrived nearly four months ago now. She had died in a gas cloud explosion. Although they did happen on Venus, they were rare. Usually, they didn't happen in or near the mountains, which was where she and her class were on a field study trip. The explosion undoubtedly killed the entire class, the instructors and everyone else within at least fifty miles of where they had been. No one could have escaped it. But no one else had come to this land with her, which made her wonder why she was brought here, and they weren't. It was hard for her to believe she was the only one to be transported to this world out of all those who had died at the same time.
Although none of the others had come to this land with her, she did know of another Venetian who had arrived here during the past year. Having just arrived posed a unique problem for the two. Her mind went back over what she'd been told about the possible decision they were going to have to make. This morning a resolution to this situation was her major concern.
 Word had come that a quest for some other land or something was being organized by a person from Earth. A message had arrived yesterday for her to come to the High One's tree palace. The other Venetian who had arrived this year had also been summoned. They were both told that one of them would possibly be joining the troupe involved in the quest, a Venetian might be chosen based on the outcome seen at the Gateway to the Stones a few days earlier. The High One had heard of the Gateway to the Stones but knew little about it. The two new arrivals were to decide between them which one of them would join the group, should one of them be called upon to do so. The High One did not know the results of the process at the Gateway so was not positive if a Venetian was in fact needed for the quest.
The problem was neither of them wanted to go. Sure, Ve-nah thought the idea of doing some traveling was nice; however, there was danger to this quest, as the High One had pointed out. The attempt on the life of the man from Earth on the Isle of Flowers was one example. She didn't believe in violence of any kind. And she wanted no part of any quest that would be involved in those kinds of activities.
That was what was bothering her this morning. Should neither of them be able to decide who would go, the High One or the quest members would decide, if they came to her village. Ve-Kim, the other woman, wanted to stay near her newfound male friend as much as Ve-nah wanted to stay away from the potential violence. Neither of them wanted to be the one to leave their newly created lives behind. In her brief moments of selfishness, she thought, why should she have to go, she had just died. Didn't that mean she deserved a break and a rest for at least a little while? Unfortunately, she also knew everyone else in this new world had also died, many recently, so who was she to get a break and rest over anyone else?
Walking over to the wooden lift that served the tree house, she stepped inside. She pulled the rope connected to the latch on the water tank. This tank of water acted as the ballast, to counterbalance the weight of the lift and the dead weight that raises it. When the latch moved, the water began to drain from the tank onto the slab of stone beneath that side of the lift, and down into the small pool in the garden at the base of the tree. As the lift became lighter with less weight in the tank, the dead weight suspended up at the tree house slowly lowered, raising the lift. At the point Ve-Nah started to rise, she began to regulate the spring-loaded latch, to slow down and monitor the water flow. In that way her rate of ascent could be regulated. The less water in the tank, the faster she would go up.
The dead weight, which was a bag constructed from a tree leaf, was filled with sand. She always noticed this bag was larger than she was as it passed her on the way up. When she neared the top of her travel, the lift would hit two soft spring-like brakes. These brakes were set at an angle to the upward motion of the lift and contacted the top edges. As the lift pushed on these wedges, the upward movement gradually slowed until it came to a complete stop. The floor of the lift stopped at the same level as the floor in the tree house.
There was lots of water in the area and the tree house had a built-in wooden hand pump. A unique drainage system was also built into the tree house and consisted of wooden pipe attached to the tree trunk. It ran out of the tree house, down the drainage pipe and into an underground tank. The tank fed several drainage lines out into the flower, fruit and vegetable gardens.
Stepping off the lift Ve-Nah immediately looked to make sure the storage tank near the lift was filled with water. This tank was used to fill the lift tank again when the lift was needed to descend. The amount of water would vary depending upon the load going down. The tank would be filled until the lift started to go down, with a little extra for insurance. There was a similar tank at the bottom. At times, the lift would carry down so much weight the water tank would hardly need any water. Before unloading the lift at the bottom, the tank on the lift had to be filled to keep the lift on the ground.
The tree house was also served by a long series of stairs, switch-backing up the side of the tree trunk. It was like a series of Z's. At each angle there was a pull-down ladder. You would walk under the extension, turn around and pull it down in front of you, to continue up. It was a long trip and not any fun. The stairs would only be used in the event of an emergency. Ve-Nah had only had to use them once. She never wanted to do it again.
It had been her fault for not tightly closing the latch to the valve on the water tank, which served the lift tank. During the night the water gradually leaked into the lift tank until enough weight was in the lift to send it to the ground. There were no leaks in the tank on the lift so when Ve-Nah got up the next morning there was the lift, sitting down on the ground. And that wasn't the worst part of the ordeal that morning.
After negotiating all those steps, she found out there was also a way to throw a couple more bags of sand in the sandbag to increase the weight enough to raise the lift, even if the water tank was full. It had been designed that way. The water tank could never itself hold more weight than the sandbag at her disposal up in the tree house. Anyway, that was her second week in this strange new land. It hadn't happened to her again and she was determined that it never would.
The tree house was three to four stories above the ground. The one she lived in was built in the shape of a V between two branches, about fifty feet out from the tree trunk. Some of these houses were built into natural hollows in the trees and in a couple of rare cases the bark was hollowed into to create a site to build.
The trees were so deeply rooted and solid in the ground, and were so massive in size, that the tree houses never even swayed under the heaviest weather conditions. The tree also acted as an umbrella to the sometimes very heavy rain in this area, as well as protecting them from any possible night creatures. Attacks were rare but seemed to be on the increase. These shelters insured them their safety, not to mention their comfort.
Ve-Nah liked it in her tree home. From the window in her kitchen she could see far down the hill, into the main part of the settlement. There wasn't what you would call a downtown area in the village of Pod, as this place was called. The Venetians lived very simply, growing what they ate and creating or building most of what they used. The members of the village helped each other whenever they were needed. Ve-Nah not only felt comfortable here, she also felt a sense of belonging in Pod.
Along with the kitchen, the tree house had a living room, study and loft bedroom, as well as a utility room. In the corner of the living room there was a counter window looking straight down to the ground below. The window was handy when someone came calling and Ve-Nah wasn't yet dressed or presentable. Alongside the glass was a port she could open to talk with whoever was below.
Walking into the utility room, which was also the bathroom, Ve-Nah looked at herself in the mirror as she washed her hands in the washbowl. Her hair needed washing she thought, looking at the long auburn hair cascading over her shoulders. Ve-Nah was 5' 4'' tall, slim waist, with soft cream-colored skin. Her eyes were striking. They were brilliant blue, almost as though a light shone from behind them. As far as her looks went she considered herself plain and average, at least as far as other Venetians were concerned. Hanging up the towel she left the utility room and walked into the kitchen to get some fruit to eat.
The tree house was surrounded by decking. There were several times the square footage in decks as there was in the entire house. There was also a wooden walkway, complete with railings, going out one of the branches the house had been built between. The walkway ended at a wide bulge in the branch. This bulge rose higher than the branch and formed sort of a platform. A few steps up to this natural platform a gazebo type arrangement was set up. There were chairs and a couple of tables, as well as a small brick lined fire pit. These trees were so immense the next highest branch above was quite far away, so the fire pit posed no real danger of starting a fire. The fire would have been like trying to start a large tree on fire by holding a small match to the tree trunk. Anyway, the view from this platform was tremendous. It was a very nice place to live.
The community was built in the foothills of the mountains. The platform had a view down the valley and out to the lower land below. On a clear day it was possible to see all the way to the sea, even though that was over a hundred miles in the distance.
This tree house was not fancy or modern compared to many of the ones in the settlement. In fact, this home was well over two hundred years old. The community kept building tree houses to take care of the needs of the ones who would come. The newer homes went to those with the most seniority. Not all the people in the community lived in tree houses, however. Some didn't want the hassle of the lift; others didn't like heights, while some few were disabled and not physically capable of living in or tending to one of these homes.
The air was clear here compared to back home, thought Ve-Nah, once again bringing herself back to the problem confronting her. She took off her shoes and leaned back in the chair in the living room. She sat quietly eating her fruit and thinking about the decision facing her. She couldn't come up with any answer other than she didn't want to go. She loved it here, was happy and content and didn't want to make a change. But she knew one of them might have to go, like it or not.
Chapter 11

Camran stood on a hill overlooking the trading settlement of Val. The morning air was cool and there was a light rain shower passing though. Drops of water trickled down the back of his neck. He didn't mind. It was refreshing after the long walk they had completed that morning.
Smoke hung over the valley as the people in the village stoked up their fireplaces to ward off the cool morning air. Through the haze Camran could barely make out the Talmus River passing through the valley on its way out to sea. They were still quite some distance from the village, although the wooden binoculars made it seem much closer.
Camran was standing near the edge of a cliff so high it towered above the massive trees that filled the valley below. It was a breathtaking view. He felt like he was on top of the world looking down into a fairy tale land. At times he still had trouble remembering this was all really happening to him and not just a dream.
It had been two long days of walking with little rest since they left the camp at the lake. They still had several hours of travel yet before they would reach Val. Fortunately, they hadn't encountered any more trouble during the past two days. No further trace of the enemy had been seen.
Other than the close encounter with the animal in the woods a couple of days earlier the trip proved to be a very productive one for Camran. He was learning a lot about the land and its inhabitants, not to mention being able to see the beautiful scenery as they traveled. Each day Bran would spend some time instructing him on how to use his sword. The sword was at least starting to feel comfortable in his hand, although it wasn't a natural feeling like he suspected Bran had when he held one. He also no longer noticed the weight of it hanging at his side. He was the first to admit he was less than good with it, although he was learning and with each passing day getting better.
Twil also instructed him daily on the use of the crossbow, along with a regular bow and arrow. He showed a much greater aptitude for these weapons. Each day his aim was becoming more accurate while his speed at reloading and firing steadily improved.
The party of four began working their way down from the highland area into the valley and the settlement of Val. They decided it wasn't a good idea to all be seen together in the village, even though it was doubtful word could have gotten there ahead of them. Even if it had, all that could really be known was that there were four of them now. As far as they knew no one had seen them yet. It would have been difficult, if not impossible, to get a ship out of Echo Creek to OceanBay and then to Val faster than they were able to walk the way they had come.
The village of Val was a trading center for this section of the interior. All nationalities were among those living and working there. The group would blend in easily in such a place. The foursome wasn't so much concerned they would stick out among the other people; but felt the extra precaution was necessary to preserve their anonymity. By splitting up in town no one would have the advantage of looking for a foursome, so it would make it nearly impossible for anyone to recognize them individually. They weren't about to make it any easier for the enemy. There was already enough danger in all they did and everywhere they traveled, without creating any unnecessary risk.
Their plan called for Twil to purchase or rent a small boat large enough to carry the four of them down river, while Camran and Gena would renew their supplies. Bran would stay near Camran and Gena but far enough away that he wouldn't appear to be with them. In that way he would be able to protect them in the event of any unexpected trouble.
Around midmorning they reached the outskirts of the village. Twil left them there and took off in the direction of the waterfront. The others agreed to meet him along the docks in a couple of hours. Camran and Gena walked into the village as though they had just returned from a foraging trip into the woods. Bran wasn't far behind.
A walk around the market and trading area indicated this area was not one for the timid and shy. The market was full of rugged type individuals, such as the type usually thought of in the Wild West days of America. The wilderness was rough and a difficult place to work and make a living, apparently that applied no matter what land or planet a person was on. There were always many dangers for the unsuspecting. Villages like Val consisted of the high spirited and adventuresome people who were not satisfied with a simple normal way of living; at least not the kind of living the majority felt was right and comfortable. These people thrived by living on the edge of danger. This was a rough life and those that ventured here had to be tough to make it in this wilderness.
In the marketplace there was the usual array of goods that could be purchased, such as food, clothing, cooking and camping equipment, as well as a wide variety of herbs and tree leaves used for medicinal and other purposes. There was also a large selection of brightly colored rocks and gems of various sizes, shapes and types for sale. Some of these stones and gems were used to make tools, while others were used for jewelry or other ornaments. Some were highly polished and used as decorations in homes or on ships. But, as in the other markets he had seen, Camran noticed a lack of metal goods.
He didn't feel at all comfortable walking around among all the people in the marketplace. He felt he was on display, out in the open, an easy target for anyone who happened to know his identity. It was a shame, too. He would have really enjoyed looking at all this market had to offer if he had been able and didn't have to worry about the danger posed to him and the others. It was a strange land and the markets had items he had never seen before, and things he had no idea for what purpose they had been created. He took Gena by the arm and steered her toward a shop that appeared to have the supplies they needed. Trying not to talk much or appear out of place they casually made their way through the gallery of people and into the open shop door. The burden of danger weighed heavy on their thoughts.
The shop had a strong odor of spice and tea. Gena quickly began to gather what they needed. She apparently was also uncomfortable and wanted to leave as quickly as possible. Gena deposited a large pile of goods on the counter for the elderly shop keeper to tally. Camran paid the woman for the provisions and the two left, noticing Bran standing near the front entrance. Although they guessed it had only been a little over an hour since they had separated from Twil, they decided to head down toward the waterfront anyway. There they intended to find a place to get a good meal before looking for Twil and heading down the river. Of course, they were assuming Twil would be successful at acquiring a boat right away, not even thinking of the possibility that he may not.
The waterfront was a bustle of activity. The docks were crowded with small ships and boats of every description. For a relatively small place, Val was exceedingly active. Supplies were being unloaded to supply the town while goods were being loaded for exporting to other areas. Camran wished he could talk to someone about all this activity. He was intrigued with this small spot along the river and hadn't noticed any specific goods in the marketplace that would warrant such activity. He had overheard two men talking about mining while they walked around the market. Apparently, mining was of much interest in this area. Since little metal of any kind was available, except on Serpent Isle, many people were engaged in attempting to locate metal ore in the surrounding hills near Val. The main mountain range on the Isle was much too dangerous for most people, which was largely why those mountains were basically unexplored. Few would even consider venturing into the foothills that far inland. And that included even those hearty souls who claimed they feared nothing.
Gena spotted Twil a way down the dock talking to another Mercurian man. She gestured to Camran who had just started toward a place he had seen where they could get a bite to eat. Camran turned and they walked past Twil a short distance looking at the activity and feigning interest in the ships. When they were sure Twil had seen them, they turned around and headed back toward the cafe to eat. Just before going into the cafe a large crate being loaded onto a nearby ship gave way and came crashing down onto the dock. A worker narrowly missed being crushed. It turned out the crate was full of white rock headed for OceanBay. And they were sure it was just an accident and not anything planned or aimed at hurting any of them. The fortunate thing was that no one was injured and soon work resumed at loading the ship.
Camran and Gena sat near a window and ordered some fish and vegetables, cooked in a casserole, covered with a deep brown pie crust, and some wine to drink. The food was delicious and a pleasant change from the food they had been eating while traveling. The wine was sweet and went well with the spices in the casserole. Camran didn't understand what it was about the food in this world, it always tasted so good and delightfully different to him. It was one of the more pleasant aspects of his experience in this world thus far.
Bran was sitting a couple of tables behind them sipping on a beer and eating a sandwich. A few minutes later Twil came in, sat at the counter, and ordered a beer and sandwich. They didn't seem to be attracting attention, not with all the hustle and bustle going on inside the small cafe.
While they waited for Twil to finish eating, Gena reminded Camran about the incident involving the fish at the lake. The one Bran had tried to catch, or visa-versa. Camran couldn't help but laugh again at how comical Bran looked when saying "he got away." They sat and laughed over that and other incidents of the past few days. Gena was always in such a cheerful mood and kept the rest of their spirits up. She was an easy person to talk with and all three men thought a great deal of her, especially Bran. It hadn't been an easy trip for her with three men as companions, traveling in a land none of them knew much about. She certainly wasn't one to complain and that earned her even more respect from the men.
As Twil was finishing the last of his sandwich, Camran and Gena gathered their supplies, paid their bill, then left. They strolled a short way down the waterfront occasionally glancing back toward the cafe, watching for Twil. When he finally emerged, they followed him, staying a safe distance behind. They continued to follow him down the river and into the woods at the far end of the waterfront and settlement area.
Twil was waiting for them out of sight about a half mile down river, away from any buildings. Bran arrived a minute later. Twil said he was able to get a boat that wasn't in very good repair, but it didn't leak. It was all he could do to locate one on such short notice. He left them saying he would return to where the boat was tied up at the dock and float down the river to pick them up. 
The trio continued hiking down the river looking for a good place for Twil to stop along the bank, while the small man hurried back to get the boat. Perhaps they were overdoing the secrecy stuff a bit or maybe they were being a little too paranoid, but all three were anxious to get away from the crowded streets and on down the river to Statmer. Mainly they were anxious to be out alone in the wilderness and away from the insecurity they had experienced in town. 
It wasn't long before the threesome saw a boat came around the bend upriver. It was moving slowly, a few feet from shore. They stayed out of sight until they were sure it was Twil. It was a larger boat than the three had expected. As Twil had said, it didn't look very good, but the main thing was it didn't leak.
The boat was covered except for the bow and stern. The cover was curved and looked like a small Quonset hut set in the middle of the boat. Twil explained that sometimes the raindrops were so large the drops would be like a bucket of water hitting you all at once, instead of just being poured on you. At times, it could be strong enough to knock you down. Out on the water there was no shelter like under the trees in the woods, so some protection in the open was considered almost essential in this part of the country.
Inside was also a small stone fire box to cook or to warm up the interior. They figured the trip to Statmer would take approximately two days, so the added convenience of having the fire box was a nice surprise.
After loading the supplies, the three hopped on board. Bran helped Gena so she wouldn't get wet. Once aboard, Twil poled off the bank and they headed down the slow-moving river.
The river ran at a fast-enough pace to keep them moving steadily down river, without the need to paddle. All they had to do was keep the till manned. Twil sat down to take the first turn at steering. They wanted to stay as far away from the most traveled portion of the river and as near to the bank as possible, while remaining safe. Camran marveled at how the seamen rowed those large ships up rivers like this. Although the river was not that fast, it was moving in opposition to the direction of travel upriver to Val, and the rowers of those ships had to fight against the constant push of the current.
The four took turns manning the till throughout the rest of the day. When it became too dark to safely see they steered over to shore and tied up. They decided to sleep on the boat at night but to make a fire and eat on shore.
Bran went about cooking dinner. He not only enjoyed it, but he was also a fairly good cook. It was Camran's turn to clean up the dishes. They ate and retired early. The four had easily settled into a routine with each doing their share of the chores whenever they stopped for the night.
The next morning it was raining. It started out light during the night but steadily increased in intensity as morning dawned. As they pulled away from the bank it had grown into a steady downpour, harder than Camran had yet seen it rain since his arrival. Although the drops were not as large as Twil had described them the day before, they were large enough to be a nuisance. It only took a few seconds out from under the shelter to become completely soaked. Along with the rain, the temperature dropped significantly. Gena had to start a small fire in the fire box to keep warm.
Bran manned the small hand pump to empty the boat of water while Twil manned the till. Camran tried to cover as much of the bow and stern as possible to keep the rain from getting in the boat in the first place. His efforts weren't very successful. It was raining too hard.
If Camran thought it had been raining hard before, suddenly, the skies opened and all there was in the air was water. Camran was knocked into the bottom of the boat by the sheer force of the cascade that descended upon him. Bran was instantly sitting in a pool of water. Fortunately, Twil had the sense and quickness to recognize what was happening and to turn the till toward the bank before he also was knocked into the bottom of the boat. It was also extremely fortunate they were only a few feet from shore. This was the rain Twil had warned them about. None of them had ever seen anything like it!
At that spot along the river there was a long sandy stretch of beach. The boat bottomed out on the sand before it could sink. It filled with water, but fortunately was out of danger from total loss, at least for the moment. The three men outside of the shelter couldn't get to their feet due to the pressure of the falling water. Gena, although sitting in waist deep water under the covered area of the boat, couldn't come outside to help. None of them could run to the cover of the trees. Slowly, the three men forced and fought their way through the wall of water and into the covered, enclosed space. Gena had already retrieved their provisions from the bottom of the boat, keeping them out of the water. Fortunately, most of the provisions were packed for bad weather and the harsh environment, so very little would be lost in the event the packs did get soaked.
There was nothing they could do but sit and wait out the storm. Camran was fast becoming a true believer in things that were large in this world. They sat huddled together in the cramped space, waist deep in water. At least they were out from under the pressure of the falling sheets of liquid. Camran hoped the covering above them would hold until the rain lessened. The noise of the falling water on the covering above them sounded like a huge waterfall landing on a tin roof. It was deafening and every few seconds one or the other of them would turn their head toward the roof and look to see if it was still intact.
Although it had only been a half hour or so since they were knocked down by the rain, it seemed like several hours passed before it lessened enough to get out of the shelter. As soon as they thought it safe enough, they grabbed their packs and ran to the nearest cover, a tree some fifty yards away. No sooner had they gotten under its canopy when the skies opened again, keeping them pinned down under the umbrella of the leaves above. At least they were out of the falling rain and no longer in danger of the boat being washed down river and sunk with them in it. They were all wrinkled from being in the water as long as they had been.
They spent a miserable next three hours cold and wet, huddled together under that tree. There wasn't anything handy to start a fire. So much rain had fallen; the ground was covered with water up to a foot deep before it had time to run off into the river. All they could do was wait it out.
The quiet was immediate when the rain stopped. They were so used to the crashing sound of water that it took a few moments to comprehend the change. It was the first time since the rain had started, they were able to talk to one another. Twil told them many unsuspecting or unprepared travelers on the water died in these storms, from what he had heard. Without a doubt they all believed him. They were all thankful that Twil had seen to it they were not among them.
The first thing they needed to do was to secure the boat, so it was out of danger of washing down river in the raging torrent bound to follow the rainstorm. With Bran's strength they were able to rock the boat enough to empty some of the water. When enough of the water had been emptied the boat began to float once again. Although, still over half filled with water they were able to drag it more onto the beach. The rest of the water they bailed and pumped until the boat was emptied. Then they dragged the boat farther up on shore and tied it to a large, strong looking bush. It took tremendous effort but working together they were able to succeed and get the job done.
As they finished tying up the boat, they heard the familiar crackle of tearing air as the Plutonians went about their work. Looking out over the river, three dark cloaked figures were gathering up bodies from on top of the fast-moving water. A shiver went through Camran's body as he thought of how close they had come to being among those unfortunate people now being collected out on the river. 
When all was secure, they changed into some drier clothes, thanks to Gena's quick response in keeping their packs from getting waterlogged. Twil scrounged around until he found enough dry wood in the hollow of a tree to start a fire. They decided to rest awhile and warm up before continuing. The skies were still laden with moisture and felt threatening. They thought it better to be sure the storm had passed before continuing down the river. The next time they might not be so lucky. They settled in the hollow around the fire. Soon they warmed up and began to dose from exhaustion. It had been a very challenging day for all of them.
Chapter 12

The grinding wheel turned relentlessly, gradually working the glass-like-rock into a sharp saw blade. The grinding stone was mounted on a shaft and turned by a water wheel that was situated in a fast-moving stream. The wheel constantly rotated as the man worked the blade, slowly turning the clear looking rock into a useful tool.
The hardest part of the grinding operation was the easiest on the operator. It was the very beginning of the stonework. The stone grinder was able to fasten his work down to the table and let the spring action on the grinding wheel do a lot of the work by itself, taking off the thickest part of the stone which was the longest part of the job. It was the fine finishing that was the hardest and took the most skill.
Although Druc had only been doing this for a couple of months, already he was turning out a fine edge. A patient man, he arrived in this world almost three months previously and was content with his newly found trade. It was peaceful here and the accommodations were comfortable. Of course, it was not as comfortable as he remembered it being back home, but comfortable, nonetheless. He had a skill he enjoyed, a nice home and an uneventful life. That suited him just fine. Dying in that awful atmospheric chemical reaction was the worst thing imaginable to Druc. Although the living conditions in this new world were somewhat primitive compared to the life he had been living, he considered it heaven after the lengthy death process he underwent back on Saturn.
Druc was a typical looking Saturnian. He was approximately 5'5" tall with albino like skin that was perfectly smooth, but tough as leather. He had long jet-black hair and intelligent looking coal black eyes. Perhaps the most outstanding feature about him was the fact he looked like he was over inflated. His entire body appeared puffed up. His fingers were pudgy, his face looked swollen and overall, he looked as though a garden hose had been put down his throat and left to run until he overflowed, creating a balloon like appearance.
It was difficult to believe, considering the way he looked, but he was quite agile. He was not only quick but very coordinated. His intellectual grasp of the right moment to seize an opportunity, under adverse conditions, was perhaps his greatest asset.
Admiring his latest work, he put a couple of last-minute finishing touches on the blade, and then rose to stretch. It had been a long day already, so he decided to disengage the grinding wheel and call it a day. Once the tools were cleaned and put away in the nearby shed, Druc washed in the cool waters of the creek. After drying his face, he turned toward home.
The walk was short, just a few yards. He could smell the fresh sea breeze gently moving inland from the ocean shore, which was less than a mile from where he lived and worked.
Even though the walk was short, it was up some very steep rock steps. Druc lived in a cave. Most of the Saturnian inhabitants in RockView also lived in caves. But they were not just everyday run of the mill caves; Druc's cave was no exception. It was his new home now and a lot of pride went into maintaining it.
As he neared the doorway to the cave he turned and looked out toward the sea. He could see the distant water quite well from his vantage point high up on the cliff face. A ship was on its way down the coast from the harbor, about three miles north of where he lived. That was where the central district of the Saturnian settlement of RockView was located.
The Saturnian people made stone and glass items that were traded and sold in the marketplace down in OceanBay. Ships would also come from all the villages and towns throughout the land to pick up windows and other tools used to build their various dwellings. Yes, life was respectable and good here, thought Druc, as he turned away from the excellent view and began to enter his cave, his home.
With such limited tools, the stone craftsmen did remarkable work, especially considering the lack of available metal for use in their trade. One of the simpler and best-known items made by these men and women in RockView were small cylindrical stones with flint wheels; a simple lighter used by all woodsmen and indeed most people everywhere. They were relatively lightweight and easy to use; however, one drawback was they only carried enough burning oil for three or four lights. A separate container was usually carried to refill the lighter as needed. If there was no burning oil handy, the lighter could still be used by placing some small amounts of tiny dry grass in the cylinder and igniting it with the flint wheel.
The cave entrance to Druc's home was over two stories high and covered mostly with glass. Some of the glass was stained and presented a sharp contrast to the surrounding rock. The view was pleasing and relaxing, especially in the evenings and mornings when the changing light shined and reflected through them.
Druc opened the door to the cave which was set into a natural jog along the side, rather than in the front of the dwelling. Once inside the door, immediately one forgot it was a cave. The floor space within revealed an open area three stories high. The entry overlooked the main living area some seven or eight feet below.
The floors in these caves were leveled by mixing a combination of glass and stone dust. They were covered in beautifully hand-woven rugs of bright colors. Large timbers were used as supports and decoration. Covering and sweeping down from the cave ceilings were brightly colored silk-looking sheets. These sheets were attached here and there in billowed fashion, like so many nets suspended in mid air. They created the appearance of brightly colored clouds moving across the horizon.
The main sleeping room was on the upper floor, one floor up from the entry, while the middle floor was dedicated to his work and study rooms. Toward the back and to the right of the entry area was another adjoining cave entrance. This cave he worked on a little each day. It was his plan to put in a workshop so he could continue with many of his projects during the winter. Downstairs was the kitchen and living room, as well as a much-prized bathroom, complete with running water pumped in by the water wheel below.
It had been four days since a message had been sent to him regarding a possible quest for a bridge. He was expected to join this quest, should he be asked. He wasn't very enthusiastic about the prospect. However, a Saturnian never shirks from a duty that is expected of him. Druc had resigned himself to the fact that if he was asked, he would go without a fuss. Still, he didn't want to go and was hoping maybe someone got their information wrong. He was happy here. Maybe they just wouldn't ask him. He had no choice but to wait and see what developed.
Chapter 13

The weather held for the next few days as the four companions continued down the river. It rained off and on, but nothing like the storm they were caught in just outside of Val. They had lost the better part of a day in that rainstorm. Since then they had been extremely cautious of the weather, especially when traveling in the boat. Whenever it started to sprinkle, they headed for shore and the protection of the trees. One time when it started to rain, they were in an area of grasslands. That caused a slight welling up of concern among them. Fortunately, it turned out to be only a light rain and nothing serious.
The scenery was gorgeous and Camran sat in the boat taking it all in, trying to look in all directions at once. To their back was a high mountain range, called the Pegasus Range. So, named because it is said a flying horse was needed to cross those high mountain peaks. The banks of the river were covered by forests in some areas, grass in others, and now and then some jungle type growth. There was always something new to see as they continued to travel down the river.
The grasslands were hard for Camran to imagine crossing. There would be no way that he could figure a man could get through those fields. The grass was some twenty to thirty feet high and grew tightly together. The blades looked razor sharp. They would sway in the breeze and to his way of thinking, cut anything that touched them. And there was also no telling what kind of creatures lived beneath that green covering that reached high up toward the sky.
To envision crossing the jungle growth was not much better than the grasslands. Vines the size of a man's torso climbing huge moss-covered trees were everywhere. The moss was so thick it covered everything. It hung all the way to the ground, just as though it had been poured on top of the monstrous trees and left to run down and cover all in its path. It wasn't just the moss, but all the growth under the trees that presented an insurmountable obstacle to travel. He couldn't imagine being in the middle of those woods. There wouldn't even be any light below all that moss down amongst the undergrowth. It looked like something out of some fairy tale book and he kept expecting to see a big black castle looming in the distance every time they went around a bend in the river. All the rain in this area sure has its influence on the various types of growth, he thought, thinking of the rainstorm they had recently survived.
They expected to be in Statmer before nightfall. All of them were looking forward to a hot bath and a cold beer with their dinner. Although Gena didn't once complain, she obviously didn't care for the living conditions they had to endure these past few days. However, she remained as cheerful as ever even under the most trying of circumstances. Her participation in the group was appreciated more and more each day.
As the day began to end, they came around a bend in the river and saw two boats in the distance. On the whole trip they had only seen a couple of small ships headed upriver to Val. No one had passed them coming down the river. It was clear that because of the unpredictability of the weather small boats had no place traveling between Val and Statmer. Seeing two small boats on the river was a sure sign they were nearing Statmer, and almost to the end of this part of the trip.
All in all, the boat had served them well, however, on the last day of the trip they all noticed how cramped the quarters had become. They were all ready to end the boat ride. The plan was to drop off Bran and Gena before reaching the docking area. Camran and Twil would continue into Statmer and dock the boat. Twil would find a buyer and sell it, while Camran would hang around the docks until the other two showed up. After Twil rejoined Camran, Bran and Gena would follow close behind them to an inn to get some rooms. The thought of a bed to sleep in and a roof over their heads was pleasant to them all.
Bran steered the boat over to the shore and he and Gena unloaded their packs. They guessed they were still upriver a couple of miles. As Camran and Twil prepared to hop back into the boat and depart, they were taken completely by surprise as an arrow zipped into the side of the hull. Bran grabbed Camran and hauled him to the ground behind a bush. Gena was still standing, looking around in disbelief. Twil was already gone and out of sight.
Bran pulled Gena behind the bush with Camran before she had time to realize what was happening. A feint muffled cry from the woods told them Twil had found the hidden archer. Twil was so quick and illusive they knew it was the enemy crying out and not him.
A few minutes later Twil quietly returned to his friends shaking his head. He said there were three of them and he had only been able to get two. The third one got away. There was no more need for secrecy, the Guardians now knew they were here and what they looked like. The realization of what that implied weighted heavily on them all.
How could they have been on them so fast? Apparently, the Guardians had made the assumption the four might go to Val and come down the river. They had lookouts posted, probably in every village and town in the whole land. Camran thought he was beginning to know how a trapped animal might feel. What do they do now that they had been discovered, before they had even gotten into town? How could they go anywhere in this world without being subject to a possible attack? There was no way they could determine who might be their enemy as they walked among other people in any village or town, either. A great feeling of despair began to settle over the group.
Their frustration showing, they quickly decided to get in the boat and head across the river. The chances of anyone looking for them over there were probably small. Once they were in a relatively safe place, they could try to make some plans to ensure their safety.
The river was very wide and slow moving at Statmer. They were very near where the river flowed into the sea. Since they were still a couple of miles from town, it was going to take a few minutes for the one who got away to relay the word that they had arrived and where they had been seen. It would be longer before someone could make it back to the point of attack to look for them. The Guardians would almost certainly have to come back and investigate where they were last spotted, in the event the four companions might have stayed in that area. It was for certain the dock area would be watched. Their descriptions would be circulated long before they would be able to travel that last couple of miles to the docks.
They crossed the river without incident and decided to go down river a short distance past town. Bran argued they probably weren't watching that side of town at all because the Guardians knew they had been coming from Echo Creek, which was in the opposite direction.
So, they continued floating down river, past the town port. They could barely make out the ships at dock across the wide expanse of water as they passed Statmer. They went about two miles farther down the river before stopping. On the opposite shore from Statmer they brought the boat into a small cove, hidden from the river to anyone except a boat passing right in front of the narrow opening. Twil jumped out and immediately disappeared into the underbrush to scout around. The others hurriedly moved behind a smaller tree growing in a depression along the bank.
A long time seemed to pass before Twil returned. He said he had been thorough in his search. He found nothing. Not even any signs of anyone having been there ever before. That, at least, was encouraging.
It was approaching darkness as they set up a quick camp and made plans. It was decided Twil would take the boat across the river to the opposite bank, leave it and go into town. He would try and gain their passage on one of the ships bound for RockView, replenish their provisions and see if he could find out what information he could about the Guardians. If he had the opportunity he would try and see the mayor and gather any news that may not be common knowledge among the people in town. They had expected to make a quick call on the mayor anyway, but also knew that would be one of the places most heavily watched by the Guardians.
When it was dark enough, they couldn't see across the river, Twil emptied out his pack and left in the boat. In a couple of minutes, he was lost in the darkness. The others, although tired, were too worried to sleep. They kept a sharp watch out and built no fire. They sat talking softly about the events of the day. They could think of no way to avoid constantly running into the Guardians. Uppermost in their minds was Twil's safe return. They felt unable to relax until he was back with them and out of harms way.
Chapter 14

Twil rowed to the opposite side of the river, quietly gliding into shore and tying up the boat. After a quick check around the immediate area he cut some brush and covered as much of the boat as possible. It was dark enough to be well hidden from anyone who was not making a close inspection of the riverbank. He didn't believe the Guardians would be wandering around the woods at night looking for them. Grabbing his empty pack, he quietly moved upriver toward town.
Twil passed several homes snuggled among the trees in the dense woods as he hurried into the riverfront community. He didn't encounter any problems. Once he neared the outskirts of the dock area, he cautiously continued to work his way in closer. There was still a lot of activity going on along the waterfront, but he saw nothing that looked out of the ordinary.
As quickly as possible he slipped out from behind the heavy brush and into the activity on the wharf nearest the woods. His first assignment was to try and book passage on one of the ships bound for RockView.
After inquiring which ships were on their way to RockView, he discovered there were only two. Neither was leaving until the day after next. They would have no choice but to wait an extra day. One of the ships was a Neptunian trading ship, while the other was a private merchant ship from OceanBay. The Neptunian ship was the only real possibility. A private merchant ship was just too risky for them to chance.
Twil walked down the dock a short way to where the Neptunian ship was docked. As he got closer, he saw two men standing up against a building watching the vessel, he thought they had more than just a casual interest in the ship. After stopping and surveying the two men, in a few minutes he decided they were watching and waiting for someone to come to that ship. Although it could be someone else, they were expecting and watching for, Twil wasn't going to take any chances. He decided he would take care of booking their passage later.
A short way into the streets, not too far from the main market area, Twil spied a store where he would be able to get the much-needed provisions Gena had requested. He entered the store and bought their supplies. Loaded with what they needed, he decided to head for the mayor's house. Shortly after leaving the store, a noise caused him to drop his pack and quickly draw his sword. A few feet away a Plutonian appeared to pick up the body of a young woman from Jupiter. Foam was still running down the cheek of the dead women as she and the Plutonian disappeared with a loud crackle and pop. Disease, thought Twil, as he put his sword back in its scabbard. He didn't want to hang around an area that may be disease ridden. He was becoming very jumpy the longer he was in town. Fighting the urge to run, he picked up his pack and made an extra effort to remain calm, and then continued walking down the street.
 He didn't figure the mayor would still be at work at this late hour, so he went about trying to locate where he lived. While asking directions to the mayor's residence, Twil found out the mayor wasn't a he after all. He was a she, a Neptunian she. It didn’t take long before he discovered that the mayor lived on the other side of town. He swiftly began working his way through the streets to her house before it became too late in the evening.
Twil crossed town without difficulty, grateful for the throngs of people everywhere in the streets. He was surprised to see the mayor lived in a modest home on the outskirts of town, rather than a large country home that seemed so popular to most people of high standing.
Twil approached the house carefully, and sure enough, just as he suspected there was a man standing across the street watching the front of the home. There was a large fence around the property, but surprisingly no one was watching the back. The fence posed no obstacle for Twil. He was over it in seconds and quietly moving across the grounds toward the back of the house. He didn't really like the idea of entering the mayor's home without her knowledge, surprising her like he was about too, but he had little choice.
He left his full pack in some bushes and quietly entered an open downstairs window. He knelt in the dark for a few minutes listening to the sounds from within the house. It sounded as though the mayor was fixing dinner. She must have company, thought Twil, she was talking to someone.
Twil opened the door to the room he was in so he could hear her better. He was able to hear her speaking softly but couldn't make out the exact words. The house wasn't all that large; however, he had entered at the opposite end from the main living area which was where the mayor was located. He began working his way down the hallway as quickly and quietly as he was able. Farther down the hall he ducked inside a doorway on his right. It was a storage closet. He was able to hear much better from this position. The mayor wasn't talking to anyone after all. She was singing softly to herself.
Twil wasn't sure if he would be able to keep the woman from screaming when he walked out of the closet and revealed his presence. He really had no choice but to take the chance or leave. He stepped out into the room where the mayor was just sitting down to dinner. She immediately saw him. Without so much as batting an eyelash, she proceeded to ask him who he was and what he was doing in her home. Twil was more than impressed with the calmness and control this lady displayed, especially in such a surprise situation. Most people would have reacted strongly to the presence of an unannounced stranger stepping into their dining room.
Twil, being careful not to step in front of any windows that faced the front of the house, proceeded to tell the mayor who he was and that someone was watching her home. He explained the events of the day but left out where they were headed or where they were presently camped. He was able to cover everything without constantly staring at the tantalizing array of food laid out on the table before him. His hunger apparently didn't go unnoticed by the mayor.
The mayor listened closely while intently studying Twil's face. Apparently, she believed him because when he finished, she nodded in understanding. She got up and closed the window coverings which she said she did every night, adding it would look suspicious if she didn't close them. She then asked if he would join her for dinner. He gratefully accepted.
After his third plateful of fish and a vegetable like potatoes, all covered with tart gravy, Twil decided he had eaten enough. It wasn't that he wanted to stop; it was because he had no more room to put anything. It had been quite a few days since his last good home cooked meal. The mayor observed in quiet amusement as he assuaged his hunger pains.
They talked a while longer, the mayor indicating she had no personal knowledge of any movement or happenings regarding the Guardians of the Bridge, however, she did have a note in her office from the Ruler of the Waters she was to deliver to them in the event she was contacted. Apparently, she and the Ruler had known each other for quite some time, stating their friendship went back many years. She indicated it would look unusual for her to go to the office at this hour, something she rarely did, and would it be possible for him to return the next night to her house and retrieve the message. It wouldn't be safe for him to come to the office during the day, anyway. With her house being watched it was most likely the office was being watched, as well. She would leave the same window open for him and have a little something ready for him to eat. She smiled, thinking about all he eaten for dinner for being so small.
Twil said they wouldn't be leaving for a while yet and that he would return the next night. He was still a little reluctant to say much about their plans. Since she was good friends with the Ruler, she was probably no threat, but just in case, he felt it was better to play it safe. Complete trust was something they couldn't afford to indulge in at this point.
As Twil was leaving, the mayor handed him a loaf of freshly baked bread to take to his companions. He thanked her and said he would see her tomorrow night.
Twil climbed out the same window he had entered, retrieved his pack, then crossed the back grounds and scurried over the fence. After a minute kneeling in the shadows, he saw no one had come to watch the back of the house. He hurried down toward the dock to take care of the last thing on his list, which was to gain passage for them on a ship to RockView.
The same two men were still standing and watching the ship Twil wanted to book passage on. All the way from the mayor's house he had hoped they were gone so he wouldn't have to go through with his only remaining alternative. He slid off into the woods in the direction he had come and hid his pack full of provisions, along with the bread the mayor had given him beneath a thickly leafed bush. Stripping off his shirt and boots he slid into the cool water and started swimming toward the pier where the Neptunian ship was docked. These people were beginning to irritate him, thought Twil, as he worked his way closer and closer to the hull of the vessel.
When he reached the ship, he slowly swam toward the rope which hung down from the bow holding the anchor. The ship was docked stern first due to the ease of unloading and loading to that dock. The anchor hung almost to the water line and Twil had no trouble reaching up and grasping its end. Fortunately, the dangling anchor hung in the shadows. Climbing the rope was easy and in seconds he was at the top. He was sure no one had been able to see him.
Reaching the top deck, he peeked over the railing. Seeing no one, he scrambled over the side and hid behind some crates that were stacked along that part of the deck. The ship was similar in design to that of Captain Nepturos, the one that had carried them to OceanBay. So Twil had a good idea where and which cabin would likely be the one the captain occupied.
The ship seemed deserted as he made his way along the deck. Perhaps the captain was on shore with most of the crew. If so, he would have to wait till he returned, assuming he did return that same night. When he reached the cabin, he thought would probably be the correct one, a light was shining through the space under the door. For the second time that night he was concerned about the reception he would receive, since again he was barging in unannounced.
He knocked on the door then stepped back into the shadows. A man opened the door and looked around; he was obviously Neptunian. When he saw no one at the door he quickly drew his sword.
"Who's there?" he asked, looking from side to side, trying to peer into the darkness.
Twil stepped out of the shadows.
The response on the face of the seaman was nothing like the calm acceptance of the mayor. First there was surprise, and then Twil thought he saw anger. Before things got out of hand, Twil calmly announced who he was and why he was there. The captain hesitated a moment, looked around then motioned for Twil to come into the cabin.
They talked for several minutes and Twil found the captain very congenial, once he got over his initial shock of having an unsuspected visitor at his door. He also absolutely refused any payment for taking them to RockView. The captain felt it was his duty to help them. The Ruler had asked all the Neptunian people to do whatever they could to help, and in any capacity they were able. The captain said he would have to make special arrangements to carry the foursome to RockView. He asked Twil to return the following night, the night before sailing, for the details on what he was able to put together for them. He wanted the arrangements kept as quiet as possible. Twil said he would be there the next night and then left the captain’s cabin.
With nothing more to accomplish in town, Twil climbed back down the rope and swam down river to where he left his pack. He hurried through the woods to the boat and out across the river.
Gena had dosed off a short time earlier but startled awake when she heard a slight commotion. Bran came into camp with Twil at his side. She could only see their silhouettes against the background of the night sky.
They all came wide awake as Twil spent the next hour or so relating the events of his trip into town. He gave them the homemade bread the mayor had given him. It was the freshest food they had eaten in several days. They rehashed the possibilities and risks of Twil returning to town the following night. Two places and two people already knew he would be returning. They agreed there appeared to be no other alternative but for Twil to accept the risk. They would have to trust the mayor and Neptunian captain. Twil said he would stay alert and be careful. He added that he could take care of himself. They hated the idea of having to spend another entire day camped out before they could continue to their next stop. They had no choice but to wait until the ship was scheduled to depart for RockView.
By the time they were finished discussing everything dawn was breaking. They were all exhausted from the toll of the prior day's events. Bran took the watch while the others went to get some sleep.
The day proved long and uneventful. They rested and tried to relax, tended to their gear and provisions, and kept a watchful eye out for any unexpected visitors. They saw and heard no one other than one ship that had passed by headed down the river.
As night approached Twil made ready to leave. This time he wouldn't be gone as long as before, since he only had to make two quick stops, plus pick up a couple of additional items Gena had requested.
Twil followed the same route to the dock as he did the previous evening. From his vantage point in the darkness he could see the same two men waiting and watching the Neptunian ship. It looked like he would have to swim again tonight. But first he would go to the mayor’s house.
The streets were active as he made his way across town to where the mayor lived. A man was standing out in front of the house like the day before; however, it wasn't the same man. Again no one seemed to be watching the back of the house. Twil sat in the deep shadows on the back grounds of the property for nearly an hour, watching the lighted windows for any signs of deception. He saw nothing suspicious so climbed through the open window.
The mayor was waiting for him with a large dinner already prepared. Twil again stuffed himself. The mayor gave him the sealed note and another loaf of bread for the others. She wished him well when he left.
As he hopped over the wall, he noticed too late there was a man who had taken up a position at the rear of the property. The man was standing near a bush deep in the shadows. Once he saw Twil he pulled his bow and notched an arrow. The man was quick to react; however, he was nowhere near as quick as the speedy little man from Mercury.
Twil was around the corner of the wall before the man could draw back the bow. He gave chase but when he came around the fence there was no sign of Twil anywhere. He ran a short distance in the direction he guessed Twil had taken, and then gave up in frustration when he didn’t see anyone.
Twil returned to the spot where he left his pack after stopping and getting the items Gena had requested, and then prepared for the swim out to the ship. Again, he wished there was another way to board but there weren’t any other options.
Twil swam out to the ship as before and climbed the anchor rope. This time the captain was expecting him. They talked for a short while then Twil climbed back down the rope and let himself into the water. He retrieved his pack and hurried back to the boat.
It started to rain before he had paddled halfway across the river. He had a couple of anxious moments when the rain began to come down increasing heavier, making it difficult to find his way through the added darkness caused by the falling water. There was no way he would be able to survive rain like the one near Val by himself. Luckily the downpour slackened slightly, and he was able to make it back to camp without any serious incident.
Once back with the others, Twil relayed the information to them regarding his evening and gave the note from the Ruler of the Waters to Camran, who opened the seal and unfolded the letter. He read it out loud to his friends and companions in the light of the small fire they had started to ward off the evening chill. They felt confident that no one would be out in the dark looking for them, especially when the skies were threatening heavy rain at any moment.
"I have sent notices to all settlements on Lotus Isle regarding your mission. I find no problem with this since the leader of The Guardians obviously knows what you are attempting to do. In addition, I have notified all Neptunians to assist you whenever possible, especially the captains of all ships. Some tension has been noticed among some of the Neptunian people here on the Isle. I am a little worried that this increase in tension may be the first signs of disease. This disease is one of my major concerns at the present time. Several people have already died from its curse. In case you haven't been made aware, foaming at the mouth is the only symptom we have so far been able to recognize of this strange illness. I wish you luck and success in your quest." the letter was signed by the Ruler of the Waters.
They only had a brief time remaining until daylight. The ship would be leaving before daybreak. They broke camp and loaded all their provisions and belongings onto the boat. Out the small inlet they went, then turned and headed downriver toward the sea, away from the town of Statmer.
They rowed a couple of miles to a large rock that stuck up out of the water; on the same side of the river where they had made camp during the previous two nights. Here they anchored the boat and sat watching upriver. They didn't have to wait long before the ship was spotted coming toward them. These arrangements had privately been made between Twil and the Neptunian captain the previous night.
Dawn was beginning to break as the ship slowed to where the four sat waiting. A rope ladder was hanging over the side of the ship as it pulled alongside the boat. The four companions scrambled up the ladder and over the side railing. It all went smoothly and according to plan. The captain greeted them and then went back to his duties.
They stood alongside the railing watching the small boat they had lived in these past days. It slowly become smaller and smaller in the distance as they sailed out of the river and into the sea, setting a course toward RockView, their next destination. As Camran stood looking over the water he felt overwhelmed by the immense burden of the task placed before him. What they had been through so far was perhaps the easiest part of the quest. If the worst was yet in front of them, would they ever accomplish their mission? He fervently hoped that the goodness of their cause would be strong enough to see them through the difficulties that certainly must lie ahead of them in the days and weeks to come.
Chapter 15

The seas were calm during the journey north. Rockview was far enough north to be affected at times from strong winds generated around the Sea of Whirlwinds. But on this trip, they encountered no problems. The voyage was both enjoyable and relaxing. The four companions spent many hours discussing the meaning of several passages in the Oracle, as well as ways to move around the Isle with more freedom and security.
The captain and crew aboard the Neptunian vessel couldn't have been more helpful. The four were catered to hand and foot. Whatever they needed was supplied if it was available and without question, as if it was an honor to serve them.
The ship traveled within sight of the shoreline most of the way. The farther north they traveled the less forest they saw along the banks. The dense woods gave way to brush for a while, and then the landscape changed to mostly rock with very little vegetation. A short way inland they could see the trees began again, it was just along the coast the forest quit growing, as though the sea used to be higher in the distant past. Camran thought the characteristics of this strange new world were quite extraordinary. The rocky cliffs were a welcome change from the jungle and the forest they had been used to seeing during the past few days.
In the middle of the third day the captain told them they were about to enter the harbor where the village of RockView was located. They crowded along the railing to watch the scenery as the ship rounded a rocky point and slipped into the bay. On the far side of the calm water huge cliffs loomed in the distance. As they made their way across the smooth water, they began to make out details in those cliffs. The whole town appeared to be built right into the cliff side and light reflecting off the glass shimmered in the daylight.
Camran and the others stared in amazement at the cave dwellings. They certainly weren't ordinary caves. The captain had explained to them on the way up the coast that these people were workers in stone and glass. The captain had also said he was making this trip to pick up some stone and glass goods to take back to OceanBay.
Taking a closer look at the cave entrances they noticed that many of the rocks were elaborately carved alongside the borders, sides and faces of the individual dwellings. The streets of the city were cut out of rock and meandered up to the various levels etched out of the cliff face. Each cave opening had been covered in glass, both stained and clear, creating a gorgeous mosaic of color against a predominately red rock.
They all wanted to get off the ship and explore this beautiful town, however, on the way up the coast the four decided they would be wise to stay on board. They planned on sending a message to the mayor, or whoever the ranking official was, asking him or her to speak with them on the ship. There was no question in any of their minds that the Guardians were there awaiting their arrival.
The ship docked while the party of four gazed longingly at the streets and shops. Camran was thinking how nice it would be just to be a visitor to this unique place, with all the danger and difficulty behind them.
They made poor targets in their positions on the middle deck but watched nonetheless for any sign of danger. The captain sent a messenger into town to seek out the mayor's office, while the crew began to do some preliminary unloading.
It wasn't long before the captain's request received a reply. A party of a dozen men came down the loading dock toward the ship. It was obvious one of the men was a high ranking official. They marched to the ship and took up positions at various strategic places around the immediate area.
The captain greeted the mayor and escorted him to his cabin on the middle deck. The four companions were called to the captain's cabin as well. The mayor had received a communiqué from the Ruler of the Waters and had been watching for and expecting them. He had already spoken with Druc, the newest arrival to their community about the prospects of joining this venture. Druc wasn't all that excited to go; however, it was the Saturnian way to accept duty when it called. The mayor was sure Druc would be no exception to this rule.
The mayor offered them all the hospitality of the village and agreed to escort the four to Druc's home.
Camran felt uncomfortable walking in the middle of the guard escort, however, it left him free to look around and enjoy some of the sights without having to concentrate on his safety.
The streets were all laid in cut stone. There were patterns with different colors and designs. Camran noticed how clean the streets were and how well kept the entire town appeared.
What he originally thought was simply a large rocky mound, viewed from the ship, was actually a hill of rock that housed a huge cavern beneath its barren hilltop. On the way up the street they passed the opening to this cavern. It was an enclosed marketplace, somewhat like the malls he remembered from his past life. The cavern was tastefully decorated with colored glass arranged in different designs, some hanging while others were built into the walls and ceilings of the shops. Camran and the others were so impressed they asked if it would be possible to walk around in the cavern for a few minutes. The mayor was delighted they admired the place and wasted no time in showing them around.
Camran purchased a new hat to replace the one he had lost during the rainstorm, while Gena bought a scarf made of a silk-like material. The material was said to come from a plant native to the back hills in that area. The leaves from this plant were woven like that of a spider web. They averaged approximately four to six feet across, so each leaf produced quite a yield of material. The leaves were placed in large stone vats and boiled until they were a mixture that looked like thick molten glue. As the mixture began cooling it was kneaded, woven into strands and then dyed. The strands were tough and easy to sew into the clothing and other goods they saw in the market.
Bran and Twil just walked around gawking at the glass and stone items on display. Neither of them purchased anything, although they would have liked to have done so if the circumstances had been different. The time passed much too quickly for them all. Soon it was time to continue out to where Druc lived. Reluctantly they left the market, vowing to return when they could spend more time in this quaint town.
The walk out of the village was enjoyable after being cooped up on the ship and small boat the past few days. They needed the exercise.
They hadn't walked long before they were crossing a fast running creek, there a water wheel continuously turned in harmony to the rush of moving water.
As they rounded a large boulder, they saw a man bent over a grinding wheel hard at work. The noise of the creek and grinding wheel made it impossible for him to hear them approaching.
When the mayor got closer and the man finally heard him, with lightening speed he grabbed his knife, which was lying on the bench next to him. Camran wouldn't have believed the man could move so fast. His swollen appearance belied his quick and coordinated motion.
When he saw who was there, he put down the knife and nodded. The mayor introduced the man as Druc. Druc's expression couldn't hide the disappointment he felt that they had come for him. Resignedly, Druc invited them up to his home in the cliff side where they could talk.
Camran couldn't believe his eyes when they entered his cave. It was nicer than many homes he had visited and even lived in on Earth. It was obvious the others were equally impressed. Druc showed them around and asked when they would be leaving. Camran said the day after next the ship was scheduled to depart for OceanBay. Druc said they could stay with him while waiting and showed them to the unfinished workshop where they were able to lay out their sleeping rolls.
The captain, seeing no need to have all his men standing around, left a small party outside on guard and said he would return for them the morning the ship was to depart. The mayor said his good-byes, wished them well, and departed with most of the guard unit. The foursome thought it was a welcome relief to leave most of the watch duty to the other men. They didn't completely rely on them, at night one of the four continued to stand guard, just in case one of their newly acquired guards turned out to be untrustworthy.
That night they all stayed up late discussing the plans and overall situation with their newest member. They warmed to Druc right away, as he did to them. Camran informed him about the Oracle, the bridge, and who the other members were to be. Druc gradually began to feel needed in this strange odyssey that was consuming all their lives. Druc also came to realize that none of the other members were looking forward to the dangers on this trip any more than him. His original reluctance to become a part of this venture began to ebb.
The next day Druc took them on a tour of the immediate area surrounding his home. He showed them the tool making operation and how to make glass, as well as what to look for in the rocks in the way of hardness and color. The day went much too quickly for them all. Gena especially enjoyed the indoor plumbing, remarking to them about how nice it was to feel really clean for the first time in days.
The time they had before the ship sailed passed in relaxed enjoyment, away from the worries that the trip thus far had carried. The guards were never far away and yet they didn't intrude or interfere in the activities engaged in by the growing group. Druc prepared and gathered his things while they all became more acquainted with the obviously talented man.
They were up early the morning the ship was to leave. No one spoke as they left the beautiful home of their newest friend on the walk back into RockView, and then onto the ship. As he left his house Druc did not look back.
Chapter 16

The rock exploded in a puff of dust and hail of small pebbles. There was very little noise this time. It wasn't much of an accomplishment, however. The noise should have been many times greater, even though the rock had exploded from the inside out. There weren't any explosives used. It was a matter of the correct directed use of the willpower of the mind. 
At least it was a little faster that time, thought Uri, as he prepared for another try. Having newly arrived from the planet Uranus, he was trying to regain some of the power and control he had possessed on his home planet. The use of his directing was an automatic and simple thing at home. But very few were able to use those lifelong powers from Uranus after they arrived in this world. For some unexplained reason the ability to direct the energy was lost to most Uranians during the transfer process after death. Those that were still able to use the will as directed power did so in varying degrees. Although no Uranian in this world, so far, was able to direct the energy with much power or strength. And there was very little hope that the power would ever increase to a higher more meaningful level to any of the Uranians living in this land. At least that had been true up until Uri arrived.
Uri already possessed greater use of his will than any other Uranian in recent history. In fact, the last time such a person had arrived with as much usable will power from the planet Uranus was during the last quest for the secret to the bridge. No coincidence Uri was sure, having the belief that all things can be scientifically explained. He further believed if they can't be explained, then the person or people simply didn't have enough information about the situation in order to pass judgment or understand.
Uri spent a great deal of time each day practicing the use of his will. He had markedly improved since his arrival, however weak the results still seemed to be to him. Another rock exploded with a soft sounding puff.
He diligently practiced because a couple of weeks ago word had come to the community that a new quest for the bridge was in the making. He was told he may be called upon to join this force with those presently being assembled. He was looking forward to the opportunity to help. There wasn't that much to do in his community that was of great interest to Uri. He longed to travel, to see and explore the newness of this different world.
Uri was an adventurer. Always studying some new theory or trying out some new experiment. Of course, that was what got him into trouble back home on Uranus. He and three other scientists had attempted to use their combined will together in a blended and harmonized project. The project involved the molecular disassembly and re-assembly of an object. Everything was going fine during the experiment until one of the three scientists lost his focused concentration for just a fraction of a second. That was all it took for tragedy to strike.
They had almost succeeded in the molecular disassembly of a metal sphere when it happened. The harmony of their blended wills turned to discord, setting up a chain reaction within the disassembled atomic particles. The result was catastrophic. Atomic particles blew apart at the speed of light, leaving instantaneous vacuums. These vacuums were created with such force the resulting pressure gradient was tremendous. Although they had prepared and were safe from the initial explosion, they hadn’t planned for nature’s way of filling voids; each of their bodies was forcefully drawn inward to fill the vacuum that had been left by the retreating matter. Fortunately, or unfortunately, their bodies weren't drawn equally or evenly. They separated in hundreds of places simultaneously, causing the instant death of all four.
His death wasn't in the least bit painful. It had all happened in a fraction of a second. He would be more careful about those he chose to experiment with in the future, he thought with a chuckle to himself. Anyway, that part of life was gone from him now. He needed to make ready for what the future held. That future may possibly be a quest for the bridge. If so, then he may very well need all the will power he could muster.
Uri was a tall man. He stood about 6'5" with a thin build and snowy white curly hair. He was a young man of thirty-five years, measured as they would in this world. He wore a captivating smile that lit up his light orange skin. His blue eyes were not only overly large but shone with added brilliance and intensity.
Uri concentrated on another rock. In a second the rock exploded with a strong noise. That was the fastest yet, Uri thought with satisfaction. All the practice was finally starting to pay off. On Uranus he would have been able to explode the rock almost instantaneously with very little concentration. Now he had to focus and concentrate his mind to the exclusion of everything else.
Uri lived in the village Nemaris, named after a city on the planet Uranus. But it wasn't much like the city he knew back home. This was a community of simple log homes tucked in the woods along the river. In contrast, the city Nemaris on Uranus was an elaborate feat of architectural beauty.
Uranians were a basic, simple non-materialistic people. They used their minds in the highest examples of creative endeavor imaginable on Uranus. Such was not the case in this world. They seemed to have lost the energy and creative drive that was so characteristic of the Uranian people. It was as though the creative portion of their mind had been lost during the transference into this world. Uri didn't wholly believe that theory. However, that was another reason Uri wished to join this quest. To help his people regain some of their dignity and regal standing. He believed it was a simple matter of mental focusing, disrupted due to the death process they had undergone while coming here. Mental refocusing was easiest when the subject was in a positive and inviting mood. The Uranian people here did not seem to be in a very positive or inviting frame of mind. Perhaps he could help stimulate their readjustment through his own example and hopeful success on the quest, if he was allowed to join, that is.
It was late in the day, so Uri quit and began walking back to the small log cabin where he lived near the river. His mind was tired. Tomorrow he would get up early and work some more on the speed.
Chapter 17

The day was warm; a steady breeze blew from the north. The sails snapped as the ship changed heading, gradually working its way down the coastline toward the south. The four companions lounged on the middle deck, talking and sharing a midday snack. The conversation had turned to a discussion of a particular passage in the Oracle. That was how they had spent most of their days on the voyage, resting on the deck and discussing the Oracle. They were expecting to reach Mar-Du late that evening.
The voyage had been long but for the most part uneventful. The ship sailed within sight of the shoreline for most of the trip south to OceanBay, detouring only slightly around some rocks rising up from the shallow water. They stayed close to shore, in part to evade the huge fish, but also to have a better chance to get to shore safely in the event of a severe storm.
The huge fish seldom ventured into the shallow water near the shoreline. That was fine with Camran and the others. Gena hadn't seen one yet, although she had heard lots of stories. She indicated she wasn't all that interested in seeing one up close, either. The one Bran had almost caught was big enough for her, she said, causing Bran's face to turn redder than it already was.
Camran again marveled at the huge lotus flowers that once more dotted the horizon since re-entering the Sea of the Lotus. Only once did they see one of the large fish and he was far enough away not to cause any undue concern. Gena was napping and so missed out on this one too.
They spent two long days in OceanBay before sailing on toward Mar-Du in the south. They stayed on the ship while docked at OceanBay. Being confined this way made the days long and boring, but they felt it safer to remain on board and not venture into the city.
Their course was south to the village of Pacific. This was the settlement of those from the planet Earth. The trading vessel they were on was to stop first at the villages of Mar-Du and then Mert prior to reaching Pacific. The captain had agreed to take them to the mouth of a river after leaving Pacific, so they could travel by foot to the village of Pod, the Venetian settlement. The mouth of the river was a short distance out of the captain's way; however, he wouldn't hear of any other arrangement. He was taking the responsibility for their safety very seriously.
Bran was looking forward to reaching the village of Mar-Du. It was the primary settlement of the Martian people. He had lived there for a short time when he first arrived in this world. Not long enough to have become attached to the place and the way of life there, but long enough to have established some friends. He looked forward to seeing them that evening.
They were expecting to depart Mar-Du the middle of the following day. The captain needed to drop off some of the stone goods from RockView and pick up a small load of goods to be delivered to Pacific. Three or four hours work and a rest for his men and they would be ready to leave.
As the ship pulled into the small bay serving the settlement of Mar-Du, Camran couldn't help being amazed at the many ways people lived in this world. He had seen so many varieties of dwellings during his travels and here now was another. This village looked like a scene out of the Middle Ages. At least as far as the buildings were concerned. The buildings were constructed out of large rock in the same manner ancient castles used to be. Granted, the construction was by far better in quality than in the ancient days on Earth, however, the effect was of a Middle Age village.
The Martians were large people and they built large spacious dwellings. Some of them stopped just short of being considered castles. Large wooden beams were used as support for the many storied buildings, with one place having a drawbridge resting across a small stream.
Bran led them on a tour of some of the more popular spots. The Martian people were friendly and with a request from Bran, supplied several armed guards to watch over the party as they walked around sightseeing and visiting.
They spent the night at an Inn near the inlet, close to the heart of the village. The rooms were huge in comparison to those they had stayed in so far. Druc liked the large stone construction. Discussing it with whoever would listen as they walked around that day. Gena was again grateful for the hot bath, while Twil got himself a large pitcher of beer and was content to settle in front of the fireplace in the room he shared with Camran.
Bran spent time with his friends and acquaintances that evening and late into the next morning.
When it was time to leave, Bran was able to solicit the aid of four men as security to accompany them during the rest of the trip to enlist the help of the other quest members. When that part of the journey was accomplished, they would then be free to return home. Like most places they had visited so far, this town was another that they regretted having to leave so soon.
Their overall mood was brightened by the addition of the men to help guard them on their journey. The trip across the wide inlet went quickly and they were filled with renewed hope as they looked forward to seeing the village of Mert, home of the Mercurians. This was where Twil called home prior to meeting up with Camran. He hadn't realized until they had gotten to Mar-Du that he knew very little about either of his good friends and quest members. He learned a lot more in the one day at Mar-Du about Bran than he had altogether in the weeks they had so far spent in each other’s company. He hoped to learn as much about Twil when they reached his former village.
When they docked at Mert Camran was disappointed to see very little there. He had been expecting a thriving town along the waterfront like all the other places they had stopped at so far. There were several buildings and people working the docks, but Camran could see no houses or any evidence of a central community.
Under protection of the Martian guard unit they de-boarded the ship and followed Twil, who seemed to know exactly where he wanted to take them. He hadn't told them anything regarding Mert or his home, a secretive grin being the only answer to their questions. Curiously, they followed along behind him.
They walked approximately a half mile upriver to the shore of a large lake. For as far as they could see across the lake there were poles sticking up through the water with cones on their tops. Twil led them to one of several small buildings near the water’s edge.
The double door entry was recessed about ten feet into the wooden building. Camran noticed there were no windows in this or any of the other buildings he could see from where they stood. Twil opened the door and walked inside. The rest of them followed, ducking in the low entryway. The Mercurians weren't tall people.
Inside the building they were presented with another mystery. There was nothing there but a wide ramp slanting downwards in the direction of the water. They followed Twil down the ramp. When they were two or three stories below ground level the ramp leveled off. There they were confronted with another set of double doors.
These doors led to a short corridor. The light in the corridor was dim, but as they moved a few yards farther ahead there was plenty of light. This section of the corridor was well lit because the ceiling was all glass. The light filtered through the crystal-clear lake and into the corridor. They gasped in disbelief as it suddenly dawned on them that they were underwater, on the lake bottom. Twil gave them all a self-satisfied nod and proceeded to lead them farther down the lighted hallway.
The lake must have been very deep for they took another ramp downward for quite some distance. When the floor again leveled out, they came to an air pressure lock, designed mostly as a protection against leakage. Twil stated there were many such locks throughout the underwater system. Twil twisted the wooden wheel and opened the door. Once inside the room he again sealed it shut, then proceeded to turn the wheel on the other side of the room. When he opened the door the others simultaneously held their breath in utter amazement.
In front of them was a huge underwater dome. It was one of several major domes serving the city. People rushed to and fro going about their daily business. There were three levels of shops inside this dome. Twil said there were six other domes of equal size connected on the lake bottom. These large domes, for the most part, were the business and market sections. The Mercurians make a variety of goods, among them were many exquisitely hand made miniature objects. Since they were obviously a very creative people, their art and sculpture works were highly prized among the other inhabitants of this world. In addition to the large domes there were many smaller ones, these were divided into living units.
Among the creative endeavors of the Mercurians, they would learn later, was their development of medicines and various drugs.
Although the light came filtered through the water, it was very bright and well illumined in the dome. Camran remembered how bright it seemed to him when he first arrived in this world. He must have gotten used to it for now he noticed how similar this underwater light was to the light on Earth. It was soft and comforting to his vision. Although it was all very different and beautiful, Camran wasn't sure he wanted to live under water for any length of time. He felt slightly claustrophobic knowing he was submerged. More baggage from Earth, he thought.
Only the top third of each of the domes was glass. The lower two-thirds was solid wall and this area was used to build out the interior walls. Twil explained these units were built on the lake shore opposite the side they had entered. The shells were completed, floated into position, then sank to the bottom. Each of the units was built in layers of leaves and a plaster mix that was waterproof. The leaves were layered and stretched over a wooden frame constructed in the shape of a dome. A rock dust mixture combined with the sap of one of the local trees made a tight waterproof and lightweight plaster. It was a process similar to making a cast for a broken bone.
Once the shell was completed, the non-breakable glass was fitted into place by cutting holes through the shell. Two layers of the thick glass were used, leaving an air space of about six inches between them. Each layer of this non-breakable glass was enough to hold back the lake water. If a leak occurred, the top layer would be replaced from the lake side by divers. The bottom would be replaced from the inside. Whenever a top unit was replaced, the bottom would also be replaced after the repairs were made to the top. In this way the water in the air space would be drained and the two panes cleaned and sealed on both sides. It was part of the regular maintenance routine of these people, no different than re-paving a street or repairing a leaking roof, thought Camran, as he listened to Twil discuss the construction of these units. His voice was filled with the pride that all his people must feel over such a unique accomplishment. They all listened intently.
Twil continued, saying, the units would be slowly lowered to the bottom of the lake by gradually filling tubes built into the sides of the structure with sand. Once these tubes dropped below water level the water would take over, filling the balance of the tubes. The water, however, would not be enough to completely sink the massive structure. Sand would continue to be funneled into the tubes until the unit sat on the bottom of the lake.
Once on the bottom divers would link the new structure with the others. The divers breathed air pumped through hoses into their sealed wooden helmets. The hand pumped air came from specially constructed pumps mounted to small barges floating above the divers on the lake surface.
When the connecting corridors were in place, ports were opened in the water lock entrances. The water would drain from the corridors into the lock and be pumped up a pipe attached to the side of one of the air vents, and back out into the lake.
Crews would enter the newly created space, reseal it all from the inside and build out the structure. Twil continued to explain that each section had several sets of water lock doors in the event of an emergency. All structures were constantly inspected and well maintained. Theoretically the sand tubes attached to the outside shell could be detached and the structure re-floated to the surface for major repairs. That has never yet been necessary, Twil said matter-of-factly, understandably proud of the durability and ingenuity of these structures.
They were shown to a section of living units where they could clean up and get some sleep. These units were as luxurious as any of them had yet seen in this land. There was no dirt to track in, so the floors were covered in fine soft hand-woven rugs. The walls were painted in light pastel colors, while the whole apartment was handsomely decorated with hand crafted items of various kinds. The filtered light coming in the windows overhead created a contrast of color and soft light tones that mellowed the senses. Camran was having second thoughts about whether he could stay here for very long. After he learned of the safety factors and the sturdy construction he became sold on underwater living, especially after entering one of the living units and seeing how pleasant it really was. He deposited his pack on the floor near the entry door, took the beer Twil held out to him, and walked to the nearest chair as though in a trance. He sat looking up at the large fish swimming above him, sipping on his beer. Yes, he thought, it can be very soothing living down here beneath the lake.
Two days later, as the ship pulled away from the dock, the foursome wished they could have stayed a while longer. That always seemed to be the case, Camran decided, as they headed toward their next stop, the town of Pacific, home of the people from planet Earth.
At Pacific, Camran felt as though he had just arrived somewhere in the Pacific Northwest. Of course, the trees were larger and the weather warmer, however, the people were friendly and consisted of a balanced array of differing nationalities. It was then that Camran realized how different Earth was compared to the other planets, at least in respect to its people. Earth had several different varieties of nationalities, whereas the other planetary communities he had already visited had only one. That was something he would have to give more thought to.
The buildings here were a pleasant mixture of stone, log and wood sided structures. Many of the inhabitants had plots of land they farmed, growing much of their own vegetables and fruit. It was like a typical community that one would find on Earth, familiar to him in many respects. The one thing he did not consider was how different many of the things in town and the way of life of his people would seem strange to his companions. He thought their way of living exciting and different, now it was their turn. Camran thought the way of life here was very simple and unexciting. His companions, however, continually talked about how friendly and relaxed they felt around these people. They felt at home immediately, not at all like they were just visiting.
As they toured the town, Camran noticed more attempts at modernization than anywhere they had been so far. Running water, tools and wooden machines doing some of the mundane chores, were all very American, thought Camran. Even in this world, those people that were from America stood out like sore thumbs, with their heightened way of living. Here it apparently had affected the rest of the community for all were attempting to live in a more comfortable fashion. Leave it to the former Earth people to work very hard creating things to make their lives easier.
A messenger from the Neptunian ship told Camran that they had finished unloading and the new load had been brought aboard for the return trip. With their business done they would be leaving in the morning at first light. 
The next morning, they set sail for the river that would lead them to Pod, the Venetian settlement. They were not able to sail all the way to the mouth of the river due to the swampy shallow condition of the water at the point where the river emptied into the inlet. They would have to debark and walk around the swampy shallows and pick up the river a little farther inland.
There was a dock they could use but the Venetians themselves seldom used it. They lived primarily through their own efforts, raising their own food and making most of what they used. They didn't trade much with the other people of this land. They were not antisocial, they just minded their own business and didn't bother anyone, preferring to beautify the area in which they lived. It was said the Venetians were very content with their way of life. Many envied that confident attitude toward living, which perhaps was the greatest asset of the Venetian people. They were a very self-sufficient group.
A few people were at the docks as they unloaded and prepared to walk to Pod. One of them offered the use of a small boat to take them the rest of the way. They gladly agreed and were grateful for the boatman's skillful guidance through the tangled swamp. Although they would have liked to walk and stretch their legs, they knew there would be plenty of walking in the days ahead.
They left the small boat at a small wooden dock surrounded by beautiful flowers. The end of the dock opened onto a wide well cared for path that snaked its way through the woods. They walked the short distance left to Pod.
The first thing Camran noticed was the bright colors up ahead through the trees. As they drew nearer to Pod, he stared in absolute wonder at the unparalleled beauty that confronted them. Everywhere they looked gorgeous brightly colored flowers and trees were growing. Small ponds and lakes dotted the gardens and countryside. Neatly manicured lawns flowed along the stone walkways. Benches were set along the paths overlooking a garden waterfall or one of the many small lakes. Everywhere they walked they were surrounded by flowers. It was a paradise, if ever there was one, agreed all the members.
The tree homes were impressive. They weren't simple small structures, either. They were led to a wooden lift that appeared to serve several homes in the same tree. Looking up, Camran thought this was his type of living. He loved the beauty of everything here.
It turned out the lift served only one home and the guest quarters of the High One, as she was called by the Venetian people. Even though Camran had visited some very nice places to live, this he preferred above everything he had seen thus far. The homes were sturdy, and the views were unsurpassed.
The people here were friendly, as well as beautiful. Camran couldn't distinguish the difference between the physical features of the Venetians and those from Earth, except as a group he rated the Venetians a more radiant and beautiful people overall. The word radiant was all Camran could think of to describe them. They seemed to somehow glow with beauty, to radiate life. He felt a deep kinship with these people; a bond that reached deep within his soul.
They all retired to their rooms for a rest prior to dinner and meeting the High One. Camran felt secure and at peace in this quaint and beautiful place. He slept like he had never yet slept in this new world.
At dinner time a porter summoned them to the main house. A fork between two tree limbs was spanned by a suspension bridge. They crossed over to the main quarters and were surprised to find a garden surrounding the house.
Dirt had been brought up from the ground and layered over thick planking. The planking had been waterproofed and treated. A drainage system had been installed beneath the dirt. The gardens extended around both sides and the back of the tree house and consisted mainly of flowers. There were some vegetable plants and a few small ornamental trees as well. Camran was amazed at all this beauty cultivated above the ground.
Among the flowers and small patches of grass were wooden decks served by walkways. The gardens covered at least an acre of area, Camran guessed. It was so impressive he just stood there and gawked, not noticing the woman who approached.
"Do you like the gardens?" asked the woman, extending her hand. "I'm Ve-Tah," she said smiling.
"Very much so," replied Camran, taking the woman's hand. It must have taken quite a while to do all this."
The High One's handshake was firm and friendly. She gestured to the others to join her on the deck nearby, the tables were already set and waiting for her guests. They talked for a few minutes while they were waiting for the two women the High One mentioned were due to arrive.
In a short while the maid entered the back yard with two women at her side. They were introduced to Camran and the others as Ve-Nah and Ve-Kim. Both were beautiful women, thought Camran, Ve-Kim perhaps a little more so than Ve-Nah. They each took chairs to the right of the High One. Neither of the two women smiled. They obviously felt uncomfortable being placed on the spot like this.
The High One asked both ladies if they had arrived at a decision. Both said they had decided to leave it up to the High One, that neither of them particularly wanted to go on the quest. But both agreed that if chosen to go, would willingly do so and perform to the best of their ability.
The High One turned to Camran for a decision. First, he told them what they were up against, the dangers and potential rewards. Next, he asked them each if they had any special talents that would be beneficial to the group on this quest for the bridge. Neither thought they had anything special to contribute. How was he to choose?
Dinner was served. Camran remained quiet throughout dinner while he watched and contemplated the two women. Because of their reluctance to go, he was unsure how to base the decision fairly. After dinner he asked them both if they knew how to use any type of weapon. Ve-Nah shook her head no. Ve-Kim admitted she had some practice with a crossbow, clarifying the statement with the fact that she wasn't very good with it.
With nothing else to go on, Camran chose Ve-Kim to join them. Her face showed no disappointment. Apparently, she had resigned herself to the fact she may very well be chosen. Ve-Nah on the other hand closed her eyes in an obvious display of relief.
Once that was decided the High One dismissed Ve-Nah, who left after saying goodbye to Ve-Kim, the other members of the quest and the High One. After a short period, the High One excused herself saying she was tired and that they were welcome to sit and visit where they were for as long as they wished. She said her goodbyes, adding her wishes for good luck to them all.
Camran and the others took the opportunity to explain more in detail the object of the quest to Ve-Kim. She quickly understood the importance of the mission. She also told them her reasons for being reluctant to participate in the venture; her reservations centered on her newfound male relationship. But the relationship was not proceeding well and perhaps her being chosen to leave was the best thing for both of them. She also restated her vow to all of them to do her best to help them succeed on the quest for the bridge. They all felt assured that despite her reluctance in the beginning she would be a trusted and valuable member of the group. She had nothing important she needed to tend to before she could leave. They also told her there was one more member they were to pick up in Nemaris, a Uranian.
It was agreed they would leave first thing in the morning. No sense wasting any more time than necessary. They gave her instructions on what to bring. Gena asked if she could accompany her to her home and help her pack. Ve-Kim gratefully accepted. The others got up and headed for bed while two of the Martian guards escorted the women to the tree Ve-Kim lived in, planning to stand guard at the base during the night. They would be relieved by the other two Martian Guards midway through the night, allowing all of them to get some sleep before setting out in the morning.
Chapter 18

Shadows danced on the walls of the cave located deep within the rock covered mountain. He held the torch high as he proceeded through the large cavern down the passageway, deeper into the recesses of the underground maze. The passageway turned and twisted, always sloped slightly downward, the torch light formed eerie shapes on the rock. He didn't notice. His thoughts were elsewhere.
The quest for the bridge had started. The time was at hand, after all the waiting and preparation. Let it begin, he thought, I'm ready.
Light ahead indicated he was nearing his destination. Around the next bend loomed a huge cavern, a couple of hundred yards long and at least a hundred yards wide. Torches and candles lined the ancient rock walls. Hundreds of men and women sat stoically on wooden benches lined up to form rows across the cavern floor.
The men and women on the benches looked like they had been drugged. A glaze seemed to cover each of their eyes as they awaited the coming of their new Master. They were all new at being disciples of the Master Guardian. Some were there voluntarily, but most had been kidnapped and brought to this underground stronghold against their will. There were members from all the different planetary races represented.
Once brought to this underground location all were subjected to an orientation process that included, in part, a technique of brain washing. None of them knew the real purposes of the Guardians. Even the ones who had voluntarily joined did so for promises of wealth and easy living, not to mention the power they expected to wield as Guardians and were not following any known cause. They looked upon this as an adventure and a way to get even with others for their having to live a lower standard of living. Many had lived in the gutters of some cities with only the clothes on their back. Those were the ones most easily convinced to join the ranks of the Guardians.
The Guardian Master entered the cavern. Immediately his arrival caused an uneasy stir among those waiting. A cold icy fear clutched at their hearts. The passageway he had come out of was higher than the cavern floor. From his position he looked down upon them all.
This was the first time any of the new Guardians had seen him in person. They were shocked and instantly frightened. He was a gigantic individual and completely hooded, they saw no skin or facial features. Two burning white eyes shone in the darkness within the hood of the cloaked figure. Those eyes bore into the depths of every person's being. His empty sleeves rose to convey quiet in the cavern, although it was already so quiet you could hear the water dripping into a pool at the far end of the room.
He began to speak...
Chapter 19

Late in the afternoon on the second day after leaving Pod, they were skirting around the southern edge of a large swamp. Their map was wrong. The swamp should have been farther to the east and more north. The smell was terrible and all of them were wearing a piece of cloth over their noses. Clouds of noxious gasses could be heard and seen escaping from the soupy mixture. A constant hissing whisper seemed to surround them. Dark clouds of smelly gases hung over the swamp and surrounding terrain, cutting off much of the light. Small islands of hard earth grew some of the strangest vegetation any of them had yet encountered. Overall, the swamp was depressing. The companions were hurrying to get as far away from the depressing darkness and foul smell as quickly as they possibly could.
Each time they believed they had walked around the most southern part of the swamp, they changed direction back on course toward Nemaris, only to run right into the swamp again. Sometimes they would have to backtrack for an hour or more just to find another route around the slimy mud. So far, they had been lucky on one count. Only one of the guards had stepped in a spot that appeared hard but wasn't. Before he sank completely out of sight, they were able to get a rope around him and drag him to safety.
They weren't going to make it out of the swamp by the time darkness set in. They had hoped to travel far enough to escape the foul smell, but it was already beginning to turn into night. With night falling they were forced to scout around for a place to set up camp, while still trying to maintain what they thought was the direction toward Nemaris.
It was getting dark and still they had not found a place to camp. Soon it would become too dark to see and they were no closer to finding a suitable spot to stop. Their main consideration was to find some dry wood so they could start a fire. They had been unable to find any. As darkness descended, they were left with no choice but to make do for the night without a fire.
As they went about setting up a makeshift camp, they heard a humming sound coming from the swamp. They could come up with no explanation for it. It didn't sound like the gases escaping from the thick mud, although with the cooler temperatures in the evening the swamp noises might very well sound different than they did during the warmth of the day. The humming continued so they went back to setting up for the night, trying to put the noise out of their minds.
One of the guards tried to start a fire. The wood was too wet to ignite, so he gave up. At the same moment he stood up they all became aware that the humming noise had increased. It was deafening and seemed closer. They peered into the darkness but could see nothing. When they realized what was happening it was too late, they were unable to react fast enough to help. The guard that had tried to start a fire screamed a blood curdling scream. Something, some creature, was hovering over him. He collapsed on the soggy ground. The humming rose in pitch as the creature began to move away toward the swamp. The others quickly came to the aid of the fallen Martian. But there was nothing they could do; he was already dead. More than that, he was sucked dry of all bodily fluids. It had happened so fast none had gotten a good look at the creature, only the sensation that it was large and dark and moved quickly through the night.
They were barely able to see the beast as it sped away. They made out just enough to know they didn't want to see this thing or another like it for the rest of the night. Camran said it looked like a mosquito. Then he had to explain what a mosquito was since none of them had ever heard of anything like that before.
As the air around them began to crackle, they stepped away from the corpse. A Plutonian appeared, scooped up the body in his covered arms and was gone in the blink of an eye.
The attack had taken them all by surprise. So much so, none of them had time to react with one of their weapons. Hurriedly, they gathered some wet branches from the immediate area and made a quick cover, erecting it between two small trees. The cover was like the bars in a cage. They hoped the design would keep the creatures from getting in underneath it, to where they retreated.
The hideous thing was too big to attack them easily when under the cover. It was probably strong and there was a chance the thing might be able to smash through their construction. The three remaining guards stood outside the cover with their swords drawn, in expectation of another attack.
They didn't have to wait long. The humming started again. This time there was more than one. The humming came from several different directions at the same time. Soon the buzzing-noise filled the night air. It sounded as though the sky was full of the mosquito like creatures. Perhaps it was.
Their eyes had adjusted to the darkness somewhat or perhaps the night wasn't quite as dark as it had been. In any event they were able to make out the outline of the hideous creatures as they came out of the swamp.
Two attacked the three Martian guards simultaneously. The beak-like extension of these insects closely resembled those of the mosquito; only they were more like a wedge. They were swords in themselves. Ve-Kim shuddered next to Camran at the sight of these blood sucking monsters. The Martians swung their swords in unison just as the two hovering insects dove. At the same time, Twil and Bran let loose arrows. One of the swords hit its mark. Both arrows did, but it was the same insect the arrows hit. One insect swerved away from a Martian sword while the wounded insect let out a terrifying screech and tried to fly away, but it fell flopping onto the ground. One of the Martian guards quickly put an end to it.
More of the insects had arrived in the meantime. Druc and Twil shot arrows out through the gaps in the overhead covering of branches. The insect's long extensions made it possible for them to reach through the layer of branches they had built. None of them had thought about how long those extensions would be; otherwise they would have built the covering higher. Unsure of what they were up against they had built it low to discourage the creatures from being able to come underneath.
One insect funnel shot through the covering narrowly missing Gena. Camran swung his sword and chopped part of that extension away. Blood flew everywhere, covering them all. They crouched lower under the layer of branches. Camran had become quite competent with the sword under Bran's tutelage. He felt much more confident of himself, as he began to use it against their attackers.
One of the guards cried out. He had been stuck in the upper arm. Fortunately, the guard standing next to him reacted quickly and dispatched the insect before he could inhale the fluid from the Martian's body. The insects were quick and strong. The one that had attacked the first guard sucked him dry so fast there was no time to react once the extension had entered his body. The extensions were so big and sharp they alone could kill, just as any sword.
Although outnumbered, the guards held their own against the overwhelming onslaught. They counted twelve of the diving insects. Two more stuck their extensions in through the top of the covering. Bran and Camran cut them off. They left with a torrent of screeching.
As fast as the attack started, it stopped. The humming insects retreated toward the swamp where they took up positions hovering nearby. The incessant humming noise grated on the nerves of them all.
During that long night they were attacked twice more. Several other insects joined in, replacing the ones that had fallen earlier. There always seemed to be a dozen or so when they attacked. The companions were worn out, not only from the lack of sleep but the nerve wracking and constant humming of the insects. However, no one else was seriously injured during either one of the attacks. Camran did receive a slight cut on his upper arm from an extension that had pierced through the covering. Fortunately, it wasn't very serious.
As the morning got brighter the humming gradually receded farther into the distance. Apparently, like mosquitoes on Earth, they were night creatures. Around the area they had defended during the night Camran counted eighteen dead insects. Many more were without the use of their extensions, thought Camran grimly. They had been cut off in the melee and without them would probably die soon, since they would be unable to use them to eat.
Quickly they gathered their things and left their meager shelter. They were exhausted and had even gone without eating the night before. Still they hurried through the brush and trees toward a safer place, away from the deadly swamp.
Several hours later they finally stopped to rest. They had traveled due south from where they had spent the long dreadful night. After resting and eating they decided they would continue traveling farther in the same direction for a while longer, before changing on a course back toward Nemaris.
They were starving. The food tasted good and the rest was sorely needed, they decided to walk for a couple more hours before stopping again for some sleep. They had no idea how far the range of those mosquito-like creatures were and had no desire to find out.
Chapter 20

The afternoon air was heavy and cool as they proceeded through the woods. It smelled like it was about to rain any minute. They were very near Nemaris and the closer they got the more cautious they became. The trip had been uneventful since their battle with the large insects. Once they were well away from the swamps, they made good time, after a much-needed rest from that ordeal.
They expected to be ambushed as they got near the village of Nemaris in the same manner as they were at Statmer. The Guardians would certainly think they could be headed here. The three Martian guards stayed well out in front of the rest of the group, constantly on the lookout for anything suspicious.
Their plan was for Twil to go into the village and locate the Uranian. The rest of them would stay in the woods together. Each of them longingly wished they could go into town and jump in a hot bath, not to mention eat a home cooked meal. The meals they had been fixing for themselves on the trail weren't that bad, but there was still something to be said about food cooked at home.
They came to the top of a small hill and decided it was as good a place as any to defend in the event of an attack. They stopped there and set up a quick camp. The guards were posted around the bottom of the hill. Twil would wait for nightfall before striking out for the village.
Ve-Kim had been a good traveling companion. Although she hadn't wanted to come, she never complained. Camran had walked with her through the better part of the preceding day. He learned much about the Venetian way of life, as well as quite a bit about her personally. The more he heard the more he thought he would like the Venetian lifestyle. He told her when this was all over, he would like to return to the Venetian settlement for a longer visit. She smiled and told him he was always welcome.
When it was dark Twil left the camp with a small pack and his weapons slung over his shoulder. He said he would return before daybreak. Again, he was to pick up some much-needed supplies for them while he was in the settlement.
Twil carefully worked his way in closer to the village. There were no lights visible in the few small dwellings he passed. In fact, he saw no one until he was near the central area of the community. There, two men were just leaving a tavern. Twil stopped them and inquired as to where he could find the mayor of the village. They pointed down the street toward the small river that ran through town.
Twil wasted no time with further talk and headed off down the street in the direction the men had pointed. He stopped just long enough to buy the supplies they needed. They were out of everything and soon they would have to make a major replenishing stop.
At the mayor's house, as he expected, there was a man watching the front. This time there was also one watching the rear. The setting was more rural, and the watching men posed no major obstacle for Twil. Moving silently, he slipped around some bushes and used a few fallen leaves as cover, in a few moments he was crouched behind some flowers at the rear of the house. Lights were on behind the curtains covering the corner window. This time Twil saw no open window, so one by one he began checking for one that was unlocked.
The person on watch at the back of the house was far enough away Twil wasn't overly concerned about being seen. He figured the man would be watching for more than one person to show up here and would also be counting on having an element of surprise on his side. Twil noticed the watchman was only half paying attention to his job. Probably he had been there for several days, maybe even more than a couple of weeks already. He was bored and had lost interest in watching the house night after night. That would work in Twil's favor.
A window moved. It was closer to the lighted room than Twil would have liked, but it was better than not finding one at all. It slid up without a noise and Twil stuck his head in to find an empty room. Quickly he climbed in and pulled his dagger as he knelt in the darkness. No one came. There were no other sounds. He wished he could just knock on the door like any normal visitor, instead of sneaking into an important person's home this way.
Quietly, Twil opened the door a fraction of an inch. There was a slight movement in his field of vision, but not enough to make out any detail, so he opened the door wider. From this angle he was able to see a man in the room across and slightly down the hall from the room he had entered. The man was leaning over some papers at the desk where he was sitting. He must be the mayor, thought Twil.
Twil decided to take a chance like the last time and just walk in. He didn't see the woman coming around the corner with a tray of sandwiches. When she saw him, she screamed and dropped the tray before he could place his hand over her mouth.
As quickly as possible he explained to the man still sitting at the desk who he was and why he'd had to sneak in. It was up to the man now. There was a knock on the door. The man rose to answer it signaling for Twil to get out of sight. He let go of the woman's mouth and retreated to the room he had entered when climbing through the window.
At the door, the mayor confronted a man who tried to peer beyond him into the room. The man said he had heard a scream and had come to help. His wife was picking up the tray she had dropped while the mayor was pleasantly explaining, with a chuckle, that his wife thought she had seen something run across the floor and it frightened her.
The mayor asked if the man was just walking by and whether he could help him with directions. The man said he was just walking by but didn't need any help. The mayor said a cheerful goodnight and closed the door.
After he was sure the man had left the porch, the mayor went down the hall to one of the dark rooms and peered out the window. He could see the man from the door standing partly concealed behind a bush about twenty yards from the house. He then went to the back of the house and saw that there was another man posted there, looking more alert now than he had been earlier.
As he turned to go down the hall toward the main room in the house Twil appeared at his side, seemingly from out of nowhere. The mayor's wife gave Twil an apologetic smile and looked embarrassed. Twil bowed slightly, apologizing on his own for the intrusion and for having had to place his hand on her mouth. She hurried off to make some more sandwiches.
By the time she returned with the sandwiches the mayor and Twil were deep in conversation. Twil was given directions to the newest Uranian in the settlement. Uri was his name. The mayor stated that if they had guards here, they certainly would have them out at Uri's home as well, since he was the obvious choice for the quest among Uranians. As they talked Twil gulped down four sandwiches and drank two beers.
When they finished talking and eating Twil rose to leave, shaking the mayor's hand. The mayor's wife extended her hand and once more apologized for almost giving him away.
Twil left through the same window, this time without incident. The man on guard had gone back to his relaxed position of before. Twil quietly left the woods surrounding the mayor's house and hurried out to where Uri lived. Sure enough there was a man watching the front door. It was now quite late and there were no lights on. The Guardians obviously thought that since the other quest members wouldn't know who the newest Uranian was, or where he lived, it was more logical to spend the extra effort watching the mayor's home.
Twil went around to the back of the house. The house was small so instead of trying to gain entry and running the risk of having a confrontation with Uri, Twil tapped lightly on a windowpane. Not loud enough to alarm the person watching the house, but just loud enough to call attention to the noise from inside. A minute later the curtains were pulled aside, and a face appeared. When Uri saw Twil standing there with his finger over his lips signaling quiet, he didn't react at all as Twil had expected. Twil had thought the reaction would be one of surprise and perhaps some fear. Seeing a man outside the window this late at night would be disturbing to most people. Not this man. He simply looked at Twil's face as if this were a usual occurrence.
Uri quietly opened the window and asked Twil in a whisper what he wanted. As briefly as possible he got the point across that he was one of the members of the quest and that the house was being watched. Uri motioned for Twil to wait a minute and he left the window.
In a few minutes he returned carrying a pack which he handed out the window to Twil. With as little noise as possible Uri climbed through the window, then they both hurried off into the woods. The Uranian had apparently been prepared and waiting to be summoned. Without speaking they made their way to where the others waited.
It was the middle of the night when Twil returned with Uri. Camran was on watch. The others were all sleeping, but when they heard the two come into camp, they got up to meet their newest member.
Uri was introduced to all the others and they sat for a while talking about what they would do next. Camran suggested they return to RiverRidge to re-supply and plan out their next move. All seven members of the quest were now present. Their moves from now on would not be as predictable as they had been so far. That alone was a relief.
It was only a couple of hours before daylight. Twil left again to try and make arrangements for their passage on a ship bound for OceanBay. He returned just before daylight signaling for them all to hurry and get packed. There was a Neptunian ship leaving for OceanBay in about three hours. Arrangements had been made and the captain thought it best if they could be on board before it became too light.
They quickly gathered their things and set out for the docks, skirting the village as they went. Without mishap they boarded the ship and went below out of sight.
Although Camran could only guess what would be expected of them in the days ahead, one thing was certain, the quest had now begun.
PART II

Oracle of the Fourth Order

The stone door, barring the way to this key, is opened when it is realized the door is illusion. As the south wind blows and the eastern mountain peak radiates its whiteness in the west, so shall the pass to this key be revealed. The eagle in the west holds the key in his mighty talon.
Chapter 21

Looking out the window overlooking the beautiful gardens Camran thought about his life back on Earth. Why, out of the millions of inhabitants on Earth, had he ended up in this beautiful yet strange place? How were these decisions made? He was aware of one very important revelation from all that had happened. That was the fact there was no such thing as death. He was alive and he was here. He'd had a life on Earth and that life was over, but this was also life, different yes, but still life. And in some ways, it was much better than the one he had before.
And what about dying in this land? If he was to die during the quest, where would he go from here? Who was to say what the future held? He could only guess what the death experience would be like for him in this world. Now, the most important thing was to stop the spread of evil that had been unleashed throughout this new world.
Since leaving Nemaris and arriving at the estate of the Ruler, word had been coming in daily of the atrocities happening across the land. Disease was spreading rapidly. They had seen two cases themselves in OceanBay at the docks while waiting to leave for RiverRidge. No one knew how the disease spread or what to do about it when it was discovered. The one thing they did know was it killed quickly.
Camran was appalled at the serene beauty everywhere being turned into some insane evil, with a purpose or reason he was unable to fathom. The reports of animal attacks were on the increase as well, in some rare cases right in the villages themselves.
Camran walked across the room to pour himself another tart drink from the wooden pitcher on the table. The Ruler was out working in his gardens, while the others were discussing their next move. Camran needed some time alone to think, so he had gotten a pitcher of limett and gone into the library, closing the door behind him.
"Do you think we should take a ship to Pacific and then walk from there?" asked Twil, looking around at the others.
They were all conscious of Camran's absence from the room. Something was bothering him. They all sensed his worry; they thought it was just the pressure and the responsibility of their upcoming mission that was weighing so heavily on him. It had been difficult for all of them to adjust when they arrived and none of them were thrust immediately into life threatening situations as Camran had been.
"Should we go check on him?" asked Ve-Kim, starting to turn toward the door.
"No," said Gena "He needs this time alone."
They continued their discussion without Camran, trying to work out some of the details on the journey they knew they had to undertake.
A couple of hours later Camran rejoined them. He looked like a large weight had been taken off his shoulders. He commented that he had gone out into the garden and spoken with the Ruler. The old man had a way about him that calmed others and put things in their proper perspective once more.
The rest of the group filled him in on where they were in the conversation, along with some of the things they had already discussed and ruled out. The Ruler had promised them a ship would be at their disposal whenever they were ready to leave. They decided to leave the day after next, feeling they could use the extra day's rest. It would also give them a good opportunity to replenish their provisions and recheck their equipment.
That night after dinner the Ruler spoke with them as a group for the first time since they arrived two days previously. The situation had grown worse. Disease was spreading faster with each report he received. He gravely recounted the reasons they were seeking the magical bridge, but he didn't minimize the danger involved. When finished he requested a pledge from each member. He asked them all to dedicate themselves to the cause of locating the bridge, and thus eliminate evil from the land. All the members, without exception, gave their pledge willingly, expressing their unanimity of purpose and their massed intent to do whatever they could for the group as individuals, in order to accomplish their goal.
Chapter 22

The small cavern was dimly lit, and then only in selected places. The rest of the space was left in darkness. It was furnished in the manner of a small apartment, sparsely to be sure, yet it was where he lived. He never went out into the daylight; light was certain death to the one who feeds and gains strength from darkness and the death of others.
On a black woven carpet, he kneeled, his vision turned inward as he searched for the next move of the group seeking the bridge. So far things were going well. His followers were scattered throughout the land causing disruption and discontent. Disease was spreading and the animals were also doing their part by adding to the chaos. Still, he wasted no time in deriving satisfaction, there was much yet to be done.
He summoned his aide; a grotesque deformed Martian named Dumak. Word had to be sent to OceanBay for his followers to be on the alert for the group that was being led by the one from the golden flower.
The warrior shuffled away to tend to the task. Complying with his master's will was all the hideous warrior lived to fulfill.
The Dark One went back into his meditation.
Chapter 23

They arrived in OceanBay in the middle of the day. The weather was bad. It was windy and raining. Although the rain was heavy it was nothing compared to the downpour, they had experienced outside of Val. The temperature was cooler than normal, a sure sign the seasons were about to change. The seven companions huddled together on the middle deck of the ship, watching the bustling activity on the docks.
The companions had only been in port for a short while and already there had been three sightings of Plutonians collecting their lifeless cargo. The deadly unknown disease was beginning to show itself more frequently with each passing week.
Captain Nepturos had again been their ship captain on the voyage to OceanBay. He was carrying urgent messages to Statmer from the Ruler to all the mayors in that area. Camran and his comrades were to transfer to another Neptunian ship and continue south to Pacific, where they would disembark. They planned to leave OceanBay the following morning, when the ship they would be taking had completed unloading its cargo from Mert. The cargo consisted of some much-needed medical supplies from the Mecurians. The Mecurians created and discovered many cures for the various ailments of this land in their underwater sterile laboratories. So far, they had been unable to come up with any cure or treatment for the strange disease that was sweeping the Isle, threatening to increase to epidemic proportions.
Camran, Ve-Kim and Druc stood talking near the netting on the middle deck. Druc was voicing his opinion about how he thought their whereabouts would be more difficult to discern, since they were being transferred among the Neptunian ships. Camran stated he felt the Guardians were always aware of their whereabouts, no matter what elusive measures they undertook. He was recalling the dreams he'd had earlier regarding the cave on the Isle of Flowers. The only thing that was working in their favor was that their enemy didn't know where they were going, until they started toward the destination. Word would have to be sent then. That gave them somewhat of an advantage, although it was a very small one.
Gena and Bran were sitting farther down the deck with Twil deep in a conversation of their own. Uri was off somewhere by himself practicing his art, trying to gain greater control of his will power. The rest of the group already thought he had quite an impressive command of his will. Camran had never seen anything like it when Uri had given them a demonstration of the extent of his powers.
With all seven occupied, they were unprepared for the tragedy that was about to take place. It had been some time since they had to be on a constant alert. Nothing out of the ordinary had ever taken place on any of the ships on which they had traveled. The ship’s crew was Neptunian after all, and they were some of the most trustworthy people in the land.
A porter approached as Druc conceded there weren't that many options available to them. He apologized for his nervousness and the fact that they had very little control over the situation. Camran commented that was his major complaint also, no control over their destiny.
Camran happened to glance up as the porter stepped in front of him. Too late he recognized the wild eyes and foam of a madman on the lips of the man. He saw the glint of the knife blade as it lashed outward toward his chest. Ve-Kim had followed Camran's gaze and saw the knife a second before Camran. Without thought or hesitation she stepped in front of the deadly blade just before it would have entered Camran's chest. Ve-Kim received the thrust of the long blade into her own chest. With a look of disbelief, she stared down at the hilt protruding from her body. As the knife entered Ve-Kim, Druc grasped the situation and retrieved one of the knives from his belt. In less than the blink of an eye Druc dispatched the seaman with a quick slash of his knife across the man's throat. Ve-Kim crumpled to the deck, massive amounts of blood spurting from around the knife wound. Obviously, an artery had been severed.
Although numb with shock, Camran knelt beside Ve-Kim and did his best to stop the flow of blood. Looking up at her friends and companions Ve-Kim forced a weak smile to her lips, and then shuddered once as the light went out of her eyes and the life left her body. Camran held her tightly as he tried to absorb the fact that she had sacrificed her own life to save his. And then there came yet another shock when Camran realized a Plutonian was attempting to remove Ve-Kim's dead body from his arms. The Plutonian was firm, yet gentle, as he retrieved the body from Camran's strong grasp. The Plutonian’s touch was ice cold. That touch brought Camran back to reality. That touch was the touch of death.
The two Plutonians removed both bodies as the remaining friends looked on. As Camran let go of Ve-Kim, he looked within the hood of the Plutonian. He thought he detected a hint of deep compassion in the blood red eyes of that faceless being.
Chapter 24

Camran was in a deep state of depression. He sat for hours staring out of the inn's second story window. The inn was surrounded by at least a dozen men, protecting them from any intruders. No one was allowed into the inn, not even one of the guards. Bran had rented the entire facility for their indefinite stay. Inside, Bran and the others kept a rotating guard of their own, vowing that nothing like what happened on the ship in OceanBay was ever going to happen again.
Camran barely remembered the rest of the voyage from OceanBay to Pacific. He was conscious of Bran, Twil and Druc standing vigilant guard over him during the rest of the trip, not permitting anyone near, but he was conscious of nothing else. This was their second day in Pacific and still Camran could not shake the depths of depression. He had really liked Ve-Kim. And she had died protecting him.
Bran and Twil both tried to talk to him, appealing to him from several different angles. One was by bringing up the people in the land and how much they needed him. They told him the quest was not possible without him and that this was exactly what the Guardians hoped to accomplish. With one death they would be able to terminate the quest before it began; thereby giving solid root to the evil that was rapidly spreading across all the Isles. Finally, they gave up trying to reach him, opting for time to affect a cure.
By midmorning on the third day in Pacific Camran was little improved. But he had begun to eat some and had taken a bath. For both reasons his companions believed he was on the road to recovery, no matter how slow it appeared.
"There is someone here to see you," said Gena, as she brought a tray of food into the room, along with a wooden pitcher of hot tea. Camran said nothing as she opened the door for the visitor. His back was turned while he looked out the large picture window overlooking the creek and gardens below. Gena left as the visitor entered the room, quietly closing the door behind her.
"You mustn't be upset over Ve-Kim," said the visitor in a soft voice. "I have a letter I would like you to read."
The voice was familiar to Camran, although he could not identify who was speaking. He turned and looked at the beautiful woman standing before him. She was dressed for the woods and had a bandanna around her forehead and a crossbow slung across her back. Ve-Nah stood there holding out a single sheet of paper for him to take.
"Ve-Nah," the letter began. "Tomorrow we leave for OceanBay. I had a dream last night. In it I was struck down with a blade from an assassin. I have spent the morning reading and re-reading the Oracle that Camran copied into his book. I can find no statement anywhere that says the quest for the bridge is terminated or can't continue if one of the members dies in the attempt. If Camran died, then I could see some justification for despair and a reason to abandon the goal. He is a strong man and I believe he will complete this quest."
"Since I can find neither reason to abandon the quest, nor any reason for you to have to join it - for I began the quest in keeping with the spirit of the Oracle, I request a favor. I ask that you find it in your heart to locate and join them of your own free will. The cause, I have come to learn, is the worthiest thing I could ever think of doing. I'm proud to have been a member of this group, even if it has been only for a short time. These people are the best friends anyone could ever have. If my heart wasn't still back in Pod with Ve-Anc, I would have been tempted to try and win the heart of this man from Earth."
"I have no regrets for my life, save one. I wish now that I had voluntarily agreed to come on this quest. May your heart dictate to you a positive decision in answer to my request. I have resigned myself to my death, it is inevitable, and I have no qualms about going. Good luck to you. Should you see the others in the group please give them my love and best wishes. Tell Camran not to despair and never give up. His cause is worthy and will benefit all the people in the entire world."
The letter was signed by Ve-Kim. Camran's eyes were watery with emotion as he handed the letter back to Ve-Nah.
"May I have the honor of joining you and the others in your hunt for the bridge?" asked Ve-Nah, as she accepted the letter from Camran's outstretched hand.
Camran breathed a deep sigh, walked to the door, and called the others into the room. When they were all present, he told them about Ve-Kim's letter, that Ve-Nah had asked to join the quest in her place. He also said he didn't want to put Ve-Nah's life in jeopardy needlessly. Camran retrieved the letter from Ve-Nah and passed it around for each of the members to read before deciding what to do regarding Ve-Nah. He wanted them all to vote on whether she should be allowed to come with them.
The vote was unanimous. They all voted for Ve-Nah to take Ve-Kim's place. Each commented it was Ve-Kim's wishes and who were they to question a dying women's request.
That settled, during the following two days Camran quickly recovered. They made plans to depart from Pacific. With Ve-Kim's undying spirit behind him, his outlook received a tremendous boost. Still, he missed her with all his heart.
Chapter 25

They slipped out of the inn under cover of darkness. There were still several hours left until daylight. The guards had been paid to stand watch for the remainder of the night and following day making it appear as though nothing had changed, and the group was still inside the inn. Bran was counting on the possibility that whoever would be watching wouldn't pay that much attention to the comings and goings of the inn until there was a noticeable change in the status of the guards.
They made their way out of town toward the north. Just before daybreak they changed direction to the east. Well into the morning they reached and stopped at a large river, named the Amazon by the people from Earth. Here the river was wide and slow. It was not navigable by ships from the sea, due to the shallow mud flats at its mouth, as well as in several other places upriver. The seven considered it perfect for their needs.
They intended to construct a rough raft and pole upriver as far as possible. Although ships were unable to navigate the shallow water, small boats were able to negotiate upstream for many miles.
Camran could see why this river had been named the Amazon, although there really was no comparison to the one on Earth, it did have some similarities. It was very wide in places, as was the Amazon, but it smelled of river mud and rotten vegetation. Looking at all the trees and brush lining the river one was also reminded of the jungle vegetation along the Amazon River in South America.
They rested on the riverbank while Bran and Twil scouted the area and established the best place for them to work and watch for unwanted visitors. They located what they believed to be an ideal spot about a half mile upriver. A jetty of land extended out into the river about one hundred yards. The piece of land was covered with small young trees. From the way it looked the peninsula was probably a newly formed creation of the river. On the north side of the jetty was another stream, deep at that point and wide enough to present an obstacle to anyone wishing to make a fast crossing. It presented as safe a place as they were going to find out in the wilderness.
They set up camp and began the arduous task of constructing a raft large enough to carry them all and their provisions. Experience on the small boat between Val and Statmer had taught them how valuable it was to have a place of shelter when on the water. As a result of that experience they also planned a small covered portion in the center of the raft, large enough for all of them to squeeze into, should that become necessary.
Bran and Druc began cutting down trees with the stone ax they had brought along for that purpose, while Uri used his will power to blast off the branches. It gave him practice while accomplishing something useful for them all. His power was growing in strength with each passing week. Twil and Ve-Nah stood guard, as Camran and Gena dragged the fallen and clean logs down to the river's edge for assembly into a raft. By the end of the day they had gathered enough logs to complete the raft and decided to stop until the next morning. Then they would begin assembly.
Bran went fishing with Druc while the others went about readying the camp for the night. It didn't take long for Bran to catch a sizable fish. When he got it on shore, with Druc's help, they looked in disgust at what they had caught. The fish was deformed and had tumor like growths on its head. Near the tail it appeared as though the thing was rotting. The skin was covered with a pus like substance. It also smelled. Bran and Druc killed it and buried it in the sand, both having lost their appetite for fish that evening. Bran swore he would never fish again in this river if that was what lived in it. Druc said it was probably because of all the mud and unclean water at that spot along the river.
The next morning, they rose early, ate a cold breakfast of fruit and nuts and then began strapping the raft together. They used an assortment of rope and vine from some of the local plants to lash it together. In the center they constructed a shelter out of poles in the form of a pup tent. On two sides they constructed low benches. By mid day they were through. The raft was sturdy and already hung slightly out over the water. Even so it still took all their efforts to move the awkward thing into the river from where it sat and get it tied down.
After a brief rest they loaded all their things and climbed aboard. They had opted for the raft instead of walking for a couple of reasons. One, the animals where starting to become more of a problem all over the lower elevations. There was no doubt they would run into some if they had decided to walk. Eventually they would have to face them anyway once they left the raft, but for the time being the raft would provide some protection from the growing unrest among the animals. The other main reason was to save their energy for the long hike and climb that confronted them once they left their newly constructed craft. They were going to have to go up into the mountains in a few days time. It was there strength would be needed. Also, they didn't think there would be any loss of time by using the raft. Some of the brush in this area was so thick it required a lot of work to get through or go around it. With the raft they would have easy going for at least the first couple of days.
Two of them at a time took turns poling upriver. The water was so still it was more like a very shallow lake than a river. Uri and Druc pushed off from the bank and found the poling was actually fairly easy. The raft was surprisingly sturdy for the quick and crude construction. In no time they figured out the easiest and quickest way to work the raft up stream. Gradually they poled their way toward the looming mountains in the distance.
Along the river the vegetation varied from a sparse brush to a thick jungle growth. They were glad they didn't have to force their way through some of those areas and began to dread the time when they would have to abandon the raft and start walking. By that time, they hoped the terrain had changed for the better.
That night they poled over to the opposite shore from the one they had departed. There they found a small island some thirty or so yards away from the riverbank. A camp was set up and Bran and Gena went about fixing a hot meal. Their overall mood was the best it had been in days. Camran was feeling better and it didn't go unnoticed by him that Ve-Nah was pulling her load. She worked exceptionally hard, trying to do her part to fill the gap left by Ve-Kim’s sudden death. They felt fairly secure on this small piece of land sitting up in the river; nevertheless, they kept a sharp lookout for anything suspicious.
That night after dinner Camran and the others took time to explain to Ve-Nah what their intentions were, since she had not been present when they were discussing the Oracle at the Ruler's estate. She also hadn't asked any questions. They read to her the part about the mountain peak and the eagle, where the first key was supposed to be located. Again, they spent time reflecting on possible meanings of that passage. Each of them, in turn, offered their thoughts on the interpretation and implication of that section. Camran explained they would keep traveling toward the mountains and then would turn southeast, until they were north of the winds coming out of the Sea of Turmoil. Even though the Sea of Turmoil lay more to the east, the wind generated in that area started more west of the sea and blew from south to north.
Bran went on to explain that they decided not to take a ship any farther than Pacific so they would be able to keep some way of maintaining a little secrecy from the Guardians. He and Gena thought this route, even though it was more inconvenient in some ways, was better than being under the constant threat of an ambush. They also thought they would be able to locate the mountain peak, referred to in the Oracle, from some point along this trek, north of the Sea of Turmoil.
Morning came and at first light they were off in the crude raft. Twil and Gena poled first while Ve-Nah manned the tiller. The weather had been visibly cooler the past few days. For the most part it had gone unnoticed, engaged as they had been in their heavy work of constructing the raft. The chill in the morning air was very noticeable now, causing them to dress warmer.
The going was slow, but steady, as they made their way up the river. Along about midday they stopped at another small island to relax for a short time, and to fix a bite to eat. The wind had come up and the going was more difficult than the previous day.
An hour or so after they departed the wind slowed to a strong breeze and once more their speed and ease of travel picked up. They hadn't gone very far when Twil called out to Bran, who was poling, that there were several logs drifting down river toward them and to be careful. Bran saw what Twil was pointing toward and called to Camran, who was at the till, to take them farther out into the river. They had been staying close to shore, remembering the hard rainstorm they had been caught in near Val. Camran complied, and the raft gradually worked its way farther out into the slow-moving water.
"That's funny," said Twil, still looking upriver. "Those logs are still drifting toward us. They have also moved farther out into the river."
That last statement caught Uri's attention. He stood up and looked where Twil pointed. Sure enough the logs where continuing to head directly toward them.
"Turn the raft back toward the shore," called out Uri.
Camran immediately pulled hard on the till. The logs changed course also. They were coming closer by the minute.
"It has to be something alive," stated Gena, as she stood looking upriver with the rest of her companions. All were on their feet trying to determine what floated down the river toward them.
It didn't take long to find out. The river started to boil with movement as six to ten snakelike creatures converged on the raft. They were some twelve to fifteen feet long, approximately twelve to eighteen inches in diameter, and had an alligator type snout, although not quite as long. As the creatures drew closer, they were able to see they looked more like worms than snakes. They also had numerous small webbed feet that enabled them to maneuver with ease in the water, as well as walk on land.
Twil had his crossbow out. He fired an arrow into the side of one of the worm-like things. It sank in deep, but nothing happened. The creature didn't even slow down or change its course. It reached the raft and began to climb on board, using its small webbed feet to gain purchase. Bran severed its head with one powerful stroke of his sword.
During the same instant Bran completed his swing, one of the creature's heads exploded from the concentrated focused will of Uri. All the members of the group took notice that the only way to kill these things was by severing their heads. Ve-Nah got off a shot with her crossbow, barely missing one of the worm's heads, the arrow lodged in the neck region instead. It kept on coming. As she reloaded her crossbow, Druc killed it with his sword.
While the others were defending the raft, Camran maintained the till and steadily held a course for the east bank of the river.
Another one of the worms exploded. Apparently, it took a lot of will power to accomplish the feat of killing one of these things. There was quite a bit of time in between each explosion, as Uri refocused and redirected his will. Twil shot an arrow into the open mouth of one of the worms. The point pierced through the roof of its mouth and entered the brain. It shivered for several seconds and then stopped its forward movement.
Bran yelled out in pain as one of the creatures grabbed his leg with its powerful jaws. Druc fell on the creature's head with a long dagger and began to repeatedly stab it through the top of the head. Finally, it released Bran from its grip. A small chunk of muscle was missing from his calf, where the creature's powerful jaws had taken hold. Bright red blood streamed down Bran's leg and onto the raft deck.
Meanwhile, Uri and Twil were dispatching the remaining worms, with an occasional direct hit from either Gena or Ve-Nah's crossbow. The last one Bran himself eliminated with a forceful swing of his two-edged sword, twice for good measure.
The raft reached the bank and Ve-Nah and Druc jumped out to anchor it down. Gena was tending to Bran's wound with Twil's aid. The Mercurians excelled in medical training since they created most of the medications used in this world.
The wound wasn't as bad as first thought. A small portion of the muscle had been bitten out of his calf, but Twil expected it would heal cleanly.
"Did you see that thing spit your leg out when he got a taste of you?" asked Twil of Bran, as he wrapped his leg to stop the bleeding. While Bran glared at Twil, Twil continued. "Of course, he may not have spit it out; it was probably what killed him!" With that comment Bran's face broke out in a huge grin. The others joined in laughing and soon the tension began to ease.
It was still early afternoon, after a rest and quick bite to eat they started upriver once more, this time all eyes were watching out for more of the worms. But they had no more trouble the rest of that day or for the following two days as they gradually made their way north toward the mountains.
But the going was becoming more difficult. The slow meandering river picked up speed as they entered the more rolling terrain. It had also cleared up considerably. The waters were now clear, and the air smelled fresh. They could see the bottom of the river in most places now.
Finally, they gave up fighting the swift current and decided they were as far north as the raft would be able to take them. They were no longer gaining much headway, so decided to stop for the night and head out to the southeast by foot the following morning. They needed to locate the inlet to their east and skirt around it.
The day after the worm attack, Bran's leg was swollen to nearly twice its size. There was a lot of unvoiced concern as to whether he would be able to travel when they began to walk. But by the time they stopped their upriver trek with the raft four days later, the swelling had almost disappeared, and Bran stated he was well enough to begin hiking with the rest of them.
Each night they had been stopping on the east bank of the river and setting up a continuous two person guard the entire time they were ashore. That last night was no different. They set up camp and retired early, looking forward to walking instead of poling for a change. They were not looking forward to whatever animals might be ahead of them, waiting in the woods and hills to the southeast.
Chapter 26

In the days following the attack from the worms the group slowly progressed southeast, staying in the foothills along the inlet. Bran's leg healed nicely; however, the first couple of days were rough on him. The swelling returned when they began walking and he had to stop often to rest. He didn't complain and did his best to keep up with the others. Gena tended and waited on him as though she were his personal nurse.
The terrain was difficult. The foothills extended right down to the sea's inlet. At times they were forced hours out of their way because of a section of inlet that protruded deep into the hillside. The going was tiring as well. The constant up and down of the hills; some covered in brush so thick they had to seek alternate routes through or around it. Sections of the way were buried deep in fallen leaves, presenting an impassable obstacle for which they had no alternative but to detour miles out of their way in order to circumvent the blockage. They kept telling themselves it was worth the effort of not going by ship closer to their destination. It was true they had not seen any of the Guardians and so far, rarely had they seen any animals. And they were grateful that none had attacked them since leaving the river.
Ve-Nah said little as they walked through the maze of brush and forest each day. Camran wasn't sure whether she hated herself for coming in the first place or whether she was just naturally a quiet person. In any event she kept to herself, but she never failed to do her share of contributing to the daily workload.
Day after day they continued toward the southeast. Approximately two weeks after leaving the river they arrived at a large forested plateau. To the south of the plateau was a steep rocky hill. No trees grew on the hill; it was just a steep pile of dull gray rock. They could see it sticking up through the tree branches for miles before they got near it. Twil suggested as soon as they saw it that they should climb to the top and view the mountains and surrounding terrain. The closer they approached the hill the stronger the winds became. They began as strong breezes and as they traveled farther south gradually changed to steady and stronger winds. By the time they reached the rock hill the wind was a strong steady gale.
Climbing the steep pile of rocks was no easy task. The lower part wasn't so bad because they were below the tops of the trees, which helped block the main force of the winds. But after a while, as they climbed higher, the rock became slicker and the hill steeper in places, not to mention the role the wind played once they climbed higher than the trees. Large sheets of rock were thrust up at angles in such a way they could find no way to climb around or above them. They would have to retreat down, then circle around one way or the other to find another way up. Several times they had to haul each other up ropes to get past sheer drop offs. They arrived at the base of the hill late that morning, but it was late afternoon before they made it all the way to the top.
On the north side, about thirty to forty feet from the top, was an overhanging ledge where they set up camp. The ledge was somewhat protected from the force of the winds. The noise was a different story. The wind whipped over and around the hill making all sorts of sounds. It swirled around and through the large pieces of rock composing the high mound. They thought it best to spend the night up near the top of the rock pile rather than try to descend back down to the relative calm beneath the trees and get caught by darkness in the process. After negotiating the long climb all seven wanted to see the view from the summit. The last part of the ascent was without their equipment on their backs. That alone made the climbing easier. The winds were the most difficult part of the final climb to the top, where they were completely exposed to its full fury.
From the peak the view was unobstructed and tremendous. Even though daylight was starting to slip away there was still ample light to see. They would return in the morning when the lighting was better to get their bearings and make plans. For that evening they just enjoyed the beauty of the view. Hunkered down in their warm coats they sat and watched the darkness slowly creep over the land, then climbed back down to the ledge to fix a meal and get some sleep.
The next morning, they ate a cold breakfast and returned to the top of the hill. There was nothing to burn during the night, so they didn’t have a warm fire or hot meals. It was a chilly night, and all were grateful to see daylight arrive, and warmer temperatures.
Majestically looming above, them were two mountain peaks to the north of their position. There was one in the east and one in the west. The one in the west was quite some distance to the north. Both mountains were snow capped and the one in the east seemed to radiate from the snowpack on its western side. Just below the snow level on the west side of the mountain was a saddle tucked in between it and another smaller mountain. That had to be the pass they were trying to find. So far, the snow had not dropped as low as the pass, but it wouldn't be long before it too would be covered in deep snow, and then impassable until spring.
Buoyed by the view and of locating the pass so easily, they descended to the camp and packed their gear. The pass was a long way off. It was also quite a climb up to that elevation. It had to be several thousand feet above the level of the plateau and their current position. They slowly descended the rocky hill and set out in the direction of the pass; hopeful they would be able to cross over before the snow dropped any lower in the mountains.
Chapter 27

The temperature dropped drastically at the higher elevations compared to the plateau they had just finished traveling across. They were all wearing the warmest clothes they had brought with them. Most of them had the hoods up on their parkas and a knit cap on their head as well. The wind was relentless, the howling never-ending. Even as warm as they were dressed the wind knifed through their clothing, chilling them to the bone.
It had been several days since they climbed down from the rock pile, as they referred to it. The seven companions now stood on a ridge overlooking the plateau and far beyond. They could see the pile of rocks in the distance as they looked out over the land below. Camran stood transfixed by the violent nature of what he witnessed out in the sea. It was rightfully named the Sea of Turmoil, he thought, using the binoculars to get a better look at the violent motion of the water.
The seas were sending huge waves in all directions, crashing against each other at various angles. Where the turbulent water came together great geysers shot high into the air. Beyond the Sea of Turmoil Camran could see the Island Fracture. It was every bit as impressive as the first time he had seen it while standing high up on the mountain on the Isle of Flowers.
They rested on the ridge before continuing their trek into and across the pass. They tried to eat but soon tired of the constant wind and cold and decided to begin their hike into the mountains, where there was bound to be some shelter from the wind.
From the pile of rocks south of the plateau the pass looked easy to cross. As it turned out that was not the case. The way ahead was strewn with large boulders, splintered trees and dead branches, along with deep gullies caused by the spring snow melt off each year. It was slow going and the possibility of an accident was always before them. As a result, they took extra precaution in any area that was expressly dangerous.
Bran had another concern as well. Although they didn't think the Guardians knew where they were, this was an ideal place for an ambush. The pass was filled with hiding places, such as caves and crevices, and in many areas, they were unable to see more than a few yards in front of them due to the boulders and debris blocking the passage. In some places the going was very narrow because they had to make their way along the bottom of deep crevices. There was no level or easy ground to walk on. Bran and Twil alternated taking turns scouting ahead for any sign of trouble or danger.
They were also concerned about the reality of wild animals lurking around the next bend or crouched down behind a large boulder in front of them. And there was always the possibility of simply having an accident in the rough terrain. One frightening moment came when Gena nearly slipped off a tree trunk they had been crossing, which had fallen across a wide deep crevice. A particularly strong gust of wind came up just as she reached the middle of the fallen log and she was barely able to maintain her balance. She kept herself from falling at the last possible moment. The fall would have meant certain death from the height she was suspended above the rocks below.
Their first night in the pass they found a cave that extended some fifteen yards or so back into the rock. It was located on a wide ledge, a dozen feet above the floor of the ravine they had been walking through. A rocky ramp sloped down from the ledge, so the entrance had easy access from the floor of the gully.
The opening into the cave was only slightly higher than Bran but it was a dozen feet wide. It offered a perfect spot to start a fire and keep the whole cave safe and warm. There was plenty of dry wood nearby for them to gather. There had to have been some terrific lightening storms in these mountains from the way it looked. Camran noted trees several hundred feet high charred to some degree, while still alive, others looked like they had been victims of a bombing raid. The splintered and charred remains of some of these massive trees were testimony to the power of the lightening that had hit them. Branches and splintered pieces of the trees were scattered all over the floor of the pass.
A large pile of wood was collected for the night and soon they had a roaring fire going. The cave began to warm up in no time. Ve-Nah went about cleaning up the interior with Druc's help, while Bran and Gena began dinner. Uri stood watch at the cave entrance as Camran and Twil scouted the surrounding area.
When Camran and Twil returned the cave had been transformed into a cozy camp. The bed rolls were laid out on soft stretched leaves, hot tea had been made, and the cave had warmed up to a comfortable temperature. They were able to remove their heavy coats and spend the evening in comfort. After a dinner of vegetable stew and warm bread, they discussed the meaning of the part of the passage in the Oracle relating to the eagle and the talon. No one could come up with a logical explanation for that section. No one had seen a bird of any kind since beginning the journey. Gena, using the logic for which she and the Juptarians were famous, said they would probably recognize the eagle when they saw it, whatever and wherever it was located.
With seven of them they were able to rotate the watch in such a way that all members were able to get a full night of sleep, with just a minor interruption. The watches weren't long, so they were also able to provide full attention during the time they were on duty, without fear of falling asleep.
The night passed uneventfully, even though just before daybreak Gena thought she heard a screeching sound in the distance. It was so faint she couldn't be sure. In any event it was so far away there was no concern attached to the matter. They were all aware there were animals in these mountains. They had been lucky so far and hadn't had any confrontations with any.
The next morning was colder than the day before, but the wind was barely blowing. It was the first time in days the wind was that calm, a welcome change to them all.
The cave was so comfortable they were all reluctant to leave after breakfast. Again, they dressed warm, putting on their thick gloves as well. Bran put the fire out and they left the cave, continuing up the same ravine in which they had been traveling the evening before.
As cold as it was, they should have suspected there was something wrong with the weather. They hadn't walked more than a hundred yards when the first snowflakes began to fall. Camran looked in wonder at the patterns. The flakes were soft and about two feet across. Two feet across, thought Camran in awe! They were truly beautiful and amazing.
It only took a few seconds for them to realize what would happen to them if the snow fell for any length of time, especially with the size of the flakes. They would all be buried. Quickly they returned to the cave they had used the previous night. Bran restarted the fire, which was still warm from when they left earlier. Fortunately, it was located under a small ledge protruding out from above the entrance to the cave, so the fire was out of the weather. Just one of the large snowflakes landing on the flames could probably put out the fire by itself.
While Bran got the fire restarted, the remainder of the companions dropped their gear in the cave and scrambled to get as much wood as possible, before the snow got too deep. At first the snowflakes melted soon after they landed on the ground. That changed in a short time and most flakes began to stick. In less than an hour there was nearly two feet of snow already on the ground. It wasn't even snowing that hard, but the size of the flakes amounted to a lot of snow compared to the physical size of people.
They continued to gather wood until they could no longer easily negotiate the walk down the short ramp to the floor of the ravine. So much wood had been hauled into the cave they began to pile it outside the entrance, out on the ledge. With all of them working as hard and fast as they could the ledge also began to pile high in logs and branches. By the time they had to stop they were satisfied they had gathered a enough wood to last several days if need be. As the snow began to pile up at the opening, the fire didn't need to be as large to keep the cave nice and warm.
The snow quickly created a wall around the cave entrance. They took turns shoving it off of the ledge and onto the ravine floor, until it began to snow so hard there was no way to keep up with it. In minutes three to four feet fell, rapidly piling up in the gully outside. But soon the heavy snowfall returned, once more, to a constant light snow.
The rest of the day it snowed off and on; mostly on. The seven took turns at snow detail, as they called it. Two of them would shove and push the snow out into the ravine until they got the wall of snow back down to around four or five feet high. When it built up again to a height of six or seven feet two others would work on it for awhile. During the times the snow came down the hardest they would all scramble to keep up with it as best as possible. They left the four-foot-high wall in place as insulation for the cave entrance. That way the fire could be kept low and enable them to conserve wood.
The excitement of experiencing the first snowfall of the year changed to an attitude of anxiety, as they realized they would not be able to leave the cave until the snow melted. If this was the beginning of the snow season, rather than a freak storm, they were stuck right where they were for the winter. At best they had only enough food for three to four weeks. If the snow lasted too long, they would have no alternative but to try and retrace their steps back down to the plateau. That might still be possible, even with the deep snow, since they had only traveled most of one day inside the pass.
By the middle of the afternoon the snow in the ravine had reached the same height as the wall they had left on the ledge. That meant the snow had to be around sixteen feet deep just outside of the cave. And there was no sign of it letting up.
By evening it was all they could do to keep the snow from burying the cave entrance and their fire. They had created a slope out over the ravine floor by working the snow up and out over the ravine as far as they were able. Gradually they packed the snow down, compacting a large amount of the white stuff before it was able to cover the entrance to the cave.
Just as darkness began to take hold of the mountain pass the snow stopped. They had run out of alternatives on moving it anymore. It was beginning to slide down the slope they had created and into the cave. Bran worked feverishly to keep it from extinguishing his fire. When the flakes quit coming down, they made one last, all out, effort to clear enough area of snow so that it wouldn't come cascading down into the cave during the night. The snow had reached an incredible height of twenty to twenty-five feet in a matter of hours!
The temperature dropped even more when the snow quit falling, however, the cave was cozy and warm, and they had lots of firewood for the time being. They were in no immediate danger if it didn't start snowing again soon.
Their luck held during the night. It didn't snow anymore; in fact, the temperature began to warm. By morning the snow had settled to no more than fifteen feet. There was a high bank in front of the cave from all the packing and shoving of snow they had done the day before, but the level in the ravine itself had settled quite a bit.
Their mood brightened when they saw it had not snowed anymore during the night, especially since the temperature had gone up so much from the day before. The wind picked up again but this time it was welcome because it carried a warm air mass from the plateau below up through the pass. And if they were lucky that warm air would quickly begin to melt the snow and allow them to continue their journey through the mountains in search of the eagle’s talon.
Chapter 28

They haven't been seen by anyone ever since they somehow slipped out of Pacific unseen. They haven't appeared in any other villages or I would have heard about it, he thought. He was meditating in the darkness deep below the ground.
He was consumed by the darkness of his underground world. Most of the time he wouldn't use any light at all. He would just sit in the blackness of the cavern, the one he used as his home and work area, enjoying the total absence of light.
Even though the seven had not been spotted for some time, everything else was proceeding according to schedule. In two or three months they would be able to take over Val. Preparations were long under way. Val was experiencing the hardest impact of disease and animal attacks of anywhere in the land. A victory there would enable him to control the entire interior section in the most populated area of the world.
Yes, things were going well. In fact, the efforts of the seven were little more than a nuisance at this point. They had a long way to go before they would be able to pose any real threat to his plans. And he didn’t really expect them to succeed in the long term. It wasn't a simple task to unlock the secrets of the bridge. He was doubtful they would be successful, even without interference from him. Besides, he wasn't worried about where they were. He would know immediately if they enjoyed any success.
In the darkness, kneeling on his soft rug, he lost himself in thought, working on additional plans to thwart the efforts of the seven adventurers, should events take an unexpected turn in their favor.
Chapter 29

Three days later they were still huddled together in the cave, awaiting the snow to complete melting, hoping the temperatures would stay up and the weather hold out for a while longer. It was still early in the season to expect the cold winter-like conditions to have set in for good. There should still be several more weeks of fair weather, according to the information kept at OceanBay during the past few years. They had inspected these records prior to setting out on their trip. The weather was something they had specifically checked into before considering crossing over the pass this late in the year.
The snow was melting fast. The wind was helping a lot. It was blowing hard once again. Still, the air was warm compared to the way it was just before the storm broke. There was now less than five feet of snow left on the ground. No one would have believed it could have disappeared so fast. The temperature had increased so much it wasn't necessary for them to keep the fire going all day. At the rate the snow was melting they expected to be able to leave in another day or two.
By evening on the fourth day after the storm broke, the snow was only about a foot thick. They decided to head out at first light the following morning. It was still warm, so they expected much of the remaining snow to disappear during the night.
The next morning there was only a few inches of snow left with patches of earth showing through in places. The problem was the mud from the soggy ground. The ground had absorbed all the water it could, and everywhere they stepped they sank into the mud. It didn't dampen their spirits any. They had been cooped up in the cave for so long they needed and looked forward to the exercise. They had to be extra careful in some areas due to the slippery conditions caused by the thin layer of snow left on the rocky surfaces. There were also some chasms covered with a thin layer of snow, making it appear as though there was solid ground beneath. Instead, oftentimes, there existed a drop to certain death of over a hundred feet, or more down a narrow chasm.
All in all, it felt good to Camran to be out walking again. It didn't take long for them to get tired, however. They stopped much more often that day than they had prior to the long rest during the storm. They were also moving faster without really trying to. Each of them subconsciously wanting to leave the mountain pass before another snowstorm arrived.
Luck was with them. They continued through the pass for another week without a change in the weather, except for one afternoon of rain. When they started over the mountain, they had no idea how long it would take them to cross over this pass and descend to lower terrain, or if that was even a possibility. For all they knew they may have to stay at that elevation until they accomplished locating the first key. There were no maps of this area to guide them.
Around midday on the eighth day since leaving the cave the winds began to calm. Gradually they left them behind. The farther they went into the mountains the less the wind blew. They had long since left the narrow ravine they had been traveling through and now were in a wide canyon. The walking became easier as well.
They stopped along a small creek that crossed the canyon bottom. Bran and Uri had gone on ahead to scout out the surrounding countryside. In less than an hour the two returned. That was unusual. From the excited look on their faces the rest of the party knew they had good news. They were due some good news for a change. Just the attitude of Bran and Uri brought out smiles on the other's faces. Gena had cups of hot tea ready to hand each of them as they returned across the small creek.
Bran and Uri insisted they show the others rather than tell them what they had found. They quickly assembled their things and put their packs back on. Crossing the creek, they hurried after Bran and Uri who already had a small lead over the others in their anxiety to show off their find.
Before they had traveled a mile, they were able to see ahead to where the canyon walls appeared to flare out wider and then abruptly end. They had finally reached the end of the pass. As they neared the wide opening, they had not expected the sight that greeted them. The view reminded Camran of the Swiss Alps. Majestic snow-covered mountain peaks with sheer drop offs down into picturesque valleys lay before them. It was breathtaking, to say the least.
Below them was a scene right out of a movie," thought Camran. A large green valley filled with lakes and rivers lay several thousand feet below them. It seemed more like a picture than it did a real place. This valley was not completely forested, as had been the case everywhere else they had traveled so far. There were large areas of grass and wildflowers. Not high grass either, but normal height grass; grass that didn't exceed the tops of their boots. The trees were also normal size compared to the ones elsewhere on the Isle. They were taller than the one's on Earth that Camran was used to, but not by too much. The whole scene was a welcome sight. If Camran didn’t know better, he would have thought he was back on Earth taking a hike in the mountains there.
While overlooking the valley Camran scanned toward the west with his binoculars to see if he could find any signs of the eagle mentioned in the Oracle. He passed the glasses around, but no one saw anything that could remotely be related to an eagle.
They had made it! They were through the mountains and no longer had to concern themselves with the threat of snow.
Without hesitation they began making their way down the steep terrain to the valley below. The walking was difficult in places due to the steepness of the grassy slopes. More than once each of them slipped a little and then slid a way down one of the hills. Fortunately, no one was injured.
The rest of the day and half of the next they continued working their way down into the valley. The temperature warmed up considerably the lower they went in elevation. By the time they reached the valley floor they had shed themselves of their coats and heavy clothing. It was not only warm, but they were tired from pushing the walk the past few days, dreading the possibility they might be caught in another snowstorm. They dropped their packs on the edge of a grass clearing and set up camp near a swift moving river that ran along its border. It was only early afternoon, but they needed a rest. They also needed some time to discuss plans for their next move. So, they elected to stop for the remainder of that day and night.
They all took turns bathing in the river. There was a small cove just up from where they made camp that made a perfect spot for bathing. The water was shallow and slow moving in that area. None of them had taken a bath for a couple of weeks, although they washed whenever the opportunity permitted. The cold of the mountain pass and the snow had given them a good excuse to stay dressed in recent days.
After cleaning up Bran and Druc went fishing for dinner. It was obvious the result of their last fishing attempt was heavy on their minds. The two friends sat on the riverbank hoping they wouldn't catch anything for a while, so they could just sit there and enjoy the fishing. That isn't what happened, however. In minutes, they both had hooked onto a fish. Neither thought they had anything on their line because their poles barely bent. Druc thought he had snagged something on the bottom, until he started to pull his line out of the water. Then, whatever was on his hook began to fight back. So did the one Bran had attached to the end of his line. Druc got his catch in first, Bran landed his shortly thereafter.
When he saw what he had caught, he didn't know whether to be delighted, or sad. It was a fish all right, a beautiful fish that looked like a northern trout, but it was only two feet long. Bran's was the same, though a little smaller.
Twil started making jokes about them being too scared to catch anything but bite sized fish. The truth was they were all excited as they crowded around to look. They hadn't seen any fish that small since they arrived. These, for some reason, looked better and healthier to eat than anything they had seen anywhere. Bran and Druc caught another one apiece, so they ended up with more than enough for a feast for dinner.
The fish were sweet, and everyone commented that they were the best fish any of them had ever eaten. They hadn't eaten any fresh food for a couple of weeks, so this meal was a real treat. Along with the fish they had berries with their meal. Gena and Ve-Nah had discovered some berry bushes along the riverbank. These berries were very rare along the coast but seemed plentiful here. Gena said there were more in this one spot along the river than she had seen all together since they began their travels.
These berries were also bigger than the ones along the coast. They were about the size of a small fist, and had the same shape as a strawberry, but were blue in color. Nor did they taste like any berry Camran had ever tasted. They were infinitely sweet and yet had a tart aftertaste to them. A flavor all their own. In fact, it was the best tasting berry Camran had ever put in his mouth. Because of their size they only had to eat a couple of them to become full. It was especially nice not to have to pick handfuls in order to have enough to go around.
All in all, it was the best dinner they had eaten in a long time. Stuffed, they sat around the fire chatting until late in the evening. They knew they had to head west through the valley, but still had no idea about the eagle, what it was or what else might be up ahead of them in this enchanted valley.
Something had been nagging Camran ever since they set foot in the valley, yet he wasn't able to put his finger on it. As he lay there trying to go to sleep it came to him. They hadn't seen or heard any animals since arriving here. That didn't make any sense. In the mountains was where animals where known to be. That was why man didn't venture too far outside of their settlements. It was also why most of the Isle was unexplored. As he drifted off to sleep, he knew there must be some logical explanation, but he couldn’t put his finger on it before his consciousness moved on into the world of dreams.
Chapter 30

The next morning dawned bright and warm. Camran awakened to the smell of fish cooking over the open fire. Apparently, Bran and Druc had gotten up early and caught three fish for everyone's breakfast. They all enjoyed it so much the night before; none of them expected it to taste just as good that morning. They were all pleasantly surprised when it did.
The mood was high as they sat around and ate. They all commented on how well they slept during the night. The breakfast of fish and berries made the morning seem special.
After eating, Gena and Ve-Nah went to pick berries to take with them. Twil left with Druc to scout ahead in the direction they would be traveling.
An hour after breakfast they walked out of the campsite toward the west, staying in the grass for as far as possible. The grass was a welcome change from all the forest and rock they had encountered so far on the journey.
The grass in this valley was basically green, though in had other colors mixed in as well. In some sections the other colors dominated and there the travelers saw various hues of yellows, reds and even some blues.
Wildflowers grew abundantly across all the fields and meadows, speckling the grass with lots of bright color. Most of the flowers were small and in some of the flower rich areas the effect was that of a large brightly colored woven carpet, gently moving in the breeze.
Not too long after they started out, Twil and Druc returned to inform them about a large river not too far ahead they would have to ford. The river was too wide and deep to wade, so they would have to build a small raft and float across. A short time later they arrived at the river and saw what Twil and Druc had meant. It didn't look too difficult, just a little extra work.
The river wasn't wide at the site they had chosen. It was just too wide to safely cross without something to float on. The danger of losing some of their provisions was too great a risk to chance without a raft. Immediately they set about building one. This raft wouldn’t be anything like the one they had built to pole up the Amazon. Instead, it would be small and accommodate only four of them at a time. They planned on making two trips. Twil being the smallest and lightest, he would pilot the raft on both crossings, bringing it back across the river for the second group.
In no time they had a crude raft put together and the first group began their crossing. It went without a hitch. Twil brought the raft back for the others and they likewise made the crossing without problem. They left the raft up on the bank in case they needed it to re-cross this river on the return trip.
Three times during the following four days they had to do the same thing, build a small raft to cross a river. There were several of them crossing through the valley. The rivers were probably heightened with all the recent snow melt up in the mountains from the storm they had encountered while in the pass. Other than the inconvenience building a raft entailed, the days were uneventful, and they made good time walking in the valley. For the most part the terrain was fairly level and the grass made for easy going, compared to the forest or the pass they had just finished crossing.
Each night they stopped near a river or large stream. Bran and Druc would go fishing as soon as they got settled and catch fish for their evening meal. The women discovered the delicious berries grew all over the valley, on the edges of the woods as well as along the riverbanks. Each night they experimented with different ways to fix the fish. It became a daily contest as to who could concoct the best fish and berry dish in the group. But most days Bran and Gena did the evening cooking. They both seemed to like doing so. Each night they ate fish fixed a different way and each one seemed at least as tasty as the one the previous day.
In addition to the berries and fish, Twil supplied a variety of wild vegetables throughout their trek across the valley. During the time he spent with his people on the lake bottom in Mert he learned about the various plants and wild vegetables that grew in this world. He not only learned the different roots, berries, fruit and wild vegetables that were edible, but also which plants and roots had a medicinal use as well. He was a tremendous help to them all now, enabling them to have fresh vegetables and stews with the fish and berries. Some of the things Twil picked were so good that during the day Camran would hope he would be able to find more of the same for their evening meal.
As the days passed, Twil taught them all how to locate and spot certain edible plants and fruits, as well as some of the plants and roots that could be used as medicines.
The valley was beautiful, and they still hadn't seen or heard any animals. Late in the afternoon, several days after they had started out across the valley, they discovered why.
There was no noise to warn them. The first indication of trouble was when Gena cried out in pain. She had been walking at the rear of the column as they crossed a large grassy meadow, approaching a river. When she yelled, they all turned to see a huge prehistoric looking bird lifting her in its large talons. The bird had a grasp around her from behind. Fortunately, the backpack she was wearing helped protect her from being crushed.
As usual, Twil was the first to act. He had his crossbow out and loaded before anyone else even had time to think about doing the same. He fired a shot, striking the bird in the neck. As he pulled the trigger, Twil was hoping the arrow would pierce the bird's skin and not bounce off, as it did with the tiger-like animal. To Twil's relief the arrow sank deeply into the bird's leathery looking flesh.
The bird let out a loud squawking noise but continued to lift Gena and fly off. Twil quickly loaded and fired a second arrow, this time hitting the bird in the wing. It didn't seem to affect the bird at all, except to heighten his squawking. Twil hurriedly loaded another arrow in his crossbow, but by then the bird was moving too far away to safely get off another shot, without taking the chance of hitting Gena.
Gena was not idly accepting her abduction by this monster. She had withdrawn her knife from her belt and was stabbing the bird in the leg. Blood flew all over her as she relentlessly continued to stab the creature, but he still wouldn't relinquish his grip.
Before anyone else was able to fire their crossbow, it was already too late. The bird was too high and too far away. Gena was in the way of a safe shot. The bird gradually rose higher in the air and began flying out over the river. Halfway across Gena dropped from the bird’s grasp, probably the result of her own action of stabbing the bird in the leg. She landed in the quick moving water of the river. Bran was already running down river to try and save her. The bird, amidst all of its loud squawking, swooped down to retrieve its lost prey.
Gena was conscious of the possibility the bird may dive again for her. She dove under water just before the bird would have snatched her out of the river. If it hadn't been for Bran, Gena would have meant with certain disaster. While the others were concentrating on the squawking wounded bird, they failed to notice another one coming after Gena from downstream. Only Bran saw it in time to head it off. He fired his crossbow then dove in the river to see if he could grab Gena, who was just resurfacing after diving to elude the first bird. The arrow hit the second bird in the breast, causing it to call off its dive and fly upward.
Before either of the birds could make another pass at Gena the others had arrived at Bran's side, careful to watch out for one another in the event the birds decided to go for one of them.
Just after Bran jumped into the river to save Gena her head went underwater for the second time. This time there were no birds diving at her and she didn't immediately resurface. Her pack was no doubt weighing her down. After what seemed like a long time her head rose up out of the water for a moment, but then she went under again.
Both birds continued to circle high above them, but for the time being left them alone. Camran could now understand why there were no other animals in this valley. It was the exclusive territory of the two birds. They no doubt kept it clean of anything large enough for them to eat.
Bran reached the middle of the river, in line with where Gena should have been by that time. But there was no sign of her anywhere. Bran dove under the water frantically searching for her.
The others stood anxiously waiting for Bran to resurface. He was under a long time. "There he is!" shouted Twil, above the noise of the river, jumping in to help his friend drag Gena's limp body to shore. Twil reached them and took one side of Gena until they made it to the awaiting arms of the others on shore.
Gena still had her backpack strapped to her back as they lifted her from the water and laid her onto the grass. She started coughing as soon as they rolled her over onto her stomach. She coughed up a lot of water at first but soon began breathing normally. She had an ugly gash across the upper back part of her left arm, where the bird's talon had cut into her. Her bluish blood was all over Bran’s face as he knelt beside her, chest heaving from the exertion. In addition to her blood, she had some of the bird's red blood in her hair and on her face, which Bran gently wiped away.
"She'll be okay," Twil consoled, as he placed his small hand on Bran's muscular shoulder.
Twil and Ve-Nah cleaned and bandaged Gena's arm while the others watched the birds circle. They were huge. The wingspan on each of them must have exceeded twenty-five feet. Occasionally one would drop down closer to them, but they stayed well out of the crossbow's firing range. 
"Didn't know I could fly, did you?" joked Gena, as she touched Bran's hand. Her touch saying all that was needed to be said between them. “I’m okay now.”
The birds finally quit circling above them and flew off to the west. That was in the direction they were heading. They knew then that they hadn't seen the last of them yet.
On the north side of the valley was a sheer rock wall, approximately one half of a mile long, at least from what they could see of it. It appeared to afford the best opportunity for shelter from the birds and to find Gena a safe place to recuperate from the ordeal she had just been through. There was still a lot of daylight left and it would probably only take an hour to an hour and a half to reach the wall. There they might find a cave or ledge that would offer enough of a shelter for the rest of the day and hopefully for the night.
Gena said she was okay, but it was obvious she was weak and shaken. She needed to stop and rest. The cut looked pretty nasty. The others needed time to think out what they would have to do to rid themselves of their newest enemy, the birds.
Gena did fine most of the walk to the rock wall; however, Bran did have to carry her during the last part of the walk. She was weaker than she had believed. It took almost two hours for them to reach the wall. But just as they had hoped, they found a small cave right away that was large enough for all of them to fit into. It wasn't as large as the one they had occupied during the snowstorm, but for the time being it would do just fine.
Bran re-bandaged Gena's arm when they got her set up on a makeshift bed. The movement of walking had restarted the bleeding. Twil made a tea for her that put her to sleep in a few minutes. While Gena was being attended to, Druc and Uri were outside making plans to deal with the birds. It was also obvious the birds were not going to leave them alone. The group had invaded their valley, not to mention each of them would make a nice meal for the flying creatures. The birds flew by their position several times during the remainder of the afternoon, but never coming close enough to cause them any undue concern.
Darkness came and with it the birds ceased to be a problem. The seven adventurers were safe inside the cave. Uri and Druc took turns watching the area around the cave opening. Gena slept through the night without waking.
Morning came and Gena awakened with a fever and an arm that was swollen to almost twice its size. Twil mixed up something for her from some things he carried in his pack. Gena drank it and soon went back to sleep. Bran tended to her every minute; concern etched on his rugged face. They stayed in or near the cave throughout that day. There was no sign of the birds the entire time.
During the night Bran finally fell asleep, sitting against the cave wall next to Gena. Ve-Nah quietly rose to change Gena's bandage. In the firelight Gena's arm looked worse than ever. Ve-Nah gently washed the wound with a clean cloth, while Gena stirred beneath the effects of the sleeping potion Twil had given her.
Ve-Nah had come to like Gena a lot since joining this quest. Perhaps it was because they were the only women, or perhaps it was her constant good mood and attitude toward all life and circumstances. She didn't really know why or think much about it, she just liked her. For that reason, when she finished cleansing and rewrapping the injured arm, she placed her hand on Gena's forehead and murmured a silent prayer. The firelight seemed to make her hands shimmer in soft blue light, or maybe she just imagined it. When she finished, she crawled back into her bedroll.
Chapter 31

It was still dark, with another hour or so left until daybreak. Uri was on watch and had just finished placing more wood on the fire. It wasn't all that cold but still the temperature did drop significantly during the night. The fire not only kept the cave warm; it was also kept burning to help ward off any animals that might be lurking nearby. Uri thought that unlikely due the closeness of the birds, however, none of them wanted to take any chances. The guilt they all still felt and shared over the death of their friend and companion, Ve-Kim, would probably never go away. None of them would make a mistake like that again if it was at all avoidable.
Uri decided to make the rounds one last time in the surrounding area. It would help keep him awake and give him something to do to pass the last hour of darkness. It took about three-quarters of an hour to complete the walk and about the time he finished the others would be getting up and be ready for breakfast.
"Well, are you guys going to sleep all day?" called out Gena from the fire, where she was going about fixing them all breakfast. "We are supposed to be looking for a bridge in case you've forgotten, not lying around like we're on vacation," a big grin on her face as she talked. "Of course, you'll probably blame your laziness on me or something. I don't know why, I'm ready to leave right this minute, while look at all of you, still sleeping."
Bran was the first one to wake at the sound of her voice, tripping over his big feet as he tried too soon to get up. His right leg was asleep and wouldn't cooperate. The others were sitting up looking at her through half opened eyes of surprise.
"Are you okay?" asked Twil, filled with trepidation that she was having a psychological reaction from something he had given her. He hadn't told the others, but last night he thought they might have to amputate her arm, if it had gotten any worse overnight. He had spent a very worrisome and restless night thinking about it.
"I'm fine! See for yourself," replied Gena.
Bran and Twil both had reached the fire and were looking down at her with skepticism on their faces. The arm had looked so bad the night before.
As the others crowded around, Gena held out her arm for them all to see. "How can that be," whispered Bran, as he started to touch her arm, but held back at the last second so as not to destroy the illusion or dream he must be having. The arm was perfect. The bandage was gone and there was no sign at all that anything had ever happened to the arm in the first place.
Twil was bolder. He grabbed her arm and, in his eagerness, to see all around it at once, twisted it a little too hard and fast.
"Hey, watch it! You're going to break my good arm," admonished Gena, her grin bigger than ever. "I don't know what happened or even how long we have been here. The last thing I remember is walking for what seemed like days after getting pulled out of the river. I'm fine. Really!" she added, looking up at their astonished and unbelieving faces.
Bran reached down and picked her up as though she were a child. Without her feet touching the ground he hugged her as though she had just come back from the dead. Bran had never shown this much emotion toward her before. Gena thought it felt natural to be in his arms. The others apparently thought so also for they all crowded around and joined in the hugging.
"What's going on?" called Uri, while entering the cave. Can't a working man get something to eat around here?" Uri asked, not knowing what else to say as he saw Gena standing there with tears running down her cheeks and a big grin on her face. Recognizing she was okay he walked over to her and gave her a hug as well. In doing so, apparently the excitement of the moment caused him to lose some control over his normally extremely calm demeanor. Two of the berries Gena had laid out for breakfast exploded, one of them covering Druc's hand with the sticky juices, as he was reaching for it. Druc jumped back as though bitten. Everyone erupted in laughter.
"Are you sure you are all right? Can you travel?" Bran asked.
"Yes, I'm fine. I feel better than I've felt in a long time," answered Gena, placing a loving hand on his arm.
Breakfast tasted great and shortly afterwards they were headed down the valley, all eyes constantly watching the sky, behind them as well as up ahead. They set a leisurely pace, not really trusting that Gena was completely recovered.
They had gone five or six miles when Twil hurriedly returned to the group. He had gone on ahead to scout. Immediately the others, seeing him hurry toward them, wanted to duck for cover. They expected him to tell them he had spotted the birds and that was partially true. He did spot the birds but that wasn't what he was so excited about.
"The eagle," was all Twil could get out, breathless from rushing back from his scouting trip up the valley.
They dropped their packs as they waited for Twil to regain his breath. "The eagle is up ahead about ten miles or so," continued Twil, still gasping for breath.
Twil was always in such good condition it surprised them all to see him breathing so hard and out of breath. He must have really been moving fast for quite some time, plus the excitement of the find after all these days of travel. It was a great day all the way around, what with Gena's arm healed and now the discovery of the eagle.
After a short break, they continued at a quicker pace, carefully watching for the birds. Twil hadn't seen them. He had seen their nest, not more than a couple of hundred yards from where the eagle was located.
There was a small rise a few hundred yards from the place where Twil had seen the eagle. As they reached the top, they saw the eagle for themselves. At least it passed for an eagle. It was unmistakably the eagle they were looking for. It was a large rock formation in the shape of a huge bird. A single huge talon clutched the base of the formation, enclosing a cluster of smaller rock formations. Below the talon appeared to be littered with piles of rock.
It wasn't what Camran would have referred to as an eagle, and yet it was. None of the others had ever heard of an eagle as Camran had described one in an earlier conversation. The language in this land was the same for everyone. Perhaps the word "eagle" was being read by the others in a different way, but it didn't seem to matter because each of them instantly recognized the rock formation as being descriptive of the word "eagle."
Some two hundred yards to the north, as Twil had indicated, was the bird’s nest. It was huge, probably a good twenty to thirty yards across and ten to fifteen feet deep. It sat on a rocky ledge, one to two hundred feet above the valley floor. As Twil had said earlier, the birds were nowhere to be seen. They were probably out hunting, which meant they could return at any time.
Quickly they moved to the rocks and searched for a suitable cave in which to set up camp. They figured it was more important to find shelter and safety first, even though they were all anxious to check out the area below the talon. They found a cave about a hundred yards to the south of the eagle. There was a small stream not too far south of the cave and a strand of trees nearby. The setting was ideal, except for the bird's nest being so close to their camp.
Uri and Druc had a plan regarding the birds. They were being very secretive about it. They said not to worry about the winged creatures; they would deal with them when they returned. Both Uri and Druc went off to gather wood while the others set up camp.
During their last trip to the nearby woods to gather firewood Uri called out to Druc, pointing toward the sky. Sure enough the birds had returned. In one of the bird's talons was a large animal of some sort. It was still squirming. None of the seven had seen anything edible in the animal world yet, so they all wondered what kind of animal the bird was carrying. Perhaps they just swallowed them whole and their digestive systems were such that they were able to live off things that people wouldn't think they could possibly eat.
Uri and Druc took the firewood to the cave and said they would be back as soon as possible. They asked the others to stay inside the cave until they returned. Druc said they were liable to make the birds mad with what they had planned. Neither explained as Uri grabbed a bundle from his pack, and both put a few extra arrows in their quivers. Then they left the cave with loaded crossbows in their hands.
Uri and Druc stayed under cover of the rocks as much as possible as they approached the bird's nest. Their crossbows weren't going to be very accurate at the height the nest was sitting. It was also too high for the arrow to have any penetrating power left once it got there, although the arrow would go that far, straight up, easily. With about fifty yards left to the nest they stopped to survey the area. The nest was a good one hundred and fifty feet up. There was no way from the side they were on to climb to a more advantageous position, so they slowly moved to the opposite side of the nest, trying not to arouse the birds.
Once on the other side, they immediately saw a way to get closer. There was a fissure in the rock wall that gradually rose from the valley floor and sloped to a spot just north and slightly below the nest. It was large enough for the two of them to crowd into and work their way up the rock face.
They located the beginning point of the fissure another fifty yards farther north. There they entered the large crack and began walking and crawling toward the nest and the giant birds.
Making as little noise as possible, they tried to stay out of sight as best as they could, while gradually working their way in closer to the nest. The going was not too difficult except in one area. There was a break in the fissure at one point and both had to jump across the open section. It was easy for Uri because he had long legs and little bulk to his body. Not so with Druc. As agile as he was he was still pudgy. Uri had to grab hold of him to keep him from falling over backwards into the hole, after he made the jump and landed on the edge at the opposite side.
It took a good hour before they were as far as they were able to go up the fissure. The nest was only about twenty yards away and maybe fifteen feet higher than they were. They wedged themselves into a crack for as much protection as possible in case the birds attacked. Uri opened and spread out the contents of the bundle he had brought along on the rock in front of them.
The bundle contained about a dozen small wooden cylinders, each about a half inch in diameter and three inches long. One end of these cylinders was sharpened to a very sharp point. In each of the points a small hole had been drilled, and a small wooden pin inserted. They then began wrapping these cylinders on to arrows with a thin, but tough thread. The sharpened point of the cylinder was placed in line with the arrow's point and tightly secured to the shaft. The tiny wooden pin protruded from the end of the cylinder's point. When the arrow pierced the bird's skin the pin would be forced back into the cylinder.
When all the cylinders were attached to arrows the two companions looked at each other and grinned. They weren't as confident as the smile indicated, however. There was no way they could know if the invention would work without trying it out first. If it didn't work, they figured they would be in trouble. The birds would more than likely not be very happy, as Druc pointed out. They didn't have enough of the cylinders for a prior test, besides trying it on a bird would be different than any practice test they could have set up. There was no doubt in their minds that some of the cylinders would likely fail to work. It would all depend on where the arrow hit the bird and whether the tips of the arrows penetrated deep enough, and with enough force to push the pins into the cylinder. If shot into the right places they would only need two of them to function properly.
The time they were dreading had finally arrived. They had no choice but to call attention to themselves. Druc let out a loud whistle and Uri threw a couple of rocks against the rock wall. Immediately one of the birds cocked its head over the rim of the nest. A hunk of an animal was sticking out of the side of its beak. It hopped up on the rim of the nest looking for the source of the noise. Uri and Druc took careful aim. Using a prearranged signal Uri whispered to the count of three and they both let their arrows fly.
The two arrows lodged in the neck of the huge bird almost in the same instant. The bird let out an ear-piercing screech and took to the air. It flapped its wings a couple of times and then dove for the two men as they completed reloading their crossbows.
"Don't shoot anymore at that one until we see what happens," shouted Druc, as they both crouched lower into the crack, making as small a target as possible for the bird's long beak. The bird hit the rock wall with a tremendous force but was too large to maneuver itself into a position to get its beak into where the two men were doing their best to stay out of reach.
The bird fell toward the valley floor after the impact but recovered before hitting the ground. In the meantime, the other bird had taken to the air. He was circling overhead, watching all the commotion.
The wounded bird was the same one that had grabbed Gena a couple of days previous. They could tell from the partially healed wounds on the bird's leg. And knowing that made them feel better. They had talked about whether they could stalk the two birds and kill them. Neither had been very excited about the prospect. They finally decided that they would have no choice if they all were to leave the valley alive. The proximity to the eagle's talon, where they would be for a while, made it even more necessary to get rid of them. They also thought perhaps it would be easier to kill them after what had happened to Gena. They discovered that wasn't true. Neither one of them liked what they were doing once they had started. They could hold no grudge against these creatures. It was simply a matter of survival and their mission was by far more important than sparing the lives of these two.
Once more the wounded bird tried to get in close enough to the two men to get its beak into the crack in the rock fissure. As the bird hit the wall the second time, they both heard it. The two pops were very distinct, one right after the other, just loud enough to be unmistakable. They were devastating to the bird. The bird lost all control of flight. It tried to stay in the air without success. Its great wings continued to flap, amidst the increased screeching, as it crashed onto the rocks in the valley below. The bird flopped around for a few minutes then went still.
The other bird flew down to check out the dead one. After a few minutes on the ground it too attacked their position. Uri got off a shot hitting the bird in the breast, just before its beak hit the rock next to where he sat. The angle was no good for Druc to get off a shot. The breast of the bird was not their first preference as a target; although the arrow did penetrate and stick it didn't go in very far.
The bird recovered its fall and flew up to the nest, landing on the rim. He looked as though he was going to make one last stand for his territory and home. Whether out of anger or pain, the bird kept screeching the entire time. Druc pulled the trigger on his crossbow. The arrow hit true, sinking deep into the neck of the bird. Uri reloaded and fired one more into the bird's neck as well. Faster than it took with the other bird one of the cylinders in the neck exploded. As before, the bird lost control and fell off the side of the nest to the rocks below. Soon the bird was lifeless.
Neither of the two men was very happy about their accomplishment as they walked back into camp. They told the others the birds were dead and how they went about killing them. Uri explained about the cylinders and the chemical reaction that caused the explosions. Druc had brought a small amount of the two chemicals with him just in case they were needed. The Saturnian people used them to do some minor blasting in the rock for material. Uri went on to explain how they had hollowed out the wooden cylinders and made a separating membrane out of some dried fish intestines. When the arrow hit, the wooden pin was driven through the membrane inside, allowing the two chemicals to mix. As they mixed, they produced heat until a certain temperature was reached. Then they exploded.
Uri and Druc moped around a little as they were telling their story. When they finished, they all walked down to where the two birds lay. They were too large to try and drag off the rocks and bury, so they were forced to leave them lay where they were. Like the other animals they had seen so far, the birds were covered with a scaly skin, no feathers. As Camran had thought earlier they reminded him of pictures he had seen of prehistoric birds, with their large pointed wing tips.
With the birds gone they were free to check out the area beneath the eagle's talon. The group of seven left the dead birds and walked toward the spot the long and difficult days had led them.
Chapter 32

"There doesn't seem to be any way to open it," exclaimed Camran, as he pushed and pulled on the giant stone slab. They had all taken turns trying to open the stone slab that resembled a door. All, that is, except Druc.
Druc stood back and watched as first one then another tried to open the door. The door, as they had begun to call it, consisted of a large stone slab, with the outline of a door precisely cut into the rock. It was no ordinary door. It was approximately ten feet high by five feet wide, ornately decorated. Along with the outline of a door there were carved designs cut deep into the stone.
They all knew the Oracle hints that the door is illusion; still they tried everything they could think of to gain entry through the doorway. Druc could see what the others could not, regarding the stone slab. That was all it was, just a stone slab. It was ornately carved to be sure, but still just a stone slab. His trained eyes saw the cuts into the rock were superficial and not cut completely through. In order to create a door, the cuts had to go all the way through. He sat there and watched the others while he tried to solve the riddle of the stone door with his mind.
One by one they gradually gave up trying to open the door and began looking around for other alternatives. There wasn't much else to consider. They had spent over two hours trying to open the door and had gotten nowhere. There were other large chunks of rock in the immediate area, but beneath the eagle's talon there was nothing that appeared to be a better choice for a doorway than the one outlined in the rock. They each took turns studying the carvings on the stone, trying to decipher some meaning from them. Nothing came to anyone's mind.
"How about some fishing?" Bran asked Druc, when they couldn't think of anything else to try.
"Sure," answered Druc, as he got up and began to head back to the cave with the others.
Bran and Druc got their fishing gear and walked down to the stream near the strand of trees, just south of the cave. As they threw in their lines neither of them said a word. Both were preoccupied with thoughts of how to get through the door. Fishing was a good way to think. It was relaxing to them both.
Besides exercising their brains, they each caught a fish before an hour had gone by. "That's too bad," commented Bran.
"What's too bad?" asked Druc, expecting Bran to say something about the door.
"It's too bad we already caught a couple of fish. One more and we have to quit and go eat them," replied Bran distractedly.
"Maybe we should have left the bait off this time," said Druc, just as disinterested in catching anymore fish right away. They were using brightly colored pieces of cloth for bait. That seemed to work as well as anything else they had tried on this side of the mountains. It was less messy as well.
Immediately Bran had another fish on his line. "Maybe I should have listened to you and left the bait off," Bran stated, as he brought the fish onto the bank. "Gena will be glad to have them early, anyway."
The two cleaned the three fish, packed up their gear, and walked back to the cave where they encountered a discussion underway regarding the door.
"Have you guys been talking about the door ever since we left?" Bran asked.
"Yes," answered Gena. "A lot of good it has done us, though."
"We didn't have much luck either," commented Druc, laying the cleaned fish near the fire.
"It looks like you've done pretty well," Uri said, eyeing the fish. They had all grown to like the various fish dishes for dinner, especially since they began catching the smaller ones from the rivers and streams in the valley. But they hadn't eaten any during the last couple of days due to the birds and Gena's mishap.
"That isn't what he meant," spoke up Bran on Druc's behalf. Guess we have all been preoccupied with the door. "By the way, where is Camran?"
"Guess?" asked Ve-Nah. "He went back to the door just a few minutes after he came back to the camp, saying something about checking out an idea." She looked concerned about him being off by himself.
Twil was on watch but offered to go and check on Camran if someone would take over for him. Uri volunteered, while Bran and Gena began to fix dinner. Ve-Nah was working on Gena's pack. It had suffered a torn strap when the bird had grabbed her. She was trying to mend it with some heavy twine and a large wooden needle.
Camran meant Twil about halfway between the door and camp.
"Anything wrong?" asked Camran.
"No. Any luck?" Twil asked.
"Nothing," Camran stated flatly.
Back at camp Camran shrugged his shoulders at the looks of inquiry from the others, indicating he didn't learn anything new.
Again, Bran and Gena outdid themselves with dinner. The fish was delicious, covered in a creamy sauce and carrying a hint of berry.
After dinner it was unusually quiet, all of them were working with their own thoughts regarding the door. Seven brains were better than one; however, it didn't look like anyone was having any luck with the puzzle. Before it was completely dark, one by one, they drifted off to bed.
Druc found himself sitting alone at the fire. He could see Twil out on watch through the cave entrance. He wasn't tired so he just continued to sit there and think.
After a while he got tired of just sitting. He needed to stretch his legs. He still wasn't sleepy, so he gathered a few torches together and walked out of the cave. Twil asked if he was okay. He said he wasn't tired and was going to go over to the door and have a look. Twil said he would be able to see the torch and to holler if he needed help for any reason. The door wasn't that far away. Still it probably wasn't smart for him to go out there alone at night. But the chances of something being around were small considering this was where the birds had lived for a long time. They had died so recently there hadn't been time for any animals to move back into the area.
Twil watched Druc walk over to the stone slab, his torch lighting the way before him.
Druc arrived at the door and stuck the torch in the ground nearby. The other torches were sticking out of the small knapsack he had shouldered for convenience. The torch put out enough light to see the carvings in the door, as well as the groves outlining the door itself.
Druc recognized the door was an illusion. No door existed in the stone slab. At least not a door outlined by the groves cut into the rock. He had gone over this a hundred times in his head that afternoon and evening. There had to be a different answer somewhere. He walked forward to try pushing at different points on the slab, even though he watched the others spend a couple of hours doing the very same thing that afternoon. He stepped forward to place his hand on the middle left hand side of the slab and went right through the open doorway.
Chapter 33

Twil thought his eyes were playing tricks on him. He had been watching Druc to make sure he was safe, when he thought he saw him step through the stone slab. The door didn't look like it opened; it looked like he just went right through the stone itself. However, the light wasn't the best so maybe it only appeared like that was what happened.
I should go over there to investigate, he thought, but I shouldn't leave my watch. But what if he needs my help? Maybe I should get Bran. All these questions and thoughts went through Twil's mind as he decided what to do. He went to wake Bran, who had the next watch anyway.
Bran, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, listened to what Twil told him, trying to comprehend what he was hearing. He wasn't quite awake yet, but he thought he heard Twil say Druc went through the stone slab. He got up and followed Twil out of the cave as quietly as possible, trying not to wake any of the others.
Bran left Twil at the cave while he went to investigate the stone door. As he approached the eagle's talon, he could see the torch clearly lighting up the area outlined as the door. There was no movement anywhere. He had his sword out at the ready, in case of any trouble.
Twil watched Bran reach the torch, ready to call help from the cave if need be.
Bran stood next to the torch looking around. There was no sign of Druc within the range of the light. He didn't hear any movement of any kind. He picked up the light and walked in a circle around the whole area, looking for any signs of a struggle or dropped items, anything that would indicate the direction Druc had gone. He found nothing, nor did he see anything unusual, so he went back to face the stone door.
Right in front of the stone slab was a footprint. The length and width indicated it could only be that of Druc's. Could he have walked through the door somehow? Bran didn't know, but one thing was for certain, Druc wasn't there and the door was supposed to have a way of giving access to the key. Perhaps Druc found a way to enter. That seems to be what Twil saw. Twil has excellent eyes, Bran reminded himself, and he was sure he saw Druc go through the slab. It probably wasn't his eyes that deceived him; it was probably his brain that just didn't believe what his eyes were telling him.
Bran looked around once more. The more he looked at the footprint in the loose dirt the more he became convinced that Druc had in fact gone through the doorway.
"Well? What did you find?" asked Twil, before Bran was halfway back to the cave.
"Nothing but a couple of footprints. It appears you saw right. It looks like Druc went through the door somehow. There is his footprint right in front of the stone slab," replied Bran. "If I remember correctly, Druc didn't even get close to the door yesterday. He insisted it wasn't a door. He said the cuts didn't go all the way through the stone. We'd better get Camran up."
"He did go through the stone?" asked Twil, still not believing what he had seen and now heard.
"Looks that way," responded Bran, as he and Twil walked up to the cave to get Camran.
"I don't know how he did it," said Camran, after checking out the area around the door himself. "Those are definitely his footprints and I don't recall him coming close to the door yesterday, either."
"What do you think we should do?" Twil asked.
"Wait, I guess. While we wait, try and figure out how to get in there ourselves," answered Camran, not really sounding sure himself. "Maybe he will come right back out, now that he knows the secret of how to enter," added Camran.
"Should we get the others up and tell them?" Bran wanted to know.
"We might as well let them sleep," Camran said. "There isn't anything they can do. Let's get Uri up and we'll watch this area, as well as the cave for the rest of the night.
"I'll go get him," volunteered Twil, heading off in the direction of the cave.
Chapter 34

Darkness. There was nothing but complete, absolute and total darkness. The last time Druc had experienced anything like it was the night he arrived in this land, the night he had spent in the lotus flower. Not sure what had happened or what he did to trigger the door mechanism, he turned around and tried to exit the dark. The stone slab was right behind him, but it was solid. He couldn't go through it and he could find no opening. He stepped back a step to retrieve the stone lighter from his pocket, and one of the torches from the knapsack still on his back and stepped off into space.
Screaming as loud as he could out of fear, Druc fell. Down and further down he went. There seemed to be no end to the fall. As he fell, he continued to scream. He screamed until his voice became hoarse. He expected to hit the bottom at any time, crushing the life out of his body the instant he hit. But he kept falling and screaming until he could scream no more.
Just as he quit screaming a strange thing happened. His rate of descent slowed. Just as he had resigned himself to death once more, thankful it would probably be a quick one compared to the last time he had experienced it on Saturn, he stopped falling altogether. He could feel ground beneath his feet once again. Did he really fall or was it all in his mind?
Shaking, and on the verge of vomiting, from the knot of fear in his stomach, he pulled out his lighter and reached in the knapsack for a torch. He couldn't hold his hand still and was unable to light the torch on the first try. His lighter was only good for three or four lights and he couldn't remember how many times he had used it, if any, since the last refilling. He waited for a short while, until his heart quit pounding quite so hard and he was shaking less, then he tried the lighter once more. This time the torch caught. In a couple of minutes, the darkness started to recede as the fire took hold of the torch and lit up the area around him.
Druc stood in a small cavern, on a level floor of square cut stones, tightly laid in random patterns. Behind him was a step approximately two feet high, with a narrow ledge running below a large stone slab. The slab had the outlines of a door etched into the rock in the same dimensions as the one he had entered. Could it be, thought Druc, that it is the very same door he had entered, and the fall was nothing more than a couple of feet? How could that be? He knew he fell for several minutes, or at least he thought he did. Could this be some kind of mind illusion, a traveling of consciousness like the last time he died? Perhaps that was it. He died in the fall and this was where he ended up, just like before, only it isn't a lotus flower this time.
Druc stepped up onto the ledge and examined the stone slab. Although he couldn't be sure, it appeared to be just like the one he came through. He felt all around it, tried pushing on it, but was unable to cause it to open. But he was convinced that it was the door he had come through.
He wasn't convinced that he had just died, however. Although he certainly wasn't any expert on the subject, for one thing he still had on his clothes. The last time he didn't have his clothes. In fact, he didn't have a thing when he arrived in the flower. And what about his lighter and the torches? He still had them with him. “No,” Druc said out loud, “I don't think I'm dead this time.”
The doorway, whether or not it was the same door, was a dead end. Druc turned back to the cavern and began looking around. Although the room was small, he couldn't see the far side very well. The torch cast more shadows on the opposite wall than it did light.
Jumping off the step, Druc braced himself for a repeat of the fall he had just experienced. Nothing happened except he landed on the floor below. He walked across the square cut stones to the opposite wall. There etched in the rock was another large stone stab with a door outlined in it, exactly as the other.
Druc put his hand out the way he had the first one. It opened and he was instantly on the other side. He couldn't remember taking a step, just arriving on the other side. These must be one-way doors, Druc thought, trying to regain the control he had lost out of fear during the fall. He was feeling a little better. He was half expecting another fall or something even worse to happen as he went through the door, but nothing did.
Before him was a narrow corridor. The floor was stone, laid the same as the cavern floor. Before he continued, he tried to go back through the door. Nothing happened. It was solid, the same as the first door. He knew without a doubt that this was the door he had just come through so that confirmed his suspicions. The doors only worked in only one direction, at least up to this point.
As his courage began to build, he started down the corridor. He could see no end to it. Druc thought, why him? All the others had pushed on the door and tried every which way to gain entry, but none had gained access. He somehow held back, or, as he was beginning to wonder, was he held back until the right moment? Perhaps any of the others would have been able to go through the door, if they had come out alone in the night as he had done. But somehow, he didn't think that was true. He was beginning to believe that he was the one meant to enter the stone slab door and no one else.
The corridor began to slope downward after a while. Still, Druc could see no end to it, nor were there any corridors branching off. He kept walking. It began to get warmer the further down he went, until it became downright uncomfortable. He started sweating heavily. Still there was no way to go but to follow the corridor down. He couldn't go back.
The first torch began to flicker out. Before it died completely Druc quickly grabbed another one from his knapsack and lit it with the old one. He hadn't paid much attention to it, engrossed as he was with looking ahead, as well as behind. He needed the light and the lighter may or may not light anymore. He couldn't take the chance of using it again unless it was an emergency. He didn't have his refill oil or any of the things he normally carried in his pack. He had only intended on checking out the door before going to bed.
It became harder to breathe, and it was terribly hot. The sweat poured off him, running into his boots and making a noise as he walked. Druc didn't see how he could continue much longer if it was going to get any hotter. He had no water and was starting to become thirsty. But he had no choice but to keep moving forward down the corridor.
There, up ahead, he could see another stone slab. Druc picked up his pace until he reached it. The corridor abruptly ended in front of the stone slab etched with another doorway, just as the other two had been. He went through easily, only to find he was in another corridor. This time there were holes in the floor.
Druc walked up to the first hole and held his torch out over the darkness. As far as the light traveled down into darkness, there was no bottom. The holes were so deep he had to make sure that he didn't fall into one. They weren't very wide, about three feet across, and he could easily jump that distance. Before jumping over the first hole, he walked back and checked the door just to be sure. It was also one-way.
Druc worked his way down the corridor, jumping the pits of darkness every few feet. The heat was still there but it didn't seem to be getting any hotter. It didn't feel quite as bad as it had before, or maybe he was becoming somewhat used to it.
The second torch finally began to go out, so he lit a third. He only had five in his knapsack when he left the cave, plus the one he was carrying. He left the one he was carrying outside the first stone door when he began to investigate it. That left only two torches in his pack, after the one that was now lit burned out.
Druc began to tire from jumping the bottomless pits. That was what he had begun to call them. The heat and loss of fluids from his body was beginning to take its toll. Just when he thought he couldn't make one more jump the corridor ended at another doorway. Without hesitating this time, he went through, and immediately began falling. He dropped the torch and even though he could see the floor a couple of feet below him, he couldn't reach it. He kept falling. Fear gripped him once more, but he was determined not to scream. He knew he wasn't really falling. It was just an illusion; in the same manner the door was an illusion.
The fall didn't last as long as the first one. Perhaps it was because he had retained greater control over his fear. In any event, the sensation of falling ended. He stood on the floor once more, two feet below the ledge and stone doorway. Druc bent down and picked up the torch, his heart was still racing from the shock his system had just undergone. Before moving on, out of habit, he hopped up on the ledge and rechecked the door. Nothing. He didn't really want to go back that way and re-jump all those holes anyway.
This corridor was much cooler, and still it sloped downward. There was an occasional pit to jump but not many. The going was much easier than the last section. He made faster time going down this corridor. The third torch was replaced by the fourth as Druc approached the next door.
Going through this door Druc steeled his mind for another fall. It didn't happen. Instead he was surprised to find himself inside a large cavern. It was much colder in there than the last corridor. In fact, it was really cold, uncomfortably so.
Druc walked around examining the walls for another door, just assuming there would be one. There wasn't. He went around looking until the fourth torch was finished, then he lit the final one. He was beginning to feel a bit panicky, thinking he would be stranded in this room far beneath the ground without any light.
He felt his way along the wall hoping a hidden door would be reveled when his hand touched the right place. There wasn't any. Eventually he gave up, sat down on the floor and put the torch out. He didn't want to use up the entire torch for no real purpose. Whether or not the lighter would re-light it, he didn't know. He had no choice but to take that chance.
It was cold and dark. Druc sat shivering on the floor, lonely and without hope.
Chapter 35

The day was bright and warm. It was early afternoon and still no sign of Druc. At least one of the group had stayed at the doorway continuously since Druc went through the stone slab. They were all beginning to think that was the only possibility, he had indeed gone through the stone doorway. He somehow went through the wall and was the only one who knew how, or as Bran had pointed out, he was the only one who was able to go through. Bran recalled and retold the story about trying to open the door in the cave on the Isle of Flowers. He couldn't, but Camran opened it with ease. Perhaps this was the same thing. Druc didn't go near the door at first, as the others had, but when he did approach it, it opened for him without any problem.
That was the theory they were now subscribing to. The doorway was meant for Druc and no one else for some unknown reason. They were all miserable from worrying about him, none more than Bran and Uri. Bran refused to go fishing to pass the time without his fishing friend. Uri had also become very close to Druc, especially after spending all the time working together on the project to rid themselves of the birds.
Camran was also beside himself with concern. He felt responsible for all the members on the quest. He didn't want anything to happen to any one of them. Camran still couldn't forgive himself for not being able to stop Ve-Kim from being killed. So, he vowed not to stop looking for a way to get inside the door, although they had tried everything they could think of as soon as it became light enough to see that morning. He was frustrated and edgy and could think of nothing else to try or do but wait.
Chapter 36

Druc no longer noticed the cold or even the darkness. He was lost in thought. Resigned to the inescapable fact that he was on the verge of dying, his thoughts turned to his friends. He was sadly disappointed he had let them down, not to mention all those other people in the world that could have been saved, given a successful quest. It was such a heavy burden and responsibility for one individual, and a group of only seven to bear.
There was no self pity. Druc wasn't even thinking about himself. He knew he had given his all to accomplish the purpose of the quest. He had given all that he was humanly capable of giving. It apparently wasn't enough, but he had done and tried his best. Just before passing out, Druc pledged his heart to the others in their continued quest for the bridge. He knew they would not give up, shouldn't give up. The stakes were too high.
As consciousness started to slip from his body, a gentle surging sensation began to flow through his entire system. It started with his feet and gradually thrilled through every atom and cell in his body. The energy that flowed through him was the energy of life itself. It seemed to renew and invigorate his dying form. He felt like a young man again. Of course, he was also aware the changes were within his consciousness and not his physical body. His body was lying prostrate on the cold floor, badly in need of water and warmth.
A change was coming over him. He was very alert and alive. He wasn't going to die as he had thought a short while ago. A warm and calm life sustaining presence overshadowed his consciousness. His fear was replaced with deep understanding and compassion, above all, compassion. He could see and hear everything clearly.
His ears heard no words and yet words coursed through every nerve throughout his body.
"Do not fear anymore my treasured brother. You have adequately passed the trial placed before you. In the end you placed others before yourself. That was the trial. Rise up now, the door is opened. The key was, and is, yours. It has been yours all the time, although you still know it not. Rise up now and claim your rightful prize, revealed within the cave of fire."
Druc's body was light as a feather as he rose and moved toward the door, which had appeared in the wall. The room simmered in soft white light. His feet seemed to glide his body across the floor and right through the stone doorway.
The room he entered was filled with fire, a cold cleansing fire. Without being told Druc knew it was the essence of life itself. It purified and cleansed his being. It filled his heart with life and love, just as the sun provides nourishment to all life within its orb of influence. He felt reborn. All pain, anxiety and emotional turmoil had vanished.
In the middle of the room, engulfed in flame, stood a golden metal staff. It was almost as tall as he. On the top of the staff was a clear globe of crystal, approximately four inches in diameter. The top of the clear globe reached a point just above the level of his eyes. Two ornate snakes, one silver and the other bronze, intertwined themselves around the staff, from the bottom of the rod to slightly above the center of the crystal orb. The snakes separated the greatest distance from the staff near the top, leaving a place between them to grip the golden rod. Druc's feet seemed to float to the center of the room. When he stood in front of the staff he reached out and took it into his grip. The fire continued to burn but it didn’t hurt him. It felt soothing and comforting. The golden staff fit his hand perfectly. It seemed to fill an empty place within his body, and he felt whole with it in his hand. After he had a firm grasp on the golden rod the fire died out. It appeared to flow down the rod and up into his arm, but he didn’t feel any pain or other sensation as he watched.
"Keep the staff with you at all times. You must deliver it to the Vulcan on Serpent Isle. The staff’s power is not available to you in the physical world until it is re-polarized. The Vulcan will know what to do."
"There is much left to be done. When the time comes for you to use the power of the golden staff you will be ready and will know how to channel it. Remember, you will never be alone my brother."
With that last thought Druc knew the time had come to exit the cavern. A doorway appeared across the room. Druc walked across the floor and through the stone opening, holding the staff high in his right hand.
Chapter 37

In the darkness, deep below the ground in another part of the world, a deep searing pain knifed through the chest of the dark one. Staggering to his feet he barely made it to the bed to lie down.
The seven had achieved a measure of success. Where they were or what they had accomplished he did not know. He only knew they had to be stopped.
The pain was not physical. It reached and cut into his deepest darkest being. It was light; the light of goodness overcoming evil and darkness. His power was greatly affected. He would be in no position to accomplish much until he recovered from this setback and the light faded. He still believed he was the supreme force in this world. He was confident the light would fade. His existence depended on it.
Chapter 38

Bran was on watch in front of the stone doorway. It was midday on the second day since Druc disappeared. Hope for his return was beginning to fade. Why didn't he come back out through the doorway if he knew how it worked? Surely, he knew they were all concerned about him. And he had no doubt that Druc knew that they would want to help him in any way they were able.
Bran had been unable to sleep well or eat much since his friend left. He was tired and run down. He stood there dumbfounded when Druc stepped through the stone doorway and collapsed a few feet from where he stood. When it finally dawned on him that Druc had returned he shouted and rushed to his friend's side.
Camran was carrying an armload of firewood into the cave when he heard Bran yell. He dropped the load of wood and ran toward the eagle's talon. As he approached, he saw that Bran was bent over a still figure.
As Camran got closer he could see the person on the ground was Druc. Fear raced through him as he hurried to Druc’s prostrate form. He hoped he was okay, but he wasn't moving at all. Bran was picking him up.
Bran knelt alongside Druc, he looked terrible. It appeared as though he had lost about half his weight. His face was drawn and thin compared to the puffy look that was his normal state. His skin was bright red, as though he was out in the sun for way too long. He looked sunburned. There was no sun here so that was perplexing to Bran. Bran could also tell Druc was dehydrated. His skin was dry and wrinkled. But the most amazing thing of all was what he clutched in his right hand. It was a beautiful golden staff with two snakes entwined around it. It was also metal. That, in and of itself, was such a rarity in this world that it made Bran wonder what had happened to his friend after he entered the stone doorway. In the day and a half Druc had been gone, it was clear he had undergone a difficult experience. Of that there could be no question.
Camran reached Bran and helped him carry Druc up to the cave. The others, hearing Bran shout, rushed outside and saw that Druc had returned and what condition he was in, then hurriedly prepared a place to lay him inside the cave.
When they had Druc inside Gena gently dabbed a water-soaked cloth on his face. Squeezing a few drops onto his parched lips. She knew she needed to get liquids into his dehydrated body, but it had to be done slowly and gradually. Druc, delirious, mumbled something they were unable to understand.
Twil was mixing up a cream to rub on Druc's tender, burned skin. It hadn't blistered, which was good, but it was as close to blistering as it could be.
Uri tried to remove the staff from Druc's hand and lay it beside him, but Druc's fingers would not budge. He had a death grip on the golden rod. Uri moved the staff into a position that looked the most comfortable for Druc then helped Twil spread the greenish cream all over Druc's exposed and burnt skin.
Gena continued working on Druc with the cloth and water until she tired and took a break, then Ve-Nah took over from her. When Gena left Druc's side he had yet to respond, other than to mumble occasionally, although he did appear to be resting comfortably. The only word they were able to make out sounded like serpent. They, of course, didn't have any idea what that meant.
In an hour Gena returned to take over from Ve-Nah once more. Ve-nah said she didn't mind continuing, but let Gena resume the care. Shortly after Ve-Nah left Druc began to respond to the treatment and care he was receiving, Gena continued to moisten his lips and throat with small amounts of water. A little while later, before Gena's amazed eyes, Druc's skin healed. By that evening, although Druc had yet to regain consciousness, he looked exactly as he did before going through the doorway.
During the night Druc became conscious. He was completely alert and said he felt fine. Still sleepy from lack of sleep while he was inside the cavern was his only complaint, and that he was hungry since he hadn’t eaten anything while he was away. None of the companions were able to believe their eyes. Just a few hours before Druc had looked more dead than alive. His recovery was nothing short of miraculous. Ve-Nah fed him a small amount of the soup she had prepared for when he awoke. He greedily swallowed it, wanting more than she would allow. After he fell back to sleep Gena commented on the look in Druc's eyes. It was one of deep peace, a peace that extended into the very depths of his being. She could also see a determination that she hadn't recognized there before.
Druc slept through the rest of the night. Each of them stayed up watching over him as he rested. In the morning Druc was fully awake. He drank some more soup and ate a couple of berries. He also drank a fair amount of water. As he lay there looking up at the others gathered around, he held the staff to his chest. He hadn't relinquished his grip on it once during the entire night.
After taking in some nourishment, Druc haltingly told what he remembered of the last two days. He explained about how he went through the doorway, confirming to the others that he was the only one who was able to pass through the door of illusion, since they had all tried the same thing. He explained about the passageways, the heat and the cold, and all the different doors he had to pass through. And the pits he had to jump. Finally, he told them how he came to a cavern without an exit, where he knew he was going to die. It was cold and dark in that cavern. There he sat down on the cold floor, and that was all he could remember.
They all wanted to know about the golden staff he held to his chest. He replied he didn't know where he got it, but he did know he had to take it to Serpent Isle, to the Vulcan, and have it re-polarized. He didn't know what that meant or remember how he knew. He just knew they had to go to the small Isle next. He also didn't have any recollection of how he could have gotten the burns. They all noticed how calm and confident Druc was compared to before the experience he had endured after passing though the door.
After telling the others his story he went back to sleep. It was a sound, comfortable, deep sleep. He was safe once more and back with his friends. He also felt more confident about his future than he ever had before.
Later, when he awoke, he was starving. He had eaten virtually nothing in the past couple of days. Gena fixed him some cooked vegetables, berries, and he had some more soup. He spent the remainder of the day visiting with the friends he thought he had lost, and just enjoying being back in their company. He was fully recovered and felt fine. No one believed him and wouldn't let him walk around much or do anything too strenuous. That evening Bran asked him if he felt up to walking the short distance down to the stream where he intended to catch some fish for their dinner. Ve-Nah told Druc Bran wouldn't fish while he was gone and was probably going through withdrawals. Druc said that he indeed would like to go down to the stream and do a little fishing. Bran said the fish weren't large enough to pose a great difficulty, besides, we can always leave the bait off, he added. They both began laughing about their private joke.
Bran tried to help Druc walk down to the stream, but he didn't need any help. He seemed completely normal to Bran. With the staff lying between them, they sat side by side enjoying the company of one another. Neither of them spoke. They didn't need to. It was enough they were together again doing what they both shared and enjoyed.
Druc hooked his second fish before Bran caught his first. As he did with the first fish, he turned and threw his latest catch up on the grassy bank behind him. Then he returned his line to the water.
Startled, a noise from behind brought them both to their feet. Druc grabbed the staff first and then reached for his knife. Bran was unsheathing his sword. Up on the bank behind them was another bird, he was gulping down their fish. Bran jumped in front of Druc to protect him from the winged creature. Druc prepared to throw his knife.
"Wait a minute," said Druc. "It's just a baby." Sure enough it was a baby bird. It must have been in the nest when they killed its parents. It was probably about ready to fly and got himself up on the edge of the nest, then somehow down to the ground. It was no doubt hungry.
"It doesn't mean us any harm," Druc continued. "Look, it doesn't even look dangerous. It just wants to eat."
Sure enough the bird went about eating without so much as paying any attention to them. Even though it was a baby, it was about three and a half feet tall. And his wingspan was probably already ten feet wide.
Druc re-sheathed his knife and started toward the awkward looking creature. The bird finished swallowing the second fish and stood there staring at the approaching man. He didn't move. Druc waved his arms to scare the bird away. It held its ground.
"Stubborn, aren't they?" said Druc, while Bran readied himself to attack if need be. The bird may be young, but he was still big and strong. Bran didn't think his friend was in any condition for hand to hand combat with this bird, baby or no baby.
At that moment Bran's pole started toward the stream. Being the fisherman, he was, Bran's reflexes caused him to grab the pole. Then he shrugged his shoulders and continued to bring in the fish.
"Let me see it," said Druc, his hand held out for the fish. Bran reluctantly gave it to him. He was picturing the fish in the cooking pot. They hadn't had any fish to eat the past couple of days. He suspected what Druc was going to do with his fish, and sure enough he did. Druc held it out so the bird could reach it. The bird reached up and took it from his hand, almost taking part of his hand in the process. In a couple of gulps the fish was gone.
The third fish apparently filled the bird. He turned and half hopped, half flew, away into the woods. Druc smiled and returned to the stream and picked up his pole. Bran stood there not believing his fishing buddy had just given his fish to a bird.
They fished for a while longer, catching another three fish between them. With dinner restored, Bran was in a forgiving mood regarding his lost catch. He told him if he ever did that again he would no longer consider him his fishing friend. Some things are sacred you know. While he said that he had his hand placed on Druc's shoulder in a gesture of friendship.
The baby bird was nowhere to be seen as they walked back to the cave.
For the next two days Bran and Druc fished each evening. The baby bird would show up, eat three fish, and then leave. Druc would give the bird only his catches, except the second night when he hadn't caught any by the time the bird showed up to feed. With a disgusted look on his face, Bran handed over his two fish for Druc to feed the thing.
The others kept hearing the stories of the bird from the two fishermen. On the second day the bird followed the two back from the stream to the cave. He kept his distance and eventually parked himself on a rock about fifteen yards from the cave entrance. He was still there in the morning. Druc went for a walk each morning, meditating and strengthening his legs for the coming journey. He was nearly ready to travel. During his walk that morning the bird followed him, partly flying and partly hopping. He stayed a few feet behind but kept pace with Druc the entire walk. That night he followed Bran and Druc down to the stream, ate his three fish, and then returned to the cave with them. While they fished that evening Druc named him Eagle. Bran wanted to name him Fishbelly.
The others were becoming used to seeing the bird at dinner time. At first, they were weary of the creature, especially Gena. After dinner, their last night at the cave, Gena went out and fed the bird the leftover scraps. She was finally getting over her nightmarish thoughts about birds. Ever since she had been attacked, she hadn’t been fond of flying things. Besides, as she tried to justify her actions, they would be leaving in the morning and she wanted to make her amends with the creature before they left.
Eager to be under way, early the next morning they started back toward the pass, and once through the mountains would be on to Serpent Isle. Behind them an ungainly awkward baby bird hopped and flew, always keeping the party of seven within sight.
PART III

Chapter 39

The wind blowing off the sea, northwest of the Sea of Turmoil, was as strong as they remembered it when they traveled across the same plateau on the way to the eagle's talon, several weeks earlier. Some of the trees were dropping their leaves now, as fall drew near. The falling leaves presented an obstacle to the travelers they would rather have done without. Even with the falling leaves, wind and one violent rainstorm, the seven made good time from the eagle's talon, back to the plateau northwest of the Sea of Turmoil.
The weather held out as they re-crossed the pass. It stayed too warm to snow, while they retraced their steps through those ravines and canyons. In the pass they moved as quickly as possible, now knowing the route, as well as constantly concerned and thinking about the possibility of snow. They didn’t want to get caught in another snowstorm in the event the weather made a sudden change.
One thing that greatly expedited the return trip was the rafts they had already build and left on the riverbanks. They were all exactly as they had been left. They were able to quickly cross the rivers without any delays or difficulties. One thing that did change on the return trip was their constant watching of the skies behind them, in the event more birds tried to get one of them.
Two weeks after setting out on their return trip they reached the sea. Much of the area between them and Serpent Isle was unexplored; at least it was unmarked on the map they carried. They had no idea what to expect or which would be the easiest route. They figured they would follow the coast as best as possible. The only problem with that plan was the wind. It never stopped in this area. They could only hope that as they traveled farther north it would let up. Fortunately, the temperatures were still mild, even though the wind coming off the water made it feel colder than it really was. In any event, they all had to wear coats during the day, due to the chilly air temperature caused by the wind. It would have been cold if the temperatures weren’t as mild as they were.
One thing no one had expected, or counted on, was the bird. Eagle stayed with the group, and in the two weeks it took to backtrack across the pass became a permanent member. Each day they expected him to go his way and each evening he was there to eat with the rest of them. It got to the point where they expected him there every time they turned around. When he wasn't a couple of times, they became concerned, but then eventually he would show up.
Bran and Druc were delighted to see he ate other things besides fish. They watched him eat wild berries and fruit, as well as leaves from some of the trees and bushes. It seemed he could, and did, eat most anything, although he was particularly fond of fish.
Eagle had been accepted by all the members. Even Gena, who always went out of her way to feed it the scraps after each meal. The only person who was a little wary and stayed away from the small bird as much as possible was Twil. Perhaps it was because of his size. Twil wasn't much taller than the bird. In a few weeks he would be shorter than Eagle. Perhaps that was the reason Twil avoided standing near the creature.
Eagle tolerated them all without ever showing any anger or rebellion. But it really couldn’t be said that he was close to any of them, except Druc. He traveled and lived with the others, but he worshiped Druc. Eagle treated him as though he was one of his parents. No matter where Druc went, there was the bird.
Eagle no longer shied away from any of them, as he had at first. He was right behind Druc on the walks and at night could be found sitting in a small tree or perched on a rock within a few feet of the Saturnian.
The only real difficulty they had experienced with the winged creature was when Gena drew the line about him coming into the cave with them for the night. It had taken place in the pass at the same cave where they had stayed during the snowstorm. Eagle was right behind Druc that night when they went in to go to bed. Gena would have none of it. Without the slightest fear she walked up to the creature, grabbed his long beak and dragged him outside. The bird began to protest and follow her back inside after she released him. Gena turned and glared at him while pointing her finger to a rock near the entrance to the cave. She turned her back to walk back into the cave and the bird followed once more. The others couldn't believe what she did next. She turned and walked right up to the bird, got down on her knees, and looked the bird right in the eye. Then she began walking forward on her knees, backing the bird up, until they reached the rock she earlier had pointed toward. Then she reached down, picked Eagle up by his legs and placed him on the rock.
They had all commented about how stubborn the large birds were, especially over something they considered their territory. The others, sitting in the cave watched as Gena pointed to the rock and talked to the bird as though he was able to understand every word. She walked away and the bird stayed on the rock. In fact, he was still there in the morning. He never budged during the entire night. Eagle must have recognized how much more stubborn Gena was than himself. No one commented as Gena made three trips out to bring things to Eagle during that evening, instead of her normal one.
Each night after that Eagle spent the night as close to Druc as he could get, but only after making sure there was no conflict with Gena.
Bran even seemed to take a liking to Eagle. Druc teased him that the only reason he liked the bird was because they had to fish longer to catch enough for them all to eat. Those evenings of fishing Eagle seemed to like the best. At first, every river or stream they came to Eagle wanted to stop and fish. Of course, that wouldn't have been a problem with Bran and Druc. They were more than willing. With regret they had to pass many places that looked liked good fishing spots and continue, much to the consternation of the bird. Eagle soon realized they only fished in the evening, and then not all evenings.
Each day Eagle also seemed to be progressing in the flying department. He hopped less and flapped his wings more. In just the couple of weeks since they had left the eagle's talon, he had learned to fly some fifty to one hundred yards, all in one flight. And he was finally able to reach the lower branches of some of the larger trees, rather than fly just a few feet above the ground all the time.
The first day after leaving the eagle's talon, they ran into one of the tiger animals. The group had plenty of warning that he was approaching. Eagle began making a lot of racket by chattering and flapping his wings, and then he went to hide behind Druc. They were walking across a large meadow at the time of the attack. Bran and Twil both shot him in the mouth with their crossbows and killed him before he really got very close.
That night the subject came up regarding Eagle and whether they should permit him to continue following them. It was obvious at that time he intended to. After discussing it for a while they all agreed the bird was free to do as he chose. They were not encouraging him to follow and neither would they discourage him from following. They all thought he would tire and go his own way eventually, probably during the next few days.
He didn't, and so was considered a volunteer and permanent member of the quest. Besides, as Druc pointed out, Eagle could be good protection against many of the animals they might run into, such as their recent experience with the tiger type beast, he added. That brought a round of laughter from them all, remembering how the frightened bird had hid behind Druc earlier that day.
Druc was a re-charged man since he miraculously recovered from the ordeal inside the cave. Although he was quiet and contemplative most days, he was filled with energy. He also had a look in his eyes of deep determination. When the others were tired and ready to stop for the night, it was Druc who coaxed another mile or two out of them. And he was the first to get up each morning and the last one to go to sleep at night.
He was still unable to recall how he came to have the golden staff, although he thought about it constantly, trying to grasp those forgotten memories. The staff was never out of his reach. Most of the time he held it in his right hand, even when they were just sitting around the fire at night, he would be holding it. He was taking his charge to heart.
He had studied the staff and the intertwining snakes in detail. The workmanship was exquisite. There was no way to determine who had made it or how long ago. Since the Vulcan on Serpent Isle were the only ones involved with metal in the world, he suspected they had been involved in its making, at least to some extent. But he couldn't be sure. Druc didn't know why the Isle was named Serpent Isle, but since the staff had two serpents on it he was almost positive the staff originated with them some time in their past.
It was late in the afternoon when they reached the shore of the sea. Druc talked them all into going up the coast a couple more hours or until they could find better shelter. It was windy and all they had for wind breaks were the larger trees just off the beaches. The trees weren't much protection at all in this area where the wind blew relentlessly at high speed.
Up the coast they found a small cove surrounded by large boulders. Behind two of these they found a spot that was as much out of the wind as they dared hope. There were no caves in this area that they were able to find so the boulders were the best alternative for their camp. It was still too windy to start and maintain a fire throughout the night, even in the sheltered spot they chose. Gena was also more tolerant of Eagle that night than usual, allowing him to sleep in the sheltered area with the rest of them, so he would be out of the wind as much as possible. It was an interesting sight to watch. Eagle didn't come within the sheltered area until Gena fetched him by the beak and positioned him near Druc and out of the main strength of the wind. Once Gena had a hold of his beak, the bird made no protest whatsoever. After Gena had positioned him, he stayed in that spot the balance of the night.
That evening they settled on cold fruits and vegetables for their dinner. They spent a little time each day, while on the other side of the mountains, replenishing their store of fruit, vegetables and berries, so had a good supply with them when they reached the sea.
The only good thing about that first night on the coast was that the weather could have been colder and wasn't.
Chapter 40

For days the group of eight traveled north along the coast. They were gradually leaving the wind behind them. Surprisingly, they ran into few animals along the way. Those they did come across were dispatched quickly and easily or were far enough away not to pose a serious problem. The only thing they could attribute to the lack of animal attacks was a statement that kept echoing in Druc's head. The forces of darkness needed time to recover from the success the seven had already enjoyed. When asked how he knew that, he said he just knew, although he couldn’t recall any particulars from memory.
For most of the three previous days the group traveled in the foothills of the mountains. These hills extended down to the sea, abruptly ending in high cliffs, sometimes dropping hundreds of feet to rocky beaches. The going was slower and more strenuous than some of the other sections they had traveled. They constantly had to work their way around large crevices and fingers of land that extended out into the sea. Finally, after the last three days of that type of terrain they came to a smooth long sandy beach. It was the first straight and smooth piece of ground they had seen or traveled across in a long time. The going was much easier and by the time they reached the far end of the stretch of sand it was nearing evening.
At the northern end of the beach they came to a rocky outcrop, extending up from the water line to some two or three hundred yards inland. It looked as though there had been a large rockslide from the inland hill. There, in the shelter of those large rocks, they decided to make camp for the night.
Bran and Druc disliked fishing in the sea. They much preferred the streams. Since they had come back over the mountains, they were not catching those nice small fish they had grown accustomed to and liked so well. It was anyone’s guess each evening what they would catch in these unexplored parts of the world. Some evenings they caught some things they wouldn't eat, even though they kind of resembled fish. Eagle didn't seem to have a problem with eating them, however.
They hadn't crossed any streams or rivers during their last hour of walking, before stopping at the rockslide, so that evening Bran and Druc were forced to fish in the sea, if they wanted to fish at all. They checked ahead a little way as well, but there were no streams nearby for them to try out.
They decided to try the sea rather than not fish at all. Gathering their gear, they headed off to the water, Eagle right behind them. He was flying much better and could stay in the air for several minutes at a time now. He would oftentimes fly a short way ahead, and then wait for them to catch up, rather than follow.
Bran waded out in the water until it reached just below his knees, shortly followed by Druc, gripping the Golden Staff in his right hand and fishing pole in his left. Eagle started to follow until the water came up on the beach and chased him back. He didn't like it and the normally quiet bird began to chatter his disrespect for the inconsiderate waves. Bran and Druc watched and laughed for a while before throwing in their lines.
While Bran and Druc went off to fish, Uri and Twil scouted on ahead of where they set up camp to make sure there were no surprises waiting for them during the night or the following morning. They climbed the rocky slide of rocks and disappeared from the campsite.
Camran stayed in camp with Gena and Ve-Nah. He had developed a blister on his right heel a couple of days previously and it was still bothering him. It was almost gone but he wanted to apply one of Twil's creams to it and stay off his feet that evening. Gena and Ve-Nah went about setting things up for dinner and the night ahead. They decided not to start fixing anything to eat until after they see whether the two fishermen came back with something for them to cook. They also wanted to make sure it was safe to stay where they were, based on information from Twil and Uri's scouting trip.
It didn't take long to organize and ready the camp. When they finished, the women settled down with Camran to visit over a hot mug of tea. The tea was one the three fondly liked. It came from a plant Twil had pointed out to them. They found it in abundance on the other side of the mountains. It apparently was rare along the coast for they only found a couple of plants along one riverbank since returning through the mountains. Before they came back over the pass, Gena and Ve-Nah gathered as many of the leaves as they were able to take with them for their future use. Camran commented to the two women that he didn't understand why the others didn't seem to like the tea as much as they did. As they sat and enjoyed the hot brew, they discussed the travel of the past few days.
From where the three sat they could see Bran and Druc out in the water fishing. They laughed as Eagle started several times to walk out to them and hurry back as the next wave came up on shore. He would jump up and down and the three knew the wave was getting a stern talking to. Without anyone meaning for it to happen, Eagle had become the family pet.
Camran sat straight up, Ve-Nah jumped to her feet. A very large crab was approaching the two fishermen from behind. Apparently, it had come from the north, out of the rocks somewhere. It was a good eight feet tall on its long legs. Two giant pincher claws extended out in front of the crustacean. It looked remarkably like a crab from Earth, only lots bigger. The three started shouting at Bran and Druc, who were unable to hear them due to the noise of the surf. Camran retrieved his crossbow and began to run bare footed toward the water.
The crab was only twenty yards or so from Bran and Druc, who remained completely unaware of its presence. Eagle, however, was beside himself. He had spotted the monster and hopped excitedly up and down flapping his wings, while the crab continued to stalk the two unsuspecting men.
Camran ran as fast as his legs could carry him. The camp was more than a hundred yards from the water. The two women had also grabbed their weapons and were in pursuit of Camran. There was no way Camran would make it to the two men before the crab. As he ran, he yelled and waved his arms, trying to get the attention of one of his friends.
The crab was a few scant yards behind Bran and Druc when Eagle had had enough. He took to the air and attacked. Camran couldn't believe what he was witnessing, especially after the incident with the tiger animal when Eagle hid behind Druc.
Eagle flew right into the face of the crab pecking the hard shell of the crustacean. The huge pinching arms of the crab came up to ward off the attack. Eagle barely escaped those pinchers as he flapped his wings and climbed above the extended claws.
As Eagle escaped up into the air his wings caught the attention of the two fishermen, barely missing their heads. They turned and saw the huge pinchers of the crab only a few feet from them, Eagle was coming in for another attack. Bran and Druc, as quickly as possible, moved off to the side while reaching for their crossbows. The crab had reared up on its hind legs waiting for the bird to come at it once again. Both men were afraid Eagle, with his wide wingspan, could be easily caught by those large pinchers if he came in too close to the crab. Eagle fooled them by swinging behind the crab and coming down hard on the back of the crab's head. The impact knocked the crab down onto all its legs.
Bran got off a shot, while Druc was yelling at Eagle to get away from there, muttering "stubborn bird" the whole time. The arrow hit the crustacean's shell and bounced off. He had been aiming for the crab's eye, but the crab moved at the last second.
Eagle had risen above the crab and was coming in again for another attack. This time he hit the crab behind the head with his powerful beak and tangled his wings in one of the crab’s pinchers as it was coming up to defend itself. Eagle lost all momentum to climb back into the sky. He tried to flap his wings and rise but only succeeded in maneuvering himself off the crab and landing in the water, not more than five yards from the reach of those mighty pinchers. Eagle was mad. Druc didn't know whether he was mad at the crab or at the water, but he was mad. Druc, disregarding his own safety went to help him. Eagle couldn't fly out of the foot and a half deep surf without some help, although he was trying hard to do so.
Camran had reached the edge of the water by the time Eagle had landed in it. The crab was going after Eagle and he could see Druc going to Eagle's aid. Camran didn't have a target at which to shoot. He knew the hard shell would only deflect his arrow, so he started into the water to get around the crab and into a position to get off a shot from a better angle.
Druc reached Eagle in two strides, seemingly in slow motion as he moved through the knee-deep water. He had discarded his pole but held fast to the Golden Staff. He didn't know whether Eagle would strike at him in his anger or not. There was no time to waste concerning himself with that possibility. Druc stooped down, put his left hand under the bird and lifted straight up with all his might. Eagle not only didn't strike out at Druc, he purposely closed his beak and moved it out of Druc's way. Eagle was heavier than Druc had anticipated but Eagle rose, flapping his wings. The wings caught the air and he flew up out of the water, slapping Druc lightly as he went.
Druc was now within reaching distance of those large claws, and he began to quickly back away from the advancing crab. Bran was still trying to maneuver into a position to get a shot into one of the crab's eyes; there was nothing he could accomplish by trying to reach Druc in the water. His sword would do nothing to the shell of the crab, it was just too thick.
While Bran and Camran were trying to get into position to shoot, Eagle attacked once more. The crab was concentrating on Druc at the time and was caught off guard as the bird flew into his face. Eagle got hold of the right eye of the crab and wrenched it from its socket. That gave Druc the distraction and time he needed to move to a safer spot.
Eagle rose above the crustacean and readied for still another attack. The crab had reared up and was clawing the air with his pinchers, looking with the one good eye, trying to locate the bird. The men had maneuvered into a better position but were unable to fire with the crab's head up in the air.
Eagle attacked and somehow got his beak into the good eye and pulled it out before the crab was able to maneuver his pinchers to ward off the blow. With the crab's sight gone in both eyes the men were at an advantage. Eagle attacked again but hit the shell of the crab, and due to fatigue more than anything again landed in the water. This time he landed quite a way away and behind the crustacean; it couldn't see him anyway. Once more he strenuously began trying to get out of the water. Gena and Ve-Nah who had been standing helplessly on the beach came to Eagle's rescue.
The two women reached him easily. It took both of them to lift the bird enough to move him a little way back toward shore. Eagle was too tired to fly, not having flown all that much so far in his young life. Three times they had to reach below and lift him before he was free of the water. Although he didn't make any menacing movement toward the women, he continued venting his anger with his shrill cries and screeches. Once back on the sandy beach Eagle started back into the water after the crab. Gena and Ve-Nah had to physically restrain him while he gave them both what they guessed passed for a dirty look.
While the women were rescuing Eagle, the crab had dropped back down onto all its legs. It started circling; reaching out with both pinchers, trying to find the prey it knew was there. The opportunity finally came for Bran and Camran to get off shots with their crossbows. Both arrows went into the same eye socket, causing the crab to rear up once more. When the crab returned to the water the crossbows let go with another round of arrows. One entered the other eye of the crab. Camran missed, still not as good with the weapon as the other men. Three more times they fired arrows into the eye sockets before the crab began to show signs of slowed movement. One final round of arrows and the crab slumped to the water in resignation. Slowly it ceased all movement, as the ebb and flow of the surf washed the sand from under the shell of the dead monster.
Only when Druc left the water uninjured did Eagle settle down and the women let him loose. He promptly resumed his non-caring appearance and kept a respectable distance from the others.
In all the excitement they forgot to look around and see if there were other crabs within sight. They looked around the beach and saw none, much to their relief.
Camran started laughing and ran back up to camp. The others shook their heads, wondering what had gotten into him. In a few minutes he returned carrying some rope. He waded out into the water and tied the rope onto one of the hind legs of the dead crustacean. He talked the others into helping him pull the crab up onto the beach out of the water, before it sank too deeply in the sand. It took all of them straining on the rope to move the giant crab, but finally they managed to get it free of the water and up onto the sandy beach.
Camran picked up the stone ax, which he had also retrieved from camp when getting the rope and started hacking away at one of the joints in the crab's leg. The membrane at the joint cracked easier than Camran expected. He and Bran peeled it back, exposing the white meat inside. Camran took out his knife and cut out a foot-long section. He gave the meat to Druc to give to Eagle. It was his crab.
Druc walked over to where the bird stood and fed him the white meat. At first the bird wanted to attack it and tear it apart, until he tasted it. He gulped it down and two more pieces like it before he had his fill. Bran commented that Eagle was going to want them to catch one of those every night from now on, which brought on laughter from everyone. Druc said he hoped they didn't see anymore of them, even out of the way of danger. Eagle would probably go and try to eat it.
Once Eagle was through eating, Camran called on the others to help cut off the other legs. None of them had ever heard of eating anything like this before. Camran assured them they would like it.
They finished dragging the legs up to camp before Twil and Uri returned from their scouting trip. They reported they had found nothing important. They certainly were astonished to see and hear what had taken place while they were away.
That night, while they kept a constant watch for more crabs, Camran fixed dinner for them all. He placed the white meat on wooden racks set across boiling pans of water. It didn't take long to stream enough crab for them all to have a feast. They considered it the most delicious dinner they had yet eaten in their newfound world.
The story of what Eagle had done was retold to the two men who weren't there to see it. By the time they finished the story, anyone who didn't know better would have thought the bird was twenty feet tall and went around killing giant crabs at will.
Eagle ate a couple more pieces of crab that evening while he perched on a rock near Druc, completely unconcerned about what was going on around him.
Chapter 41

The flowers were beginning to wilt with the coming of fall, but not all the flowers, some of the species lasted all year long. The winters were mild near sea level in most areas of the world. Many of the trees lost their leaves in the fall as well, but the biting cold that gripped the mountain ranges rarely hit the coastal regions.
The Ruler stood in his garden working away, as he usually did part of each day. He knew it had been too good to be true. For almost two and a half weeks there had been very few incidents involving disease or wild animal attacks. He was beginning to think the quest for the bridge had unraveled some mystery to stop the evil spreading across the land. His hopes were dashed as the last two days saw reports of an increase in the evil incidents. The increase was small, yet it meant the stoppage had been only temporary, and appeared to be on the rise once more.
There had been no word from, or regarding the whereabouts of the seven quest members. He wondered where they were and how they were doing. If he read the last few weeks correctly, they must be doing all right, that is if they were at all responsible for the slow down in evil activity around the land. He figured it could only be due to the group and its successes.
As he went back to pruning the shrub he had been working on, he said a silent prayer for the safety and luck of the seven people facing danger on behalf of the rest of the citizens of the world.
Chapter 42

A cold rain fell as the tired group of adventurers finally reached the warehouse and dock area across from Serpent Isle. The last few days of travel had been difficult. The terrain in many places was steep and heavily overgrown. Each night they would make camp and go immediately to bed out of pure exhaustion. Fortunately, they had no other major problems since encountering the crab a couple of weeks earlier, other than two minor animal incidents. Those animals were small and easily eliminated before they could reach anyone and cause any injury. They had seen several other animals in the distance, but they had posed no threat to the group.
Twice they saw large crabs moving slowly along the beach, looking for food on the rocks far below them. One day they even debated on whether it would be worthwhile to go hunt one for dinner. Even though they would have liked to have had another crab dinner they decided not to take any chances with their safety, and so left them well enough alone. They also thought it lucky Eagle didn't see them.
The warehouse and docks were empty except for a handful of workmen. It was their job to watch the area and coordinate the outgoing shipments. They also unloaded and stored the weapons brought over from Serpent Isle, until they were picked up by the overland caravans. The caravans would bring in orders for the Vulcan then return carrying the weapons. Their overland route was quite a bit inland from the route the seven took on the way to Serpent Isle. They thought it best not to take any chances encountering trading caravans along the way, since there would be no way of knowing who among them, if any, might pose a threat.
Even the workmen on the docks and those in the warehouses never saw the Vulcan, except occasionally from a distance, and then always at night. They would dock a ship of weapons then return to the Isle by way of a smaller ship. The fully laden ship would be unloaded and reloaded from the warehouses during the following day. The next night the smaller ship would return to pick up the larger ship and take it back to the Isle.
The Isle was clearly visible out in the water, not more than a couple of hours travel by ship.
The worker that Camran talked to didn't know when the Vulcan would be returning with another ship. He said it could be that night or a week from that night. No, he said, there was no way to summon them, either; you just must wait for them to show up. He said they weren’t expecting any incoming shipments for a few days yet so most likely the Vulcan won't be returning for the next couple of nights. As Camran continued talking with the man, he discovered that he had been working on the docks for some time and had never seen a Vulcan up close. He had only glimpsed one in all that time, and that was from a distance, and it had been after dark. The Vulcan would always leave instructions with the ship when they brought it over. Camran asked if there were any rooms where they could spend the time waiting. The worker said no, no one ever stayed there. The overland caravans came in and the carriers were reloaded and left immediately. And they would always choose to camp a few miles down the road instead of near the wharf.
He, as well as the other workers, kept eyeing the large bird that was obviously with them, although Eagle stayed in the air most of the time. As he left the worker, Camran asked him to pass the word that the bird was not to be harmed. The worker had no doubt that Camran and the others, especially the Saturnian with the golden staff, meant business.
The seven companions had no choice but to camp and wait. Camran had hoped to get some sort of a room so they could get out of the rain. It had rained for the last two days and they were all tired of being soaking wet. Not too far away from the docks the seven set up camp, spending some extra time making sure they had enough area covered above them to stay dry and warm. As they went about their business, the workers stared at the group, especially the bird that found a perch nearby. Camran didn't know whether they had ever seen a bird that large before. He didn't want to tell them Eagle was only a baby.
Eagle had learned to fly well by the time they reached the Vulcan docks. In fact, as they traveled, he spent a lot of his time in the air circling or waiting a short way up ahead for them to arrive, then he would fly farther on. That may have been one reason they had few problems with animals. Eagle undoubtedly had been scaring some of them off. Although he spent a good deal of time in the air, he never ventured very far from Druc. At times he would fly back and circle to make sure everything was all right.
The days were long as they waited for some sign of the Vulcan. After three days of waiting there still was no sign the Vulcan were going to bring a ship over any time soon. Camran and the rest of the group talked about ways they might be able to go out to the Isle by themselves but decided against it for the time being. If they had to wait much longer then they would have to try something else. They really hated to lose the time they were wasting just sitting around.
On the fourth night the Vulcan finally brought a ship across to the docks, for all the good it did them. As the dock workers tied up the ship, with the lines thrown to them by no one they could see, the smaller ship began, almost immediately, to head back to the Isle. It had followed the larger one and somehow transferred the crew off the stern onto the smaller vessel without being seen.
Even though they missed the Vulcan that night, they were due to come back the following night to retrieve the ship. It was not allowed for anyone to be near the ship when the Vulcan returned. More than one person had meant their fate by trying to see the Vulcan up close, or to talk to them by waiting on the ship or near it when the smaller vessel returned. It was said the Vulcan possessed great powers, the likes of which had never been seen by any other race in the world. Foolish was the man who remained on or near the ship for the Vulcan to discover.
This was Druc's mission, so before the day turned into evening, he gathered everyone together and told them he was going to wait on the ship by himself. There was no other way that he could figure to approach them that made any sense. He said he wasn't at all concerned for his safety. He had no doubt he would be okay; the staff would be his ticket to the Isle. There was some disagreement by the others, even though they knew it was the only way. They hadn't forgotten the last time they waited for Druc to reappear after passing through the rock door.
Druc went to the person in charge of the docks and told him he was going to wait on the ship for the Vulcan that night. The man started to protest, saw Eagle flying a short way above and the golden staff in the Saturnian's grasp, and thought better of it. "It's your funeral," said the man, and walked away.
Druc said farewell to his friends, they all gave him a hug. He then climbed up onto the ship to await the arrival of the smaller one. It wasn't quite dark, so he had some hours to wait before he thought they would show. Eagle alternated sitting on the masts, on the railing, or flying around above the ship.
Some hours after dark Druc heard, rather than saw, the smaller ship coming into the docks. It had begun to rain again, and the night was darker because of it. Eagle nervously paced up and down the railing not too far from him. He had never flown at night that Druc had ever seen.
Not too long after he first heard sounds of the smaller ship it pulled astern of the larger one. Druc's heart beat fast as he waited for a rare glimpse of the Vulcan when they came aboard. Eagle was beside himself, squawking and pacing along the railing.
Druc's mouth dropped open as he watched the first hooded figure come over the railing. He hadn't climbed anything; he just floated up and over the rail in some form of levitation. He could make out nothing of the dark cloaked figure. It was too dark and rainy.
The last thing Druc saw was a blue fire ball, about a foot in diameter, flying toward him.
Chapter 43

Camran sat and watched the Vulcan ship with the others that evening. The rain had started to fall once more. They had only received a few hours break from the wet weather during the time they had been waiting for the ship to arrive. The night was so dark they couldn't really see much. A long time after darkness had set in Twil said he thought he saw a light, even though he said it was very faint and he wasn't positive that it was even there. No one else saw anything, including the ship leaving. One minute it was there, barely visible through the darkness and rain, and then it wasn't there any longer. No one saw it leave the docks.
They were all concerned for Druc's safety, but they also realized he was sent here for a purpose. He would be okay. He had to be, Druc was their dear friend. Besides, as Gena pointed out, he had Eagle with him. What Vulcan would mess with Druc when Eagle was around, she questioned. Even though Gena was joking they did all feel better knowing that Eagle would indeed be with him in the event of trouble. They knew the young bird would give his life for the man.
The next morning, they saw that the ship was indeed gone. And the waiting started all over again. They recalled how much they hated the last time they had to sit around and wait for Druc's return. It hadn't been pleasant. As it would turn out, this one would be no different. But they didn't have any choice but to wait in their camp under the gloomy skies.
Chapter 44

Druc floated back and forth between light and dark, most of the time he was completely detached from all feeling of pain or pleasure. He would start to rise into the light, and then would once again drift deep down into the darkness. He didn't know whether he was dead or alive. Colors swirled in front of his eyes when he was in the area of light; bright colors that were rotating, flowing and constantly swirling, blending all their hues into an array of magical design.
He dreamed he was back home on Saturn, staring out the window at the darkening skies, black with blue streaks could mean only one thing. Another atmospheric chemical reaction was underway. They were not all that infrequent, and fortunately he had noticed this one in time. All he had to do was walk to the steps leading to the subterranean shelter, and safety. The steps going down into the shelter were not more than twenty yards from were he stood.
He continued watching out the window as the sky became darker. Below him, coming around the corner of a lower building was a young woman with her two toddlers. Alarmed, Druc didn't understand why they didn't duck into the nearest building to safety. They would never make it to the building she was headed toward before the chemical storm hit. That building was the one in which he stood looking out the window.
Without giving the situation a second thought, Druc grabbed a clear sheet of metalglass and headed out the door. The metalglass was used to protect the eyes and face of the stone and metal masons who worked and experimented in the projects at the Center. It was almost as clear as glass but was many times stronger. It was also heavy, and he strained as he carried the four by four-foot sheet down the hall and out the exit door.
Druc had no idea whether the sheet of metalglass would work. As far as he knew it had never been tried before. The woman and children were three short flights of steps below him. He hurried down the steps without regard for his own safety. Two at a time he took them until he reached the woman's side. Startled, she looked at him as though he were a stark raving lunatic. He pointed up at the sky. A look of horror came over her face as she saw and realized what was about to descend upon them.
"I didn't realize," she stammered, as Druc lifted the metalglass above her and the two children.
The shield wasn't large enough for all three to fit under, but with the woman carrying the two toddlers, they were sufficiently protected. Druc's head, hands, and part of his arms were also under the shield, at least enough to receive some cover. The rest of him wasn't. If anything was to be saved it was his hands. They were what were important. To live without his hands would be meaningless life to Druc. He was a stone mason, and one of the best. Without his hands he would lose all sense of life as he knew and loved it. If his hands, even one of them, were damaged badly he might as well die. His stonework consumed his entire life.
If they hurried and the shield held for long enough, he just might be able to get the children and woman to safety. However, he didn't think he would be able to make it without receiving some burns to his back and legs. It all depended on when the storm hit, and how heavy the chemical rain dropped when it began. He steeled himself for those first drops to land on his back.
They rushed up the stairs as fast as they were able, while Druc struggled with the heavy sheet of metalglass. Halfway through the second flight of steps the rain began, lightly at first. Still the chemicals landed on Druc's back and burned through his clothes and into his skin. He almost dropped the shield the burns hurt so badly. He could tell the shield was not going to last very long. By the time they reached the bottom of the last flight of steps the metalglass was beginning to dissolve, as the chemicals burned their way through the solid sheet. 
The woman yelled, apparently receiving a burn on her leg. The chemicals began to fall more heavily. Druc screamed as the burning liquid ate at his back and legs. Still, he held onto the shield. Step after step they climbed. It seemed to take forever, but eventually they reached the top of the last flight of steps. The doorway to the building was just a few feet away.
Druc heard himself screaming, knew the woman and children were crying, but there was nothing that could be done for any of them until they were inside the door and down the stairs to the shelter.
With only a stride to go, a large amount of the burning chemicals landed on Druc's back in one big glob. It must have run off the overhang protecting the entryway. He stumbled and fell, dropping the shield on his way down. The woman and two children were already under the protective overhang at the entrance to the building. Druc was not. He lay on the ground exposed from the middle of his back down. The chemicals continued to rain down upon him.
The woman set her children inside the doorway and turned to help the man that had saved their lives. Druc's arms were out of danger so she grabbed his hands and dragged him inside the doorway, yelling at the children to stay back and not touch the burning man.
 After pulling Druc inside the building the woman got her children to safety in the shelter and brought help back up to Druc. They placed him on a stretcher and took him into the emergency showers, located in the shelter. The water seemed to burn as bad as the chemicals when it sprayed onto the raw flesh of Druc's partially dissolved body. Ointments were applied to his legs and back, and when the storm passed, he was transferred to a hospital.
For five days and nights Druc continued to suffer in his hospital bed. The burning never stopped. And nothing would ease the pain. The chemicals continued to burn though his flesh. No amount of washing or other treatment could stop the acids from burning still deeper, until late at night on the fifth day, Druc died, the chemicals finally having reached his inner organs.
Druc relived the entire episode in excruciating detail. He experienced the pain all over again. It was all so real, exactly as though he were going through it for the first time. He tried to scream at the horror of the nightmare. Mercifully he dropped back down into unconsciousness.
Druc continued to drift in and out of semi consciousness, aware of pain in his chest and aches all over his body. He was also aware of someone tending to him, although he couldn't force his eyes open to see who was there.
Some time later Druc awoke. His body ached and his chest burned. He was wrapped in bandages from his armpits to his navel. He tried to lift his head but was unable to do so. He was lying in a comfortable bed, in a very clean and well-furnished room. The walls were made of stone blocks, painted a soft rose color. The ceiling was high and Druc stared in astonishment at the light fixtures. The lights were on. Electricity! It must have all been one long nightmare. He was back home on Saturn.
Turning his head to the right he experienced another shock. A large bird sat on the stone wall outside an open double door entry leading to a small terrace. After just resolving with himself that he was back on Saturn, seeing Eagle was too much for his brain to handle. He smiled at the bird as he passed out and slept for a few more hours.
Druc awakened to someone sitting beside him, holding a damp cloth to his forehead. It was obviously a Vulcan. She smiled as Druc looked up at her. The Vulcan was beautiful. She was more ethereal than she was physical. Druc had to look closely to make out her features she was so ghostly in appearance. She seemed to barely exist in this world. Her touch was as soft as a feather. When she spoke, her voice had the ring of fine crystal to it. Druc lay there enchanted with the beauty of the woman's face. She could have easily passed for a person from Earth or Venus, except for her size. She couldn't have been more than four feet tall. The longer he looked at her, the better he could see her, and the more beautiful she appeared.
In answer to his questions she told him he was in fact on Serpent Isle, had been there for two days. The person responsible for his injury had only been in the world for a short time. He reacted poorly when he saw him standing on the deck of the ship, holding what appeared to be some metal weapon. He fired a stun shot into your chest. Normally not fatal, but sometimes the person receiving the blow wishes it had been. She assured him he would be fine with a little more rest. She also told him that word had been sent to his friends, letting them know he was fine and that he would be on the Isle for several more days. She was sorry his friends could not be allowed to come to the Isle.
He pointed to the lights on the ceiling. “Yes,” she said, they had electricity because they had access to metal. It was a luxury they bestowed upon themselves.
“As for the bird,” gesturing toward Eagle still perched on the terrace wall, “he was a different story. He attacked the new young man that sent the fireball. Before anyone was aware the bird was there, he removed a hunk of flesh from the young man's arm. We may not look as dense physically, but we are just as vulnerable to physical difficulties as he was,” she explained. “At least up to the point we are physical.” She didn't explain the last statement.
“Anyway,” she continued, “a co-worker was able to subdue the bird with a smaller non-painful fireball. They left him on the docks, not knowing he was your companion. The Vulcan do their best not to harm anything, man or beast, unless there is a strong reason, or it is unavoidable. As to the young man who lost flesh to the bird, he will be fine, though in some pain for a short while.”
In response to Druc's question regarding all the stories about Vulcan killing those who came too close or who waited on the ships, she responded that they were just that, stories. He was living proof that they don't just kill, they stun first, if possible.
Going back to the bird, she told him that the first night after he arrived the bird showed up at the Isle, obviously flying over from the docks. He showed up outside these doorways, gesturing to the open doors, and started to break into the room. I opened the doors to stun the creature once more and when the doors were opened, he went and perched on the wall. He has been there ever since. We finally got the hint he must be with you. We have brought him some vegetables and he has eaten well. Sorry, we don't have any meat to feed him. Druc told her the bird’s name was Eagle and that he eats anything and everything, so not to worry about it.
The Vulcan woman fed him some soup and fruit. When he finished eating, he began to doze. She left to let him get some rest, saying when he was well enough, he would be taken before the council of the Isle regarding the staff he had with him. She pointed to the side of the room. There in the corner stood the golden staff.
Chapter 45

Plans were again proceeding well. For three weeks the plans he had been working on had to be put aside. All his power was directed and focused on eliminating the pain that filled his being. The light was gradually overcome during those agonizing days and he was once again feeling his full power.
Vast numbers of animals were being called out of the mountains and hills and were being directed toward the town of Val. Dozens of his men were also in route to Val to station themselves in the surrounding hills. They would eliminate any of the people who tried to leave the town after the attack from the animals began. The dark one figured to have all in place and ready to proceed in two to four weeks. Val and the interior would soon be his. Then he would be free to move into other regions of the Isle as well.
Chapter 46

Druc slowly recovered. On the third day he was able to get out of bed and walk out onto the terrace. Eagle looked at him as though he didn't have the slightest interest, except when Druc held out a large green colored fruit that was one of his favorites.
The rest of that day and all the next Druc worked on regaining his strength. The Vulcan woman, the only Vulcan he had seen thus far, brought him whatever he requested. She told him her name was Te.
The food on the Isle was delicious and hour by hour he became stronger. Te said once the effects of the stun began to wear off, they receded rapidly. She was right, just hours after he had gotten out of bed for the first time, he felt pretty much himself again. She said his recovery was quicker than usual. It was probably due to the good condition he was in, from all the walking and climbing he had been doing recently.
The building in which he recuperated sat on a hill overlooking a lush valley. From the terrace he could see a large lake, taking up much of that valley. The lake was filled with soft iridescent white lotus flowers. Te said that was how the Vulcan arrived in this world. The flowers weren't anywhere near as large as the lotus flowers out in the sea; however, they were still large in comparison to the size of the Vulcan woman. Druc hadn't thought about it before that moment, he had never heard of how the Vulcan came to be there. So far, Druc was learning that virtually everything about these people was a mystery to the rest of the world.
Late in the afternoon on the fourth day Te came to inform him the council would be seeing him after dinner that evening. While he was bedridden his clothes had been cleaned and mended. That evening after dinner he took a long bath, put on his clean clothes, and waited to be summoned to the council.
Druc gripped the golden staff firmly in his hand as he and Te walked out of the room and down the long corridor to the chamber, where waited the council members. Te stopped before a large double doorway and knocked twice. A Vulcan man opened the door to let them in. Four people occupied the room. The room itself was large with thick carpets on the floor. Two stained glass doors and brightly colored windows filled one whole side of the room, causing multicolored light to dance across the white interior walls. It wasn’t yet dark outside, and the incoming light made the room sparkle with beauty. Druc recognized the workmanship of the glass doors and windows as coming from RockView.
Te introduced him to the other four. Three were men. Much to Druc's surprise the men were only slightly taller than Te. The surprise must have shown on his face because one of the men explained how they appeared taller in their cloaks and hoods for specific reasons. But he didn’t offer any explanation. Druc assumed it was for the intimidation factor. It worked, he thought.
Te gestured to a chair in front of a large long table with five chairs arrayed behind it. The chair in the middle was raised slightly higher than the others. Druc took a seat in the chair she pointed toward, surprise again showed on his face as Te walked around behind the table and sat in the center raised chair.
Te hadn't asked him any questions up till this point. Now she began asking. She asked him to tell them all how he came to possess the golden staff, who were the others that were with him, and what the ultimate goal of their expedition was. They wanted to hear where he and the others had been and what had taken place along the way. Te asked Druc to describe the other members and their home planets as well.
At first Druc was reluctant to disclose any information regarding the nature and details of the quest. However, a feeling inside him let him know there was no danger in discussing anything with these five people. So, he answered all their questions, telling them in detail everything they wanted to know.
The only pause or disruption during the questioning came when Eagle showed up and tried to gain entry through the glass doorways. Te got up and opened the doors. Once she did, Eagle perched himself on the wall outside, where he could see Druc.
Druc felt kind of embarrassed over the incident. He had forgotten all about Eagle sitting out on the terrace wall, his mind had been on the council. He couldn't be sure, but he thought he detected flickering smiles on the faces of the five council members.
Druc continued answering their questions, as first one of the members, then the next, took their turns. After the questioning they each took a turn at inspecting the staff up close. They didn't ask Druc to hand it to them, they were content to step around from behind the table and look. Apparently satisfied with the staff and the answers Druc had given them, one by one they nodded their approval. What they had just approved Druc did not know.
When all the questions had been asked Te again resumed talking. She told Druc of another Oracle - The Oracle of the First Order. It applied to the Vulcan people. In it states that a long time ago the Vulcan were commissioned to create such a staff. The Oracle further states that a Saturnian will deliver the golden rod to Serpent Isle. The Vulcan will re-polarize the metal so that the life essence that flows within and through the rod can be channeled into the physical world. Druc would be the directing power of this energy, once he learned how to use it. Its full power could only be used once, however. But he would have access to small amounts of power from the staff whenever it was needed. He was told that he would automatically know when to use its power.
When she was through explaining about the staff she hesitated before continuing. When she began again, she stated there was a price to pay for the re-polarization. Druc said he had some money with him. Te looked at him with a loving smile on her face. Not that kind of payment, she said. We have no need of your money.
Tomorrow morning you will be told what this process will cost you. Should you agree to pay that cost; the re-polarization will take place at that time. Should you choose not to agree you will be taken back to your friends.
Te escorted Druc back to his room, refusing to answer any more questions regarding the re-polarization. It is forbidden by the Oracle itself she told him, a look of caring on her face.
It was late when they returned to the room, so Druc went to bed. He was tired but couldn't sleep, wondering about the events the morning would bring.
Chapter 47

Early the next morning Druc was up, bathed and dressed. It had been a long night. Finally, he had fallen asleep in the early hours of the morning. He noticed Eagle sitting on the terrace wall, having found his way back after the council meeting the night before.
Druc was too nervous to eat and when Te came for him he was anxious to go and get the re-polarization finished, whatever it entailed.
Before leaving, Te walked out onto the terrace and sent a small blue fireball at Eagle. Eagle crumpled off the wall and onto the ground. He is fine she stated at Druc's alarm. He would not be able to follow us where we are going. He will be out for enough time to finish the procedure and return. Druc followed her to the door, glancing back at the loyal bird, feeling not so loyal himself.
Te took him down several flights of steps, along many long corridors and across two huge rooms before they came to a vast cavern cut out of the rock. Druc's experienced eyes could tell the room had been enlarged or created entirely by people. In the center of the cavern was a large metal vat filled with molten metal. The metal looked like pure gold.
The other four council members were present and were standing near the vat. They positioned Druc on the opposite side of the vat from where the five of them took up position. The five bowed their heads and Druc could hear their murmurs, although he couldn't make out what they were saying. When finished, they placed their hands in front of their chests and one by one emitted a blue light. The blue light expanded out into the cavern, joining with each of the other lights. The light grew to enshroud all of them, the vat and Druc. Druc watched the blue light with wide eyes, as the five returned to murmuring once more. In a few minutes they stopped. The blue light remained, filling the entire room with its soft color.
"Druc," started Te. "All things carry a price. To re-polarize the golden staff requires a great personal cost to you." She looked him directly in the eyes. "The cost is your right hand," Te calmly and softly continued. Should you accept these terms, plunge your right hand, while holding onto the staff, into the fire of molten gold. The staff will not be harmed."
Druc's knees buckled after hearing Te's words. "Not my right hand!" he cried, thinking he might as well jump into the vat himself and end it all. Without his right hand he could no longer work his trade as a stone craftsman. His right hand was the most precious thing he possessed, or so he thought during that first moment. However, without re-polarizing the staff the quest could not continue. Oh, they could and would try to continue, but Druc knew in his heart they would not be successful without him and the re-polarized staff.
One by one the faces of his dear friends passed before his eyes, even the cantankerous Eagle. He owed it to them. His hand was not as important as the rest of the group, not to mention all the other people in the world.
Refusing to think about the consequences any longer Druc stepped forward and plunged his right hand, firmly grasping the golden staff, into the molten metal.
The five Vulcan stood on the other side of the vat; each member’s heart filled with compassion for the brave Saturnian.
Druc screamed in his agony, but as he did so he felt a satisfaction deep inside for what his action was doing to the Dark One at that very moment. Without knowing how, he knew and reveled in the victory.
As Druc passed out from the agony and pain a soft familiar voice reverberated throughout every atom within his body. "Sacrifice, that is the first key."
About the Author

Don is a Vietnam Veteran. He recently spent several months in Vietnam working on his war memoirs - The Boy Died in Vietnam. He has written several novels and short stories soon to be available as e-books. His two favorite topics are love and life after death. Visit his website and new blog at the links below. Your comments are always appreciated! Please post a review.

Website - http://www.donbick.com/


