Lovestruck
Copyright 2013 Mia Rodriguez

Smashwords Edition
Thank you for downloading this free ebook.  Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. where they can discover other works by the author.  Thank you for your support.


Dedication
To Yasmin Meza whose talent and ideas made this book possible. 



Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42



Part One
Energy

“If most human beings don’t notice the eclectic energy that surrounds them, it’s because they take their own powerful force for granted.”--Grandmother Chela.



Prologue

To the naked eye, Gran Estrella High School seems like any other ordinary place—a space full of chaotic thoughts crowding and jamming the heavy airwaves:  If only I was popular—If only I was thin—If only I was rich—If only I was smarter, better, drop dead gorgeous—If only I was just more!
But what most people don’t know about Gran Estrella High School is that it is strategically located in the desert of El Paso, Texas—an energy epicenter.
What happens in an energy vortex is the best kept secret in the world.



Chapter 1

Your destiny has come.
Don’t be afraid.
The eerie message echoed through Selena Spinoza’s deep sleep.  She bolted upright from her bed and violently shook herself as if to fiercely push away the intense words that turned her skin into sharp bumps.  Trying to search her head for the weird dream the bizarre statements must’ve belonged to, she drew a blank.  Nothing!  Nothing at all came to her.  She glanced at the digital clock that flashed it was 6:30 a.m.
What?!  How can it be this late? she asked herself as she sprang up.  Her disheveled, straight, black hair bounced off her back and her dark chocolate eyes flickered with adrenaline as she shoved the mysterious words away from her.  She had too much to do before school started than to focus on what didn’t make sense.  
Destiny!
How lame!

Before continuing her conversation with Eleanor, Selena glanced at Zac Efron to make sure he was still asleep.  He snored loudly and his bulbous belly rose and fell in perfect synchronization.  Satisfied, Selena turned back to Eleanor who looked at her with curiosity.  
“Can you believe they call me gordita?” Selena asked angrily. The subject helped keep her concentration away from the strange and hectic way her morning had started.  “Don’t you think that’s rude, Eleanor?”
Eleanor Roosevelt looked at Selena with big, beautiful, long lashed eyes and mooed.  Her warm, silky, white milk sprayed into a silver bucket as Selena milked her.
“Calling me ‘little fatty’ is plain mean.  Those haters!  You don’t see me calling Zac gordito, do you?”
Zac Efron squealed loudly from his corner of the barn.
“Sorry, Zac,” Selena pleaded with her pig, his pretty brown-pink color giving off more pinkish tones than earth ones.  “I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.”
Zac quieted down but Einstein, Selena’s rooster, stood next to her and started crowing.  Selena couldn’t help thinking about how the day was completely off.  Why was Einstein crowing at this late hour instead of at his usual time?  This was why she had woken up late and was scurrying through her morning like a frenzied mouse.
When she checked her watch, Selena told herself to hurry up as she raced to the house.  Grabbing her backpack, she rushed out.  No time for breakfast today!  As was routine, Antonio Banderas ran behind her.  Ever since she had found the multi-colored, big-hearted mutt starving on the streets, he usually stayed close.  
“That’s the ugliest dog I’ve ever seen!” guffawed Brad, pointing at Antonio as soon as Selena and her dog arrived at the bus stop.  The students around him chuckled darkly.
“And you’re one of the ugliest humans he’s seen,” Selena fearlessly retorted.
The crowd roared, but Selena glared challengingly at Brad.
“Don’t you call me ugly, you gorda, you—“ Brad started to say when Antonio fiercely growled at him.  Antonio’s pointy incisors caught the sun’s light as Brad abruptly clamped his poisonous lips together.  
“You’re late,” Moonflower proclaimed when Selena reached her.  “I was starting to get worried.”
“I overslept,” Selena told her best friend.
Moonflower’s hazel eyes frowned.  “But you never oversleep, Sel.”  
Selena shrugged her shoulders.  “I feel kind of strange today.”
“Sick?”
“Maybe.  I think I’m coming down with something.”
Moonflower’s mouth pushed out a dramatic breath.  “Do you think you might have cholera?”
“No!”
“How about malaria?”
“Of course not.”
“How about—“
“Moonflower, I’m just a little off today.  I’m sure I don’t have a life threatening disease.”
“No?”
“No.”
“Okay,” she said, disappointment in her voice.
Selena smiled and shook her head.  She didn’t take her best friend’s theatrical impulses personally.  After all, Moonflower had big dreams of being a famous actress someday.  In fact, she was the one who had named Selena's pig Zac Efron in hopes of sharing the screen with the actor in the not too distant future.  Dreams were important enough to keep alive—even if it meant putting up with certain inconveniences like her friend’s bombastic exaggerations.  To Moonflower, the world was her stage as Shakespeare had written.  Besides, with a name like hers, what could anyone expect but pure theatrics all the time?  Moonflower’s parents were fascinated with the sixties, and it showed.
“I hope nothing is seriously wrong—that nothing is devouring your flesh,” Moonflower rushed dramatically, “or drinking your blood—“
“I’m fine,” assured Selena.  
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
“I hope so but—who is that?” Moonflower brusquely interrupted herself as her perfectly round widened eyes went past her best friend to gawk at whoever was behind and at a distance from Selena.
Who had caught Moonflower’s full attention?  Selena asked herself.  Why had her non-stop chatterbox BFF suddenly shut up?  Fully curious, Selena started to turn around to see who Moonflower flagrantly stared at.  
CRASH!
Giant seismic waves violently collided inside her, taking her completely by surprise.  What’s happening? she desperately wondered.  An intense force of magnetic vibrations pushed through her, savagely pulling at her.
I’m going to hit the ground, Selena thought, her legs the substance of jelly.  
I’m going down!



Chapter 2

“Are you okay?” asked Moonflower, concerned.  A pale Selena had grabbed her arm and managed to miraculously steady herself.
“I’m fine,” she mumbled, trying to get her bearings back.  The intensity of the tsunami seemed to be subsiding.  She heavily breathed out.  The day was getting more peculiar by the minute.  
“Are you sure you don’t have elephantitis or something like it?” Moonflower asked suspiciously.
“Elephantitis?—what’s that?”
“I don’t know, but it sounds bad, right?”
“I’m sure I don’t have it.” Selena asserted.  “I just lost my balance.”
Moonflower’s attention once again completely absorbed itself into that someone behind Selena.  “Who is he?” she murmured, her eyebrows furrowing deeply.
Selena turned around and her eyes finally reached the person Moonflower was talking about.  As he calmly walked towards the bus stop by himself, the sunlight hit him with such strength that she had to squint while looking at him. What Selena noticed first was different from what all the other students at the bus stop saw.  While they took immediate note of his impossible good looks, she focused on the invisible and impenetrable mask covering his face as if his true self was locked inside.  His very deep black eyes gave away nothing, a shield over them.  While he stood at an average height, he seemed to inhabit more space than the others, taking over whatever place he was in.  His wavy hair, short and dark brown, was without mousse or gel but sat natural and perfect for his overall unkempt but compelling look.  
“He has got to be a new student,” declared Moonflower as she subconsciously ran her hand over her natural caramel curls.
“Probably,” Selena stated.
“Who is that guy?” grumbled Saul Escudero as he stepped up to them.
 “We don’t know,” Selena stated.
“A new student,” said Moonflower, her eyes locked on the stranger and her mouth oddly quiet.
Saul frowned, his light brown eyes in disgust and his sandy hair touching his shoulders as he shook his head.  “Don’t we have enough dudes at school?”
Selena shrugged.  “Apparently not.”
“Look at how he stands without saying hello to anybody,” Saul snickered.
“Maybe he’s shy,” Selena offered.
Saul’s face puckered.  “I doubt if that dude is shy.”
“You never know,” Selena said.   
“I don’t like him.  Do you like him, Moonflower?” asked Saul.
“I don’t know him.”  Her eyes still wouldn’t leave him, her untypical subdued form still firmly in place.
Saul’s frown deepened.  “He seems to think he’s all that.  Don’t you think?”
“I don’t know,” Moonflower murmured.
“Everyone is acting as if he’s famous or something,” snapped Saul.
Selena’s eyes curiously darted around.  Saul turned out to be right.  The guy seemed to be affecting everyone at the bus stop.  The boys glared at him furiously and the girls eyed him with dream-filled eyes.  
“Well, I don’t like him,” Saul stated.
The bus finally arrived, and Selena hugged Antonio before boarding it.  He started running home, but he slowed down when he got to the new guy who patted him.
“Did you see that?” asked Moonflower, her eyes as round as perfect shiny marbles.  “Antonio let that guy pat him!”
Selena shrugged her shoulders as she took a seat.  “I guess Antonio likes him.”
Moonflower sat next to Selena.  “But Antonio never likes any boys.  The new boy must have some kind of a bewitching talent,” Moonflower gushed dramatically as she started to sound like herself again.
“Right,” scoffed Selena.  “You watch too many movies.”
“Movies can come true.  You never know,” Moonflower asserted, letting out a sigh.
“Nonetheless, let’s tone down the movie-speak, Moonflower.”
Moonflower rolled her eyes.  “Sel, you’ve got no imagination.  Just look at the guy—it’s obvious he’s so mysterious.” 
Disinterested, Selena gazed out the window and started going over her research paper in her head about the remarkable Science of the Mayas.  It was due that week, and she needed to make sure she had covered all her bases. 
“Guess what?  I’ve lost five pounds,” whispered Moonflower with proud eyes.
“What?” Selena asked, coming back to earth.
“I’ve lost five pounds.”  Moonflower’s voice quivered excitedly.
Constantly on some kind of a diet, Selena had a difficult time keeping up with Moonflower’s schemes for fast weight loss.  The more bizarre the diet was, the more she wanted to try it.  Once Moonflower had heard that if she ate everything fast during a full moon, the pounds would come off.  She ended up gaining weight.  
“Really?  Five Pounds?” Selena tried to sound interested.
“I’ll be skinny in no time and discovered by Hollywood as I glide to my locker, not having a clue that I’m about to be shot to stardom,” she stated in a breathy tone.
“A talent scout will be at school?” 
“It could happen,” she said dejectedly.
“I guess so.  You know more about those things than I do.”
“If not, at least I’ll be so skinny and sexy that I’ll get asked out for sure,” Moonflower asserted, glancing at the new guy who had just boarded the bus and was walking towards them.  He sat only a seat away.
By the time the bus pulled out, Moonflower’s hands had perspired so much that the fashion magazine she put on her lap every morning to hide her supposed big stomach kept slipping out of her hands.
“Are you okay, Moonflower?” Selena asked.  Her friend was acting odd.
“It’s hot in here.  Isn’t the air conditioning on?”
“The temperature seems okay to me.”
“It’s not okay,” Moonflower grumbled nervously.  “It’s boiling in here.”
“Maybe you’re getting sick too.”
Her face crumbled tragically and breathing grew ragged as she put her right hand to her forehead, the palm facing up.  “Oh my gosh!  Sel, you don’t think I have elephantitis, do you?”
“Even though I have no idea what that is, I’m pretty sure you don’t.”
Her face completely relaxed.
But something is definitely in the air, thought Selena as she took the magazine and put it in Moonflower’s backpack.
“Thank you,” she said, laying her hands on her stomach in a self conscious way.
“You’re welcome,” Selena answered.
“Selena, does my stomach look huge?” whispered Moonflower, worried.
“Don’t be silly, Moonflower, and stop sucking it in so much, or you’re going to faint,” Selena whispered back.
“I’m fat; I have to suck it in.”
Selena frowned.  “You’re not fat.  It’s all in your head.”
“No, it’s not.”
“Yes, it is.”
“No, it’s not,” Moonflower insisted.
Selena rolled her eyes.  “Okay, whatever.”
When they arrived at Gran Estrella High School, a modern sprawling building that looked more like a college than a high school, Moonflower stared painfully at the new guy walking in the opposite direction.  Selena went inside her head, making sure she had done her math homework correctly.  Moonflower and Selena had first period Pre-Calculus.
“He’d probably never look our way,” Moonflower said desolately.
“Who?” Selena asked.
Moonflower let out a frustrated noise.  “I was saying that the new guy would probably never notice us.”
“Nope,” Selena said, disinterested.
“Probably not even a stupid glance,” Moonflower sighed dramatically.  “We’re destined never to be noticed by someone like him.”
“Who cares?  Moonflower, we don’t even know who he is inside.  He could turn out to be a serial killer.”
“Sel, please, he’s not a serial killer.”
“We don’t know him.”
“Still, it would be nice to be noticed once in a while.”
“It would be nice to get out of high school in one piece,” Selena stated.  
“I just want our junior year to be awesome.  You’ve got to admit that so far, it’s been one huge, catastrophic re-run of PBS.”
Selena rolled her eyes.  “Hey, I like PBS and besides, getting through our next to last year and then rushing through being seniors as we pick up that diploma on our way to college is awesome enough for me.”   
“Sel, you’re so boring.”
“Yep.”

Selena and Moonflower sat across from each other in the cafeteria at 12:12 eating tacos that made a crisp crunching noise when bit.  The soothing sound helped Selena absorb herself in the difficult math problem she was asking Moonflower about.  
“Stop working for a second,” implored Moonflower.  “Let’s talk about something fun.”  
“Did your mom say it was okay for you to stay over this weekend?”
“She said it would be fine to stay Friday,” Moonflower gushed, her energetic voice in a hurry.  “We’re going to have so much fun, Sel!  There are so many things to do—stay up late, watch T.V., hang out, talk about boys—“
“We can do extra credit for Pre-Calculus class.”  
Moonflower let out an irritated sound.  “Ew—no!  Let’s watch some movies instead, okay?”
“There are a few foreign movies already on DVD.”
“Selena,” Moonflower stated, sounding out the whole name with annoyance, “you’re not making me watch anything educational on my time off, okay?”
“We’ll watch junk food movies, but stop being so touchy.”
“Don’t be so uptight all the time.  Fun isn’t a bad thing.”
“Okay,” Selena grudgingly agreed.  “What movies did you want to watch?”
Moonflower started answering when she suddenly shifted her eyes away and stopped at mid-sentence.  The air seemed to spark, and the hair on Selena’s arms stood straight up as if too much electricity was floating around.  
What is going on? she wondered with frustration.  



Chapter 3

Selena followed Moonflower’s intent eyes to find that the new guy had entered the cafeteria.  Oh, he’s what’s going on, she said dryly to herself.  The whole place had grown unnaturally quiet.  Selena tried to go back to her math problem but couldn’t concentrate.  Instead, she watched him like everyone else in the cafeteria was doing.
His strong but graceful form walked unselfconsciously to pick up his tray.  The rumpled blue jeans and white T-shirt he wore, instead of making him look sloppy, gave him an ‘I don’t care what you think’ aura, as if such trivial matters were of no importance to him.  His guarded deep black eyes avoided contact with everyone and instead, focused on picking his food.  He chose tacos and those behind him did the same while those in front changed their selection to his.
Selena grew slightly irritated with all the lovestruck sighing that so many girls were making.  It was a far worse racket than the one her animals made when they were sick and screeching uncontrollably.  Luckily, her animals were healthy, and they healed very fast, but the girls at school didn’t look like they would be healing any time soon from the serious lovespell sickness the stranger seemed to be causing them.  Selena had to admit, though, that there was something about the guy.  It was a certain something that caused people to gawk at him, and it wasn’t just his good looks.
“Look at everyone going crazy for that guy, as if any of us regular humans have any chance with his hot self,” retorted Moonflower, rolling her eyes.
He seemed embarrassed while looking for a place to sit, as if he didn’t like being the center of attraction.  How can someone like him not be used to massive attention? Selena wondered.
Cherise, a cheerleader, invited him to eat at the ugly table where the students who seemed to think they were superior to everybody sat.  Selena had nicknamed them the mega-uglies and was eternally grateful that there were only a few in that particular circle.  Cherise’s long blonde hair bounced flirtingly and her blue eyes threw confident sparkles.  Asher, Cherise’s best friend and look-a-like, didn’t seem too happy about Cherise’s invitation.  Apparently, he isn’t up to Princess Asher’s standards, thought Selena.  Asher’s overall attitude had gotten worse ever since she hadn’t made the cheerleading squad with her buddy.
“Sit with us,” Cherise insisted.
“No thanks,” he said, walking away nonchalantly.  Every mouth in the cafeteria flung wide open.  No boy had ever turned down Cherise and the student body stared at the new guy with even more fascination than before as he sat by himself in a corner.
“He’s probably playing hard to get,” informed Moonflower.
“Probably.”
“I’m sure he’s stuck up,” Moonflower stated.  “Just like Saul said he was.”
“Maybe.”
“We’re lucky we’re not stuck like flies waiting to be prayed upon in his spider web of devastating heartbreak like the other girls here,” Moonflower insisted dramatically.
Selena chuckled.  “Very lucky.”
Moonflower vehemently nodded.  “The guy has no car, dresses all plain, and refuses to talk to anybody.  What’s the big deal about him, anyway?”
“Yeah, what’s the big deal?” Selena asked, tearing her sight away from him.
“It’s not like he’s Taylor Lautner, Rob Pattinson, or Zac Efron.”
Selena shrugged her shoulders.
“He’s just a plain, boring guy,” Moonflower added.
Selena didn’t want to argue with her best friend but of one thing she was positive, the new guy was not plain—not in looks or in personality.

Having just gotten through fifth period and her favorite subject of College Prep English, Selena joyfully arrived at her last class of the day—World Science.  The sun shone brighter, the birds chirped louder and the air smelled fresher at the end of the school day.  She sat comfortably in her chair waiting for the bell to start class, relieved to be in a classroom that day instead of the lab with the uncomfortable stools.  If conducting experiments, Mr. Honeybee would exchange rooms with the Biology teacher.  
Selena pulled out her research paper on the Mayas and busied herself by going over it when she felt an electrical charge causing miniscule magnetic snaps on her skin.  Strange day, she said to herself.  Very bizarre.  
Selena’s Grandmother Chela, wonderfully eccentric and her only living grandparent, had told her a long time ago that El Paso and its surrounding areas were in the middle of an energy epicenter.  With two countries, Mexico and the United States, two major border cities—El Paso and Juarez, three states--Texas, New Mexico, and Chihuahua, and countless of towns and small cities coming together including her town of Gran Estrella, eclectic electricity flowed through the air and occasionally sparked like it was doing now.  Selena figured it was what caused her to feel ill with the shift in energy.  As she looked up to see if anyone else was experiencing the same, the door swung wide open.
He stepped in.
The new guy.
Oh no!



Chapter 4

The noisy classroom became as quiet as a library.  Selena sighed and shook her head.  What’s with this guy?  Why does he do this every time he goes into a room?  What’s up with that?  And of all the sixth period classes, he had to go into hers.  With relief, she realized there were no empty chairs near her.  She was better off not sitting next to someone who attracted so much attention to himself.  
The bell rang and she prepared to annoy the rest of the class by turning in her paper early since it was due on Friday.  She couldn’t say she blamed them.  If I wasn’t me, I’d annoy me too, but I’m tired of messing with the paper and need to unload it, she said to herself. 
“Class,” barked Mr. Honeybee, his obsession with Albert Einstein more apparent than ever as his dyed white hair fluffed out in crazy directions.  “I’d like to introduce a new student to class.  This is Xavier Jones.  Please tell us about yourself.”
The new guy looked as if he hated being up there.  “My name is Xavier Jones like Mr. Honeybee said.  There isn’t much to say.”
“What school did you come from?” asked Mr. Honeybee.
“I was in school in London before this,” he said uncomfortably, his opaque eyes even more closed off than when Selena had seen them earlier.  No British accent, she thought.
“But you’re American, right?” asked Mr. Honeybee.
“Yes.”
“How did you like London?” Mr. Honeybee asked.
“It was fine,” he mumbled.  
“Did you meet Harry Potter?” teased Kevin with a sloppy British accent and most of the students chuckled.
“Have you met him off the pages of a book?” Xavier Jones asked sarcastically.
The students roared with laughter and snickered at Kevin who turned a bright reddish pink.  
“Jerk,” Kevin mumbled under his breath as he shuffled in his chair.  Suddenly crashing to the ground with a loud thud, Kevin sat on the floor with a surprised and bewildered expression on his face.  
“Who pulled the chair from under me?” Kevin demanded as he stumbled to his feet.
“No one,” answered an annoyed Mr. Honeybee.  “You did it to yourself.”
“But I’m sure someone pulled it,” assured Kevin, almost pleading for anyone to believe him
“There’s an empty chair behind you.” remarked Mr. Honeybee, his voice at its most aggravated.  “Stop trying to save face and sit down.”
Students started snickering and yelling, “I’m falling, I’m falling.”
“Settle down,” demanded Mr. Honeybee.
Xavier Jones started heading towards the first empty chair he could find on the other side of the classroom.  Thank goodness, Selena said to herself.
“Xavier, don’t sit there,” Mr. Honeybee told him.  Saul, you sit over there.”  He pointed where Xavier was about to sit.  “Xavier, you sit where Saul was at.”
Great! Selena thought.  Saul sat behind her and now he had to exchange seats with Xavier Jones.  I’m stuck.
Xavier Jones walked to Saul’s desk and breezed by Selena.  She could feel her inner peacefulness become disrupted like Alka Seltzer dropped in water.  The hair on her arms stood straight up as his shiny black eyes flickered at her before he sat down. 
 “Xavier, this is Selena Spinoza,” Mr. Honeybee said.  “I want you to sit behind her because she’s one of the smartest students in school, and she is very helpful.”
“Hi,” he said flashing a movie star smile—the kind that made huge stars out of unknowns.
“Hi,” Selena returned, not wanting to be rude but not giving him his sparkling smile back.  She wanted to tell him to save his charm—not to waste it on her, especially since there were so many girls desperately hungering for it.  She angrily tried to regroup and regain her annoyingly disturbed balance.
Selena abruptly turned to face the front as Mr. Honeybee started class.  Mr. Honeybee discussed the subject of energy sources and then gave a half hour of reading time.  As Selena was about to focus her eyes on her Science textbook, she felt a light tap on her shoulder causing an electrical zap.
“Ow!” Selena cried under her breath.
“Static,” he said.  “Sorry.”
She quickly looked around to make sure no one had heard her cry out.  Luckily, Mr. Honeybee had stepped out, and everyone was chattering.
“Can I help you with something?” Selena asked, tilting her head to the side and not turning around. 
“You like The Diary of a Young Girl?” Xavier Jones asked.
“How did you—“
“I can see it in your mesh backpack.”
“I love it,” Selena said defensively, still without turning around.  Some of the boys had groaned loudly in English class when the book had been assigned.  They had wanted to read more of a male-defeats-the-world kind of a book.
“I admire that book too,” he stated.
Selena turned to face him and her eyes caught his curious ones.  They were much more inviting than they had been earlier, and his face was much more open.  “Really?” she asked.
“Yes, really.”
“Are you messing with me?  Do you really like The Diary of a Young Girl?”
“Anne Frank was one of the most amazing human beings who ever lived.”
Selena stared at him for a few seconds and then turned back around, trying to banish what she had seen in his eyes from her mind.  From far away, his windows to his soul had heavy curtains that intrigued everyone with their mystery but up close, she could discern a certain deep sadness.  She was sure something was hurting him, but it was none of her business.  
Trying hard to concentrate on her textbook, she shut all other thoughts out until the bell rang.  At her locker, she exchanged the books she needed and headed for the bus.  When she stepped on, she immediately noticed that Moonflower had saved her a place across from Xavier Jones’s seat.  She shook her head and gave a light groan.  Great! Why can’t he disappear into the crowd?  Why does he have to be everywhere I’m at?  And it really doesn’t help that so many girls have a whole tragic romance built up about him in their squishy lovestruck heads.  Selena very reluctantly sat next to Moonflower.  
"I've got so much homework," complained Moonflower.
"I don't have that much today," Selena said.
"Hi, ladies," greeted Saul who sat in the seat behind them.  
"Hi, Saul," said Moonflower.
"You look like a rainbow butterfly," he said to her.
What does a rainbow butterfly look like? Selena wondered.  Sometimes Saul didn’t make a lot of sense, but his intentions were good.  He was into theatre but not as much as Moonflower who could easily memorize lines.  Saul, however, often needed help since his vocabulary wasn’t large.
"Thank you," Moonflower gushed. 
"Selena, would you help me with my research paper?  Now that they've moved me, I couldn't ask you in class," Saul grumbled, throwing an irritated glance at Xavier Jones.
"Sure."
Saul handed her some paperwork.  "This is what I've got so far."
Xavier Jones’s searching eyes fell on Selena as she read the page.  She grimaced, not liking being stared at. 
"I like that you're doing your research paper on Benjamin Franklin’s inventions,” she said, gulping.  “Benjamin Franklin is one of my favorites, but I don't see a thesis statement here.”  
"Do I have to have one?"
"Yes!  What kind of a research paper would it be without a thesis?"
"Okay, I'll work on it."
"Just remember that your thesis statement is what your paper is about,” Selena stated, trying her hardest not to think about where Xavier Jones’s focus was.  His solid gaze stayed stubbornly on her.  
"Okay."
"I'll check it for you when you finish it."
"Thanks, dude."
It had taken a while for her to get used to him calling her dude, but that was what he called everybody—everybody except Moonflower.  Selena smiled warmly at Saul, subconsciously shifting her sight and catching up to Xavier Jones’s dark eyes.  He didn’t even flinch as he openly and curiously gazed into her.  Why does he keep staring?  Selena quickly yanked her eyesight away.  Clearing her throat, she tried to get her mind back on track.
"Saul," Selena nervously uttered, "you've only got until Friday, so you have to get going."
"Maybe it's too late for me to get this done," he said dejectedly.
"Of course you can get it done.  It's only Monday, but you can't be fooling around.  You've got to sit down and do it.  You can do it, Saul, you really can.  I’ll help you any way I can."
Saul smiled.  "Thanks, dude.  Thanks a lot."
When Selena stepped off the bus, finally and thankfully, Antonio was already waiting for her with his tail wagging happily.  She patted him on the head as she said goodbye to Moonflower and walked towards home.  
"That dog has got to be the ugliest thing in the world," sneered Brad, laughing and walking in the opposite direction.
Selena angrily knelt down and hugged her dog.  "Don't pay any attention to that jerk, Antonio.  He's the ugly one."
Selena stood up to find Xavier Jones's curious eyes on her.  Then she heard a loud thud.  When she looked in the direction of it, she saw Brad sputtering angrily from the ground.  
“Stupid thing,” he kept saying furiously, pointing at a huge rock.
The jerk must’ve tripped, Selena said to herself, not being abe to help the sudden smile that sprang to her lips, but then she chastized herself because it wasn’t good to be happy about someone’s misfortunes, even a jerk like Brad.
Brad tried to stand up but due to complete uncoordination, he kept falling.  The more he attempted to get up, the more students mocked and ridiculed him.  One of his friends finally helped him to his feet.
Selena shifted her eyes away to find Xavier Jones’s solid gaze still on her and groaned.  She quickly started going home, and he quietly walked behind her.  Selena kept ordering herself not to do anything stupid like turning around and starting a conversation to see why he stared at her so much.  Did she have something funny on her face?  Maybe I remind him of someone, she reasoned.  As she stepped inside the gate to her house, she questioned where he lived.  It must be somewhere up the street, she thought.  Hopefully far away from me. 
She couldn’t help wondering what had brought him all the way to the little town of Gran Estrella in the outskirts of El Paso from the far distance of London.
Why is he here?



Chapter 5

“Mom, where are you?” Selena called out as soon as she walked in the door.
“In the kitchen.”
Selena headed towards her mother’s voice.  “Hi, Mom,” she greeted Mrs. Spinoza, a Salma Hayek look-a-like.  The voice of Selena Quintanilla Perez blasted from the C.D. player in the kitchen.  She was Mrs. Spinoza’s favorite singer and even though she had been tragically killed, her music lived on.  When Mrs. Spinoza’s only child was born, choosing a name for the baby had been easy.
“Buenas tardes, preciosa,” Mrs. Spinoza said, kissing Selena’s forehead.
“Mom, have you noticed anything strange today?”
“Like what?” Mrs. Spinoza asked as she tried pulling apart two bright red lovebird magnets from the refrigerator door.
“What are you doing?”  
“These magnets came together, and I can’t separate them,” Mrs. Spinoza said, annoyed.  The vein on her forehead popped out with all the strength she was trying to muster.
Selena took the magnets from mom’s hands and easily snapped them apart.
“How did you do that? I couldn’t get them to budge.”
Selena shrugged and chuckled as she handed the magnets back to her mom.    “I guess milking Eleanor has given me powerful hands.”
“Yes, preciosa, taking care of those animals has made you very strong,” she said, looking at the magnets in her hands with a perplexed look.  She could feel them pulling towards each other.
“My troop needs a lot of care.”
 “Selenita, you spoil your animals way too much, especially Zac,” Mrs. Spinoza stated, putting the magnets on opposite sides of the refrigerator door.
“I can’t help it if Zac needs a lot of attention.”
“Zac thinks he’s human.  He doesn’t know he’s a pig.”
Selena chuckled.  “I know, Mom.”
The lovebird magnets started slowly pulling towards one another.  Suddenly, they snapped together again, making a melodious clinking sound.
“I guess they wanted to stay together,” stated Mrs. Spinoza, furrowing her eyebrows.
“There must be something especially magnetic about the atmosphere today,” Selena informed her.
“What?”
“You know, Mom, the earth is magnetic.  It comes from the earth’s core.”
“My daughter—the brain.”
“I just pay attention in Science class,” Selena said, sitting at the table.
“No, preciosa, it’s not just that.  You’re very smart.”
“Thanks, Mom.”  
"So, how was your day?" asked Mrs. Spinoza with a bright smile.
Selena smiled back, basking in her mother's light.  Even though she lived in a double wide mobile home and not in one of those huge houses in the area, she doubted that the people who lived in them had any more warmth in their homes than she had in hers.  
"A little off balance.  How was your day, Mom?"
"Good, but why was your day off balance?
“Nothing important.”
 Mrs. Spinoza didn’t look too convinced.  “Nothing at all?”
“Just stuff,” Selena said uncomfortably.
“Stuff?”
“Yes.”
Mrs. Spinoza still didn’t look convinced, but she dropped the subject.  “I've been waiting for you to eat.  I've made green enchiladas."
Selena’s mouth watered.  "I'm starving.”
“Put away your things and we’ll eat.”

Selena and her mother sat at the dining table.  The kitchen was Selena's favorite room in the house since it had so much of her parents in it.  Her father had actually made the oblong, oak table and chairs they were sitting on at that particular moment.  Mr. Spinoza had also replaced all the cabinets with his own woodwork, matching the table.  All over the kitchen were her mother's creations from knitted oven mitts to an embroidered tablecloth and flowing bright yellow curtains.  In fact, Mrs. Spinoza had sewn the curtains for every window in the house.  
Selena smiled peacefully in their shared space, letting the green enchiladas melt in her mouth.  Mrs. Spinoza stared at her daughter as if there was something different about her.
"Anything new at school?" Mrs. Spinoza asked suspiciously.
Selena gagged on the cheese of the enchiladas.  " Well . . . kind of . . ."
"What's new?"
"There's a new boy," Selena stated.
"A new boy?  What about this new boy?"
"He's kind of strange."
"Strange?  In what way?"
"He doesn't talk much. . .  He was in England before here . . . He says he’s a big admirer of Anne Frank . . . And all the girls at school are in love with him."
"Oh," Mrs. Spinoza said with concern.  She knew that her daughter acted tough but actually had a very tender heart.  If only a nice young man would see what an amazing person she was but unfortunately, at this age especially, boys were looking for Suzie Cheerleader.  She remembered how Selena had had a huge crush on a boy who had broken her heart.  Mrs. Spinoza sighed deeply.  
"Tell me more about your day,” insisted Selena.
As her mother started telling Selena about all of her sewing projects, Mrs. Spinoza did piecework for extra money, Selena shook her head.
"Mom, that's too much work for you."
"Selena, I'll be fine.  I can sew with my eyes closed."
"But, Mom—"
"Stop worrying, young lady.  That's an order."
But Selena couldn't help worrying.  It had only been two short years ago that her mother had come very close to dying.  How could she be expected not to worry?  Selena still found it hard to say the word cancer.  
"Mom, I wish you wouldn't tire yourself out," implored Selena.
"I'm not."
Selena shook her head knowing she was arguing a losing battle.  Her mom was going to do what she was going to do no matter what.  Stubbornness was unfortunately a family trait.  
"Is dad going to be late again?" Selena asked.
"He’s got a lot of work."
"He's been working too hard," Selena said, worried.
"He's fine, preciosa.  Your dad is very strong."
"Mom, I was thinking--"
"No, Selenita."
"But--"
"We've already talked about this," Mrs. Spinoza said sternly.
"But it doesn't make sense why you won't let me get a part time job.  You and dad need my help."
"Selenita, you've got school, and you've got to help me take care of our little farm.  What would your animals do without you?"
"I can handle it, Mom."
"No, Selenita, no.  Besides you've got to keep your grades high for a scholarship.  Your college, your future, is what's most important.  We'll manage, preciosa."
Selena shook her head in frustration.  "You and dad are so stubborn," she muttered under her breath.  



Chapter 6

Your destiny.
Selena abruptly woke up with those words clanging in her ears like noisy pots and pans falling from their hidden places.
Your destiny.
This time the words had been accompanied by an intense nightmare that had come at her like a tornado out of nowhere, and she couldn’t shake the sensation of still being in it.  She could still feel her rapid breath, her wet clammy skin, and most of all, her overwhelming desire to keep running as the ominous dream played in her head.
Eyes.
Many, many eyes.
Fierce, yellow ones with dark, bead-like pupils stared at her from all around.  The actual faces belonging to them stayed silently obscured through a thick, merciless fog with only the animal-like predator eyes pushing through the vapor.  Clear and lit-up, they violently glared with unwavering obstinacy at her.
While the thick gray fog that sat like a burdensome blanket on her made her feel as if she was blind, she still kept one foot in front of the other, desperately hoping she wouldn’t trip or crash into anything head on.  
“I just need to keep moving,” she said to herself, her heart beating fast.
“Turn back,”  a serene woman’s voice implored behind her, the same one as in her previous dream.  Selena tried to distinguish a face but could only see a silhouette through the murky atmosphere.  “Go back,” the woman insisted.
“The eyes . . .”  Selena couldn’t manage to say more.
“Just go back.”
“But—“
“You have to go back.”
“What’s behind there?” Selena asked.
“Your destiny.”
“My destiny?” Selena asked incredulously.  “I don’t believe in such a thing.”
“You will.”
“But—“
“You can’t run away from your fate.”
“My what?”
“Your destiny.” 
Selena sat up from her bed, trying to prevent herself from hyperventilating as her breathing sharpened to spastic fits.  Those yellow eyes haunted her along with the serene woman’s voice that had seemed so real instead of part of a fog-filled nightmare.  
What was that about destiny? Selena wondered, trying to push the word away from her.  
Why does that word keep haunting my dreams?
How bizarre.

After taking care of her animals, Selena had breakfast with her mother.  She poured Mrs. Spinoza’s homemade salsa over the scrambled eggs and slices of browned potatoes.  She hadn’t realized how hungry she was until she took the first bite.
“Mom, do you believe in destiny?” Selena asked, the word still bothering her.
“Destiny?”
“Yes.”
Mrs. Spinoza grew pensive for a few seconds.  “Yes, I believe in destiny.”
“You do?”
“Yes, but I also believe it’s not set in stone.  I believe you make your choice whether to follow your destiny or not.  Why do you ask?”
“I was just wondering.”



Chapter 7

Moonflower chatted non-stop about a movie she had seen the previous night.  Selena tried to concentrate on her instead of thinking about the sight of Xavier Jones easing towards the bus stop.  His strong shape gracefully moved forward and his private eyes seemed lost in their own world.  But as Selena finally managed to shut him out of her mind, he nonchalantly glided up to them.  Moonflower hastily stopped her continuous chattering.
"Hi," he said.
"Hello," Selena and Moonflower returned in unison.
“Nice weather,” he said awkwardly.
“Yeah,” Moonflower answered, completely taken aback by him.
"Well, see you later," he said to Selena as he stepped away, his footprints on the sandy ground marking the reality that had been his presence for that tiny moment.
Moonflower stared at Selena with amazement.  "What was that about?" she whispered.
"I guess he was trying to be polite."
"What?"
"He's in my World Science class," stated Selena, frowning.
"He's in your Science class?" asked Moonflower.
"Yes, that's what I said."
"He knows who you are?"
Selena rolled her eyes.  "Mr. Honeybee sat him behind me so I could help him."
Moonflower looked upset.  "Why didn't you tell me this before?"
"I didn't think it was important."
"You've been hiding stuff from me."
"Don't be silly, Moonflower.  So he's sitting behind me in Science class.  What's the big deal?"
“It’s not a big deal,” Moonflower said dryly.  “But it would’ve been nice for me to know that you’ve got a freak sitting behind you.”
“A freak?”
“A freakoid,” she announced, very pleased that she had made up a new word.  “The more I think about it, the more I think he’s an alluring freak.  He’s weird, don’t you think?”
“Moonflower, I think he’s different, but I wouldn’t call him a freak,” Selena said, irritated.
“Haven’t you noticed that he doesn’t have any of the things the rest of us have?”
“Like what?”
“Like any gadgets or even a cell.”
“I don’t have those things either,” Selena grunted.  “Maybe he doesn’t have the money for them like me.”
“But at least you wear a watch.  He doesn’t even have that.”
So what?” Selena declared, very annoyed.
“He’s too inside himself—a bit loco if you ask me.”
“Moonflower, he doesn’t seem at all crazy to me and as for him being more inward than outward, a lot of people are introverted.  I’m not exactly Miss Party Time myself.”
“You’re the one who called him a serial killer in the first place.  Now you’re defending him,” she stated suspiciously.
“I just think we pay too much attention to him.”
“That’s not true,” Moonflower rushed.
“Let’s just leave the poor guy alone.”
“But—“ 
"Hi, ladies," interrupted Saul and Selena looked at him with relief.  "Moonflower, you look as pretty as a hot sunset pink butterfly."
What? Selena wondered.  What’s with him and butterflies?  But the compliment seemed to make her friend happy, and that was what was important.
"Thank you, Saul," gushed Moonflower.  
The bus arrived and for the rest of the ride to school, Selena placed her fragile concentration on helping Saul with his term paper.  She dared not look in the direction of Xavier Jones for fear that she'd encounter those curious eyes. 
 During lunch, Moonflower chatted about having lost one more pound. When Xavier Jones stepped in, he caused the same scene as the day before.  He sat alone again.  Selena put her full attention on the forkful of red enchiladas she was about to place in her mouth.  Moonflower, however, wasn’t bothered by who knew where her focus rested.  
"I've got an idea," Moonflower stated proudly as she openly stared at Xavier Jones.  “A great idea!”
Selena groaned, worrying about what her friend had come up with.  "What's your idea?"
“I think he’s a freakoid and you don’t.”
“What’s your point?” Selena asked, irritated.
“I’m willing to consider being wrong.”
“Okay, good.”
"He looks lonely, don't you think, Sel?" Moonflower asked, her eyes still anchored firmly on him.
"He looks like he wants to be left alone."
"No, he doesn’t," Moonflower argued.  "He looks like he could use some friends."
"I don't think so," Selena insisted.
"Let's invite him to eat with us, and we can find out once and for all if he’s a titanic freak or not,” Moonflower declared dramatically.  “Maybe he’s like Edward in Twilight.”
Selena rolled her eyes.  "I’m sure he’s not a bloodsucker,” she guffawed.
“You don’t know that for sure,” murmured Moonflower.  “Vampires could really exist.”
“I love the Twilight saga as much as the next person but that kind of stuff doesn’t happen.  Besides, I’ve seen him eat and hang out in the daylight.”
Moonflower’s face crumbled in disappointment.  “You’re right.”
“He’s as normal as we are.”
“He’s still very different, and we should invite him to sit with us to see how much,” Moonflower insisted.  
"No."
"But--"
"Please, Moonflower," Selena pleaded.  "Let's not make fools out of ourselves by inviting him."
"What do you mean?"
"Look at how he turned down Cherise."
Moonflower was engrossed in thought.  "Yeah and she's a cheerleader.  Why would he want to eat with us?"
"Exactly."
"I see your point."
Selena was relieved she had averted disaster.  Avoiding Xavier Jones at all costs seemed like the best road to take.  It appeared to be the safest and easiest route.  
Unfortunately, during sixth period, an overwhelming temptation swept over her, and she didn't follow her own counsel.  Selena fought herself valiantly, but she just couldn't resist the urge to turn around in her seat and meet his dark, searching eyes.  Looking at them a second time from up close confirmed that she had been right about their hidden sadness.  She subdued an abrupt gasp as his searing eyes went deeply into hers.



Chapter 8

"Why do you admire Anne Frank?" Selena asked, her words rushing out.
"After what she went through—being stuck in that attic and watching her world go crazy during the holocaust, she still managed to look at life in a unique way.  Her writing is full of truth." 
Well put! Selena thought.  Awesome!
"I couldn't agree more," she stated.
His special smile reached her causing a shudder on her skin.  
Why do you invite me in when you shut others out? 
"What other writer do you like?" Selena asked.
"Shakespeare."
Selena smiled.  "He tells the truth about life."
“’Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness and some have greatness thrust upon them,’” he said as his quiet gaze stayed on Selena like an anchored ship.
“Twelfth Night,” stated Selena.
Xavier‘s eyebrows lifted.  “I’m impressed.”
“I like Shakespeare too.”
"I bet you also like Isabel Allende,” he declared, his face full of expectation as if waiting for her to affirm what he had said.
Selena’s eyebrows went up.  “Yes, but how—“
“And you like The House of The Spirits.”
Selena was flabbergasted.  "That’s one of my favorite books.  How did you know?"
"Lucky guess," he said, smiling his movie star sparkler.  “Actually, It was more like wishful thinking on my part.”
“Why?”
“The House of The Spirits is also one of my favorite books,” he stated, his face pleased.  
“So we have something in common.”
He smiled deeply with a sparkle that reached his dark eyes.

On the bus going home, Selena tried to ignore that Xavier Jones sat one seat from her.  She tried to ignore the magnetic quality of his entire self.  She tried to ignore his intelligent comments growing in her mind as they clicked with her own view of the world.  Most of all, Selena tried to ignore his pull fiercely drawing her in where she didn’t want to go—a dangerous place that awakened weird and confusing feelings.  Instead, she tried to concentrate on re-setting her watch to the correct time.  Lately, it had been speeding up in sixth period even though it was fine during the rest of the day.  Thoughts of Xavier kept invading her mind, so she put her fragile focus on Moonflower and Saul who were having some kind of a conversation.
"My pronunciation stinks," said Moonflower.
"Mine is worse than yours," stated Saul.
"I've already told my parents that they should've taught me Spanish.  Now I'm having an awful time trying to learn it."
"Good thing that we're in the same class, Butterfly Dudette, and we can suffer together," said Saul.
Butterfly Dudette?  What? wondered Selena.
"Sel, you're lucky you can speak, read, and write it," assured Moonflower.
"Today, Ms. Valderrama kept saying, mas vale que aprendan.  What is that, dude?" asked Saul.
"Yeah, what does that mean?" questioned Moonflower.
Selena smiled.  "She said that you'd better learn."
"We should've known that one," stated Moonflower.
"And what does cabeza dura mean?"
"Hard headed," Selena said.
"Hard headed like you, loser," guffawed Brad.  "The gordita is teaching you Spanish as if another language will make you any less stupid."
Saul's eyes became wide with panic while Selena stared at Brad angrily.  
"Loser, loser, loser!" Brad chortled.
"Leave him alone, jerk," Selena snapped.
"You'd better shut up you big, fat--"
"You shut up!" demanded Xavier Jones.  
"Stay out of this and mind your own business," hissed Brad with smoke practically billowing out of his ears.   
"I'm making it my business," Xavier Jones hissed back.  His eyes smoldered with a fire that could burn a whole city.
"Look, you Taylor Lautner mutant, you don't want to fight with me," Brad growled.
"You don't want to fight with me," Xavier Jones returned, completely fearless and with concrete strength in his words.  “Believe me—you don’t,” he threatened.



Chapter 9

“I’m not scared of you, loser,” stated Brad, hissing with venom.
"Hey, is there a problem back there?" yelled the bus driver from his driver’s seat.
A certain quiet blanketed the bus like flakes of snow on the playground.  Selena put her hand on her nervous stomach.  She knew what was coming as soon as she stepped off the bus, and she hated violence, especially when she was involved.  At her stop, most of the students filed out, even the ones who weren't supposed to get off there.  As soon as the bus was gone, Brad tried to badger Xavier Jones but he stood his ground, crossing his graceful arms in front of him and never taking his unflinching, unafraid sight off Brad.
"You'd better say sorry if you know what's good for you," growled Brad.
"I don't like to fight, but I hate bullies," responded Xavier Jones.
“I hate people who can’t mind their own business," hissed Brad.
"I hate jerks," Xavier Jones retorted.
An overconfident Brad balled his right hand in a fist and went for his eye, but Xavier Jones’s hand stopped it from hitting its mark and expertly pushed the fist away as if swatting a tiny fly.  In a martial arts move that came straight from the movies, he flipped Brad to the ground and jammed his foot on Brad's neck.  It had happened so fast that it had Selena questioning what she had just witnessed.
"I have a black belt in Tae Kwon Do, Karate, and Judo and I've taken some boxing and wrestling too.  Whatever you throw at me I'll give back to you ten fold," growled Xavier Jones.
Brad meekly nodded from the ground.
"Now you will apologize and stop calling people names," Xavier Jones stated.
"I'm sorry," Brad grumbled, under his breath.
Xavier Jones took his foot off Brad's throat.  With his eyes on the ground, Brad stumbled up and swiftly rushed off.  The crowd laughed and snickered, but Xavier Jones started walking away as if nothing had just happened.  Selena mumbled a swift good-bye to Moonflower who was engrossed in a conversation with Saul about the fight, and she caught up to the hero.
"Thanks," Selena said with Antonio next to her, wagging his tail.
"You're welcome,” answered Xavier, his fluid sight heavy on her.  
“Out of curiosity, why didn’t you beat him up?  You had him on the ground?”
“You wanted me to beat him up?”  His inquisitive eyes tried to land inside of her.
“No, I was just wondering why you didn’t.”
“I just wanted him to stop hurting you.  I don’t need to show everyone I can fight.”
Selena nodded, not knowing what to say.  What did you say to such a heroic deed?  What did you say to such pure thoughts?  What did you say to such a remarkable, beautiful, puzzling stranger?
I’d better stay away from you.
“Thanks again.  See you at school,” Selena said flippantly as she turned towards her house.
“You don’t have to keep thanking me.  I’ll see you soon.”
Not if I see you first, Selena said to herself as she tried blanking him from her mind and continued walking to her front door.  
Bye.



Chapter 10

“Grandmother Chela, what do you think it means?” Selena asked over the phone since her grandmother lived in the outskirts of Chihuahua City, Mexico, and she couldn’t see her face to face.
“Running away in a dense fog—what do you think your dream meant?”
Grandmother Chela usually tried to get her to answer her own questions.
“I don’t know,” Selena answered.
“Sure you do.”
Selena let out a deep exasperated sigh.  “I’m running away from something?”
“Yes.”  She answered so simply as if that was all there was to it.
“I don’t know what that can be.”
“If you don’t know yet, you’ll soon figure it out,” Grandmother Chela assured with confidence.
“But what about the spooky eyes?—and the woman’s voice?”
“You’ll figure it out.”
“Okay,” Selena said, uncertain.  “Is this one of those wisdom things I’ll eventually understand?”
“Exactly.”
“Okay.”
“Was there anything else about your dream?” she asked with authority.
Grandmother Chela was just too smart.  “There was something about destiny,” Selena said, embarrassed.
She gasped loudly.  “Destiny?”
“Yes.”
“Has anything unusual been happening?” asked Grandmother Chela, her voice not as steady as before and with small spikes of what seemed to be concern in it.
“Do you remember telling me about the energy epicenter here?”
“Yes, why?”
“Grandmother Chela, I’ve been feeling something bizarre in the air.”
“You have?” she frowned.
“It’s as if there is a shift in energy.  Is it possible?”
“Of course.”
“I seem to be the only one to feel it.”
“Most people aren’t aware of their surroundings,” she stated.  Having always taught her granddaughter that there was much more going on under the illusion of normalcy the world projected, she continued asking questions.  “Selenita, has anything else been happening?” she asked with hesitation.
“There’s a new guy in school.  He’s very different.”
"Different?” Grandmother Chela frowned.  Selena could hear the disapproval in her voice.
“Very different.”
“Different?—like what?”
“”He completely changes a room when he goes into it.  Even I feel electrical snaps when he’s around.  He—“
“Maybe it would be best to stay away from him,” interrupted Grandmother Chela.  “Who knows what kinds of problems someone like him could bring.”
“Yes, problems.”
“Stay away from him, Selenita.”
"I will."
"Good."
“So, my dream was about life,” Selena said, changing the subject.
“All dreams are about life.”
“I guess I’ll have to wait and see how it plays out.”
“I’m afraid so.” 



Chapter 11

Friday was Selena's favorite day of the week as it was with most people.  Friday night was the start of the weekend.  It was a time to rest and be with family. And a time away from Xavier Jones.  After the unbelievably brief fight, Selena congratulated herself for her successful avoidance of him.  If he asked her any questions in Science class, she answered with short answers, thus discouraging him from asking any more,  She would force herself not to look when he entered anywhere within her sights like in the cafeteria or at the bus stop.
 Even if he had done her a huge unselfish favor by getting Brad out of her hair, she still felt the need to keep away from him and avoid those interrogative eyes.  Success, she kept telling herself as she arrived at the weekend.  He’ll soon be completely out of my thoughts.  
Selena checked her watch, wondering what time Moonflower would be over and as if by magic, there was a knock on the door.  Moonflower grinned as huge as a Cheshire cat when Selena opened the door.  
"Good timing," said Selena.
"I've got something I want to tell you," stated Moonflower with her eyes like bright stars in a dark night.  
"Hi, Moonflower.  Dinner is almost done," stated Selena's mother.
"Hi, Mrs. Spinoza."
"Do you need any more help, Mom?"  Selena had helped her mother earlier with the preparation of the mashed potatoes and the meat loaf that was cooking in the oven.  
"No, Selenita.  Moonflower, would you like some snacks while the food is ready?"
"No thanks, Mrs. Spinoza.  I'll wait for dinner," answered Moonflower, her eyes kept smiling.
"Yeah, we'll wait for dinner," said Selena, wanting to rush to her room so that Moonflower would divulge why she looked so ecstatic.
"Smells good," stated Moonflower as she walked alongside Selena.
As soon as Selena shut the door, she turned to Moonflower.  "What's going on?"
“Life has smiled upon me!” Moonflower announced dramatically.
“What?”
"I've got a beau," Moonflower declared, matter of fact.
"Saul finally asked you out?"
Moonflower's face became bewildered.  "How did you know it was him?"
Selena chuckled.  "Hello!  It's so obvious."
"What do you mean?"
"He always compliments you—Miss Butterfly Dudette—in his own bizarre way, but he does it, and he's always staring at you."
"Do you think he really likes me, or did he ask me out because he couldn't do better?"
"Moonflower, why do you do that?" asked a frustrated Selena.
"Do what?"
"Put yourself down like that."
"Let's face it, Sel.  I'm not Selena Gomez."
"And Selena Gomez isn't you, either.  She may have a lot of talent, but she doesn't have your particular, unique qualities.  Have you ever thought about that?"
"Maybe he asked me out because he noticed I'm losing weight."
Selena shook her head and flailed her arms.  "Moonflower!  He asked you out because he knows you're great!"
"Thanks.  I appreciate it."
"You're very welcome."
Moonflower looked pensive.  "What do you think of Saul, Sel?"
"He's a great guy.  Why do you ask?"
"Because he's not . . . he's not . . . "
"He's not what?"
"You know—he's not very exciting."
Selena rolled her eyes.  "So what?"
"Nothing."
Selena stared at her friend for a few seconds.  "You want one of those guys who treats you badly?"
"No, of course not."
"Saul is nice and a fun guy,” assured Selena.
"He is, right?"
“Right.”
“It shouldn’t matter that he doesn’t get the lead roles in the plays at school, right, Sel?”
“Yeah, right.”
“I mean, so what if he doesn’t get to play Romeo?  Someday, he could be playing a leading man, right?  Leonardo DeCaprio didn’t start out a big star, nor did—“
"How do you feel about him, Moonflower?  Does he give you butterflies when you think about him?"
Moonflower smiled.  "Oh yeah!  I like being with him."
"So don't worry about him not being one of the popular guys or a leading man."
"You're right," Moonflower said, shaking her head vehemently.
At dinner, Selena quietly smiled as her mom conversed with her best friend.  Since her dad was working late, she was glad Mrs. Spinoza had someone else to talk to other than her.  Moonflower enjoyed speaking with Selena’s kind, light hearted, smart mother.  Mrs. Spinoza listened patiently as Moonflower excitedly chattered non-stop about Saul, but then the conversation took a malignant turn into Moonflower’s all-consuming evil insecurities.
"I just wish I was prettier, Mrs. Spinoza.  How can I become a famous actress looking like this?"
"Moonflower, you're beautiful.  I don't know why you worry about that."
"I'm fat, Mrs. Spinoza."
“Fat?  In what universe are you fat?” Selena asked, irritated.
"No, you're not fat.  You're just not a size 0," Mrs. Spinoza stated.
“I am fat,” insisted Moonflower.  “Stick an apple in my mouth and roast me.”
“You’re a size seven,” Selena declared.
“Exactly, I’m a size seven,” Moonflower expressed sadly.  “I belong in a circus.”
“A size seven isn’t fat,” Mrs. Spinoza said delicately.
“I’m much bigger than that.  I’m a double digit size,” Selena announced.  “Since when is a single digit fat?”
"In Hollywood, I’m the size of an elephant,” insisted Moonflower with bitterness.  “It's so hard being a girl.”
Selena shook her head and frowned.  Once she had been exactly like Moonflower--worried about any extra centimeter of flesh she carried.  She would spend gigantic amounts of time obsessing about her appearance, staring at her nose wondering why it didn't upturn delicately, or why her cheekbones and hip bones weren't sticking out like sharp wooden sticks, or why her stomach wouldn't deflate into a skinny pancake, or millions and millions of other things!  And then her mother had gotten breast cancer, and everything had changed.  Her huge crush on Brad didn’t matter anymore.
Brad!
Selena wanted to vomit when faced with the very ugly fact that there was a time she had felt that way about him.  Uck!  So she knew all about falling for a scum of the earth, a rat of a human being.  After Mrs. Spinoza’s painful chemo had stolen her hair, Brad had spread it around school that Mrs. Spinoza was bald and looking like a cue ball.  
So now Selena watched her best friend tell her mother, who only had one breast, how worried she was about her looks.  How does that make sense?  There had been no money for reconstructive surgery, so Mrs. Spinoza had to work through her emotions of feeling lopsided in a world obsessed with plastic appearances.  But Mrs. Spinoza was in remission--the most beautiful word in the dictionary.  There was very little in the world that was more important to Selena than that.
"If only I was thin," Moonflower said wistfully.
“Yeah, size seven is the new plus size,” Selena announced, exasperated.  
“Moonflower, you are lucky to have what you have, and you don't even know it," expressed Mrs. Spinoza.
"I wish I could be perfect, Mrs. Spinoza.  Perfect like a movie star or a supermodel," Moonflower declared.  “If only I looked like one.”
"But, Moonflower, perfection is only a state of mind," stated Mrs. Spinoza.
“What does that mean?” asked Moonflower.
“Perfection is not real.  It’s what you say it is.”
“What?”
“Beauty is an illusion.”
“An illusion?”
“Yes,” Mrs. Spinoza assured emphatically.  “An illusion created by others.”



Chapter 12

Selena stared in panicked desperation at the dozens and dozens of jagged pieces laying at her feet.  The sheer abundance of them overwhelmed her.  When she kneeled down to take a closer look at those tiny cardboard-like fragments, the situation seemed far worse than she thought.
“How am I ever going to put this puzzle together?” she asked with traces of frustration and confusion in her voice as the eerie, yellow eyes looked on.
“You have to do it,” the serene voice of a woman answered.  The same one from her last dreams.  Selena could only distinguish her silhouette because of the thick, white, filmy fog that surrounded them.
“But why?” Selena asked.
“It’s a very important puzzle.”
“I don’t see how a puzzle is that important.”
“It is,” the woman asserted.
“But it’s only a play thing.”
“It’s not only a play thing.”
“But—“
“It will help you figure out those,” she said, pointing at the unblinking, creepy eyes.
“What?”
“Figure out the puzzle.”
“But—“
“He’ll help you and you’ll help him.”
“Who?” Selena questioned.
 “Stop running from your destiny.”
“But--”
“Your destiny.”
Selena abruptly woke up.  Another bizarre dream, she thought.
Destiny.
Was there such a thing?



Chapter 13

Selena loved the porch outside her front door.  She calmly sat on the pumpkin orange wood bench that was painted with yellow sunflowers and pointy golden suns.  Having helped her father build it made her especially comfortable sitting on it while she observed her animals.  With the gate shut, they were free to roam around. 
Antonio playfully ran while the chickens—America Ferrara, Dolores Huerta, Tyra Banks, Mother Teresa, and Willa Shakespeare clucked wildly.  The rooster, Einstein, stood next to her jack rabbit, Sor Juana Inez de la Cruz. Zac took a nap close to Mrs. Spinoza’s fenced-in fruit garden.  Even Selena’s favorite birds got in the game.  She had placed a bird feeder in her yard for them and they visited her often, especially Barbra Streisand, the green with red striped hummingbird. 
It was so peaceful, but an irritating piece of sandpaper rubbed her raw.  Her foggy nightmare wouldn’t let her go.  
“Stop running from your destiny.”
What could it mean?   
The cordless phone Selena had taken out with her so she wouldn’t have to step into the house in case it rang, blared loudly, cutting the quiet peacefullness and Selena’s thoughts with a sharp knife.  
“Guess where we went on our first date?” Moonflower asked as soon as Selena answered.  
“The junkyard?” teased Selena.
“Very funny, Sel.”
“The moon?”
“It couldn’t have been more romantic if we had actually gone there.”
“You went somewhere more romantic than the moon?”
“Just picture this,” Moonflower demanded and Selena got ready for one of her big theatrical numbers, “We arrived at our dazzling paradise to eat—the full moon upon us, filling us with intoxication.  We sat outside the restaurant staring into each other’s eyes as if no one in the world existed but us . . .”
Selena impatiently waited out the dramatic pause.  How mushier can this get? she wondered.
“That is when it hit me with a huge pounding to the heart like when I saw Twilight for the first time.” Moonflower continued, out of breath, “I knew that Saul and I were soul-mates.  We’ll be together forever like Bella and Edward.”
Good Grief!  Selena thought.  “But you’re not vampires, so you can’t be together forever.”
“Selena!” Moonflower chastised, exasperated.  “All I’m saying is that Saul is my Edward, and I’m his Bella.”
“But you’re on team Jacob.”
“That’s not the point!” Moonflower cried, frustrated.
Selena decided it was time to stop teasing her BFF before Moonflower started giving her the lecture.
“Sel, you are so unromantic.  I wish you’d fall in love.”
Uh-oh, the lecture is starting!
Moonflower sighed.  “Love is—“
“I’m so happy for you and Saul,” Selena broke in, trying to save herself.  “I’m so happy your first date was wonderful.”
“It was,” Moonflower sighed, her voice breathy and dreamy.
“So what kind of restaurant did you go to?” asked Selena.
“We went for burgers.”
“Burgers are romantic?”
“They are if you’re with your knight in shining armor.”
Moonflower gushed on and on about how she and Saul were so perfect for each other, and how he liked her the way she was.  Selena smiled, hoping some of her best friend’s insecurities would evaporate into thin air.
When Saul got through to Moonflower’s call waiting, Selena told her friend to go ahead and talk to him.  Upon hanging up, Selena took a huge bite of the bean and cheese burrito she had made for herself.  After church, Selena had insisted her parents take her home so they could visit friends and maybe have a romantic dinner somewhere.  Her parents had so little time together with her father working all the time.
Selena didn't mind being alone.  Her home was peaceful.  That is to say, as peaceful as it could be with so many rambunctious animals running around.  
At the moment, Antonio and her rabbit, Sor Juana, were playfully going after the chickens making them squawk with frustration.  It seemed as if Selena had chosen the right dog, or it had chosen her depending on how you wanted to look at things, since neither Antonio nor the rest of her animals would devour each other.  They seemed to know they were a family.  As she chewed the last bite of her burrito, she smiled.
"Hi."
Selena accidentally swallowed the food in her mouth, nearly choking.  When she turned towards the voice, she found herself speechless.  



Chapter 14

"I'm sorry I scared you," said Xavier Jones from outside her chain link fence.  His movie star smile in place.
Clearing her throat of any food particles as gracefully as she could, she finally answered him.  "Hello," she greeted, getting her mouth back in order and trying not to be pulled into him.
"I was taking a walk when I saw you."  His expectant gaze raked over her.
"You were taking a walk?"
"Yes. . . I . . . Actually, Selena, I was hoping I'd run into you."
"You were?”
“Yes,” stated Xavier Jones.  
“Why?" asked Selena, perplexed.
"I'd like to talk to you if that’s okay.  May I?" he asked, indicating the fence gate.
"Sure," she said, not feeling like she had a choice.  How could she tell him, Go away.  You scare me.  “You’re not dangerous are you?” Selena asked, somewhat playful but with serious undertones.
Xavier Jones grinned.  “I’m only dangerous to bullies.”  
You’re dangerous to me.
Xavier Jones stepped in and shut the gate behind him.  Antonio, instead of barking, ran up to him excitedly.  Xavier heartedly patted him as if they had been best friends for a long time.  
"I love your dog," said Xavier.
"He's kind of different looking, but he's a good dog."
"He's a great dog," Xavier said, smiling as he sat next to Selena on the bench.  He was so close to Selena that she could hear his every intake of light breath and numerous brazen goose bumps popped up on her skin.
Stop it! she demanded of herself.  She decided that if she started speaking, she had a chance at halting the influx of confusing emotions.
"By the way, thanks again for what you did with Brad,” she blurted.  “ I think it'll be the last time he insults anybody, including my dog."
"You're welcome.  I really hate bullies,” he ascertained with fury and disgust as he said the later part.
Soda from the can Selena was drinking from and had set on the floor started spraying out as if someone had shaken it and then pulled its tab open.  The dark liquid made a whooshing sound but then just as abruptly stopped.
“What was that?” Selena mumbled, shocked.
“That’s what happens with a carbonated drink,” he said quickly.
“But—“
“You never know with chemicals.”
“I guess so,” she muttered, still surprised.  “I probably should’ve had lemonade.”
“Lemonade is good.”
“Xavier, would you like anything to drink?” Selena asked, getting her bearings back.
“No, thank you.”
"So what did you need to talk to me about?" asked Selena, curiosity getting the best of her.
"I've noticed that you've been avoiding me."
"What makes you think that?" Selena asked nervously.
"Because you have.  Admit it."
“But—“
“C’mon, admit it.  You know it’s true.”
Selena tore her sight away from his.  "Okay, I have been avoiding you.  I'm not very good at going around the truth."
"Your directness is one of the things I like best about you."
"Really?  It's one of my biggest flaws according to my friends."
"They don't know what they're talking about."
Selena shrugged her shoulders.  "I am who I am."
"Why have you been avoiding me, Selena?" Xavier Jones asked gently, his face completely concentrated on hers.
She quickly looked away.  “You make me nervous,” she rushed.
“I make you nervous?  Why?”
Selena shifted on the bench.  “You’re always staring at me.  Why do you do that?” she asked, stammering.
“I’m sorry.  I don’t mean to make you nervous.  I just think you’re beautiful.”
Selena let out a heavy sigh.  “C’mon, Xavier.  I’m not beautiful.”
“Have you looked in the mirror?”
“No one in school would ever describe me as beautiful.”
“That’s because they see you as the sweet nerd, and that’s all.  They don’t really see all of you.”
“And you do?”
“Yes, I think so.”  
"Why do you even want me to talk to you?” she blurted, changing the subject.  “You seem to be a loner."
"I am, but I like talking to you.  You're the one who doesn't seem to like me.  Am I right?"
"Kind of."
"What do you mean 'kind of’?”
"Look, Xavier.  I just don't care much for the ugly crowd, okay?"
“The ugly crowd?”
“You know—Cherise and Asher’s crowd.”
"I'm not in that crowd," he asserted.
“Cherise would like you to be.”
“But I’m not,” he insisted.
"You're popular and—"
"Not by anything I did.  I can't help it if I came in the middle of the semester, and everyone is curious about me.  Besides, you’re the popular one.”
“What do you mean?” she asked, fully perplexed.
“Everyone in school knows who you are, even the teachers.”
“I try to be helpful.”
“Believe me, no one says about me the great things they say about you.  You’re the one who is popular.  I’m nothing compared to you.”
“That’s not true,” Selena insisted.  “You’re popular and all the girls are in love with you.”
"I don't know about that," he said, embarrassed and shifting in his seat.
"I know it."
“Stop that.”
“It’s true.”
"So what if some girls like me?  What is it to you?" His interrogative gaze snapped into hers.
"It annoys me that they're judging you by your cover.  They want you because of what you look like."
“And what do I look like?” he asked, baffled.
“Like a movie star.”
“Please,” he said, annoyed.
“It’s true.”
“Stop it.  I don’t look like a movie star,” he said, frowning.
“You do.”
“I don’t.”
“But—“
"Well, whatever I Iook like, you're judging me by my cover too."
"What do you mean?" asked Selena.
"You don't like me because of the same reason they do."
"What?"
“You don’t like me because of what I look like.  You should get to know me before judging me.”
“But—”
"Think about it." 
“But—“
“Just think about it,” he said, standing up.  "I'll see you at school."
Selena achingly watched him walk to the fence and step outside of it.  He closed the gate and waived as he left.  Her knuckles turned white as she grabbed hold of the bench, and she inhaled and exhaled profound breaths.  Selena shook her head wishing he hadn't stopped by and unraveled what she had so neatly organized in her mind.



Chapter 15

Selena stood at the bus stop with Antonio flexing his tail next to her.  Now that Brad no longer rode the bus, a certain tanquility permeated the air.  With the bully gone, much tension had left with him.  Moonflower stepped up to her and gushed excitedly about she and Saul having spent most of Sunday on the phone.  Then Saul arrived and put his arm around Moonflower's shoulder.
"Hi, girls," he said.
"Hi, Saul," Selena greeted.
"Hi, you," gushed Moonflower.
"Hello," Xavier Jones murmured, having stepped in from behind them.
"Hi," they greeted in unison.
"How are you today, Selena?" Xavier Jones asked, carefully eyeing her with a mixture of familiarity and comfort.  He stood so close to her, she had to start breathing through her mouth so she’d stop his personal scent of light musk from tingling in her nose.
"Good," she answered, embarrassed.
"I'll see you in class," he said, stepping away.
"I think he's crushing on you, dude," whispered Saul.
"No, that's ridiculous," Selena stated.
"Yes, ridiculous," chimed in Moonflower.
Saul looked sly.  "I know a secret.  I was walking by here yesterday."
"And so what?" Selena asked nervously.
"I saw something.  Two people on a bench."
Selena felt heat rise to her cheeks.  "Would you stop being ridiculous?"
"What's he talking about?" asked Moonflower.
"Xavier visited me yesterday.  We talked on the bench," Selena reluctantly informed Moonflower.
"He visited you?" questioned Moonflower with angry peaks in her voice, her round eyes shaped like straight slats.  
"It was nothing," Selena stated.
“I know I didn’t like him at first but now he seems an okay guy.  You should think about getting together with him, dude,” announced Saul.
Selena shook her head at him.  “Yesterday was nothing.”
They quickly stepped onto the bus that had just arrived.  Inexplicably, Selena could feel waves of anger from her friend trying to envelope and suffocate her.  For the entire ride, Moonflower sat quietly and Saul did most of the chit chatting.  Finally when they arrived at school and Saul left them at the door to their first period Pre-Calculus class, Moonflower immediately took her aside.
"I need to talk to you," Moonflower said sharply.
"What's wrong?"
"I never thought my best friend would do this to me," Moonflower said with a pained voice that was almost hard to understand because it cracked so much.
"What are you talking about?"
"Why didn't you tell me Xavier had visited you yesterday?"
"It's not a big deal,” Selena said with a tight voice.
"You should’ve told me."
"When I called you last night, all you wanted to talk about was Saul."
"You couldn't have interrupted me and told me about Xavier?" stammered Moonflower.
"What for?"
“Did he ask you out?”
“Of course not.”
Moonflower looked relieved.  “You don’t want to go out with a freakoid.”
“Stop calling him that,” Selena said angrily.
Moonflower eyed her with smoldering suspicion.  “Why do you always defend him?”
“Why do you always insult him?”
Moonflower let out a deep breath.  “Selena, you can’t be serious about even being this guy’s friend.”
“Why?”
“He belongs in the Asher/Cherise group.”
“He’s not an ugly, Moonflower.”
“You’ve got a crush on him, right?” asked Moonflower, her voice demanding.
“No . . . of course not.  I—“
“Yes, you do,” Moonflower stated, her voice breaking.  “And he seems to like you too.”
“It’s not like that.  It’s not—“
“He wouldn’t even give me the time of day.”
“I thought you didn’t like him,” Selena snapped.  “You’re always calling him a freak.”
“That’s not the point,” Moonflower murmured.
“What’s the point?”
“I’m not good enough for him,” she uttered, a knot stuck in her throat.  “Not good enough to get a little attention from someone like him.”
“Moonflower,” Selena said gently.  She didn’t mind her friend’s theatrical side, but she did mind her insecure one when it turned ugly and self-mutilating. “Stop insulting yourself.  Stop—“
"I don't understand what Xavier sees in you," Moonflower stated tearfully.  "You're much fatter than I am."
Selena’s heart started aching.  "That was mean." 
“He’ll never love you.”
“You’re the one who can’t love yourself,” Selena blurted, walking away.

Selena stumbled into the packed cafeteria with her heart still gushing bitter tears.  For the whole Pre-Calculus period, neither Moonflower nor her had spoken a single solitary word to one another.  Moonflower sat at a lunch table with Saul and other friends.  No empty seats were available, giving Selena the impression that she wasn’t welcomed there.  She picked up her tray with a hamburger and walked to the nearest empty space.  Others gasped in surprise at her not sitting with Moonflower.
"You can sit with us," said Cora Rivera, the head cheerleader and a student Selena had tutored the previous year.
"Thanks, Cora, but I'm fine."  Cora sat next to her boyfriend and Selena didn't want to disturb their intimate time.  
Selena looked forlornly at her hamburger before taking a bite.  She wondered how she could be on such bad terms with her best friend.  Nothing like this had ever happened.  They had been friends since kindergarten and they had had arguments over the years but nothing as serious as this.  It was especially difficult for Selena because she couldn’t come to terms with what the conflict was actually about.  Why was Moonflower so vicious about Xavier Jones when she was with Saul? 
"May I?" asked a voice and when she turned to see who it was, Xavier Jones was pointing at the seat in front of her.
“Well, I—“
“Thank you,” he said, sitting down.
“I hadn’t finished answering,” expressed Selena, a sight annoyance in her voice.
“You don’t want me to sit here?” he asked, about to stand up.
Selena let out a sigh.  “You might as well stay there.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
"Why aren't you with Moonflower?" he asked.
How does he know her name? Selena wondered.  She had never introduced them.  He must be very observant.
"We aren't friends right now,” she stated.
"I'm sorry to hear that."
"I really don't want to talk about it."
"I know how you feel about your privacy, so I won't ask you anything else.”  
"I appreciate that."
"Is it my imagination, or is this hamburger pretty good?" he asked as he bit into it.  
Selena was glad for the change in subject.  

Her sixth period assignment was not at all to Selena’s taste.  She didn't like being paired up for projects.  It was easier for her to be on her own, but Mr. Honeybee had insisted he had wanted a team of two to write about a new scientific discovery.  
"You want to be my partner?" asked Xavier Jones.
Selena turned around to face him and forced herself not to stare.  “I don’t know if that’s such a good idea.”
“Why not?”
Selena cleared her throat.  “Most students don’t like being my partner.”“Why not?”
“I’m very obsessive about my work,” Selena asserted.  “Sad but true.”
“I’m the same way.”
“I drive people crazy with it.  Even Moonflower won’t work with me.” Selena winced when she said the name of her estranged best friend.
He seemed to have caught it because the next thing she knew he was beaming her a comforting smile.  Selena felt she should take her sight away from his intense one, but she didn’t.  Instead, she gave him a weak smile, and he gently placed his hand on hers.
“Your skin is warm,” Selena declared.  “Very warm.”



Chapter 16

“I guess my blood runs a little warm,” Xavier explained nervously as he yanked his hand back.
"It's not just a little warm," Selena stated.
"Well, whatever.  Now, about Mr. Honeybee’s assignment,” he said, changing the subject.  “We should be partn—“
“I still don’t think that’s a good idea.  Believe me, you don’t want to be with me.”
“I think I can handle being your partner,” he stated.
“But—“
“Selena, you have to be paired up with someone.  It might as well be me,” he insisted.
“I don’t think you know what you’re getting into,” she asserted.
“Selena,” he said firmly, “you don’t scare me.”
“I should.”
He chuckled.  “Really?”
“Yes, really,” she said, throwing his words back to him from when they had been talking about Anne Frank.
“Selena, I promise you I can handle what you throw at me.  We’ll be partners, okay?”
"Okay," Selena said, giving up.  Students were starting to stare at them, and she wanted the attention away from her.
"It'll be fun."
"I'm sure," Selena said as she turned around, happy to get out from under his spell.
When the bell rang, Xavier Jones stood in front of her, preventing her from rushing away.  "Do you mind if I walk with you to the bus?"
Selena’s mouth turned as dry as the desert.  “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“Another bad idea on my part, huh?” he said, smiling wryly.  “Why is that one a bad idea?”
“I . . . I . . . I have got to go to my locker first.  You don’t want to have to go all the way to my locker, do you?”  That was all Selena could think of.
"Let's go."
All curious eyes were intently on them.  Gossip would soon be spreading everywhere like jello left in the sun.  Asher abruptly stopped talking to her best friend as Selena and Xavier passed by.  Cherise quickly turned to look, her whole demeanor knotted itself into a burning ball of fire.  Asher's brother, Chad, had trouble concentrating while speaking to Steve Harmon, the captain of the football team.  Good grief!  What’s wrong with these people, Selena thought.  She hated that there were those eyeing her as if she was dirt, as if she was non deserving of being in the presence of Xavier Jones.
"They're all staring at us," Selena said, annoyed.
"Who cares," declared Xavier Jones.
"I don't like being the center of attention."
"I don't either, but you have to ignore stupid things."
“How do you ignore stupid things?”
“It takes practice.”
“Practice makes perfect?” Selena asked.
“Absolutely.”
Selena nodded.  "Yeah, okay.  I’ll try."
The silver water fountain across from them started clanging so loud that everyone in the hall turned to it.  Suddenly, long sprays of translucent water shot in all directions.  Fortunately, the janitor rushed to it and as soon as he turned the water lever, it stopped shooting water but continued making noise.
“We’d better hurry, or we’ll miss the bus,” Xavier Jones declared.
“That fountain thing was strange,” Selena stated.
“It’s normal for mechanical stuff to break down,” he mentioned nonchalantly.
“At least it got everyone to stop looking at us.”
"Don't let them bother you,” he stated.
“People staring at you doesn’t bother you at all?”
“Not really.”
“It doesn’t irritate you even a little?”
“While I don’t like being the center of attention, if I let it bother me then I can’t go on with my day,” he expressed.
Selena quickly exchanged her books for the ones she needed in her locker, and they headed for the bus.  Moonflower's eyebrows rose as soon as they stepped on.  The ride home was quiet as Selena lost herself in the thoughts of a ruined friendship, and Xavier Jones didn't intrude in her silence.
"She'll come around," Xavier Jones assured Selena as soon as they stepped off the bus.
"What did you say?"
"Moonflower will come around."
"How do you know that it wasn't my fault and that I'm the one who has to come around?"
He shook his head.  "I don't know what you're arguing about, but I'm sure it's not your fault."
"How are you so sure?"
"I just am," he said as they arrived at her gate.  "I'll see you tomorrow."
He walked away as Selena stepped inside the gate.  Antonio greeted her with a wagging tale.  Once inside her home, Mrs. Spinoza sat her at the table and they ate tuna sandwiches.  
"Who was that young man who walked with you to our gate?" she asked suspiciously.
"It was Xavier Jones—the new boy I told you about."
"Why was he walking with you?"
"He's a friend."
"A friend?"
"Yes, mom."
“Just a friend?”
“Yes,” Selena stated.
"Do you like him in a boyfriend way?"
"Mom, I already told you he's a friend," Selena said, her voice shaky.  "Just a friend.  I don't know why people around me are making more of it than they should."
"What's wrong, Selenita?  You seem very upset."
"Moonflower is angry with me," Selena said dejectedly.
"Why?"
"Because of Xavier."
"What does Xavier have to do with you and Moonflower?"
"She’s angry that Xavier talks to me," Selena explained.
"Preciosa, I'm not understanding something.  Isn't Moonflower going out with some boy named Saul? Why does she care about you and Xavier?"
“It’s not really about Xavier.  It’s her pride, Mom.”
“Her pride?”
“She hates that a boy all the girls seem to have a crush on is talking to me.”
"I understand, Selenita, but friendship is so important.  You shouldn't let a boy come between you."
"I know, Mom," Selena said, letting out a sigh.  "She told me she couldn't understand what he saw in me.  That I was much fatter than her."
"Ay, preciosa," Mrs. Spinoza said as she hugged her.  "No wonder you're so upset.  That's a terrible thing to say.  Remember what your Grandmother Chela says about jealously—it is an enemy of all that is good."
"Moonflower hurt my feelings."
"She doesn't feel good about herself, so she tried to pull you down because Xavier is more interested in you than her."
"She's with Saul.  I just don't understand why she's making such a big deal over Xavier.”

A few days had gone by, and Selena hadn’t spoken to Moonflower.  It was as if the ground had swallowed a hard earned friendship.  Once again, Selena ate lunch with Xavier who was considerate enough not to ask about her best friend.  They both ate their tostadas while Selena tried to avoid crowding her senses with the proximity of Xavier who seemed completely oblivious to their ever changing relationship.  It seemed to Selena that they were moving away from being casual friends to a deeper friendship too easily and smoothly for her taste. 
"I like the food here," he said, his solid gaze on Selena.
"Yeah, I know it's not popular to like cafeteria food, but I like it too."
"You know, we've got to get going on the class project Mr. Honeybee wants us to do,” he remarked.
“Are you still sure you want to pair up with me?”
“Positive.”
“You just don’t know what you’re getting into.”
“I think I do,” he said confidently.
Selena groaned.  “I’m warning you that we’re making an A on that assignment even if we have to re-do it a million times.”
“I’m looking forward to it,” he said, teasing.
“I’m serious.”
“So am I,” he said, laughter still prominent in his voice.
“But—“
“Selena,” he said firmly.  “Don’t worry.  I get it.  I really do.”
“You get it?” Selena asked.  “Get what?”
“I get that you give your work your all, and you want to make sure your partner does too.”
“I also want to make sure my partner doesn’t kill me before we finish the assignment,” Selena said dryly.
“It’ll be okay to kill your partner afterwards?” he asked, his voice full of tease again.
Selena smiled.  “Yes, as long as we make an A.”
He chuckled loudly.  “Then we need to get together soon to start on this award winning assignment.  We still need to decide on a subject.”
"We need to start ASAP."
"How about I go to your house this weekend?" he asked.
"What if I go to your house?"  She hadn’t realized how curious she was about where he lived until then.
"No, not my house," he stated.  Selena could hear the nervous timbre in his voice.
"Why not?"
“Because.”
“Because what?”
"Not my house," he repeated firmly, his voice sounding final.  “No way.”



Chapter 17

During last period, Mr. Honeybee told the students to get together with their partners to discuss their project.  Selena turned to face Xavier whose mouth curled up every time she did it.  After not seeing him for a few classes, Selena had to make sure she didn’t stare at him for too long because he was like looking into the sun.  His extreme good looks could blind a person.
“We’ve got to decide on a subject,” she stated, averting her eyes as if she was fascinated with the black ball point pen in his hand.
“You think of stuff, and I will too.  We’ll decide what we’ll go with at your house this weekend.”
Selena’s eyes returned to his.  "Xavier, why don't you want us to meet at your house?" she asked, still curious abut the cafeteria conversation.  
His mouth abruptly turned to a frown.  "I’ll tell you if you tell me why you and Moonflower are fighting?" he declared, crossing his arms in front of him.
Selena frowned.  "Point taken.  I won't ask anymore."
"You have your privacy and I have mine."
"Understood," Selena stated.
"I'm glad we understand each other."
"We're friends, aren't we?"
"What if we wanted to be more than friends?" he asked quietly, with a twinkle in his deep eyes.  
“What?”
“Nothing,” he stated dejectedly.
Selena decided to ignore what she had heard.
As was beginning to be a habit, Xavier walked with Selena to the bus.  She ignored the snickers and the stares and was relieved that they were slowly dissipating.  People were getting used to them.  After all, what was wrong with having friends of the opposite sex?  
When they stepped on the bus, she was sure that Moonflower, who was already sitting with Saul, had flinched.  This only served to aggravate Selena.  Why was her best friend being such a jerk about things?  
At the gate to Selena’s home, Xavier turned to her with his serious gaze. 
"Don't forget we're meeting this weekend to do our Science assignment," he stated, getting closer to her.  It surprised her how he could get so near without suffocating her.  
“Yeah, at your house.”
His face turned irritated.  “Selena—“
"I’m kidding.  You'll be coming over here," Selena said with a sly smile.
"It'll be okay with your parents, right?" 
"That reminds me," she said, looking away from him.  It was the only way she could tell him what she needed to say.  "When you meet my parents, say hello, Mr. and Mrs. Spinoza, and shake their hands."
Xavier rolled his eyes and chuckled lighly.  "I do have manners, you know."
"But, Xavier . . ."
"Yes?"
"Don't be offended, but you're kind of strange."
"Does it upset you that I'm not what you call the average person?" he asked very intently.
"No, not as long as you don’t turn out to be a serial killer."
“I may be strange but not that strange,” he said with relief in his voice.
“Good.”
"You're not exactly a normal person either."
"I don’t know how to take that,” Selena said, perturbed.
"I meant that as a compliment."
“A compliment?”
“Yes.”
“What kind of a compliment?” asked Selena, meeting his fluid eyes to make sure he was telling the truth.
“Average doesn’t interest me at all.”
“It doesn’t?” Selena asked, with more curiosity than she cared to admit.
“No,” he stated, deep in his thoughts.  
“So you don’t think I’m average.”
Xavier’s dark eyes rolled.  “Selena, average would be the last word I would use to describe you.”
“And that’s a good thing?”
“A great thing.  The world is made up of too much of what’s average in my opinion,” he said, his voice tight.  
“Yes, that’s true,” Selena announced.
“Luckily, you don’t fit that mold.  In fact, you don’t fit any mold.”
“I don’t?”
“You are so very you.”
"Thanks," she said, still chewing on his perplexing compliments.
"Now, about your parents.  I think I can handle meeting them without being a total Neanderthal."
"Are you sure, Xavier?  Can you be very polite and talkative?"
"I can be charming if I want," Xavier said, chuckling. 
“Are you sure?”
“Are you insulting me, Selena?”
“No, I’m just making sure you make a good impression on my parents.”
Xavier suddenly turned serious.  "Why do you want me to make a good impression on your parents anyway?"
"I want them to be okay with our friendship."
"Friendship?"
"Yes, our friendship."
Xavier's guarded eyes studied her for a few seconds.  "Okay, our friendship," he said quietly.  "I’ve got to go.”
“Bye, Xavier.”  She hated putting those two words together.
“I'll see you," he murmured.
Selena forced herself not to look at him as he walked away.  She couldn't help wondering about his oddities.  He rarely talked about himself, he ignored cheerleaders, he refused to say where he lived, and on and on.  Now, she was going to introduce him to her straight laced parents.  What am I thinking? But—there were the never-ending buts too.  But he was kind.  But he was understanding.  But he was smart.  
And I really like him.

Selena checked her watch impatiently.  Xavier was due to arrive any minute.  Mr. Spinoza, who was off work for the whole weekend, eyed her suspiciously from his navy blue recliner.  
"Is everything okay, Selenita?" he asked.
"Yes, everything is fine."
"Your mom says you're bringing a young man over."
"We're doing our school project, Dad."
He eyed her.  "What kind of boy is he?"
"What do you mean?"
"What's he like?"
"Dad, we're doing a Science assignment, not getting married.  What does it matter what he's like?"
"You've never brought a boy home before."
"There's a first time for everything."
"But who is this boy?"
"Dad, don't drill him, okay?"
"I need to know what kind of person is in my house."
"Dad, please don't ask a billion questions.  He's only here to do homework."
Mr. Spinoza grudgingly nodded.  "Okay, Selenita.  Okay."
As if on cue, there was a knock on the door.  Mrs. Spinoza stepped in from the kitchen with a wide smile making her face even prettier than usual.  Selena shook her head with annoyance at how her household was reacting to a simple visit from a friend.  
"Mom, Dad, this is Xavier," Selena said as soon as she let him in the door.  She held her breath hoping that all parties involved were on their best behaviors.
"Good afternoon, Mr. and Mrs. Spinoza," he said as he shook their hands.  "I'm so pleased to meet you."
Mrs. Spinoza smiled, but Mr. Spinoza looked at him suspiciously.  "Sit down, Xavier," Mr. Spinoza demanded.
Selena shook her head with absolute frustration.  It had started off well but now her dad was going to do what she had asked him not to—bombard Xavier with asinine questions as if the poor guy was her boyfriend.  How would Xavier react?  He tended to be a smart alec when asked about his private life.
"Are you new to these parts?" asked Mr. Spinoza.
"I moved here not too long ago."
"Where are your parents from?"
"Actually, my dad and his family are from here."
"And your mother?" asked Mrs. Spinoza.
The color drained from Xavier's face and the sadness deep in his eyes shot to the forefront.  "My mother was from Seattle."
"Was?" asked Mr. Spinoza.
"She passed away a long time ago," Xavier said quietly.  “I was eight-years-old.”



Chapter 18]

"I'm so sorry."  Mrs. Spinoza cut into the awkward and sad silence, obviously disturbed by the sad news.
"I moved here to live with my uncle.  My father lives in England," Xavier stated.
“What’s your ethnicity?” Mr. Spinoza asked bluntly.
Selena painfully choked on the juices of her mouth.  “Dad!” Selena blurted angrily and embarrassed.
“I’m only asking because his face has a different kind of a look.”
“What does it matter, Artemio?” Mrs. Spinoza asked, also embarrassed.
“I’m curious—that’s all.”
“But, Dad—“
“It’s okay, Selena,” Xavier stated calmly.  “I’d prefer people asking me that question instead of assuming what is not.”
“See,” Mr. Spinoza said triumphantly.  “It’s not such a bad question.”
“My mom had ancestors who were Inuit, Italian, and Scottish.  My dad’s roots go back to England.  I guess the mix shows on my face.”
"You two need to be getting on with your homework," Mrs. Spinoza stated, giving Mr. Spinoza a chiding look.
Selena was grateful to her mother for having stopped the holy inquisition, especially after the piercing pain in Xavier's eyes when he talked about his mother.  What an uncomfortable and tense period.  She wondered if she could forever avoid introducing her parents to any more guys.  It would serve them right to meet their future son-in-law on the wedding day itself, she said to herself.  She took Xavier to the kitchen where she and her mom had set up a tray of snacks.
"I'm sorry about that," Selena whispered.  "I'm their only child and they feel they have to protect me from all the horrors out there, like from boys who come to my house armed with books."
Xavier smiled his movie star sparkler.  "That's okay, Selena.  Your parents obviously love you."
“I’m seventeen-years-old.  Sometimes they treat me as if I’m five.”
He chuckled lightly.  “I’m seventeen too.”
"I'm sorry about your mother."
Xavier's face turned cloudy.  "Thanks."
"You must miss her."
"I can't talk about it."
"Okay, I understand but I'm here for you if you need me," she said gently.
Xavier's bright smile returned to his face.  "Thanks."
As they started discussing ideas and jotting them down, Xavier devoured the finger sandwiches that Selena said were made Mexican style with turkey ham, asadero cheese, pinto beans and hot salsa.  They drank cups of agua de sandia.  In fact, Xavier practically drank the whole pitcher of the watermelon beverage himself.  For dessert, they had the flan Selena had made the night before.  She had wondered if Xavier would care for this type of custard-like food since it was so sweet, but Xavier devoured it too.  
"Do they feed you at home?" Selena asked with a light chuckle in her voice.
"Not like this," he stated.  "I get fed boring food."
"Boring food?"
"I like spicy food."
"Obviously."
"Food should be spicy—full of different flavors.  Don't you think?"
Selena smiled.  "As long as you can handle it."
“You bet.”
Selena’s eyes returned to their paperwork.  “Xavier, I’m not sure I like any of the themes we’ve come up with.”
“Not any of them?”
“No.”
“To tell you the truth, I’m not all that crazy about them either,” he declared.
“They’re too boring, nothing you can really get into.”
“I see what you mean,” he stated.
“So what do we do?”
“There is something I’ve been thinking about,” he said reluctantly.
“What?”
“Do you really want to know?”
“Xavier, just spit it out.”
“Brain mapping,” Xavier said with hesitation.  
Selena’s fingers tingled with excitement.  “What a great idea!  I’ve been studying it on the internet.”
“You have?” His voice couldn’t have been more surprised.
“I hope we’re talking about the same thing.”
“The brain not being a set thing?” he asked.  “Is that what you’re talking about?”
“Yes,” Selena gushed excitedly.  “The brain being able to change when we work with it.”
“I can’t believe you know about that,” Xavier exclaimed with a happy tone.
“I tell my tutees to stop saying they’re dumb, that they can open and train their minds.”
“Selena, you do such great things with information,” he stated, giving her his movie star sparkler.
“Thanks.  I just think that it's fun to keep up with new discoveries.  They’re made all the time—it’s so exciting.”
“Very exciting,” he mentioned quietly, in deep thought.
  “Scientific knowledge changes so often.  We’re still figuring out exactly how the brain works.”
Xavier looked at her intently as if his mind was firmly on something.  “We’re still figuring out its electrical ways.”
Selena nodded emphatically.  “There’s so much to learn.”
“Yes, a lot,” Xavier agreed quietly.
“Let’s do some research on the internet.”
They sat in front of the computer on the built in desk in the kitchen and started piecing their observations together and hammering out a paper.  They explored neurons, nerve cells, microelectrodes, and electrical signals while bouncing ideas off of each other.
When they finished, Selena turned to him in surprise.  “I didn’t think we’d get done today.”
“I did.”
“You are very meticulous, Xavier,” Selena said, not being able to hide the admiration in her voice.
“So, I can be your partner from now on?” he asked, teasing.
“Maybe,” Selena replied, teasing back.
He turned his serious eyes on her.  “What do I have to do to get a yes from you?”
Selena cleared her throat nervously.  “We've been working so hard.  Let's go outside for a while," she blurted, avoiding his question.  "Would you like to meet everyone in my troop?” 
“Your troop?”
Selena chuckled.  “My animals. “
“So those animals running all over are not your parents' but yours?” he asked, his fluid eyes in a deep question.
“They’re my troop.  I feed them and take care of them.”
“I like animals too.”
Selena nodded.  “You get along with Antonio.”
“I love your dog.”
“He loves you too."
Selena smiled and took him to the barn.  A few more moments of him intoxicating her senses may have not been the best of ideas but occasionally she went with her feelings instead of her brain.
"I like how you name your animals," said a laughing Xavier.
"Are you making fun of me?"
"No, of course not."
Zac grunted loudly.  He had eyed Xavier fiercely as soon as he and Selena had stepped into the barn.  The other animals had stared at him curiously as if wondering who he was.  
“You gave your animals very creative names,” Xavier continued.
"They know they are stars to me," informed Selena.  Zac grunted louder by the minute.
"Your pig is very noisy," Xavier stated.    
"His name is Zac."
"Zac?"
"Zac Efron—Moonflower named him."
"I don't think he likes me," said Xavier.  Zac started squealing.  
"Zac!" Selena admonished.  "Stop it!  You will act like a gentleman when we have guests."
Zac stopped his noise and looked ashamed as he hung his snout to the ground.
Xavier's eyebrows shot up.  "He looks like he understands you."
Zac stared at Xavier as if he had been insulted, as if saying, Of course I understand her.  
"I'll have you know that my animals are very smart," Selena declared.  "Zac is very sensitive and intuitive."
"And he thinks you're his girlfriend," stated Xavier as he returned Zac's unflinching glare.
"Don't be silly."
"You'll have to get used to me being here," stressed Xavier.  Zac started squealing wildly again.  "You can't be her boyfriend.  You're a pig." 
Zac shrilled even louder.
"Will you two stop fighting?!" Selena chastised.     
"He started it," stated Xavier.  Zac grunted at him.
"Zac, stop being so unreasonable.  Xavier didn't mean to hurt your feelings. "
"But—" Xavier started to say.
"Xavier!  You do realize that you're fighting with a pig, don't you?"
Zac started squealing again.
"Sorry, my Zac," Selena said.  "But you are a pig and not a human.  You have to come to terms with that."
Zac hung his head.
"Don't be sad.  I love you just the way you are," Selena said as she put her arms around him.  Zac looked at Xavier with triumphant eyes and an annoyed Xavier shook his head at him.  
In order to keep the peace between Zac and Xavier, Selena took Xavier to the front of her house where they sat on the bench.  It was so quiet that she could hear Xavier’s light breath and the gentle rustling of his hair when his hand went through it.  They stared at each other’s bright smiles and shiny eyes for a few seconds before Xavier spoke.
"This is beautiful," he said, pointing to the bench.
"My dad made it."
"Your dad's a carpenter?"
"He can do just about anything," Selena gushed proudly.  “I helped him make it.”
“You did?” he asked, his soft gaze on her.
“Yes.” 
“You have so many talents, Selena,” he murmured, his dark eyes showing flecks of admiration.
Her cheeks grew hot.  “No, not really.  I—“
“Yes, really,” he insisted.
“I didn’t do that much work on the bench.  My father did almost everything.”
He looked at her as if he didn’t believe her.  “You’re very modest, Selena.”
She smiled lightly.  “I just don’t like a lot of fuss.”
He nodded.  “I don’t either.”
She cleared her throat.  “I think it’s great that you can appreciate workmanship.”
"I wish I could build something like this."
"You want to be a carpenter?"
"It's just that where I come from, everything gets bought," he murmured.
"It does?"
"You're very lucky to live here,” he said, sincerity coloring his words.
"We don't have a lot of money, but I do feel lucky to live here."
Xavier took in a deep breath.  "You think your parents liked me enough to let me come back?"
"How do you know that I'll invite you back?" Selena teased.
"You have to or Zac, your boyfriend, will never learn how to share you ," he said, chuckling lightly.
Selena laughed with him.  "Maybe there's a reason Zac doesn't like you," she joked.
“Like what?”
“You’ve got secrets.”
Xavier cleared his throat nervously.  "Everyone has secrets.”
“You think so?”
“Don’t you have them, Selena?” he asked.
“Not really,” Selena answered, furrowing her eyebrows.
"Well then, almost everyone has secrets," he murmured with distant eyes.
"What are your secrets, Xavier?"
“I’m boring,” he rushed.  “I’m not worth being curious about.”
“That so isn’t true!”
“Selena, I’m very boring.”
“But—“
“One big z-z-z-z.”
“Yeah, right,” Selena said, chuckling.  “Zac seems to think there’s something about you.”
“The reason Zac acts up around me is that he’s in love with you, Selena,” he said, his tone back to being lightly teasing.  “That's the reason."
"Maybe he knows something about you that I don't," Selena said, still playful.
Xavier glanced heavily at her mouth and started moving his face closer to her.  She shifted nervously in her seat, and he hastily pulled himself away.  
"Maybe he does know something about my friendship with you," Xavier said quietly.



Chapter 19

When Mrs. Spinoza called out to Selena, who was reading in her room, Selena wondered what the urgency in her mother’s voice was.  Selena had been re-reading The House Of The Spirits and had been so engrossed that when her mother had called out, she had nearly dropped the book.
“You’ve got a visitor,” said Mrs. Spinoza, looking outside the living room window.
Selena’s skin formed goose bumps as she glanced in the same direction as her mother’s eyes.  But it wasn’t Xavier coming up the walkway.  Selena opened the door as her visitor was about to knock.
“Hi, Sel,” said a sheepish Moonflower.
“Hi,” Selena barely got out.
“Come in, Moonflower,” said Mrs. Spinoza.
“Good afternoon, Mrs. Spinoza,” greeted Moonflower as she stepped in the door.  “How have you been?”
“Good.  How’s your family?” inquired Mrs. Spinoza.
“Very good.  Thank you for asking.”
“Well, I’ve got a lot to do.  If you’ll excuse me,” said Mrs. Spinoza, stepping into the kitchen.  An awkward silence ensued until Moonflower finally broke it.
“Sel, I know you’re very angry with me.”
“You’re the one angry at me for some stupid reason—some guy.”
“I’m sorry, Sel.  I’m so sorry.”
“Why would you let some guy come in between us?  We’ve been friends since we were children.”
Moonflower’s eyes watered.  “I can’t believe I did that.”
“You hurt my feelings, Moonflower.”
“I didn’t mean to.”
“Why would you say that you can’t understand what a guy sees in me?  As If I don’t have anything to offer anybody.”
“I was jealous, Selena.  Jealous that while Xavier won’t even glance my way, he likes you.  I kept wondering why I couldn’t get that kind of attention.”
“Saul pays attention to you.”
“Yes, but I wanted Xavier to notice me.”
“Why are you so insecure about yourself, Moonflower?”
“I don’t know why I feel so bad about myself,” she cried.  “I feel like I’ll never be good enough.”
“Moonflower, my mom’s cancer taught me that this world is so much bigger than me and my hang-ups.  While she fought for her life and became skin and bones, I figured out some things.  My life can’t be about what other people want me to look like.  It can’t be about what makes other people think is happiness.  It has to be about the people I love and living in happiness with them for whatever time I have with them.  I’m not wasting even a second when who I love can be taken away from me just like that.”
“You are so right, Sel.”
“I just think about things.”
“I’ve missed you so much.”
Selena looked at her with serious eyes.  “I’ve missed you too, but I have to tell you, Moonflower, that even when we’ve been friends forever, I can’t be friends with someone who is ugly to me.”
“Of course you can’t be friends with someone who tries to make you feel bad.  I’m so sorry, Sel.”
“Do you really mean that?”
“More than anything.  That’s why I’m here.”
“I forgive you, Moonflower.”
“Thank you,” she gushed, hugging Selena.  “Who else will set me straight?”
Selena returned her hug.  “I’m so happy that you’re back.  Who else will get me to loosen up?  I’m so uptight.”
“What about Xavier?” Moonflower asked with a sly smile.  “I’m sure he’ll do something about your serious side.”
“He can be so silly,” stated Selena.  “Yesterday he was fighting with Zac.”
“He was fighting with your pig?”
“Yes, but you can’t call him a freak, okay, Moonflower,” rushed Selena. “Even I fight with Zac sometimes.”
“I know.”
“Moonflower, you can’t be calling him a freakoid anymore. “ 
“I won’t.  I know that he’s just different.”
“Very different,” Selena stated.  “But good different.”  
“Not a vampire?” teased Moonflower.
Selena smiled.  “Let me put it this way—the guy almost ate all the sandwiches I put out for us, and not once did I catch him staring at my neck with hunger.”
“That’s a relief,” Moonflower declared.  “But I still think there’s something very unique about him.  Yesterday I was watching a movie about zombies and—“
“Moonflower!” Selena chided.  “You don’t seriously think that Xavier is a zombie, do you?”
“No, of course not,” she declared indignantly.  “But the zombies had a wizard controlling them and—“
“Moonflower!” Selena blurted again, this time firmer.  “Xavier isn’t a vampire, a zombie, or Harry Potter, okay?”
She lowered her eyes in shame.  “Sorry, Sel.  I watch too many movies, right?”
Selena chuckled.  “Moonflower, you don’t know how much I missed you and your theatrics.”
“Really?”
“Absolutely.”
Moonflower sighed a huge breath of relief.  “So Xavier’s been visiting you?” she gushed.
“He was here so we could do our Science assignment.  Our class had to work in pairs.”
“So you paired up with him,” Moonflower said with a wide smile.
“Don’t look at me like that, Miss Moonflower.  Xavier and I are just friends.”
“Not for long.  I see how he looks at you.”
Selena rolled her eyes.  “Stop it.”
“He likes you, really likes you.”
“Stop it,” said Selena, annoyance in her voice.
“Why was he fighting with Zac, anyway?”
“He was being silly, something about Zac wanting to be my boyfriend.  Have you ever heard of anything so funny?”
Moonflower laughed out loud.  “So your animal and your boyfriend are fighting over you!”



Chapter Twenty

Sitting next to Xavier on the bus was becoming too comfortable and as a result, disconcerting but Selena wouldn’t dream of sitting anywhere else.  She smiled at Moonflower who sat with Saul one seat over.  Xavier had radiated his movie star sparkler when he realized that Selena and Moonflower were speaking to each other.
“I’m glad Zac let you come to school today,” joked Xavier.
“Ha, ha, very funny,” Selena said, annoyed.
“Her pig is very possessive, right?” asked Moonflower.
“Selena has a pig?” questioned Saul.
Xavier smiled slyly.  “He’s not just a pig.  He’s her boyfriend.”
“Is he a good kisser?” joked Saul.
Moonflower nodded with a smirk.  “He is very cute, even with that big snout.”
“Stop making fun of my pig,” Selena declared.
“Let’s not even get started on Antonio Banderas,” announced Saul.
During lunch, they continued their good natured ribbing about Selena’s animals.  Certain stares ran hard into all four of them but Selena shut them out of her mind, even with some of them as smelly as a septic tank.  Cherise and Asher rudely pointed fingers at her and grimaced.  Selena tried to keep her eyesight on Xavier who seemed not to pay any attention to the havoc around them, his whole attitude unperturbed and in a constant state of devil may care.   

***************************

“What does he see in her?” cried Cherise, her voice cracking.  “I just don’t get it.”
“Maybe he feels sorry for her,” Asher commented.
“Xavier has to stop being so nice.”  Cherise stammered as she openly stared at Xavier and Selena, long fingers clawing inside of her.
“Don’t worry, Cherise.  I’m sure he’ll soon get over his charity complex.”

**************************

Ignore stupidity, Selena repeated to herself, but Asher’s and Cherise’s condescending eyes kept on her and she could hear their snickers.  Selena had never let their superior attitudes bother her until now.  Not even her family history crashing with Asher’s had ever disturbed her inner sanctum.  Mr. Spinoza and Asher’s father, Blake Montgomery, were mortal enemies; part of a past Selena’s dad couldn’t forget or forgive.
Asher and Selena had done an excellent job ignoring each other until now.  And Xavier was unfortunately in the middle of the mess.  Asher finally turned her attention to Steve who sat in front of her but Cherise wouldn’t tear her eyes away from Selena.  Her glare hurled poisonous arrows.  Selena looked away from her, trying to shut the viper out of her thoughts.
“Are you okay?” asked Xavier, his unwavering gaze on Selena filled with concern.
“I’m great,” she said, knowing he had caught her lie.
He stared deeply into Selena and nodded solemnly.
Suddenly, Cherise’s tray accidentally crashed to the floor.  Bits of chicken, corn, and mashed potatoes glided together on the ground creating a big mess of mush.  Cherise was too embarrassed to pick it up, and Mr. Honeybee, who was also having lunch, made her clean it.  Asher didn’t seem too thrilled with her friend embarrassing her.  Steve laughed good naturedly along with just about everyone else in the cafeteria.

Selena brushed her long, dark mane until it shimmered.  She had picked out her mother’s favorite outfit for her—a violet silk dress that Mrs. Spinoza had made herself.  The light purple color brought out the shiny streaks in her hair and the cinnamon in her skin.  Selena didn’t go out that often, especially on Saturday nights.  Not that it was a date; she was quick to assure herself.  Moonflower, Saul, Xavier and she had agreed to go to dinner and a movie.  An evening out with good friends—how much fun would that be?
“You look lovely,” said Mrs. Spinoza with eyes that sparkled with a gleam only reserved for her daughter.  “Muy hermosa.”
“Yes, mija,” agreed Mr. Spinoza, not sounding too happy.
Moonflower and Saul arrived at her house first since Selena’s home was the meeting point for all four of them.  They would be using the car of Saul’s brother.  Xavier had promptly informed them that he didn’t drive.
“I can show you how to drive, dude,” Saul had told him.
“I know how to drive,” Xavier stated uncomfortably, his usual open self with them shutting itself like a faucet.
“Then why don’t you drive?” asked Moonflower.
“Just because,” Xavier declared with a certain finality to his voice that stopped any more questions.
The excitement of the evening brought a certain amount of vibrant energy with Moonflower and Saul.  Mr. Spinoza eyed them suspiciously while Mrs. Spinoza beamed them a holiday smile.
Another knock on the door brought Xavier inside.  Selena ignored when the dancing electrical current in the air became more pronounced and tried, tried with everything she had inside of her, to ignore his appearance.  His usual blue jeans and T-shirt were replaced with black tailored slacks, a light blue shirt and a black jacket over it—all fitting perfectly on his strong, graceful body.
“Be home at a decent hour,” said Mr. Spinoza before they stepped out the door.
“You’re beautiful,” Xavier whispered in Selena’s ear before getting in the car.  Selena radiated a smile.  His hand went inside coat pocket, pulling out a single bright-purple rose.  The soft aroma of the serene petals wafted in her nose. 
“Thank you,” Selena uttered, not too happy with the feelings it was bringing out inside of her but at the same time, overwhelmed with the gesture.
Selena quickly glanced at Moonflower and Saul who had just gotten in the car.  With relief, she realized they hadn’t seen anything.  They were too busy chatting.  She would’ve never been able to live it down with Moonflower.  Selena swiftly but gently put the special rose in her purse.
During the drive to the restaurant, Moonflower chatted about Saul’s new job.  He had started working as an assistant in his father’s welding shop.  Xavier quietly stared at Selena as she tried to nervously concentrate at what the pair up front was saying.  When they finally reached the eatery, Selena realized that Moonflower and Saul had not paid attention to the fact that she nor Xavier had spoken at all. 
“Where are we?” asked Xavier, finally speaking.
“Chico’s Tacos of course,” stated Saul.
“What?”
“You’ve never been to Chico’s Tacos?” asked Moonflower.
“No, I’ve never been here.  Why?”
“You don’t now what you’re missing, dude,” expressed Saul.
Moonflower’s facial features positioned themselves in a very dramatic pose.  “Your palate has been tragically neglected.  You just can’t imagine how much!”
“This is one of El Paso’s most famous landmarks,” commented Selena.
“A fast food restaurant?” asked Xavier.
Moonflower emphatically nodded.  “You’ll see, you’ll see.  You’ll thank your lucky movie stars that you met us, and we brought you here.”
Saul insisted on ordering for him since Xavier was about to order a hamburger, but Saul told him he had to have the place’s specialty.
“You can’t come to Chico’s Tacos and not have the rolled tacos, dude,” affirmed Saul.
“It would be a sacrilege!” Moonflower exclaimed dramatically.  “And utter madness!”
Selena nodded.  “Xavier, you have to try the rolled tacos.”
“What’s the difference?  Isn’t everything here good?”
“Dude, have the chico’s tacos,” insisted Saul.
Xavier acquiesced but was curious about the huge deal made over the tacos.  When their order was ready, Xavier studied the small carton containers with rolled flute-like corn tortillas containing meat inside and swimming in red sauce.  Yellow cheese floated on top.  Moonflower, Selena and Saul poured little containers of green salsa over the mixture.  Xavier did the same and the other three waited patiently for him to take his first bite.
“Oh!” Xavier announced.  “Is this good!”
“Dude, now you know what you’ve been missing all these years,” Saul declared.
Xavier decided to get four more orders and asked if anyone wanted some, but the others were full.  He ate them all while Moonflower and Saul looked at him in wonderment.
“Where does all that fit?” Moonflower asked wistfully.  You’re so thin.”
“This is really good,” stated Xavier, between bites.
Later, at the movies, Xavier was still talking about Chico’s Tacos.  They sat patiently, waiting for the film to start, and Xavier commented on how he couldn’t believe that he didn’t know such a place existed.
“Okay, but can we talk about something else?” asked Saul, causing Selena and Moonflower to giggle.
“I can’t wait to see this movie!” Moonflower gushed.  
“I just hope it won’t disappoint you, my butterfly dudette.”
Moonflower and Saul went on and on about the film, pausing for hardly any breaths.  The lights started dimming, and the blank screen in front of them came to life.  
“No more talking,” chided Moonflower to Selena and Xavier.  “Time for the movie.”
Suddenly, the picture onscreen broke off along with the sound.  A loud groan could be heard from the crowded seats and several people stepped out to complain about the incident.  For fifteen minutes the reel would run for a few seconds and then break the continuance.  Finally, a few ushers stepped in.
“Sorry about the movie,” one of them said.  “We can’t get the projector to work, but we’re going to give you two complimentary tickets each so— " Abruptly, the reel started again without problems.  
The head usher eyed the screen in a bewildered way.  “I guess it’s working again,” he said, scratching his head.  He gave away the complimentary tickets anyway and promptly left so the audience could enjoy the film.
Xavier shrugged his shoulders.  “Mechanical stuff,” he stated.
The film continued smoothly and with no more interruptions.  When it ended, Saul didn’t try to hide his disgust.
“I can’t believe Hollywood tricked me into watching this thing,” he said, annoyed.  “I wish that the projector would’ve stayed messed up.”
“I liked the movie,” Selena commented.
Moonflower nodded, sighing deeply.  “It was funny and romantic.”
“It was totally a chick flick.  I thought it was supposed to be an action film,” Saul declared.
“There was some action,” interjected Xavier.
Saul rolled his eyes.  “Some?  It was supposed to be all action.”
“I liked it,” stated Xavier.
“But it was a chick flick, dude.”
“I like romantic comedies.  There’s enough tragedy in the world without having to watch blood and guts all the time,” Xavier said, nonchalantly.
“Dude, has anyone told you you’re strange?” Saul asked.
Xavier caught Selena’s eyes and smiled his movie star sparkler.  “Yes, I’ve been told.”
“Well, I don’t think it’s strange,” offered Moonflower.  “I think it’s neat that you like romantic comedies.”
“Me too,” Selena chimed in.
“So you’re a romantic at heart?” uttered Saul.
“I guess so,” answered Xavier.
Moonflower smiled as she looked from Selena to Xavier.  “Romantic is very good.”
On the way home, Xavier insisted they leave him off at Selena’s house, so he could walk her to the door.
“We can wait for you, dude, if you want us to drop you off at your place,” said Saul.
“No, I’ll walk home.  I don’t live too far from here.”
Before leaving, Moonflower gave Selena a huge knowing smile.  Selena shook her head with annoyance but Moonflower wouldn’t take the smile off of her lips.
At the door, Selena prepared to say a simple good night but Xavier glided close to her, completely unaware of the invasion of space he was causing a nervous and trembling Selena.
“You’re in my space,” declared Selena, unable to step away from him.
“Sorry,” he said, smiling his sparkler but not moving an inch.
“The polite thing would be for you to step back.”
“Yes, that would be the polite thing to do,” he agreed, still staying firmly in place.
At a distance, Selena heard her hummingbird, Barbra Streisand, singing melodiously with a rhythm that enveloped itself to the quiet of the night.
“Strange,” she expressed.
“What do you mean?”
“My hummingbird has never been here at night.”
“There’s a first time for everything,” he said lightly.
She nodded her cloudy head.  “Yes.”
“Moonflower thinks I want you for more than a friend, right?” he asked quietly, his voice smooth and deep.
He was so close that Selena could feel his light breath on her cheek.  “Yes, it’s stupid,” she said, embarrassed.
“No, it’s not,” he said, getting even closer.  “She’s right.”
As he confidently closed off the vacant space remaining between them, she took quick bursts of air to try to steady herself just before his mouth reached hers.  She told herself not to make a fool out of herself by swooning, 
POP!!!
A painful lightning spark exploded from their jointed lips.  The sharp popping sound resonated in their ears.  They swiftly separated, both slamming their fingers over their sore mouths.
“Ow!” Selena exclaimed.  “That hurt!”



Chapter 21

“It’s just a little static,” explained Xavier, his fingers still rubbing his mouth.
“It’s like we attract electricity,” stated Selena as her eyebrows furrowed.
“We spark—that’s a good thing.”
“But—“
Like a gentle feather, his lips reached hers once more and this time no painful explosions separated them.  Her lips tasted an inviting subtle sweetness coming from him, more like a dab of powdered cinnamon than a teaspoon of sharp vanilla.  And she was lost.  Where was she?  She didn’t know.  All she knew was that she didn’t want to push him aside and tell him they were only friends and shouldn’t be kissing like this.  She didn’t want to question his motives or wonder if he was being sincere.  All she wanted to do was keep kissing him, keep him close, and keep their emotions intersecting.
When a loud radio was turned on from the inside of Selena’s home, both jumped away from each other.  She smiled in an embarrassed way, and he gently touched her hand.
“My dad,” was all she could say.
He nodded.  “I figured.”
“He’s very protective.”
“I know.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry that you have a family that takes good care of you, Selena.”
She smiled.  “It’s nice to be cared about.”
“Don’t ever doubt that you’re deeply cared about, and I’m not just talking about your parents,” he stated authoritatively.  “We’re not just friends anymore.”
And with that, the spell was suddenly broken.  A nervous hemorrhage came out of her mouth. “Maybe we shouldn’t have—“
“Stop,” he declared.
“But, Xavier, we’re good friends.  We’re—“
“Yes, we’ll always be good friends but . . . “ he said, caressing her cheek.  “How do you feel about me, Selena?”
“I . . . I . . .”
“Do you like being with me?”
“Yes, of course.”
“Did you like my kiss?”
Selena could feel her face heat up and her breath sharpen in spastic fits. “I. . .  I . . .”
“Selena,” he said firmly.  “Just say it.  Did you like my kiss?”
“It’s not so simple.”
He let out a frustrated breath.  “Why not?”
“What if we’re wrong for each other?”
“Selena,” he said strongly, “sometimes you have to jump in the water.”
“But—“
“Selena, did you like my kiss?” he repeated.  “Just answer, please.”
“Yes,” Selena answered simply.
“You like being with me, and you liked my kiss.  What’s the problem?”
“I guess when you put it that way . . .”
The radio was turned up louder.
“I guess it's dad’s way of saying that it's getting late,” explained Selena.
He joined his forehead with Selena’s, their touch emanating a warmth that sent shivers up their spines.  “You’ve got to get in,” he whispered.
“I do,” she mumbled with disappointment.
Xavier detached his forehead and then bent his neck, giving Selena a voluptuous peck on the mouth.  “You tell Zac that you’re with me now,” he murmured as he left.
Selena stepped into her home with a dazed look.  Mr. Spinoza gave her a worried look while Mrs. Spinoza grinned from ear to ear.  How could Selena tell them about the evening?  How could she even begin to explain what was happening to her?  
“Did you have a nice night, preciosa?” asked Mrs. Spinoza after Mr. Spinoza had turned off the radio.
“Yes.”
“You did?” Mr. Spinoza asked gruffly.
“Yes, Dad.”
“Not too nice, I hope,” grumbled Mr. Spinoza. 

"Did he kiss you, Sel?" Moonflower asked anxiously over the phone.  “Did he take you in his strong arms, look deeply into your passionate eyes, and brought his fiery lips to yours?”
No sooner had Selena gotten into her comfortable pajamas and was gazing at the perfect rose Xavier had given her when her mom had stepped into her room, handing her the cordless telephone.  Selena hadn't even heard it ring.  How far away was she from reality?
"You called me for that?" Selena asked.
"Stop avoiding my question.  Did he kiss you or not?"
"Yes," Selena said, caressing the flower Xavier had given her.
"I knew it," Moonflower gushed excitedly.  “You finally know what it's like to be in love!  I’m so excited!”
“In love?”
“Don’t argue with me, Sel.  I know when someone’s in love.”
“But—“
“What did his kiss taste like?  Eternity?  Bliss?”
Selena decided to ignore her question.  "You must've known he was going to kiss me before I did."
"It didn't take a genius, Sel.  I bet he's a good kisser!"
"I don't have that much experience, but he did make my knees shake."
"Awesome!"
That night, Selena went to bed thinking about Xavier's warm lips.  She had been kissed only once before by a boy she had only gone out with once.  He had put his sloppy lips on hers, and her stomach had turned.  The next day, he had told everybody at school that he had given her the smooch of her life.  It had been more like tasting a septic tank.   With Xavier, it was like being in quicksand—the deeper he kissed Selena, the deeper she got into him.



Chapter 22

When Xavier arrived at Selena's home, he stopped in front of the door and smiled with the anticipation of seeing Selena.  Antonio ran to him, expecting a pat on the head, and Xavier didn’t disappoint him.
“Hello, boy,” Xavier said.
Antonio barked his greeting, and he felt calmer.  It wouldn’t do for him to lose control of his faculties.  It wouldn’t do at all.  He had pulled off meeting her parents without a hitch but if he wasn’t careful, the curse would spring out without him being able to do anything about it as it had done before.  Luckily, no great harm had come of it.  Selena didn’t suspect anything even though she had inadvertently witnessed some of it and knew there was something different about him.  
Xavier gave the door a strong knock and was expecting Selena to answer but instead, Mrs. Spinoza appeared.
"Good afternoon, Mrs. Spinoza."
"Hello, Xavier,” she said, eyeing the flowers and smiling.  “I'm assuming you're here to see Selena."
"I sure am."
"She's at Moonflower's."
"I told her I'd come today, but I'm a little early."
"Come in, Xavier," Mrs. Spinoza said, leading him inside. "I'll call her on the phone."
"No, please don't."
"Excuse me?"
"They just got their friendship back.  I'll wait for her."
Mrs. Spinoza grinned.  "You don't mind waiting?"
"No, not at all.” 
Xavier suddenly realized what was askew in the living room.  It was almost too odd for words.  Could his eyes be deceiving him?  
"Excuse me, Mrs. Spinoza, but is Zac watching TV?" he asked.
Zac comfortably sat in front of the TV set with his eyes fixed on the screen.
Mrs. Spinoza chuckled.  "Yes, he is."
Zac grunted at Xavier, but his eyesight quickly returned to the screen.
"What's he watching?"
"His favorite is the old Green Acres show,” stated Mrs. Spinoza.
"I'm assuming he likes to watch Arnold—the pig."
"Arnold is his favorite movie star."
"Do you think he understands what he's watching?"
"I'm pretty sure he does,” assured Mrs. Spinoza.
“I wouldn’t be surprised.”
The telephone rang loudly.  "Make yourself at home while I get the phone," said Mrs. Spinoza as she stepped into the kitchen.
Xavier patiently sat on the sofa and Zac ignored him until a commercial appeared on the screen.  Zac suddenly turned to Xavier and gave him a loud angry grunt.
"Don't you start with me, Zac," stated Xavier.
Zac gave him a heavy squeal and eyed him with challenge in his eyes.
"Don't get me in trouble.  You're in with this family, but I'm not—not yet, anyway."
Zac’s high pitched shrill practically pierced Xavier’s ears.
"You and I need to have a talk—man to pig."
Zac squealed louder when Xavier said pig.
"Zac, that's what you are.  You're not a man.  You're a pig."
Zac grunted at him.
"You need to realize that you can never be Selena's boyfriend, okay?"
Zac's deafening cry almost blew out Xavier’s ear drums.
"For one thing, how would you kiss her with that big snout of yours?"
Zac looked as pensive as a pig could get.
"She does love you but in a family way and not like a girlfriend."
Zac’s sad eyes looked down.
"I know it's hard to accept, bud.  But it's better if you come to terms with it now."
"Are you talking to Zac?" asked an amused Mrs. Spinoza, stepping in from the kitchen.
Xavier was suddenly embarrassed.  "A little."
"I talk to him too, but a word to the wise—don't ever talk to Zac in front of Selena's dad."
"I won't."
"He accepts his daughter talking to her animals, but he'll think you're weird."
"Don't worry, Mrs. Spinoza, I'll try not to be weird around him."
The spring door could be heard swinging open.
"That must be Selena," said Mrs. Spinoza.
"You're already here," Selena stated with a grin.  "Have you been waiting for long?"
"No, not long at all," answered Xavier, rewarding her with his movie star smile.
"How was your visit with Moonflower?" asked Mrs. Spinoza.
"Very good.  Mrs. Dominguez says hello."
"That reminds me, I need to call her to ask about the church bazaar,” said Mrs. Spinoza as she went into the kitchen.
Selena shyly stepped up to Xavier.  "I'm glad your here," she said brightly. 
Pecking her on the lips, he squeezed her hand.  "Stolen kisses," he murmured.
“No electrical shocks,” stated Selena.
“Nope, just sparks,” he asserted as his lips moved to join hers.  
Suddenly, they felt something crossing their feet.  When they looked down, Zac who was rushing out the back door that had been left ajar.
"Zac," Selena called out, but Zac kept running.  "I think we've hurt his feelings."
"Selena, he's got to get used to me being here," Xavier stated firmly.
“But—“
“He needs to accept me.”
She nodded.  "You're right."
"I'm going to be here often," he said, putting his index finger under her chin and pulling her face up to his.  
"I hope so.” 
"I guarantee it."
“Really?”
“Yes, really.”
“Good,” expressed Selena.
“You can’t get rid of me anymore.”



Part Two
Secrets

“Deep inside, people are full of secrets and if they’re lucky, very lucky, they’ll find someone to share them with.”  Grandmother Chela.



Chapter 23

Selena gently flicked a dark strand of hair from Xavier's unwavering eyes.
"Isn't that funny?" asked Selena with a grin.
Xavier chuckled.  "Yes."
The lunchroom was crowded but neither took notice.  Neither paid attention to the curious or envious stares aimed at them.  Neither took note of Saul and Moonflower having a playful argument next to them as to the best way to eat a juicy watermelon.  Saul assured her it was best to grab chunks of it once it was open, and she assured him it was better to eat it in big slices.  
Selena and Xavier were in their own world.   "Barbra Streisand flew inside the barn and sat on Zac, and he gave her a ride.  If I hadn't been there myself, I wouldn't believe this story."
"I believe you," he declared, still chuckling.
"I'm sorry, Xavier."
"For what?"
"Boring you," she explained.
"Boring me?"
"I don't mean to go on and on about my animals."
Xavier glided his index finger over her cheek.  "Why would you think that I'm bored?"
"Because they're mine and not yours."
"I think everything about you is interesting.”
“You’re the one with the interesting life,” insisted Selena.
“Why do you say that?”
“I just get the feeling that there are so many interesting complications inside of you.”
“Maybe,” he said, his steel gaze tearing away.  “But you’re complicated too.”  His dark eyes went back to her.
“I guess my life is also kind of wacky.”
"My life is nothing like yours.  You're very lucky.  Believe me when I say that."
“Lucky?”
“Yes, lucky,” Xavier asserted.  “Not everyone has great parents or a loving place to live.”
“Xavier—“
“We’d better finish our lunch before the bell rings.”

Selena didn't like the tone of her father’s voice when he arrived from work.  It had a hard edge to it that could cut through a hard surface.  Mr. Spinoza informed her that he needed to speak to her.  The lines on his forehead wrinkled deeply.  It could only mean one thing--that he had something very unpleasant to discuss.  Even Mrs. Spinoza seemed worried upon seeing him.
"What is it, Dad?" Selena inquired, dreading the answer.
"It's about your young man."
"You mean Xavier?" Selena asked, her stomach in knots.
“I know he seems like a nice young man.”
“Seems?” questioned Selena.
“Yes, seems.”
“Dad, what are you getting at?”
“He’s not what he appears to be.”
“Artemio,” chided Mrs. Spinoza, “what are you saying?”
“Dad, why are you saying that Xavier isn’t what he seems?” Selena questioned.
“He’s not,” insisted Mr. Spinoza.
“But—“
"I was driving home with Juan.  We were passing by that big, rich house you like so much, Blake Montgomery's house."
"The mini-mansion?" Selena asked.
"And then who did I see but Xavier going inside."
"Xavier?" Selena asked with surprise.
“He was going into Blake Montgomery’s house,” Mr. Spinoza repeated angrily.
“Why would he do that?” mumbled Selena, almost not wanting to know the answer to why her boyfriend was going into the home of her father’s worst enemy.
"Juan said Xavier is Blake Montgomery's nephew."



Chapter 24

"What?!" Selena exclaimed, flabbergasted.  She couldn’t have heard right!
"How does Juan know that?" Mrs. Spinoza asked sharply.
"He's dating their maid," Mr. Spinoza stated.  "Don't you remember how Xavier told us he was staying with an uncle?"
"Yes," Mrs. Spinoza said, perplexed and upset.
"What's Xavier's last name, Selenita?" Mr. Spinoza asked.
"Jones," Selena stated firmly.  “And he said his mother’s family wasn’t from here, so it can’t be an uncle from her side.”
“Different last names,” Mrs. Spinoza announced with hope.  “Maybe Juan made a mistake.”
“I don’t think so,” Mr. Spinoza insisted.  “Xavier is Blake Montgomery’s nephew.  Why else would Xavier be going into Blake Montgomery’s house without knocking?”
“I can think of a million reasons,” Selena said, frantically trying to grab at anything she could get a hold of.
“But Juan’s girlfriend says Xavier is Blake’s nephew,” Mr. Spinoza insisted with harsh firmness.  “She should know since she works at that house.”
Selena’s stomach started burning with fierce acidity as if something remarkably sour had been poured into it.  Blake Montgomery.  Just the name alone filled her with revulsion and disgust.  Many years ago, way before she was born or even before her parents had met each other, Mr. Spinoza had been in the United States without papers.  He had worked for Blake Montgomery on his horse ranch in La Union before Blake Montgomery had built his mini mansion in Gran Estrella.  
Even with all the passing years, Selena’s dad never forgot how Blake Montgomery had treated him.  Blake Montgomery had never said Mr. Spinoza's name but instead called him 'wetback', and he had never looked at Mr. Spinoza in the eye.  He had just barked orders at him.  Then Blake Montgomery had accused Mr. Spinoza of neglecting the horses when he himself had left the gate open of the corral.  All the horses had been rounded up, but Blake Montgomery had cruelly tongue lashed Mr. Spinoza who in turn quit his job.  Blake Montgomery had refused to pay him his last wages and to make his repulsive attitude even more unforgivable, Blake Montgomery had turned Mr. Spinoza into the border patrol.  
Since then, much had changed.  Mr. Spinoza had his papers in order.  He had met the love of his life and had gotten married.  He had a family who adored him, but he never forgot the cruelty and humiliation of Blake Montgomery.  Selena knew that inside her father's rough exterior was a man beyond kindness and love.  One only had to see how he had taken care of Mrs. Spinoza during the cancer scare to realize that he was for the most part a loving person, but there was only one person he couldn't forgive.  There was only one person he hated--Blake Montgomery.
"He has never told you who his uncle is, has he, Selena?" Mr. Spinoza asked.
"No, Dad," Selena said tearfully.
Not only had he not told Selena who his uncle was, Xavier hadn't told her a lot.  If he was Blake Montgomery’s nephew then he was Asher and Chad’s cousin, he was wealthy, and he lived in the most beautiful house in Gran Estrella, maybe El Paso.  How could she be going out with a guy who she knew so little about?  Selena couldn’t get it out of her head how Asher and Chad both looked at her as if she could never belong with Xavier, could never be good enough for him.
"You can't see this boy again," Mr. Spinoza stated.
"But, Artemio--" started Mrs. Spinoza.
“He is Blake Montgomery’s nephew!” insisted Mr. Spinoza.
“We don’t know that for sure, Artemio,” Mrs. Spinoza snapped.
“I’ll find out,” Selena said quietly, wondering what she’d do if it turned out to be true.

Selena sat outside her house on her porch.  She forlornly drank a soda that quenched her thirst but seemed tasteless.  Her parents had pleaded with her to go shopping with them but after church, Selena insisted she needed some time alone.  She could sort out her painful jumbled thoughts in the silence of her home.  As she dissected the situation with Xavier, she became wearier and wearier.  A relationship had to be based on trust and truth.  She couldn't have a relationship with a mysterious ghost and even if she had all these deep, touchable feelings for him, she had to protect herself from what she didn't know about him.  She had to protect herself from someone who didn't seem to want to share himself fully with her.
Selena had so far avoided any phone calls from Xavier, fearing the truth, but she knew eventually she'd have to face him.  She couldn't always hide in the weekend as she had done so far.  At school, she'd be forced to confront him but as it turned out, she didn't have to wait for Monday.  
"Hey,” Xavier said, stepping in from the gate.  "You haven't returned my phone calls?  Is anything wrong?" he asked, concerned as he sat next to her.
“Yes,” she stated, staring at the floor.
“What’s wrong?” he questioned, trying hard to understand her demeanor.
"Where do you live?" blurted Selena, her eyes not being able to meet his as her fingers clutched the soda can.
"Why are you asking me?" asked Xavier, puzzled.
"There's so much I don't know about you." 
“Selena—“
“So much!”
"What are you getting at?"
"Is your uncle Blake Montgomery?" Selena asked quietly.
"How did you know?  How--"
“So Blake Montgomery is your uncle?” she uttered with pain.
“Yes, but—“
“This changes everything.”



Chapter 25

“What are you saying, Selena?” he asked, perplexed.
“Why is your last name different from your uncle’s?” Selena asked tearfully, still not being able to wrap herself around this truth.
“My uncle and my father had different fathers.  Why are you asking me this?”  Xavier asked, completely puzzled and concerned.
Selena set the can on the floor and crossed her arms in front of her, trying to prevent her heavily beating heart from leaving her chest.  "You’ve told me so little about yourself."
"What does it matter who my uncle is?"
"It matters a lot."
"Why?  I don't understand.  Where is this coming from?"
Selena quietly but painfully told him the whole story of how his uncle had degraded and betrayed her father.  Xavier listened with horror spreading through him like poison from a scorpion.
"My uncle did that?" he barely choked out.
"Yes, and my father will never forgive him," declared Selena, trying to contain the pounding in her head.  Suddenly, soda started spraying out of the can on the ground like the occasion when Xavier had visited her for the first time.  The dark liquid hissed as it shot out in translucent shards.  
“What—“
“Ignore it,” Xavier told her, his voice shaky.  "I always knew my uncle was a jerk, but I didn't know how much.”  The soda just as suddenly stopped spraying.
"My dad says we can't see each other anymore."  She could barely get the words out.
“What?”
“Dad can’t stand your uncle,” she stated quietly.
"Selena, I'll talk to your father.  I'll explain--"
"Xavier, who are you? "
“What?”
“Who are you?”
Deep hurt sprang into Xavier's dark eyes.  "You know who I am.  Why would you even ask?" Soda started spraying out again, but this time both Selena and Xavier ignored it.
"It bothers me that you don't want to be truthful with me."
"What are you talking about?"
"You don't want to tell me who you are."
"That's ridiculous, Selena.  Who I am is the one sitting next to you."
"No, Xavier.  Who you are is locked deep inside, and you won't let anyone in, including me."
"There's stuff I don't want to talk about, okay?" he declared sharply.
"Then you and I have nothing to talk about," Selena stated with a broken tone.  
The soda shooting out of the can hissed a loud shriek and then exploded. Blasting wet liquid in all directions, it hit Selena and Xavier.  She stared at the turned over can with confused puzzlement as she wiped the specks of soda from her face.  
Xavier talked to her as if nothing had just happened.  "You're breaking up with me because I won't lay all my crap out so you can examine it?" he asked, his voice hurt.
Her eyes left the can and stared straight into Xavier.  "I'm breaking up with you because I feel I don't know you."
“That doesn’t make any sense.”
“It makes all the sense, Xavier.  People open themselves in relationships.”
“I can’t.  Not now.  Not yet.”
“Then we can’t be together.”
“You’re throwing us away just like that?” he asked, his pained voice trying to stay even.
“I don’t know you,” she said painfully.  “How can I be with someone I don’t know?”
The car alarm from the neighbor’s red Chevy blared loudly, penetrating the already intense air around Selena and Xavier.
"Okay," he murmured, "have it your way."  
And just like that, Xavier moved swiftly away from Selena's life.  Selena stared after him as suddenly all sound and feeling were lost.  She didn’t even particularly pay attention to a water spigot breaking apart and shooting a powerful surge of water next door and only a few feet away from the crying vehicle as Xavier strode past it.
Then it hit.
CRASH!
Waves and waves of powerful force bounced inside her like the first time she had met him, but this time a pulling sensation accompanied it.  This time the magnetic energy was leaving her.  
It was fortunate she was sitting down, or she was certain she’d be hitting the ground.
What was it about Xavier that he could do this to her?



Chapter 26

Sadness.



Chapter 27

At school, Selena avoided even glancing at Xavier who seemed to have locked himself deeper within his own skin.  Moonflower wanted to know what had happened and Selena explained that she couldn't talk about it yet.  Some stuff was way too deep to be able to bring out without causing permanent damage.  
“I’ll tell you soon,” Selena said.  “I just need some time.”
In Science class, she could feel his guarded, intense eyes on her, and she had to do the impossible—not turning around.  Painful magnetic snaps irritated her skin as his presence collided with hers.  She took in deep breaths but found they hurt more than helped.  
Selena rushed into one of the bathroom stalls to compose herself when Cherise and Asher started having a conversation at the sinks, not aware that she was there.
"I hear that the chunk-of-lard isn't going out with Xavier anymore," stated a giddy Cherise.
"I don't know what he was doing with her," expressed Asher.
"Slumming it," Cherise retorted.
"My cousin can be such an idiot."
"Your cousin?" asked a surprised Cherise.
"Yes," Asher said reluctantly.  "My cousin."
"Xavier is your cousin?" Cherise asked angrily.
"Yes, my cousin."
"Why didn’t you tell me this before?" Cherise demanded.
"Because," Asher said, exasperated, "he was embarrassing Chad and me."
"But, Asher, I’ve been trying to get with him for I don’t know how long.  You could’ve helped!” Cherise exclaimed, hurt and furious.
"You really like him, don't you?"
"He’s very special, Asher," Cherise murmured.  “My heart totally melts when he’s around.”
"I’ll tell you what, I'll make up for not having told you."
"How are you going to do that?"
"Xavier lives in my house.  I'll invite you to have dinner with us."
"You will?" Cherise asked, her voice peaking with excitement combined with hope.
"Yes, it's about time he goes out with someone in his own league."
Selena nonchalantly stepped out of the stall and went up to the sink.  Asher and Cherise stared at her with their mouths wide open. 
“Hi,” Selena said to the both of them as she washed her hands slowly and deliberately. “Bye,” Selena threw out before stepping out the door.  Still flabbergasted, Asher and Cherise turned their eyes to the wall.  
As soon as Selena went down the hallway, her thoughts started colliding like spoiled children fighting over the same toy.  Asher and Cherise were such jerks calling her lard and saying she wasn’t in Xavier’s league.  But that wasn’t what bothered her the most.  
 Will Xavier go for Cherise?    
Cherise had boys around her all the time.  Why wouldn't he want her?  Then again, Xavier had rebuffed her before.
Why am I obsessing about it?
Selena kept telling herself over and over again how nice it was for things to be normal again, that there was no one occupying her thoughts anymore.  No one would fight with her pig or irritate her father.  She could spend more time with her friends and mother.  The only problem was that when she caught even a single glimpse of Xavier, all reasoning went out the window
Will Xavier fall for Cherise? 

Sitting in Selena's bedroom after school, Moonflower talked non-stop with a motor mouth that even Selena was having a difficult time keeping up with.
"Guess what?  You'll never guess," she said, rushing her words.  "I just found out that Xavier is Asher and Chad Montgomery's cousin.  It is so weird!  I’m totally freaked out about it.  They’re related!  Can you believe that?"
"I already knew."
Moonflower’s face contorted with deep hurt.  "And you didn't tell me?"
"I just found that out too."
Moonflower's eyes widened as if something had suddenly occurred to her.  "Your dad and Blake Montgomery are enemies!"
Selena nodded.  "Yep."
"This is terrible, Selena!  Terrible!"
"Yep," Selena uttered sadly.
“Oh my gosh!  Sel, this is exactly like what happened to Romeo and Juliet with the Capulets and Montigues fight—“
“Please, Moonflower,” implored Selena.  “Let’s tone down the theatrics today.  I’m not in the mood for them.  Sorry.”
Moonflower nodded dejectedly.  “Okay.”
“Thanks.”
"All of this stuff with Xavier is so strange."
"I'd say so."
“Very strange!”
“I know.”
"And why did he keep all of this a secret?  It's like he doesn't want anybody to know that he's rich.  Why?"
"I don't know, but now you know why we broke up."
"He won't even ride with Asher and Chad in their awesome cars."
"For some reason, he likes to ride the bus."
"He wouldn't even admit to being their cousins."
"Nope."
"All this is very confusing."
"Yes, very.  You can imagine how I feel."



Chapter 28

The fog, as thick and burdensome as ever, became even more opaque as she kept walking swiftly.  This time no eerie yellow eyes stared at her and no puzzle lay at her feet.  
“You’ve got to turn around and go back to your destiny,” the serene woman’s voice said, her light silhouette close to Selena.
“Stop bugging me about destiny,” she answered, irritated.
“The puzzle is waiting for you.”
“I don’t like puzzles,” Selena insisted.
“But this one is your destiny.”
“I already told you—“
“Don’t fight this, Selena.”
“Listen, I don’t want to go back.  Those spooky eyes are there.”
“Don’t fool yourself into thinking they’re not here.”
“They’re here?”
“Just because you can’t see them doesn’t mean they’re not around.”
“So what do I do?” Selena asked fearfully.  “How do I get rid of them?”
“Face your destiny.  It’s the only way.”



Chapter 29

During lunch period, Selena sat with Moonflower and Saul.  After having had another one of her peculiar dreams, Selena barely touched her food.  Her world had become almost unrecognizable to her.  Quietly in her space, she tried not to glance at Xavier who as usual, sat by himself.  She painfully winced when Cherise, with tray on hand, walked over to Xavier and plopped herself down next to him.  She wore a tight black mini skirt and a gray form-fitting blouse.
Moonflower's mouth flew open in surprise.  "I can't believe she did that," Moonflower whispered.
Cherise swung her hair, and her flirty voice filled the cafeteria.  "I saw you were by yourself and thought I'd sit with you.  I hope it’s okay."
"It’s not," Xavier stated.
“What?” she asked, surprised.
“It’s not okay.”
"You don't actually like being by yourself, do you?"
"Yes, I do."
"But, Xavier—-"
"Excuse me," Xavier said as he stood up with his uneaten lunch and went to the dumpsters to dump it.  He stepped out of the cafeteria with everyone in absolute shock.  Cherise’s bottom lip trembled and her eyes, shiny with water, stared desolately after him.  Selena unclasped her trembling hands.  
Moonflower giggled.  "Xavier.”

During Science class, Selena stared at the huge clock on the wall.  Her once favorite time of the day now dragged.  The second hand sluggishly dawdled and Selena could hear the clicking sound it made as it tried to move forward.  Relief poured from her when the bell finally rang.  
Selena avoided looking at Xavier while on the way home.  When the bus stopped, she was the first one out.  Rushing with Antonio to her house, she didn't let out a single breath until she opened her front door.
"How was school today, Selenita?" asked Mrs. Spinoza.
"It was fine."
"Just fine?"
"School is school."
Mrs. Spinoza sighed in frustration.  "Sit down, preciosa.  We've got to talk."
"About what?"
"You know what."
"If you want talk to me about Xavier then please don't.  I don't want to talk about him."
"Selenita, you haven't said a word about him since you broke up with him."
"I don't want to talk about it, Mom."
"You miss him, don't you?"
"Mom, I don't--"
"Sit down," ordered Mrs. Spinoza.  "We're going to talk about this.  I'm not going to let you carry all that junk inside of you."
Selena's sad eyes became teary.  "But, Mom, I don't want you to be worrying about me."
"I'm a mother.  It comes with the territory."
"You've been through so much.  I don't want to cause you any more pain."
"I'm in more pain by seeing how much you're hurting and not letting anyone inside."
"Mom, I really miss him," she murmured.  Mrs. Spinoza gave her a warm hug.
"Talk to him, preciosa."
"But dad will never accept him."
"This isn't about your dad and him.  It's about you and him.  Your Grandmother Chela says that every person has to be responsible for their lives, their successes, and their failures."
"What if what is broken can't be put back together?"
"Selenita, you'll never know unless you try."
"Mom, he's so secretive.  How can I know that I'm seeing what I think I'm seeing?"
"Talk to him, Selenita.  Get it all in the open, and then you can decide what's right for you."
Selena nodded.  "I think I'm ready to talk to him."
Tomorrow, Selena decided she would ask to see him after school.  A twinkle of hope lit up the darkness that had engulfed her.

Selena hurried to the bus stop with an aching amount of anticipation spreading through her.  In the early morning, while she was feeding her troop, the dawn seemed ready to give birth to a new inspirational day.  But the longer she waited for Xavier to arrive, the more panicked she became.  He didn’t seem to be coming.  Moonflower briskly stepped up to Selena with Saul in tow, and she seemed anxious to inform her of something. 
“Sel, the world is upside down!”
“What?”
“We are but players in this comedy of errors called life.”
“Moonflower, let’s tone down Shakespeare and tell me what you’re talking about.”
"You know how Xavier left Cherise sitting alone in the cafeteria yesterday?" asked Moonflower, her words rushing out.
"Yes, " Selena stated, wondering where Moonflower was headed.
"Guess where Cherise had dinner last night?"
"Don't tell me she ate at the Montgomery house,” Selena said, panic hitting her throat.
"Yes, and . . ."
"What, Moonflower?  What?" Selena asked, her voice shaky. 
"Maybe I shouldn't say anything."
"Tell me, Moonflower,” Selena pleaded.
"I don't want to hurt you, Selena.  I should keep my big mouth shut."
"You'd better tell me!"
"Tell her," stated Saul.  "She should know."
"Rumor has it that Xavier and Cherise are double dating with Asher and Steve this weekend."



Chapter 30

“That can’t be true!” Selena exclaimed, the sharp beating in her heart thunderous.  
"I hate to tell you this, Selena," declared Saul.  "But Chad told me this himself.  He said his cousin is going out with Cherise."
Selena’s mouth was so dry, it seemed to have lost all its sustaining juices.  “I guess . . . I guess Xavier can do whatever he wants.”  It came out of her mouth like a firecracker wanting to explode. 
"I'm sorry, Selena.  I shouldn't have said anything.  Me and my big mouth."
"Don't worry about it, Moonflower."
“I’m so gi-normously sorry, Sel.”
“I’d rather know than not know,” she murmured.
“Maybe it’s really not true after all,” Saul declared, trying to muster all the optimism he could.  “Maybe Chad was lying.”
If there was a question as to whether the new information was true, it dissipated when Selena arrived at school.  Xavier soon stepped out of Chad's sleek silver Porsche and so did Cherise.  
“Xavier is a monstrous villain,” Moonflower blurted, eyeing him furiously.
“Yeah, what she said,” agreed Saul.
“He’s a freakoid cheater, Sel.  You’re better off without him.”
Saul nodded.  “Yeah, a freakoid.  You’re too good for him, dude.”
“I always knew there was something evil and sinister about him—like he’s Laurent from Twilight.  I always knew it.”
“Me too, my butterfly dudette.”
Normally, Selena would’ve asked them to tone down the Moonflower-speak, but she was too numb to push words out of her mouth.  She just let them go on and on about Xavier as she melted into herself.

A surreal dense fog surrounded Selena through out the day and her skin twitched uncontrollably pinching her.  During lunch, Xavier didn't show up at all, and Cherise sat at the ugly table.  Is that a good sign? Selena wondered.  
Where is he?
“I bet Xavier is hiding in some corner, planning his next evil move,” Moonflower whispered dramatically.
“Yep,” agreed Saul. 
Maybe he had left early, thought Selena.   But he ended up in Science class looking innocent, as if he hadn’t caused her world to shatter.  Selena came close to turning to him and yelling at the top of her lungs,  
HOW COULD YOU BETRAY ME WITH HER?
But she knew she didn't have a right to ask him such a question.  She had been the one to let him go. 
And he has forgotten me.

"Mom, have you seen, Antonio?" asked Selena, worried.  She had walked up to Mrs. Spinoza in the kitchen.
"No, but I thought he had met you at the bus as usual."
"Yes, he did, but I just took his dinner to him, and I can't find him."
"He's got to be somewhere around here.  Is the gate closed?"
"I didn't lock it."
"Selena, you know that Antonio knows how to open it."
"He's never left here without me."
"I'm sure he's not too far.  He can't be without you for long."
Selena anxiously stepped out to look for Antonio.  While feeling fairly sure that he wouldn't run too far, she was frightened that a tragedy might happen like a vehicle running over him.  
"Antonio!" Selena yelled frantically.
As she was about to call out again, she heard Antonio's deep yelps.  She let out a long breath, freeing the choke hold on her throat.  She swiftly turned toward the barking, ready to take Antonio in her waiting arms but froze as soon as she saw who was with him.



Chapter 31

"Hi," Xavier said quietly.
"Hi," answered Selena, her heart thumping so loud she feared Xavier could hear it.
"I thought you'd be looking for him," he said as he patted Antonio on the head.
"How did you find him?"
"He showed up at my house."
"What?"
"My uncle almost called animal control," Xavier said, frowning.
"Why did he go to your house?"
Xavier stared at Selena for a few seconds, his dark eyes anchoring themselves onto hers.  "Maybe he thinks we belong together."
Fury ripped through her as she stepped away from him.  "He doesn't know that you're going out with Cherise this weekend!"
"Who told you that?"
"Your cousin, Chad, has been spreading it around."
"Are you jealous?" he asked.
"No."
"Then why are you all flared up?" he asked, stepping into her space.
"Are you or are you not going out with Cherise this weekend?" Selena asked impatiently, meeting his gaze.
"Of course not,” he answered, irritated.
"Didn't she have dinner with you and your family?"
"She had dinner at the house, but I'm not the one who invited her,” he stated, his stare unwavering.
"Why is Chad saying you're going on a double date with her?"
"I agreed to go to the movies with him and some of his friends.  I guess he invited her too."
"So it’s not a date?"
Xavier shook his head impatiently, his fluid eyes insisted on staying on hers.  "No!" 
"Cherise is very pretty."
"I guess to some people she is,” he snickered.  “Not to me."  
"But--"
"She doesn’t compare to you."
Selena rolled her eyes.  “C’mon, Xavier.”
“What?”
“I know what I look like, and I don’t look at all like Cherise.”
“Be grateful that you don’t,” he said firmly.  “She’s ugly.  You’re beautiful.”
“I’m not sexy like she is.”
Xavier rolled his eyes.  “There’s more than one way to be beautiful.”
“She’s got all the guys crazy for her.”
“So?”
“But—“
“Cherise is ugly.  You’re beautiful,” He repeated with even more firmness and a slight irritation in his voice.  “Please stop fighting with me about this.”
Selena nodded shyly.  “Okay. Thanks for the compliment." 
"I've missed you so much, Selena."
"I’ve missed you too,” she admitted.  “You weren't on the bus this morning."
Xavier stepped nearer to her.  "It's been hard being close to you but not with you, so I made myself ride with my cousin."
Selena nodded.  "You didn't eat in the cafeteria today.”
"I haven't been very hungry lately."
"Me neither."
Xavier's gaze swept inside her like warmth from a fireplace during a blizzard.  "So if you miss me, why are we still apart?" he asked quietly.
Selena looked at him tearfully.  "I've been asking myself that question."
Xavier's arms encircled her and the strength of his robust heart drew her into him.  As their lips lightly but with full intention touched, a painful electical spark erupted.  They jumped away from each other.
“Ow!  Not again!” Selena cried, rubbing her lips.
Xavier chuckled darkly.
“What’s so funny?” asked Selena.
“Don’t you see?”
“See what?”
“Every time we separate and then come together, this happens.  Haven’t you noticed?”
“I don’t understand,” Selena muttered, trying to see sense in what Xavier had said.
“We’re not meant to be apart emotionally.  Don’t you see?”
“But—“
“I’ll show you,” he said, as his lips touched hers again with a warmth and vibrancy that made her forget for that moment all the hurt and questions left unanswered. When he finally managed to tear himself away from her, she looked at him with amazement.
“See—no shock.  I told you,” he declared.
“You’re right,” she murmured.
“As long as we’re together, we don’t electrocute each other.”
Selena’s eyebrows raised.  “I don’t know what to think about all of this.  I don’t know . . .”
“You don’t know about me?” Xavier murmured softly.
"I . . . I . . ." Selena mumbled.
"I know, I know," Xavier said.  "You are still having doubts about me."
“Yes.”
“I don’t blame you,” he mumbled.
"I know so little about you."
"I'll tell you about me, okay?"
"Okay."
"I don't want anything to ever keep us apart."
Antonio barked and pointed his nose towards Selena's home, and she looked at her watch.
"I've been gone for a long time.  I think Antonio is trying to tell me that my parents are probably getting worried."
Xavier nodded.  "When can we talk?" he asked with a slightly demanding tone.
"Tomorrow, after school.  Dad doesn't get home until late."
"I'll talk to him after I've finished talking to you."
They quietly walked towards Selena's home.  The voluptuous sunset with streaks of pink, gold specks, and shades of orange stealthily sunk in the horizon leaving the desert in an in between stage, between light and dark.  Just before arriving at Selena’s home, Xavier bent his head towards her and by the time his warm lips landed on hers, she was anxious with the anticipation.  Deep waves of magnetic energy pulled them close together as they held each other.  Xavier’s strong arms wouldn’t let her tumble to the ground with the intoxicated force that had suddenly hit her.    
“No electroshocks anymore,” he stated, grinning when their lips parted.
“Just sparks,” Selena asserted, out-of-breath and smiling back at him.
"I'll see you tomorrow," he said softly as he reluctantly left her.  She grabbed the fence pole, steadying herself.
Is this what mushy love is all about? she asked to herself as Antonio eyed her while wagging his tale.
Feeling off balance?



Chapter 32

Selena’s heart trembled like colorful jello as she arrived at the bus stop.  Sometimes dreams and reality were hard to separate.  Had last evening really happened? Had Xavier and her actually talked?  How would he react to her today?  Would he even be at the bus stop? 
"Are you okay, Sel?" asked Moonflower, concerned.
"I'm great."
“You don’t have to fake it with me, my shattered, broken-hearted, and betrayed BFF.”
“Yeah, dude, we’re your friends.”
“We know what you must be going through—excruciating pain, agonizing—“
"Look who's taking the bus today," stated Saul, surprised.
Selena turned around to find Xavier walking towards her, and she prayed that her knees wouldn't buckle.  
"Hi," he said to all three of them.
"Hi," Moonflower answered with a surprised expression.
"Hey," growled Saul.
Moonflower’s grinding glare zeroed in on Xavier, shoving her indignant fury as close to his face as she could get it.  
"Good morning," Selena greeted.
Xavier aimed his movie star smile at her.  “Yes, good morning,” he murmured.  Then he walked away, leaving his particular light musk scent dancing in Selena’s nose.  She realized with warmth spreading through her that he was giving her some space.
"Are you talking to him again?" whispered Moonflower, her arms crossed in front of her.  
"Sometimes you have to give people a chance," Selena stated.
“Sel—“
“He’s not going out with Cherise.”
“Are you sure he’s not trapped in her gi-normous man-net?” questioned Moonflower. 
“Are you sure about him, dude?”
Selena nodded.  “He’s a good guy.”
“Maybe that’s what he wants you to believe,” Moonflower rushed dramatically.  “But in reality, he’s dark and sinister like the gruesome monster in a horror movie.”
Selena shook her head.  “Guys, Xavier is not a horror movie character but thank you for worrying about me.”
“He’s such a mystery, Sel, and he’s related to Asher and Chad.  It can’t be good," stated Moonflower.  "What if he completely chews up your mega-beating heart?  I wouldn’t be able to stand seeing you all destroyed and stuff.”
“I’ll be fine, Moonflower.  Just great.  You don’t have to worry.”
Selena tried not counting the minutes until lunch where she hoped she'd see him.  Finally, she impatiently sat with Moonflower and Saul in the cafeteria.  Xavier was nowhere to be found but then the door opened, and a miracle happened.  He stepped in.
"Xavier, do you want to sit with us?" Selena asked as he walked to his favorite corner table, her heart beating so fast that she could hear it.
"Sure," he said, smiling his movie star sparkler.
Moonflower eyed him suspiciously.  “So, how have you been, Xavier?” she asked with a tight voice, one eyebrow up.
“Fine, Moonflower,” he answered as he sat down next to Selena.  “How are you?”
“I saw this very, very old movie the other day called The Blair Witch Project.  Have you seen it?”
“Yes, why?”
“Dude, it’s a freaky movie, right?” Saul asked Xavier.
“I guess so.”
“Strange things exist around us—don’t you think?” Moonflower questioned, her eyes boring into him.
“Moonflower,” Selena interjected, “I’m sure that Xavier down’t want to hear about some weird movie.”
“Sorry, Xavier,” Moonflower murmured, not sounding sorry at all.  “I just want to make sure you don’t crush my friend,” she blurted.
“Moonflower!” chastised Selena.
“It’s okay, Selena.  I’m glad that Moonflower is protective of you.  She’s a good friend.”
Moonflower grinned from ear to ear.  “See, Sel.  I’m being a good friend.”
"A very good friend," expressed Xavier.
The atmosphere at the table relaxed considerably.  While Moonflower and Saul continuously chatted about band uniforms and new movies, Xavier and Selena made their own conversation.
“How’s your day going so far?” he asked her.
“Fine.  What about yours?”
“Great,” he expressed.
They glanced at each other quietly.
“One hundred percent great,” he finished expressing.
By the time last period came around, Selena was having a difficult time hiding her anxiousness for the school day to draw to a close.  She smiled at Xavier, meeting his inviting eyes before sitting down.
"Hi, again," he whispered behind her.
"Hello," Selena answered.
Later, when they finally arrived at Selena’s home, Mrs. Spinoza grinned from ear to ear.  
"Good afternoon, Mrs. Spinoza," Xavier greeted.
"Nice seeing you, Xavier," she said happily.
"I just wanted to come in and tell you I'm home," said Selena.  "We'll be talking outside on the porch."
Xavier and Selena made themselves comfortable on the bench, and she waited patiently for him to start.
"I've never told anyone everything I'm about to tell you, Selena."
“You haven’t?”
“No.”
"Why?"
"I've never trusted anyone,” he stated, his eyes unblinking.
"Not even your family?"
"No."
"You've never had anyone you wanted to talk heart to heart to?"
"No."
"I'm sorry you've been so alone," Selena expressed sadly.
"I'm not alone anymore," he said as he took her hand and caressed it with his fingers.
"No, you're not."
"My family knows bits and pieces, but they don't know everything that's inside of me."
"What's inside of you?"
“You already know that I’m not the average person, right?”
“Right,” Selena said, giving him a warm smile.
“I haven’t had the most normal life.”
“What’s normal anyway?”
“Yeah, what’s normal?” he asked wryly.
“Tell me about yourself, Xavier.”
He sighed.  "Let me start from the beginning, so you get a clear picture.  When my father met my mother, he fell madly in love.”
“A lovestory,” she blurted.
“A difficult one.”
“Why difficult?”
  “My father's family, being jerks, didn't approve of the marriage.  She wasn't rich.  She didn't come from the 'right' type of people."
Selena took in a nervous breath.  "They didn't approve—"
"Hold on, Selena.  Don't start being insecure about my family.  This is one of the reasons I didn't want to tell you."
"But if your family didn't approve of—"
Xavier put his hand firmly on her shoulder.  "I don't care what my family thinks, okay?"
"But—"
"Okay?" he asked with a firmer voice.
"Okay," Selena said, still shaky.  Insecurities bubbled inside her like detergent in a fast washing machine.
"Anyway, my dad refused to give my mother up, and he married her.  I came along a year later.  Then when I was eight, my mother had a car accident . . . she was gone just like that."
"That must've been horrible for you."
"I felt like my mother had abandoned me, and my father was so heart broken that he abandoned me too.  He checked out emotionally."
"So you really were left alone.” She ached with the extreme sadness of him being left in isolation.
"Since then my father has taken me from one country to another trying to get over my mother, but he can't.”
“He must’ve really loved your mother.”
  “No matter how many places he moved us to, she went with us."
"Is that why you used to live in England?" Selena asked gently, not trying to intrude in his privacy but trying to be a true friend.
Xavier nodded disconcertedly.  "Yes, and that's where I got in trouble."
"What do you mean?"
Xavier stared at the deck floor with desolation.  "I did the most terrible thing—you can’t imagine what a horrible person I am.”



Chapter 33

"What happened?” Selena asked quietly.
"In England, you drive on the opposite side of the road from the United States, and here is where I learned to drive a car."
"What happened, Xavier?" Selena asked as gently as possible.
"I was on the wrong side of the road, and I hit a family head on."
"My gosh!"
"They were all badly hurt.  Their two-year-old was in a comma for three months, and the mother barely made it."  He choked as he got the words out.
"What happened to you?" Selena asked, needing to know.
"I was in a coma for a week."
"So you were hurt too."
"It doesn't matter what happened to me.  I almost ended their lives.  I almost left that family without a mother like I was left without mine.”
"Xavier, it was an accident,” Selena stated as strongly as she could.  “It could happen to anyone."
"But it happened to me."
"My Grandmother Chela says that there are tragedies that happen to us human beings that we have to forgive ourselves, so we can move on."
"It's been hard."
"So is that why you live here with your uncle?" Selena asked, still needing to understand the full picture.
"My dad said he didn't want me wandering around the globe with him, getting in trouble, so he dumped me with my uncle,” Xavier answered bitterly.
"I'm sure he didn't mean to 'dump' you.  He probably thought you'd be better off."
"He knows I can't stand this side of the family,” he said, angry and hurt.  “My uncle Blake was the one who treated my mother the worse."
"Maybe your dad felt you needed more stability than what he could offer you."
Xavier nodded.  "Maybe."
"For whatever reason, I'm glad you're here."
Xavier put his arms around Selena, enveloping her in his warmth.  "I'm glad I'm here too."
“You’re very special, Xavier.”
“No, I’m not,” he insisted.
“Yes, you are.”
“Do you really think that?” he asked, perplexed.
“Yes.”
“What else do you think about me? Especially now that I’ve laid my stuff on you?” he questioned.
“I think you’ve had a lot on top of you.  Losing your mother has to be one of the worst things ever,” she said, shivering with the thought of her own mother dying.  “But even with that tragedy inside of you, you’re still caring and kind along with smart and amazing.”
“Weren’t you the one who once called me strange?” he asked, chuckling.
“Let’s get this straight—I still think you’re strange.”
“You do?”
“How can I not?  You’re so totally magnetic.”
“Magnetic?”
“It’s like stuff works weird around you.”  Selena only had to look at her watch to make that statement with such assertion.  It always speeded up when she was with him.  
“Don’t be silly,” Xavier said uncomfortably.
“You’ve got to admit that you’re magnetic.”
“I’m not,” he rushed.
“You are.”
“All of us are electrical, Selena,” he said, annoyed.
‘Not like you.”
“Selena, stop being silly.”
“C’mon, Xavier, admit that you’re special.”
“Let’s drop this conversation, okay?” he asked nervously.
“But—“
“Let’s drop it.”
“I just want to say that you should stop hiding from your magnetic side.  Yesterday night I thought about what you said—you know, about how we are meant to stay together or else we electrocute each other?  Grandmother Chela has always told me that people have different systems moving inside of them, but these systems also move to the outside.  You happen to be very electrical and I think it’s awesome!  You’re awesome!”
Xavier smiled brightly.  “Thanks, Selena.  Thanks a lot, but you’re the one who's awesome.  You really are.”

As Xavier and Selena waited for Mr. Spinoza to arrive home, Selena felt a closeness to him that she only shared with her family.  Now a wall had been torn down but the last obstacle still remained.
 When Mr. Spinoza arrived home, he didn't look too pleased to see Xavier.  His mouth was drawn in a tight line, and his eyes squinted severely.
"I'd like to talk to you, Mr. Spinoza," Xavier said fearlessly.
Mr. Spinoza crossed his arms across his chest.  "What about?"
"I'd like to have your permission to keep seeing your daughter."
"I can't do that.  Your uncle and I go way back and not in a good way."
"Selena has told me about what happened with you and Uncle Blake."
"It's probably hard for you understand what your uncle put me through."
"I understand, Mr. Spinoza,” Xavier stated with a voice more mature than his years.
"What do you understand?" asked an angry Mr. Spinoza.
"My Uncle Blake was very ugly towards my mother.  I only live with him because I have to.  To be honest with you, I don't like him either."
Mr. Spinoza looked surprised.  "You don't?"
"He's mean and arrogant, and he thinks these are good things to be."
"He treated your mother badly?"
Xavier’s dark eyes flashed fire.  "He said my mother wasn't in the right class."
"So you see, Dad, Xavier does understand," stated Selena.
Mr. Spinoza went deep in thought.  "I'm sorry, son.  I still can't let you see my daughter.  His blood still runs in yours."



Chapter 34

"Dad—"
“You can’t see my daughter anymore, Xavier.”
"Artemio, can I see you privately?" Mrs. Spinoza asked angrily with a strong voice that left no room for dissent.
Mr. Spinoza glanced at his wife and winced nervously.  Being in trouble with her was about the worst position to be in.  They stepped towards their bedroom as Mrs. Spinoza led the way by marching swiftly while Mr. Spinoza dragged at a snail’s pace.
"What do you mean you're not letting Xavier see Selena?" asked Mrs. Spinoza as soon as Mr. Spinoza shut the door.
"Belinda, don't be so upset."
"I'll be as upset as I want when it comes to my only daughter."
"She'll meet someone else.  She doesn't need to get stuck on this one,” insisted Mr. Spinoza.
"She happens to care for this one."
"But he's the nephew of my worst nightmare,” declared Mr. Spinoza.
"I thought that my having had cancer had been your worst nightmare."
"Yes, nothing can ever be as bad as almost losing you."
"Then why are you still letting what happened so long ago affect your family?" Mrs. Spinoza asked, frustrated.
"You don't understand."
"I don't understand racism and discrimination?  I don't understand people treating you like trash because of what you look like?  Come on!  Remember me with cancer?" she asked impatiently.
"I can't forgive Blake Montgomery for what he did to me.  That type of humiliation is hard to forget.  He treated me as if I wasn't a human being like him, as if I didn't deserve to be treated with respect.  What kind of person thinks they're above God?"
"I'm not asking you to be Blake Montgomery’s friend.  I'm asking you not to punish his nephew for what happened to you."
"But—"
"Don't 'but' me, Artemio.  I've never been so ashamed of you."
"What do you mean?" Mr. Spinoza asked, hurt.
"You're thinking more about your stupid pride than your daughter."
"I'm not," he mumbled, shame in his voice.
"Yes, you are.  You're putting your own selfishness above your daughter's happiness.  Don't you remember how she took over the family when I had cancer, and you couldn't handle it?  She took care of me, but she took care of you too."
"Yes," he said, lowering his eyes.
"And she never complained.  She was so worried about us that whatever she felt, she swallowed."
"I remember."
"She's smart, she never gets into trouble, and she respects us.  What more can you ask for?"
"I can't ask for more than that."
"Artemio, don't you ever get on your knees and thank God for her?  I do."
"Yes, we couldn't have a better daughter."
"Then why are you doing this to her?  If you tell her she can't see this boy, she's going to obey you and her heart will be broken.  Is that what you want?"
"No, I don't want her to suffer."
"I remember when my parents told me I couldn't see you.  My heart wouldn’t stop hurting."
"So did mine,” he stated.
"Parents get funny ideas in their heads sometimes, like you have right now.  Remember why they didn't want me to see you?"
Anger flashed inside Mr. Spinoza.  "They thought that I only wanted you so you could fix my papers."
"They thought all you wanted was a ticket into the United States."
“They were wrong,” he blurted angrily.
"It took months before we could convince them that you loved me."
"Those months were horrible,” assured Mr. Spinoza, memories struck him like spiked thorns in the desert,
"How much did you miss me, Artemio?"
"I don't like to even think about how bad that was."
"It's hard being apart when you want to be together."
"Your parents were so unreasonable."
"Like you are being now,” stated Mrs. Spinoza.
"But we were older.  Selenita and Xavier are so young.  They shouldn't be getting this stuck with each other at this age."
"Artemio," said Mrs. Spinoza impatiently.  "This is the first time our daughter brings a boy home.  You must never want her to have a boyfriend."
"Boyfriends are trouble.  I should know!  I'm a male."
"We can't keep her to ourselves.  She has to fall in love sometime."
Mr. Spinoza's eyes were shiny.  "I wish she'd never have to leave us, Belinda.  Why can't she live with us forever?"
"She has to make her own life."
Mr. Spinoza sighed.  "Okay, Belinda.  I won't get in the way of Xavier seeing our daughter, but he'd better be good to her."
Mrs. Spinoza nodded.  "I think he'll treat our daughter with love.”
"I wish Selenita never had to get hurt."
"But unfortunately, that's life."
Mr. and Mrs. Spinoza stepped back into the living room where Selena and Xavier sat quietly.  Xavier tapped his finger on the cocktail table and Selena stared outside the window with concern.
"I've decided that I'm not going to hold your uncle against you," Mr. Spinoza told Xavier.
"Thank you, Mr. Spinoza," said Xavier with a relieved smile.
"Thanks, Dad," gushed Selena.
"Don't make me regret this," said Mr. Spinoza, still speaking to Xavier.
"I won't," stated Xavier.
"Now, can I please have my dinner?" Mr. Spinoza asked.
“Yes, you can have it now,” Mrs. Spinoza said, chuckling.

"Do you think Zac is okay?" Selena asked.
She was showing Xavier how to milk a cow.  He had insisted on it, saying he had always wanted to learn.  Eleanor glanced at him with patience and tolerance.  
"Why do you ask?" Xavier questioned.
"He hasn't squealed at you."
"We have an agreement," stated Xavier as he kept trying to squeeze milk out of Eleanor.
"What kind of an agreement?"
"That I'm your boyfriend, and he's like your brother."
Selena laughed.  "He agreed to that?"
Zac gave a tremendous oink.
"I guess that answers that," Selena commented.
But actually she wasn't surprised.  Her troop had accepted Xavier.  In fact, they were surrounding him, watching him with amusement at how he was trying to milk Eleanor.
"This is harder than I thought," said Xavier with traces of frustration in his voice.
Zac squealed as if he was making fun of Xavier.
"That's not nice, Zac," Selena scolded.
"You try this if you think this is so easy," growled Xavier.
Zac immediately stopped his high pitched shrill.
"It's all about the rhythm of your hands and getting the hang of it," Selena explained.
Milk finally started spraying out, and Xavier looked relieved.  The chickens started clucking, and Sor Juana gave a leap.  
"Thanks for cheering me on," stated Xavier.
Eleanor looked at him as if saying, "It's about time."
After Xavier and Selena took the milk bucket to the kitchen, Mr. Spinoza loaned them his truck so they could go out.  Mrs. Spinoza had convinced him to let them borrow it, and he agreed as long as Selena did the driving.  
"You don't have to worry about that, Mr. Spinoza," said Xavier.  "I won't drive your truck."
Inside the king cab, Selena turned to Xavier before turning on the ignition and touched his hand.  "Where do you want to go?"
"Where do you want to go?" Xavier returned.
"What do you want to do?"
"What do you want to do?" he asked.
"Okay, we've got to stop this.  I'm getting a headache."
Xavier chuckled lightly.  "Let's decide together."
"Okay, let's do something we both want to do."
"Yeah."
"I'm hungry.  How about you?" Selena asked.
"I'm hungry too."
"I feel like a hamburger."
Xavier smiled his movie star sparkler.  "That's exactly what I was thinking."
"What if we get a hamburger and sit on Trans Mountain to eat?  How about that?"
"That's a great idea."
"Or would you like to do something else?" Selena asked.
"No, let's stay with your plan.  I'd like to sit with you on top of the world."
After getting two hamburger combos at the Dairy Queen, Xavier and Selena piled back into the truck.  She turned the ignition with an overwhelming expectation of their anticipated time together, but the vehicle refused to start.  After a few attempts at turning the key, she looked at it with frustration.  
“I’ll call my dad,” Selena said, disappointed.
“Don’t call him yet,” stated Xavier.
“Maybe the truck will start miraculously,” Selena expressed.  “After all, you’re here.”
“What?”
“Maybe your magnetism will fix the truck.”
“Selena, I’m not a magician,” Xavier said, frowning.
“But you are very electrical.”
“Stop that,” he insisted as he stepped out of the truck.  “I’ll look under the hood.”
“You know about cars?” Selena asked as she followed him and wondered if even though he didn’t drive, he might be a closet mechanic.
“Not very much but I think it’s the battery,” Xavier affirmed.
“If it’s the battery, maybe we can get someone to give us current.  My dad always keeps jumper cables in the toolbox in the back.”
Xavier took a rock and started lightly pounding the + and – spots on the battery.
“Try the key again, Selena.”
She stepped back into the truck and turned the ignition.  This time it started quickly and without any problems.  
“How’d you do that,” Selena asked, baffled.
“Sometimes the wiring is off,” he stated.
“But dad just replaced the wiring to the battery a few days ago.”
Xavier shrugged his shoulders.  “Mechanical stuff.”
“Yes, I know,” Selena stated, eyeing him.  “Mechanical stuff goes wrong.”
“Exactly.”
“You’re magnetic.  Admit it.”
“We’re all electrical,” he stated softly, not being able to look at Selena in the eye.  “Remember our Science project?”
“But you’re more electrical than the average person.”
“Stop,” he said, annoyed.  
“Admit it, Xavier.”
“But—“
“Let’s stop going around the truth,” implored Selena, her tone light but serious.
He breathed out a long breath and stared intently at her for a few long seconds.  “Okay, I admit it,” he murmured quietly.
Selena ginned wide and nodded.  “I’m glad you’re admitting it.”
"You’re right about stuff sometimes working weird around me," he mentioned uncomfortably.  "It’s always been like that.”
“You’re very electrical and your system is probably even more magnetic here where there’s so much energy from different countries, states, and places.”
“I’ve got to admit that this thing has been worse since I got here.”
Selena nodded.  “I knew it.”
“Anyway, I don’t want to talk about it anymore.  Our food is getting cold,” he blurted.  “Let’s go.”
Xavier and Selena traveled on Trans Mountain Road which extended itself between the Franklin Mountains until they got to the place, on top of the world, that they wanted to be and sat at a picnic table.  They could see Gran Estrella, El Paso, and other surrounding areas from it.  The air had a certain crispness to it and a stillness that made them peaceful inside.  They ate in silence for a few minutes.
"My mother loved the quiet life," Xavier said, breaking the silence and letting out a deep breath as he looked at the serene scenery in front of him.
"She did?"
"My father, on the other hand, loves partying—the louder the better," Xavier said as he took a swig of his Coke.
"He does?"
"You have no idea.  One minute he'd be in Las Vegas and another in Paris.  He changed after he met my mother.  He'd say that she was all the excitement he needed."
"That was a nice thing to say,” Selena stated.
"He really loved her."
"Going against the family must've been hard for him."
"He said it would've been harder to give up mom."
"He chose your mom over everything,” Selena murmured.
"After she died, he never could go back to the quiet life again."
"He went back to his old life?"
"Yes, but I don't think he went back to it because he liked it.” Xavier seemed very far away.  “He went back to it because he didn't want to stay still long enough to feel the full impact of living without my mom."
"Your poor father."
"And I didn't help either,” Xavier said with a strained voice.
"Why do you say that?"
"I'm so much like mom—personality-wise.  I like the quiet like she did.  It was hard for him to have me around."
Selena put her hand on Xavier’s arm wanting him to know that she was fully with him.  "Xavier, it's not your fault that your mom died and that your father couldn't handle it."
"Maybe if I wasn't so much like her, he would be closer to me."  His liquid eyes left Selena and focused straight ahead.  
"Xavier, your dad's wrong if he doesn't see how lucky he is to have you.” Selena wanted so badly to pull all the sadness away from him.
“Selena, I have to tell you something,” he announced, his voice shaky like a tree branch in the wind.
“What is it?”
“I can’t keep carrying this massive load without telling you.”
“You can tell me anything.”
“I killed my mother.”



Chapter 35

“You what?” Selena blurted, trying to come to grips with what he had said.
“I killed her, Selena,” he asserted, his voice broken to tiny bits.
Disbelief and surprise covered her face.  “That can’t be true . . . I thought she died in a car accident.”
"I was in the car with her when she had the accident," Xavier explained, his voice tight.
"You were?"
"It was on a winding road in Monaco--close to where Princess Grace died.  Mom lost control of the car because I asked her something, and she wasn't watching the road.” His dark eyes reached hers again, becoming moist.  “I've never told this to anyone.  Even my dad doesn't know."
"Xavier, you were eight-years-old.  The accident was not your fault."
"There were so many times that I wished I had died instead of her."
"Don't say that,” Selena demanded, upset.  How could he say something like that?  Thinking about him dying squeezed her heart into a tiny deformed organ.
"I think my dad wishes I had died instead of her too."
"Stop that,” Selena pleaded.  “I’m sure that’s not true."
"Selena, do you think I'll ever see my mom again?" he asked, his sad eyes showing a small flicker of hope.
"Yes, Xavier, I believe in heaven, and I believe we get to see our loved ones again."
Xavier nodded in deep thought.  "That would be great."
"And I also think she's not far from you.  I think she watches over you."
"Sometimes I can feel her close.  I can even smell her scent.  She used to always wear flowery perfumes."
"I like that scent too."
"She used to always say, 'Xavier, you're the best of me’."
"She did?" Selena asked, happy to see a glimmer in his dark eyes.
"Isn't that a great thing for a mother to say?"
"Completely awesome.”
"She was a great mother, Selena.  Like your mother is."
"I wish I would've met her."
"I wish she could've met you too.  She would've liked you."
Selena smiled.  "I hope so."
"She was considerate and smart like you.  She used to always tell me to look deep into people because inside was where everything was."
"Your mother was wise." 
He nodded and stared ahead.  He had gone inside himself and needed some space, so Selena didn't say a single word.  She knew how difficult it was for him to talk about himself and to talk about his mother, so she gave him the solitude he needed.  After all, Selena wasn’t one of those people who needed to fill the quiet like Moonflower who chatted non-stop whenever there was a lull in the conversation.
"I love this place," said Xavier, after a prolonged silence.
“You do?” Selena asked, ecstatic to hear his voice again.
“The desert is so unique.  I love the yucca plants, the painted colors in the sky, the feeling of wide open spaces.”
“Me too.”
“There’s so much beauty in this world.”
“You’ve been to so many places, haven’t you?” Selena asked, wanting to see the world through his eyes.
Xavier nodded.  "Many places."
“How exciting.”
Xavier smiled warmly.  “What’s out there isn’t as great as what’s here.”
“Here with us?”
“Yes.”
“Are you sure?”
“Positive.”
Selena squeezed his hand and nodded.  “You’re right.”
“The world doesn’t have anything better than this.”
She smiled.  "Still, I wish I could travel all over the planet," Selena said wistfully.
"I'll tell you about where I've gone, so it'll seem like you went with me."
Selena grinned.  "Great."
"My world will become your world.”

Destiny.
Sometimes Selena wondered about the dream she had around the time she met Xavier.  Maybe he was her destination.
Destiny.
She had ridiculed the word but she was no longer so sure it was empty and meaningless now that she had stopped running from it.  Xavier seemed meant for her even when certain occurrences between them made her want to combust into an open flame.  Destiny wasn’t perfect, nor was Xavier, and nor was she for that matter.  And those sickly yellow eyes, she reasoned, must represent certain ugly people around them.
"What's wrong?" Xavier asked as they were walking to her home from the bus.  "You've been giving me the silent treatment since last period."
"I know it’s not your fault, but it still annoys me."
"What does?" he asked, completely in the dark about the situation.
"Those girls after you."
"What are you talking about?"
"Miss 'hot' Cheerleader."
"I repeat, what are you talking about?"
"Do I have to spell it out to you?" Selena was practically growling.
"Apparently you do because I don't know what you're talking about."
Selena let out an exasperated sound.  "Who was flirting with you at the lockers before last period?"
Xavier grew pensive.  "I don't know who--"
"Hot Cherise," Selena said flustered.
"Hot?" he declared as if he had a bad taste in his mouth.  "She's hot?"Selena rolled her eyes.  "Come on, Xavier.  You don't have to fake it for my sake.  I know all the guys are in love with her."
Xavier's disgust locked in his throat.  "You think I'm in love with her?"
"No, of course not."
Xavier's throat eased.  "I could never love someone like that," he snapped.  
"But just because you're not in love with her doesn't mean you can't be attracted to her."
Xavier's anger and frustration exploded.  "You've got to be kidding, Selena.  Haven't I already told you that to me she's not attractive at all.  At all.  Are you calling me a liar?"
"No, I'm not calling you a liar but . . ."
"But what?"
"She was all over you at your locker."
"Selena, I couldn't even remember it.  That's how much attention I pay to her."
"You don't think she's beautiful at all?"
"She's an ugly, ugly person."
"But on the outside she's—"
"Still hideously ugly."
"She models for some department stores."
"And?" he snickered.
"And isn't that what is supposed to be beautiful?"
"Says who?"
Selena grew pensive.  "Society . . . the fashion industry . . . the media and—“
"What do you think is beautiful, Selena?"
"My mother."
"Your mother is beautiful and not just because she looks like Salma Hayek.  She's almost as beautiful as you are."
"Xavier, thanks for the compliment, but. . ."
"Take the compliment, Selena,” he commanded with annoyance.  “I meant it with all of my heart."
Selena smiled at how his eyes looked at her without wavering.  "I'm usually okay with myself.  This is the kind of conversation I usually have with Moonflower because she's so insecure but having seen Cherise all over you today did something to me."
"Don't let her come between us.  I know that you think that because some guys think she’s pretty, I would feel the same way as they do.  Her ugliness on the inside shows on the outside, and I can't see what they see in her."
"Xavier, she was pointing her chest at you, trying to seduce you.  It didn't do anything to you?" she demanded, needing an honest answer from him.
"No.  I already told you several times that she does nothing for me."
"Don't you want to get it on with her?"
Xavier let out an exasperated groan.  "Selena, what is it that you're not understanding about how I feel about Cherise and how I feel about you?" 
"Sit down with me for a minute," Selena said, pointing at her bench.  They had just arrived at her porch.  "We've got to talk about something."
"All right," Xavier said as he sat down.
"Let's just get a something straight, okay?"
"What do you want to tell me?" he asked, patiently.
"Xavier, listen carefully—I will never be skinny.  If you have any fantasies about helping me 'improve' myself, you'd better knock that stuff out of your head.  This is who I am.  Take it or leave it."
"I'd never want to change you," he murmured.
 “Okay,” Selena said.
“I need to tell you something too,” he muttered quietly and uncomfortably.
Uh-oh, thought Selena.  He sounded very serious.



Chapter 36

“What is it?” Selena questioned.
“You accept me for who I am, don’t you?” he asked, shooting his solemn eyes into hers.
“Of course,” she stated, not knowing where the conversation was headed.
“Okay.”  He nodded in pensive thought.
“What’s wrong, Xavier?”
“You’re okay with me not being an average person, right?”
“Does this have something to do with your magnetism?”
“Please, Selena, don’t ask me anything else.”
“Xavier,” she said, annoyed.  “I don’t know why you’re making such a big deal about this.  I thought we had already put it to rest.  So you’re more magnetic than most people—so what?”
“I can’t talk about it now.”
“But—“
“Please, Selena.”
She let out an exasperated sigh.  “Fine.”
“Do you trust me?” he asked solemnly.
“Yes.”
“Then wait until I’m ready to talk about it.  Would you do that for me?”
“Yes, Xavier, I’ll do that for you.”

When Selena had left for school that morning, she knew her mom was up to something.  She kept trying to get Mrs. Spinoza to tell her what was going on, but her mom would smile slyly and shake her head.  Something is definitely up,  Selena thought.  It wasn't her birthday so it couldn't have anything to do with that.  As soon as Xavier walked her home and set out for his own house, she stepped into her front door and confronted her mother.
"Okay, Mom.  I know something is going on.  What is it?"
Mrs. Spinoza smiled as the spare bedroom door opened and out came Grandmother Chela.  Her tainted brown hair was coiffed in an attractive shoulder length hairstyle, and she wore a light green pantsuit.  Grandmother Chela looked at least twenty years younger than her seventy-seven years and moved with the alacrity of someone half her age.
"Aren’t you going to give your old grandmother a hug?" Grandmother Chela asked
Selena, stunned by the surprise, rushed to her and flung her arms around her.  "When did you get here, Grandmother Chela?"
"A few minutes ago."
"Why didn't anyone tell me you were coming?"
"It was a surprise,” Grandmother Chela stated.
"How long are you here for?"
"Only for a week, my muchachita.  I'm going to visit your cousins in California next.  I wanted to see how my grandchildren were doing," she said lightly, her eyes firmly on Selena.
While Selena helped her grandmother unpack, Mrs. Spinoza stayed away.  Mrs. Spinoza knew the special bond between granddaughter and grandmother and she left them to their special talks.  The trip from the outskirts of Chihuahua City had been uneventful, according to Grandmother Chela, but she promptly caught Selena up with all the family in Mexico and California also.  When Grandmother Chela handed her a bag full of her famous homemade sweet jamonsillo candy, Selena started in on it immediately, not caring that in a short while she’d be having dinner.
"I made it especially for you, my muchachita," said Grandmother Chela.
When Grandmother Chela visited, it was like Christmas.  She brought with her pieces of Mexico that were hard to find even on the border.  After all, who could make all that her grandmother made with such precision and expertise?  Not many.  Grandmother Chela brought asadero cheese, Mexican candies and her special salsas created with the special freshness of what was grown naturally on her lands.  She also brought large bags of pecans and chile colorado.
"How have you been, Selenita?" she asked, gently probing for answers as she put the last garment of clothing in the closet.
"I'm doing fine."
"I hear you have a boyfriend," she announced, concern in her voice.
"Who told you?" Selena had kept it from her.  She hadn’t wanted to disappoint her grandmother who had told her to stay away from Xavier.
"Your dad mentioned it to me, but I would've known anyway,” she murmured solemnly.
Grandmother Chela had a unique ability to feel what was going on in her family's lives.  There were times the family wanted to keep certain things from her in order not to worry her, but she always knew.  And her ability didn't stop at her flesh and blood.  It extended to the people she cared about like to Mrs. Spinoza.  Even if Mr. Spinoza was her son by blood, she felt Mrs. Spinoza was her daughter by spirit and knew about the cancer before she was told.  In fact, it had been Grandmother Chela who had insisted Selena’s mom go to the doctor before anyone even suspected about the disease growing destructively inside.
"But I feel fine," Mrs. Spinoza had said.  "Why do I need to get another check up?  I just had one a few months ago."
"Go to the doctor, Belinda.  I'm going to call you again and again until you do."
It was early detection that had helped to save Mrs. Spinoza.  Grandmother Chela, hands down, was one of the greatest people Selena had ever known or read about.  Her grandmother had survived the death of her husband at a very young age—both had only been in their forties, and she had farmed the land herself with her kids.  Mr. Spinoza was the youngest of ten kids and some lived in Mexico while others in Los Angeles. Being the only one living on the border, Mr. Spinoza tried to do as much as he could for his mother.
"Are you going to tell me about your young man?" asked Grandmother Chela with authority in her voice.
"His name is . . . "
“Don’t worry, Selenita.  Your dad already told me you were dating a boy named Xavier.”
Selena nodded.
“Is he the boy you were talking tome about a while back?—the strange boy?”
“I’m sorry, Grandmother Chela,” Selena implored.  “I know you told me I should stay away from him, but I just couldn’t.”
“You couldn’t?”
Selena shook her head. “I tried but . . . but we couldn’t stay away from each other . . . and I’m not the mushy, lovestruck type—you know I’m not but . . . but we couldn’t stay away from one another—really, we couldn’t.”
“Selenita—“
“We needed to be together—I can’t explain it.  And he really is a great guy.  I know you’ll see it too when you meet him.  He’s special.  He really is . . . You’ll see.”
“I’m sure I will,” she murmured, her face scrunched in deep, naked concern.
“I hope you’re not disappointed in me, Grandmother Chela.”
“You can never stop being my pride and joy, my muchachita.”
“I love you too, grandmother,” Selena expressed, relieved.
"What kind of a person is he?"
"He's so awesome, Grandmother Chela.  He says the most amazing things."
"He does?"
"He's been through a lot."
"Tell me about it, my muchachita."
Selena spent the next hour explaining about Xavier and Grandmother Chela listened very carefully, not interrupting at all.  Selena could see her grandmother's heart opening when she told her about Xavier's mother.
"He seems like a good boy," Grandmother Chela said once Selena had finished.
"Dad still has some problems with him being the nephew of Blake Montgomery.  He doesn't say anything, but I can tell it still bothers him."
"Don't worry about your dad, Selenita.  I raised him to get over himself."
"So you think he'll accept Xavier someday?"
"Your dad may be fighting with his own demons, but he's not blind."

"My Grandmother Chela is here!" exclaimed Selena over the phone.
"You didn't tell me your grandmother was visiting," said Xavier.
"My mom surprised me when I got home from school."
"I'm so happy for you, Selena.  I know you miss her."
"Xavier, I'm afraid I won't be able to spend as much time with you this week."
"Why not?" he asked, disappointed.
"Grandmother Chela will only be here for the week."
"So?" he asked, puzzled.
"She's seventy-seven years old.  I don't know how much longer I'll be lucky enough to have her, and I want to spend as much time as I can with her."
"I'm not invited to meet your grandmother?"
"Yes, of course I want you to meet her, but I'm sure you have better things to do than hang out with my grandmother and me."
"Selena, I've been wanting to meet your grandmother ever since you started talking about her.  I would also love to spend time with the both of you."
"Really?"
"Yes, really."
"I guess I never thought you'd want to hang out with us."
"Sometimes I like to think that your family is my family," Xavier said quietly.
"Really?"
"Yes, really.
Chapter 37



On the bus from school, Xavier seemed jittery.  Selena asked him if everything was okay.  Xavier nodded his head and changed the subject.  While walking her home, he stayed silent.  The car alarm from the red Chevy at the house next to Selena’s home blared when Selena and Xavier went past it.  Selena winced painfully as she remembered the last time that had happened.  Luckily, the owner of the vehicle rushed outside to check on it and to turn off the annoying noise.  
"Please tell me what's wrong," Selena told Xavier.
"I'm nervous about meeting your grandmother."
"But you weren't nervous about meeting my parents."
"I was but I faked it."
"You faked it?" Selena asked, surprised and baffled.
"You thought that I’d be a Neanderthal, remember?"
"What do my silly ideas have to do with you being nervous to meet them?"
"I didn't want to make you any more nervous than you were about me meeting them."
"Let me get this straight.  You were nervous about meeting my parents, but you were also nervous that I was nervous, so you made believe you weren't nervous.  Is that it?"
"That sounds right."
Selena chuckled heartedly.  "Xavier, I practically need a psychiatry degree to keep up with us."
"Stop laughing," Xavier said, irritated, his solemn eyes sweeping over her.  "I'm really nervous about meeting your grandmother."
"I thought you told me yesterday that you were anxious to meet her."
"I was . . . I am. . . but what if she doesn't like me."
"Since when do you care what anybody thinks of you?" Selena asked with curiosity.  From day one of meeting him he had carried himself and acted as if the world had to be on his terms instead of the other way around.
"Your grandmother isn't an anybody."
"True, she is the most remarkable of persons."
"That’s exactly my point."
"Xavier, you're worrying for nothing."
"It's easy for you to say.  She likes you—you're her granddaughter."
"And you're the extraordinary Xavier Jones.  Don't forget that."
"You give me too much credit,” he stated, frowning.
"I don't give you enough."  
"I met Oprah Winfrey last year, and I wasn't as nervous as I am now."
"You are more nervous about meeting my grandmother than you were about meeting Oprah Winfrey?"
"I wasn't really trying to impress her,” he stated, his eyes fully on her.  “I'm trying to impress your grandmother so that she gives us her blessing."
"It's important for you that we have her blessing?" Selena asked.
"It's important to me because it's important to you."
A wave of warmth spread through her.  "Don't worry!"  
They stepped in the front door, and Grandmother Chela sat on the blue recliner next to Zac watching Green Acres.  Mrs. Spinoza was in the loveseat and laughing at the screen.
"Zac has both of you watching Green Acres?" Selena asked, amused.
"They don't make them like that anymore,” said Mrs. Spinoza.
"Grandmother, this is Xavier."
Xavier stepped over to her and shook her hand as her discerning eyes surveyed him solemnly and intently.
"Buenas tardes," he said in Castilian Spanish.  "Como esta?"
"You speak Spanish!" exclaimed both Selena and Mrs. Spinoza.
"I lived with my dad in Spain for a while," Xavier said, embarrassed.  "I hope my pronunciation isn't too bad.  It's been a while since I've spoken Spanish."
"You sounded great," Selena said.  "Why didn't you tell me?"
"I guess it never came up," Xavier responded.  
Grandmother Chela smiled with amusement, her eyes still intently on him.  "I speak English, Xavier."
"You do?"
"Grandmother Chela studies and reads a lot," Selena asserted.
"I try my best," said her grandmother.
"Grandmother Chela used to work in the United States as a maid before she married my grandfather," Selena informed him.
"In fact, I used to work next door to your grandparents," Grandmother Chela stated.
“Isn’t that a coincidence?” gushed Mrs. Spinoza, surprised.  
“Yes, a coincidence,” Grandmother Chela said wryly.
“But you don’t believe in coincidences, Grandmother.”
“No, I don’t,” she stated, sighing.  “Life sometimes comes together in strange ways.”
“So you worked next door to my grandparents?” Xavier questioned, amazement and concern in is voice.
“Yes.”
"I'm sorry," Xavier said nervously.
"You're sorry? —for what?" asked Grandmother Chela.
"For my grandparents.  They weren't very nice people.  They're gone now but when they were alive, they thought they owned the world."
Grandmother Chela smiled at him.  "Your grandmother was nice.  It was your step-grandfather that wasn't."
"Really?  I don't remember that much about my grandmother since she died when I was very young, but my uncle says his mother was the socialite of Texas."
"Your grandmother was a very gregarious and friendly lady."
"My father doesn't talk much about her."
"I'm guessing that that's because she was an alcoholic.  I don't think she had a very happy life with your step-grandfather.  Her true love was your grandfather, but he died.  Your step-grandfather was a prideful man who only cared about his importance in his world." 
"Like my uncle,” Xavier stated.
"Some people think they need to twist this world into what they want instead of making their way through it."
Xavier nodded.  "That sounds like my uncle Blake."
Zac started grunting loudly.  Green Acres had finished.
"What's wrong with Zac?" asked Xavier.
"We haven't said hello to him," Selena stated.  "Hi, my Zac."
Zac oinked happily at her.
"Hi, Zac," said Xavier.
Zac squealed at him.
"Your pig is funny," stated Grandmother Chela.
"He has some problems with Xavier," Selena said.
"He's just a little jealous," offered Mrs. Spinoza, smiling.
"I'm glad he's not a bull," commented Grandmother Chela, eyeing Xavier.

Xavier arrived at Selena’s house with a smile.  He, Selena, and Grandmother Chela headed for Old Mesilla which was a little town in New Mexico a short distance from Gran Estrella.  Being a Sunday afternoon, Old Mesilla bristled with the energy of joyous people.  Grandmother Chela, Selena, and Xavier searched through the shops full of indigenous objects and tasty snacks.  Then they sat in the middle of the plazita—a park as much for adults as for children with benches and room for entertainment.  A female Mariachi band played while a ballet folklorico danced.  
"Wasn't that the best?" asked Selena as soon as the entertainment ended.
"Yes, it was great," Grandmother Chela agreed.
"I'll go get you something to drink, Grandmother."
"I’d appreciate it," said Grandmother Chela.
"I'll go get it," offered Xavier.  "There's a long line at the stand."
"No, I'll get it.  Stay with my grandmother, please."
Grandmother Chela smiled.  She knew her granddaughter very well.  Selena was trying to get them to bond, but she shouldn't have worried.  Grandmother Chela liked Xavier a great deal.  It wasn't hard to see the kind of person he was.
"I know that I shouldn't have a favorite grandchild, but Selena is mine," said Grandmother Chela as soon as Selena left.
"How many grandchildren do you have?"
"Twenty."
"Twenty?"
"Yes, twenty.  And they are all special but none of them is Selena."
"No one is Selena," said Xavier with pride.
“You really care about her, don’t you?”
Xavier nodded emphatically.  “I haven’t had that many people I’ve been close to in my life.”
"Your mother died when you were very young, didn't she?" asked Grandmother Chela.
"Yes."
"Mine did too."
"How did she die?" Xavier asked gently.
"She died when my little brother was born."
"At childbirth?"
"Yes, and my brother had a hard time getting over it.  The day he was born was the day his mother died."
"But it wasn't his fault."
"We finally made him realize that," Grandmother Chela said, eyeing Xavier.
"I guess Selena told you how my mom died."
"Yes, she did."
"Maybe someday I'll be like your brother and not feel responsible."
"Don't wait until the someday, Xavier.  Free yourself from that heavy burden you carry."
“I’m not sure I can.”
“Of course you can,” she stated simply.
“But—“
“Believe that you can.”
Xavier nodded.  "You're right.  I need to get my head straight "
"Selena worries about you."
"She shouldn't."
"It's her nature.  I bet she hasn't told you about what happend with her mother."
"What happened with Mrs. Spinoza?"
"She had cancer."
"Cancer?!"
Grandmother Chela nodded.  "My grandchild stayed strong for both of her parents.  She took care of her mother through chemotherapy and tears and kept her father's spirits up."
"Why hasn't she told me about that?"
"Because of your pain about your mother.  She got her mother back while you lost yours."
"Selena has such a big heart."
"You do understand about my granddaughter, don't you?"
Xavier nodded.  "I understand everything."
Grandmother Chela stared into him.  “But the question is, does she understand everything about you?”
“Excuse me?” Xavier asked, bewildered.
“She doesn’t know everything about you, does she?”
“What do you mean?” Xavier asked, nervously.
“You know what I mean.”  Her voice was firm and sure of itself.
“I don’t know—“
“You know what I mean,” she repeated, her voice firmer than before.
“I . . I—“
“Xavier, let’s stop these games.”
“How do you—”
“It doesn’t matter how I know.  You do, however, have to tell her.”



Chapter 38

Xavier’s deep eyes stared at Grandmother Chela with complete bewilderment and total disbelief.  She calmly eyed him back as he tried to dissect her.
“You can’t possibly know,” he declared.  “No way.”
“I do.”
“But—“
“I know everything.”
“Nobody knows,” he insisted.  
"I know.  I have certain abilities too.”
"Abilities?"
"Discerning abilities."
“But—“
“I tried to keep you and Selena apart,” she explained wistfully.
“You did?” he asked, surprised.  “Why?”
“Do you really have to ask me why?”
His eyes shifted sadly to the ground.  “I know I’m different but—“
“I tried to keep you apart, but I should’ve known better.  When two people are meant for each other . . . ”
“What’s wrong with us being together?” he asked defensively.
"My granddaughter has no chance of a normal life with you."
“But—“
"I've been different all my life.  I wanted to spare my granddaughter the pain of never fitting in."
"I understand," he murmured softly.
“You have to tell her, Xavier,” Grandmother Chela insisted.
He stared at his hands for a few seconds.  “She already knows about my magnetic side,” he mumbled.
“She needs to know everything.  You have to tell her,” Grandmother Chela repeated.
“I will,” he said, clearing his throat nervously.  “When the time is right.”
“No, the time is now.”
“But—“
“Now.”
“What difference does it make if I tell her now or in the future?” he asked, bewildered.
“The time is now, Xavier.  Trust me on this one.  It has to be now.”
“But—“
“I’m visiting family in California for a few weeks and I’ll be coming through here on my way home.  By the time I see you again you would’ve told her, right?”
“But—“
“Right.”  Her voice didn’t leave room for argument.
“Yes.”  And he knew he had to keep his promise to her.

Moonflower complained profusely that she had hardly seen Selena for the week Grandmother Chela had been there.  She insisted that Selena and Xavier double date with her and Saul during the weekend.  They would be having dinner at The Farmhouse Restaurant where Moonflower’s favorite, short ribs, were served.
Selena agreed, hoping that a night with friends would put Xavier in better spirits since he had been jittery as of late.  When she asked him about it, he insisted it was nothing.  
Moonflower loudly smacked her lips as soon as they arrived at the restaurant.  "My stomach is growling mega loud.  I hope no one can hear it," she announced.
Xavier held Selena’s hand as he laughed lightly at Moonflower's hungry faces.  Selena could feel the tingly warmth beneath his skin.
“We’ll feed you soon, my butterly dudette,” Saul stated.
“Okay, you’d better.”
“Your wish is my command.”
Moonflower nodded happily.  "Speaking about food, did you hear about Asher Montgomery?" she asked.  Then she turned beet red as she glanced at Xavier.  "Sorry, I forgot she's your cousin.  I guess you know about it."
"I don't pay much attention to my cousins."
"She'll be modeling with Cherise.  She just got in the same modeling agency in town!" exclaimed Moonflower.
"Really," said Xavier, obviously bored.
"She has to lose fifteen pounds, though.  She's so skinny, and she still needs to lose weight, can you believe it?"
"Isn't she like a size four?" Selena asked.
"She says she needs to be like a size zero."
"Can we change the subject?" interjected Saul.  "I really don't care about Asher Montgomery.  Sorry, dude,” he told Xavier.
"Don't apologize, Saul.  I don't want to hear about her either, and she's my cousin." 
The waiter brought the food, and Moonflower dug in.  Barbeque sauce dripped from her fork onto the tablecloth.
"Sorry about being such a real piggy," Moonflower stated, chuckling.
"Don't tell Zac that, or he'll fall in love with you," declared Xavier.
Moonflower smiled.  “That reminds me.  How’s Zac, Sel?  I haven’t seen him in a while.  I actually miss him.”
“He’s as spoiled as ever,” declared Selena.
“Zac is something else,” Moonflower gushed dramatically.  “He’s as unique as a Shakespearean sonnet, as—“
“Let’s not exaggerate, my butterfly dudette.”
“Yeah, I guess I was laying it on a little thick.”
“Just a little bit,” chuckled Saul, giving Moonflower a peck on the cheek.
“Does he still give you a hard time, Xavier?”
He seemed unaware that anyone was talking to him as his invisible mask over his face stayed in place.  His dark eyes stared into an empty space. 
“Xavier?” Selena said with concern.
His intense eyes shot to her.  “Huh?”
“Moonflower was asking you a question.”
“Yeah, dude, where are you tonight?  You seem real out of it.”
“It’s nothing.”
“But—“
“Nothing,” he insisted with finality, and they left it at that.  Selena, Moonflower, and Saul knew better than to try to pull Xavier out of himself when he wanted to stay where he was at.  The three continued their conversations without him, but an awkwardness permeated at the table.
“Xavier,” Selena finally uttered, very worried.  “You’ve hardly touched your food.”
“I’m not really hungry.”
“Dude, the steak is awesome.”
“Are you feeling okay? Do you feel like yourself?” Moonflower questioned dramatically.  “Maybe something weird is happening to you."
"No, I'm sure nothing weird is happening to me."
Moonflower continued her drama.  "I saw a movie last week where germs were eating a man's brain, and he didn't even know it."
"I'm pretty sure that nothing is eating my brain," insisted Xavier.
"But the point is that you wouldn't know it if it was happening," Moonflower asserted.
"I'm fine.  I'm just not hungry right now.  I’m taking the steak home,” Xavier explained lightly.  “I’m sure I’ll get hungry later.”
“Are you sure you’re not sick?” Selena asked, her voice dripping with concern.
Moonflower slapped the palm of her hand on her head.  “Oh my gosh!  You may have malaria or even elephantitis!”
“Elephantitis?” Xavier questioned, puzzled.
Selena shook her head and rolled her eyes.  “Don’t ask—she’s got a thing for elephants.”
“If you were as fat as an elephant,” Moonflower retorted, “you’d have a thing for them too.”
“Moonflower, you’re not fat,” stated Selena.
“But—“
“Selena’s right,” Xavier asserted.
Moonflower vehemently shook her head.  “You’re wrong.”
“My buttertly dudette, you are the most beautiful girl on the planet.  You are not an elephant.  You are like a waterfall butterfly.”
A waterfall butterfly? Selena wondered.  What is that?—but it’s better than Moonflower calling herself an elephant.
“Thank you, my knight in shining armor,” she gushed ecstatically.  
While Moonflower and Saul made adoring, sacharine eyes at each other and whispered sweet nothings into each other’s ears, Selena turned her full attention to Xavier whose eyes were still closed off.  “So are you sick?”
“Sick with elephantitis?” he asked lightly, trying to put some tease in his somber voice.  
Selena ignored his try at humor.  “Did you catch a bug of some kind?”
“I’m okay, Selena.”
“Are you?”
“Yes.”
Throughout the rest of the evening, he stayed quiet.  
“What’s wrong with Xavier?” Moonflower asked when she and Selena had gone to the restroom and were washing their hands at the lavatory.  Even she, who chatted non-stop and sometimes had little understanding of the world around her, noticed there was something very wrong with Xavier.  
“I don’t know,” Selena said, worried.  Having her mention it made the reality of it somehow even more real.
“Well, something’s going on.”
"I know."
“He’s acting all mysterious like Edward at the beginning of New Moon.  You know—when he disappears—“ she stated, suddenly cutting herself off when she realized what she had said.  “Sorry!  I didn’t mean to say—“
“That’s okay, Moonflower.”  Concern took over Selena’s heart.  Is he trying to tell me he’s breaking up with me?



Chapter 39

Xavier quietly arrived at Selena’s home to do homework.  She solemnly eyed him as she waited for the other shoe to fall, waited for what, judging by his mood still, was inevitable.  He quietly opened his backpack and then started frantically looking in it.
"You forgot one of your books?" asked Selena.
"Actually, I forgot . . ." he said absentmindedly.
"What did you forget?"
"A surprise for you."
“A surprise?”
“It’s a little something.  I hope you like it.”
"What did you get me?” she asked, not knowing what to make of his surprise.  Why had he gotten it for her?  Could it be a going away present?
"I'm going to have to go home to get it," he declared.  "I'll be right back."
He moved towards the door but when he started to open it, he turned back around.
"Why don't you come with me?"  Xavier asked, his face full of expectation.
"To your house?" asked a surprised Selena.
"Yes, to my house."
"You never invite me to your house."
"I'm inviting you now,” he stated, his full gaze on her.
"But . . . but your family.  To be honest, I don't want to meet up with them.  It's way enough that I have to put up with Asher and Chad at school."
"My family isn't home.  They went to a wedding in Scottsdale for the weekend."
"Why didn't you go?"
He looked at Selena as if she had asked the silliest of questions.  "Are you kidding me?  Why would I want to spend the weekend with my family?"
Selena chuckled lightly.  "Are you sure you want me to go with you?"
"Come with me."
Selena walked alongside Xavier feeling a strong jittery sensation in her stomach.  While she had passed by his home many times, she had never imagined she’d ever go inside of it.  She had worshipped it from afar for so long it seemed surreal to be so close.  
Once there, Selena stood flabbergasted in front.  It was at least five times bigger than where she lived.  Sun filled windows abounded everywhere, even at the second story of the house.  It seemed like an old plantation in the South—like Tara the Gone With The Wind film.  From the right angle, Selena could see the kidney shaped pool in the back yard.
"It's just a house," Xavier stated, trying to snap Selena out of her stupor, but she kept an unwavering eye on it.
"Selena," he said with an exasperated voice.  "It's just a house—an expensive thing."
"Aha," was all she could say.
“It’s actually very ugly,” he announced dryly.
“Ugly?” Selena said with disbelief.
"Yes, very, very ugly."
“But—“
“Trust me, Selena.  My house is as ugly as they come.  Xavier intertwined his fingers with Selena's.  "Let's go in."
Selena let him lead her in.  Inside, the opulence was even grandeur with a King Louis motif.  Heavy antique furniture decorated the house.
"It feels like a museum in here," muttered Xavier with an unpleasant tone.
Selena finally found her voice again.  “It’s not ugly,” she murmured.
“That’s because you don’t live here.”
“You’re right, I don’t.”
“Be grateful for that."
Selena sighed.  No matter what the house looked like, the family in it defined it, and she’d hate to share quarters with Asher and Chad.  "I'll wait for you here while you go to your room."
Xavier nodded since Selena was only obeying her parents.  She had promised that she wouldn't be alone with a boyfriend in a bedroom so as a result, they did their homework or visited with each other in the kitchen, the living room, the porch or the barn at Selena’s home but they never went into her bedroom.  Now that they were in his house, the same rules applied.
Selena stood uncomfortably in the living room.  For some reason, she found she couldn’t sit on the furniture.  Everything about the place pushed intruders away and Selena had no doubt that she was one.  People really do live completely different lives just like Grandmother Chela tells me, thought Selena.  Xavier's family never had to worry about insurance, food, or rising fuel bills.  They could spend $100 just like that without a thought.  What would it be like to have so much money?”
"You're still look mesmerized," Xavier said as he returned from his room with a wrapped gift.
"I . . .I . . ."
"This place is just an overpriced thing, Selena, not a home.  Not my home."
"It's so unbelievable."
"I like your home better."
“Really?”
“Really,” he said with sincerity overflowing from him.  
"But this place is so—wow!"
"What does it matter what it looks like when there is no warmth anywhere?"
"Warmth?"
“Don’t you feel cruelty in every corner?”
“Now that you mention it, the atmosphere isn’t very good.  It feels kind of cold.”
“Freezing cold!  Anartica cold!  Frozen heart cold!”
“Xavier, is it that bad here?”
“Worse.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really.”
“I didn’t know you had it so bad, Xavier.”
“The people here are snobs, vicious, and just plain ugly.”
“I’m sorry you have to live in a place that you hate so much.”
“I’m glad you live in a house with so much love.”
“I’m very lucky, but I feel so bad for you.  It’s like you don’t have a home.”
"Have you ever heard the saying that 'home is where the heart is’?" he asked, stepping closer to her.
"Yes, I've heard it."
"Well, my home isn’t this place.  My home is with you."
Selena's throat became tight.  Speaking was impossible for a few seconds.  "That's one of the nicest things anyone has ever said to me," she finally said.
"I know it's corny but it's all from my heart, okay?"
"Okay," Selena murmured.
"I should've told my mom more corny stuff, but it's too late now.  I won't mess up like that again.  I'm going to tell the people I care about how I feel.”
“How you feel?” she gulped.
 “I love you, Selena Spinoza."
"I love you, too, Xavier Jones," she answered quietly.



Chapter 40

“I bet you don’t love me as much as I love you,” Xavier declared as he bent down to touch his lips to hers.  
It was the best kiss Selena had ever received, even surpassing the first one he had given her.  This one had all the warmth and love he had inside of him.  This one made her believe in his love for her.  As soon as he pulled away, she had to work on her equilibrium.
"Let's get out of here," he stated, looking around the house with disgust.
They stepped out in silence.  The air was too thick with emotion for either of them to say anything.  When they had walked a distance, he handed his gift to Selena.
"Xavier, you didn't have to."
"I hope you like it.”
She tore the gift wrapping and smiled when she saw what it was.  
"I know you already have it, but this one is special,” he assured.  “Open the first page."
When Selena opened the cover of The House of The Spirits, she immediately saw what made this one better than hers.  The author had signed a copy to her.  Selena put her fingers where Isabel Allende had written her name.
"I'm overwhelmed," said Selena.  
“I was hoping you would be.”
"How did you get this?"
"My Uncle Paul."
"Your Uncle Paul?"
"He's my father's brother and nothing like Uncle Blake.  He's a nice guy."
"You never talk about him, Xavier."
"He lives in New York, and I guess I haven't had a reason to say anything about him.  He went to California last week.  He travels a lot like my dad and he met Isabel Allende.  I had told him you were a fan of hers, so he got the autograph for you and wanted to make sure you knew that not all the family was like Uncle Blake."  
"You told him about me?"
"Yes, a little.  Our families are involved in our relationship after all,” Xavier blurted, sharper and rawer than he intended.  “Much more than they should, if you ask me,” he stated bitterly.
“What do you mean?” asked Selena, baffled.
“Nothing,” he retorted.
“Nothing?”
“Yes, nothing,” he insisted, his voice dripping with resentment.
Selena stared at him.  Her face scrunched in a perplexed look.  
“What’s wrong, Selena?  You didn’t like my gift?” he asked, worried.
“I love the gift.  It’s just that . . .”
Her voice was too solemn for Xavier’s comfort level.  “What is it, Selena?”
“I could ask you the same thing.”
“What?”
“I just don’t know what’s going on with you.”
“What do you mean?”
“What’s with you, Xavier?”
“What’s with me?” he asked, puzzled. 
“Yeah, what?” she demanded to know.
“Nothing,” Xavier blurted.
“Don’t give me that.  I’m getting tired of this game.”
“It’s not a game,” he murmured as he nervously put his hand on Selena’s arm to make sure he could feel her near to him.
“You’ve been acting strange for a while—all introverted and stuff.  Are you . . . Are you . . .” Selena could hardly get the words out.
“What are you trying to tell me?”  Xavier inquired, quietly.
The words finally ripped out of her.  “Are you breaking up with me, Xavier?”  The words hung in the air until he finally responded which seemed like ages to Selena.
“Did you just ask me if I was breaking up with you?” he asked with a deep frown.
“Yes.”
“Are you kidding me?” he asked with frustration.
“No, I’m not kidding.”
“Selena,” he said softly as if touching every letter,” I just gave you a gift and told you I loved you.”
“Maybe it was a going away present,” she stammered.
“How can you think that?”
“How can I not with the way you’ve been acting?”
Xavier’s arms encircled her, bringing her close to his heart beat.  “You are so silly sometimes,” he said as his index finger pulled up her face.  “Really, silly.  I just gave you the key to my heart and you came up with something like this.”
“Why have you been so far away?”
“Far away?”
“You’ve been very distant.”
Xavier frowned loudly.  His eyes darted up as if in deep thought. And Selena waited patiently for an answer.  It wasn’t difficult to wait since she was still in his arms and still a centimeter away from his lips and the quick intakes of air he was taking.
“Okay,” he finally said.  His eyes shot back to Selena.  “I can’t keep this from you anymore.  I’ve got to tell you."



Chapter 41

Selena didn’t say a single solitary word as Xavier struggled to get started.  They were already sitting outside her house on the bench and her animals, including Antonio Banderas, stayed away as if knowing something incredibly important was about to take place.  Xavier appeared to be in so much pain there was nothing more Selena wanted to do than hold him tightly and tell him, “Whatever it is, it’s going to be okay.”  The problem was that she had her own agonizing doubts about what he was going to say to her.  He finally broke the deafening silence awkwardly and reluctantly.  
“My mom was the only one who knew about me,” he started, his voice shaky and worn.  “Then again, she was like me or to put it more accurately, I was like her.  My dad had no idea, absolutely no idea.”
Selena nodded but didn’t say anything.
“My mom told me that she knew about me the day she brought me home from the hospital after I was born.  She had hoped that I’d be spared and be like my dad, but that wasn’t my destiny.”
Selena involuntarily winced when he used the word destiny.
“I was in my cradle,” he said, gulping.  “when the window next to my crib shattered, sending shards of glass all over, including on me.”
Selena looked at him horrified that something like that had happened to him.
“I was fine, Selena,” he said reassuringly, his eyes raking tenderly over her face.  “I didn’t get cut.”
Selena eyed him with relief but with deep questions in her eyes.
“The glass wasn’t broken by anyone,” he said quietly, “other than me.”
Selena kept looking at him with a perplexed expression.
“I did it.  My mom said a red Robin was on the windowsill and I must’ve wanted it to come in . . . so I shattered the glass.”  His face shifted to the ground.  “You’re probably wondering how I did it—a baby in a crib making glass break without even touching it.  It has to sound spooky and completely nuts to you but it’s real.  You can Google it—telekinetic.”  
His eyes became cloudy while Selena tried to understand what he was saying.  Instead, she shifted in her seat—jittery and confused.  “It’s being able to move objects with your mind.”  He sounded very far away and her mind started putting two and two together even while still having a hard time wrapping itself around what he was saying.  “I can’t imagine what it was like for my mother to keep the extrasensory powers of an energetic child away from my father but she did it and as soon as I could understand, she told me not to tell anyone.”  
His sight shot back to Selena.  “People can be cruel to those who are different.  There are so many haters out there.  So I’ve had to live with this thing all of my life,” he said, looking forlornly past her.  “You already guessed that I’ve got a strong magnetic side to me.  What you didn’t know was that I’ve learned to control it most of the time except when I’m really upset.”
Selena finally spoke up.  “So those people falling to the ground, sodas spraying out, broken fountains and spigots, movie projectors that fix themselves, batteries that suddenly start and so on—all you?” Selena asked, trying not to be completely overwhelmed.
He nodded and stared at the ground.  “Yes”
“You really have some kind of power over stuff?”
“I guess so.”
“You don’t have any gadgets—you don’t even wear a watch.  Does what you’re telling me have anything to do with that?”
He solemnly nodded.  “Electrical stuff sometimes goes bezerk if I’m too close.  Watches speed up.”
“That explains it,” Selena mumbled to herself.
“I know what I’m telling you seems so freaky.”
“It is.”
“I know how hard it must be for you to understand this,” he stated nervously.
“I’m trying.”
His dark eyes stared at Selena’s hands.  “It’s actually not as bizarre as you might think.”
“It isn’t?”
His dark eyes shot back to her.  “Remember when I told you that we were all electrical?”  Selena nodded solemnly.  “For some kind of reason, I can manipulate molecules." 
“How can that happen?”  Grandmother Chela had always told her that there was more to the world than met the eye.  Could she have been talking about things like this?  After all, weird stuff didn’t seem to faze her grandmother at all.  “How can it?”
“I don’t know.”
“Xavier, I don’t know how to handle all of this.”
“It’s still me, Selena.”
“But—“
 “Please don’t hold what I am against me .”
Words flooded out of Selena.  “I don’t hold your abilities against you, even if I’m freaked out, but I am angry at how you kept this from me,” she retorted.
“Selena, I had to make sure you were ready for what I had to tell you.”
She shook her head, her insides twisting and turning like a crazy river and her voice dry and tight.  “Ready?”
“You promised me you’d wait for me to tell you my secret, remember?” he asked gently. 
“I didn’t know you were keeping something this important to yourself,” she responded furiously.
“Please try to understand, Selena.”
“You’re the one who needs to understand what it takes to be in a relationship,” she snapped.
“This thing I’m cursed with is very hard for me.”
“What’s hard is that you didn’t trust me enough to tell me.”
“Please try to understand.”
Selena shot up.  “I need to get inside my house and think on this for a few days.”
“No,” he responded also standing up.
“No?”
“I’m not letting you break up with me again.”
“What?”
“I’m not going through all that heartache again,” he stated with his sad eyes on her.  “Don’t put us through that, Selena.”
She crossed her arms in front of her.  “Then you should’ve come clean sooner.  I already told you that for us to have a good relationship we’ve got to know each other.  I’ve got to know exactly who you are.”
“You do know who I am,” he stated powerfully.
“No, I—“
“Yes, you do,” he insisted, crossing his own arms in front of him.
Anger burst from her.  “You keep things from me!”
“You do too,” he said with his own frustration.
“Like what?”
“Your mother had cancer, didn’t she?”
Selena was so upset she stepped closer to him, challenging him with her eyes.  “I didn’t tell you about that because I didn’t want to hurt you.”
“Because my mom is dead and yours is alive,” he said gently.
“Exactly.”  The fury in her voice was much less sharp.
“You care, Selena.  You love me like a love you.”
“Right now I’m very angry with you, Xavier.”
He nodded.  “I know,” he said quietly.
“Very angry.  Moonflower used to call you a freakoid,” Selena blurted.  ”I had no way of knowing she was right.”
“That really hurts, Selena.”
“That Moonflower called you a freakoid?”
“No, that you called me one. . . I guess with what I’ve told you, how can I expect you not to see me as a freak.”
Selena winced.  She hated hearing him talk like that.  Pulling out of her own anger, she and came to her senses.  “I’m sorry, Xavier.  I shouldn’t have said that.  I’m furious with you, but I shouldn’t be calling you names.  I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“Do you really want to stop seeing me?” he asked, his unwavering liquid eyes on her.
“No.”  It was all she could say.  “But—“
“You have no idea how much I hate being this way,” he grumbled fiercely.
“Xavier—“
“How could I tell you about something I hate so much?  How can I expect you to love everything about me when I’m like this?”
His whole demeanor twisted in a harsh rigid knot.  Waves of self loathing, bitterness, and anger threatened to drown him.  Selena swiftly put aside her own bruised feelings in order to reach him because she just couldn’t let him sink any lower.
“But you’ve got a gift, Xavier,” she murmured.
“It’s more like a curse,” Xavier retorted venomously.  “I wish I was a normal person.”
“But I thought you didn’t care for average?”
“I usually don’t but in this case, I do,” he said bitterly.
“But, Xavier, if you were normal then you’d be another person, and I don’t know if I’d love the other you,” Selena stated strongly.
His hard gaze shot back to her and for the first time in this complicated conversation, he smiled.
“I don’t understand why you hate your abilities,” Selena continued.
“I’m too different and out of place except when I’m with you.”
“I’m different and out of place and I’m not telekinetic,” Selena stated matter-of-factly.
He rewarded her with his movie star sparkler.  “You’re perfect,”
“Right!” Selena exclaimed, rolling her eyes.
“You are,” he whispered.  He gently touched her cheek, bent his head very close to her own, and tenderly brushed his lips over hers.  A painful spark exploded between them, sending small flashes of electricity shooting off their lips.  
“Ow!” Selena cried, her fingers already on her mouth.  “That really hurts.”
“I think we have to understand that every time we separate from each other emotionally, this will happen when we come back together.”
“I guess so,” Selena chuckled.
“I’m sorry things are so weird with me,” muttered Xavier.
“You are just amazing and unique.”
“Thank you, but—“
“Now it’s your turn to take the compliment.”
Xavier smiled.  “Okay."
Selena took a deep, uneven breath.  “I think it’s great that you’ve got a gift, Xavier.  You can use it to do a lot of good.”
His eyes clouded again.  “There was a time when it could’ve made a big difference in my life, but it failed me.”
“What was that?” Selena asked gently.
“Saving my mother.”  His tone was strained.  “The accident happened so fast that neither one of us had a chance to use our abilities to set the car right.  I think about it over and over again.  Why didn’t I react sooner?  I could’ve saved my mother’s life.”
“Xavier,” Selena said, putting her hand on his arm.  “You’ve got to stop replaying that in your head.  You’ve got to stop torturing yourself.  Your mother’s accident was just that—an accident.  It wasn’t your fault.”
“First I distract her and then I . . . I should’ve been able to stop it.”
“But Xavier, she was the adult with her own abilities and if she was not able to stop it, what makes you think you could’ve?”
“It just seems like I should’ve been able to.”
“Stop it, Xavier.  Please stop.”
They stayed silent for what seemed to be eons but in reality, it was only a few seconds.
“Selena,” he said quietly.  “You asked me a little while ago if I was leaving you.  Now I have to ask you the same question.”
“You’re asking me if I’m leaving you?” Selena asked incredulously.
“Yes, I know I told you earlier that I wouldn’t let you leave me, but I can’t make you do what you don’t want to do.”  His face became completely expectant of an answer.  “Are you leaving me?”
“Of course not.”
The muscles on his face relaxed.  “With my mother out of my life, I couldn’t stand it if you were gone too.”
“You’ve got to do a lot more than move a few objects with your mind to get rid of me,” Selena teased.
His relieved eyes fell on hers.  “Thanks, Selena, for sticking by me.”
“You don’t need to thank me for sticking close to the one I love.  It’s as natural as breathing but . . . .”
“What’s the but?” he questioned.
“Stop keeping stuff from me,” Selena implored.
His face relaxed.  “I’ll stop.”
“You sure about that?”
“I promise.”
“One hundred percent sure?”
“Yes,” he said, chuckling.  “Besides, I really don’t have any more secrets.”
“You sure you’re not Superman or something?”
He chuckled loudly.  “Nope.  I’m just a little telekinetic—that’s all.”
“And I’m just simply Selena.”
“Simple—I don’t think so.”
“No, I guess not.  I’ve got lots of complications.”
“Not as much as me,” he mumbled.
They stayed silent for a few minutes exhausted and trying to absorb the enormity of what had just occurred.
"Actually," Selena said, breaking the silence, "all human beings are pretty complicated if you think about it."  She placed her hand on his cheek.
He took her hand from his cheek and covered her palm with tiny deliberate kisses.  Their expectant lips met.  Once they disengaged, after a moment of being completely lost in each other, Selena winced at the sudden lack of warmth from his lips touching hers.
“You won’t tell anyone about my ability, will you Selena?” he asked, concerned.
“I won’t.”
“Can you imagine what your father would do if he knew?”
“He thinks talking to animals is weird,” Selena declared.
“Yes,” Xavier said, chuckling lightly.  “He, especially, can’t know about this.”
“Don’t worry.  I’ll keep your secret because you asked me to.”
“Thank you, Selena.”
“So, no one in the world knows about you?”
“Your grandmother knows,” he stated matter-of-factly.
“Grandmother Chela?” Selena questioned, baffled.
“Yes.”
“But how?”  Selena asked, still not sure she had heard right.
“I don’t know how but when she was here she told me I’d better tell you.”
Realization struck her.  “So that’s why you’ve been acting so strange.”
“Yes.  I still can’t figure out how your grandmother knew.”
Selena chuckled lightly.  “Grandmother Chela isn’t an average person either.”
“I can see that.”
“It’s good that I have first hand experience with special people,” Selena said, smiling at Xavier.
He grinned.  “Luckily.”



Chapter 42

"There's like no good movies coming out this weekend," groaned Moonflower with regret.  She, Saul, Selena, and Xavier sat at a school cafeteria table during lunch.  Things had gone back to normal, and Selena couldn't have been happier that all was well with her boyfriend and friends.
"There's got to be at least one, my butterfly dudette," Saul commented.
"Nope, Hollywood fell asleep at the wheel."
"We could hang out at my house and watch movies on DVD," Saul offered.
Moonflower nodded enthusiastically.  "I'll bring an awesome movie!  I saw it with my parents last weekend.
"Sounds good," Selena said.
"It's a mega-old movie, but my parents loved re-watching it, and it really spooked me."
"What's the name of it?" asked Xavier with curiosity.
"Carrie."
Xavier choked on his soda.  
Moonflowers eyes widened.  "Uh-oh.  Are you okay, Xavier?" 
"Moonflower, I don't have malaria or elephantitis or anything like that," explained Xavier, getting his bearings back.  "The soda went the wrong way.  That's all," he said, eyeing Selena with a solemn expression.
"I know," Moonflower stated with an indignant tone.  "I get it that everything is not like in the movies."
Selena smiled.  "You do?"
"Of course!" Moonflower stated, insulted.  "Take the Carrie movie, for example.  It was completely unrealistic."
"Unrealistic?" muttered Xavier.
"Yes!  A girl who can poof move things magically—like that could ever happen," snickered Moonflower.  " Please!  Give me a break!"
"Yeah, total make believe," Saul interjected.
"Let me get this straight," Selena told Moonflower, "you believe in vampires but not in someone like Carrie?"
"Vampires could really exist," Moonflower insisted dramatically.
"They could totally exist," agreed Saul.
Selena turned to Xavier to see his expression.  His lips were upturned in amusement.  She patted his hand, and he squeezed her fingers.  Selena grinned.  It was so good to have everything back to normal again.


***********************************************

Check out other young adult novels by Mia Rodriguez including the sequel to Lovestruck.  The Key of Hearts is now available.
The Key of Hearts
Paradise Abductions
Paradise Escape 
Supernova
