Luna Dark: Book 3 of the Luna Cycle
Devon Gidley

Copyright 2014 Devon Gidley
 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

For Mrs Odden, breaker of my being
and
Alison and Bo, builders of my confidence


We’re frightened by what makes us different.

- Anne Rice

Table of Contents
Summer Quarter I
Summer Break I
Summer Quarter II
Sumer Break II
Fall Quarter I
Fall Quarter II
Fall Quarter III
Winter Solstice 
Winter I
Winter II
Winter III
Spring I
Spring II
Spring III
Summer Solstice 
About


Summer Quarter I

I never thought I would be the woman waiting by the phone for her man to call. I didn't remember the woman I thought I would be, but it was definitely not that one. Yet here I was – not just waiting, but staring at the darkened screen just waiting for it to light up with a picture of Haruki. 
I wasn't twirling my blonde hair, or strengthening my body for soccer, or studying my summer program homework. I was just waiting. 
It hadn't started this way. At first, we had just called each other whenever. After too many unanswered calls on either end, we had set up a schedule. Then, I had set my alarm to remind me he would be calling. As he had gotten further and further away and the time had gotten longer and longer, I had stopped needing to be reminded. 
Haruki had been gone less than a month. He and Lupe were already across the country. His picture appeared, and Crystalised began playing. 
“Hey,” I said, before the first bar was finished. 
“Can I speak to Celeste Nix, please?”
“Who is this?” I asked. The voice was muffled. 
“It's me,” Haruki said, laughing. 
“Not funny.” 
“I was going for more formal. This is our scheduled time to converse after all. And I know you have caller ID.”
“Yeah, but hearing your voice is the only way I know you're still alive and not being tortured.”
“We're fine. We're staying with more of Lupe's Facebook friends of Facebook friends.”
“Have you found anything yet?”
“No,” he said. It was the pause that gave him away. 
“But...”
“We got a lead.”
“On what?”
“Nisha.”
“Oh,” I said, letting the silence talk for me. I knew she might have potential answers for Haruki's questions about being a Luna. Except she wasn't a Luna as far as I could tell. She had turned Haruki six years ago. How or why was never entirely clear. I knew she may have been able to tell Haruki what he wanted to know, but that was like asking the devil about hell. 
“It could be nothing. It sounds like her, but... somethings don't add up. Florida is a long way from Oak Harbor, Washington. And she can't still be in her early 20s. Plus, the guy kept calling her Nishant. That sounds more like a dude's name. Still, it's better than what we have been getting. Which is basically nothing. We're practically in Florida as is anyway.”
“And if you do find her?”
“Just like the plan. We're going to ask her some questions.”
“Does Lupe know anyone else that can go with you?”
“Don't worry. She can't make me a Luna again.”
“I don't know what she can't do and neither do you. Be careful, Haruki.”
“I'm sorry. I will. I don't think it's her anyway. She wouldn't... I don't know.”
“Exactly.”
“What's that mean?”
“You don't know her, Haruki. And she doesn't know you. Maybe she can answer your questions. Maybe she can't. Maybe she will. Maybe she won't. Just because you can do something, doesn't mean you should always do it.”
“What's going on?” Haruki asked me. He knew me too well. Maybe it made me narcissistic, but I didn't get philosophical insights from other people's problems. I got them from my own. My last statement had been nothing if not a philosophical insight. An old one, but an insight nonetheless. 
“Pari is going up to a shop in Seattle. Iris suggested the three of us go hang out in the city for the day.” I stopped. He waited. “It's the kind shop that sells rare books and exotic... stuff. Pari knows the owner. Apparently, he's been a lot of places, seen a lot of things, knows a lot of stuff. Maybe...”
“He might know about Lunas, but...”
“Pari may have already talked to him when she was first doing research on Lunas. She didn't find anything we didn't already know.”
“Maybe she was asking the wrong questions.”
“That's the problem. Any questions I ask will seem weird. Pari and Iris still think you're dead. If I start asking people about Lunas...”
“Giselle is alive and a Luna. Pari is still trying to track her and Kachada, right? Or you're worried I may have infected you with my Lunaness before I died. Or you're just curious in general because that works out so well for us.”
I snorted because I didn't want to laugh. “So I just lie to my friends?”
“You're already lying to them, Celeste.”
“I know. It just sucks. You're down there risking your life –”
“I'm not risking my life.”
“You know what I mean. You're spending all your time trying to figure out what kind of life we can have together, and I can't even make up some story and ask a stupid question to some old guy.”
“Celeste, we're going to make this work. We're going to figure out everything that I am, and everything I can do, and we're going to figure out how to be safe and happy together. I promise. I keep my promises.”
“I know you do. I love you.”
“I love you, too. I'll talk to you again soon,” Haruki said. I sent him an air kiss before we hung up. I put the phone down and went back to waiting for his next call. I may have been doing other things, but underneath it all, I was still waiting. 
Up in west Olympia, the sun was setting on the horizon. In downtown, the trees and hills had had already blocked it out, throwing up the mantle of twilight. I gazed out my window. There was nothing to see. Parking lots or office buildings. It was the same as it had been for the almost two years I had lived here. Haruki's old place – the one he had before he died – wasn't much different. A little more grass. A little less concrete. 
Still, it had felt different. His place had always felt like him and later on like us. Mine had always felt like me. Who I used to be. The girl I had been when I first moved here – scared, anxious, clinging to my mom like a kindergartener on the first day of school. There had been good times here with Haruki, but it had always felt like he was just visiting. My apartment had never been protected like his home. People needed an invitation to come into Haruki's home. They didn't need one here. 
Haruki was right. I was deceiving my friends, but I was deceiving myself as well. This apartment wasn't the shelter and the haven it had been at my lowest moment. It was the place Kachada had once kidnapped me, the place where Lupe had once kissed me, the place where Iris had once betrayed me, the place where Haruki had once and again left me. 
In that moment I decided I was moving. Later on, I would rationally justify it by telling myself I wanted to save money for when I graduated at the end of the year. Was that who I was? Someone deciding on emotion and pretending it was rational? Was that who I wanted to be?

One of the things I liked about Evergreen professors was that they wore their street clothes in the classroom and vice versa. Like addressing them by their first names, it really did make it seem like a collective learning community. Pari wasn't wearing her classroom clothes today. She was dressed to the nines. I wasn't even sure what that meant, but it seemed appropriate.  
She wore a bold and bright matching skirt and blouse, patterns of red and blue. It would have looked comical on anyone with skin lighter than her Persian SoCal shade. On Pari, with black hair tumbling down her back in rivulets and purple eye shadow her only make-up, the outfit was a master class in color coordination. I wasn't the only one thinking this wasn't an ordinary trip to the big city. 
In comparison, Iris and I looked positively like peasants. Me more so than her. Iris wore short shorts and a graphic tee left over from her days of being a hair dying punk pixie. She hadn't cut or dyed her hair since last summer. Naturally it was medium brown and made her look plain when she was anything but. I wore a flowery summer dress with a skirt underneath because it was partly see through in the right – wrong – light. I even had the broad brim hat to go with it. We were both working on our soccer tans. 
Pari drove, picking up Iris first, so I had to settle for sitting in the back. I told Pari she looked amazing when I saw her and left it at that. The highway was only a few blocks from my apartment, so we were quickly on our way. Seattle was a hundred miles away and traffic wasn't too bad on this non-holiday mid-afternoon Saturday in July. 
Iris broke the silence. “Why are you dressing up to go shopping for whatever it is we're going shopping for? I thought the owner was old and a dude.”
“He's both,” Pari said, laughing. 
“Does he give you discounts or better service if you're looking hot?”
“No. Probably worse. I thought you wanted to go to some of the clubs?”
“I do,” Iris said. “But I didn't think all the guys would be flirting with my teacher instead of me.”
“Pari, you do realize that Iris is still only twenty?”
“I have a fake ID,” Iris insisted. 
“Celeste, do you remember one of the first things you said to me?”
“Probably not,” I said. I remembered the first time I met her because I had met Haruki for the first time moments later, and I remembered that like I remembered getting dressed this morning. 
“You told me I was too young to be teaching college. I could say the same thing about your life – what you have seen and what you have done. Age doesn't define who we are or what we can do. Some things should never be experienced no matter how old you become. We all know that personally. Dancing and music are not one of those things.”
If it had been most anyone else, I would have apologized for my sarcasm or sneered at her lecturing. I did neither because I knew she was right. We were young, and we had experienced the world, and we had long stopped being girls. Life wouldn't always be like this – fun and beautiful, surrounded by good friends and free of serious obligations. Today and tonight, we could do whatever we wanted. 
“You're not going out with us, are you?”
“No,” Pari said. “I'm going to visit a friend.”
“With benefits?” Iris asked, as if that was any of our business. 
“All friendships have benefits.” That was Pari's way of not answering the question. Unfortunately for her, Iris didn't see it that way. 
“What are the benefits of being friends with us?”
I had asked myself that same question since the day Pari had come to my house and convinced me to return to Evergreen after my parents died. She hadn't saved my life, but she had helped me to survive long enough for me to find a reason to live: Haruki. 
Pari still hadn't answered. She couldn't say what she had said to me then. She stalled for time by signaling and changing lanes to pass a car going five miles over the speed limit. It was easy for me to say what benefits I got from being friends with her. She had given me advice and counsel, comfort and succor on enough occasions that I could have started a list. But what had I given her? 
I had given her heartbreak and danger. 
“You have accepted me and understood me. You have trusted me. You have allowed me to be part of the small community, perhaps the only community in Olympia that knows what else is out there. You have taught me about life.”
I had nothing to say to that. I knew she wasn't lying or spilling bullshit. With Haruki and Lupe away, Newman dead, the Brotherhood dispersed, and the other bad guys gone, we three were the only ones that knew. Truly knew. At least as far as I knew. A memory came back to me of our first conversation. Not what was said, but what I felt. Pari really believed in the school philosophy of professors learning alongside students. Maybe I had more to give than what I thought I did. 
“Thanks,” Iris said. It was simple and appropriate. 
Yun's Magik Emporium was on an upper floor in one of the buildings in the most Seattle of addresses: Pike's Place Market. The shop was lit with glowing Chinese lanterns and decorated in New Age colors. It felt ancient and authentic, yet modern and novel. It was the kind of place you could buy a dozen different varieties of garlic to protect yourself from vampires or to spice up your spaghetti sauce. You could buy the latest book from the newest self-help guru or the last original spellbook of a dead shaman. It was the kind of place that never took inventory because the owner knew everything he had in stock off the top of his head. 
I was pretty sure the guy behind the counter was not the owner. He had brown-blond curls cut short in the Justin Timberlake pre-solo career, pre-movies style. They framed a baby face that probably got him carded wherever he went. Still, his posture told me he was older, or just plain old. It was well into summer, but his tan was weak. He had glanced up from his phone as the old fashion bell rung above the door as we entered. He looked each of us over in turn – Pari to Iris to me, back to Iris for a bit too long, before finally returning to Pari as she led the way forward. 
“Can I help you ladies? Find anything,” he added, as if in afterthought. “Pixie dust? Crystal ball? I also do henna tattoos, but only if I like you.”
“I'm a friend of Yun. He is expecting me.”
“Ah. Yeah,” he said, dropping some of flirtatiousness. “He did say a friend was coming to visit him. I just didn't expect...” But not all of it. His gaze flickered back to Iris and me. “Well, you know. So, hey, if you want to try things out or play around, go ahead. Just ask me first. The old man is kind of crazy with some of the stuff. You can call me Tea.”
“Like a t-shirt?” Iris asked. He smiled, and I didn't like it. 
“I was thinking more like Earl Grey tea,” I said. That made him smile even wider, and I still didn't like it. 
“Either one works. I never write it down, so it doesn't matter to me.”
“Are you going to let Yun know that we are here?” Pari asked. Tea forced his eyes back to Pari, anger or annoyance flashing on then off his face. 
“Yeah. I'll let him know,” Tea said. He disappeared through a curtain that led to a hidden back section. Pari turned to look back at us. 
“Anything out here you can touch. Yun keeps the dangerous items in the back.” 
“Think I should get a henna tattoo?” Iris asked. I wouldn't. Not from him. Not from a guy who thinks he's all that. I just shrugged as I went to check out the bookcase. There were two. One for new books and people who thought this was all fun and games. The other one looked like used books – like the words in the books were used for something. 
Iris asked Pari a question about an aphoristic. I closed my ears to their conversation, concentrating on the books in front of me. The chances of me finding a book on the shelf with info on Lunas was miniscule. The information I needed was more likely in the books he kept in the back. Or in the stories he kept in his head. Even knowing what I was looking for, it would take ages to sift through the dust and mold to find it. If it was here to be found. 
“Pari Rozmeher,” a new, soft voice said. It had been a long time since I had heard someone say Pari's last name. I abandoned the book search. Yun looked just like every old Chinese man I'd never met but always imagined. He was stomped over a cane, more hair on his face than his head, all of it white, his eyes almost closed against the light. Pari kissed him on the cheek. I doubted that was a typical Chinese greeting. 
“This is Iris and Celeste,” she said, waving us over. “They are friends of mine.”
“And students.”
“Yes.”
“Welcome to my shop, Iris and Celeste.”
“You spelled magic wrong,” Iris said. Yun smiled warmly in contrast to Tea's smile earlier. “And I do not know what emporium means. Still, people come and buy.”
“Maybe it's your name that brings them in,” Tea said. He was watching us all from behind the counter. Yun snorted. 
“What is a name? It is inside that matters.”
“Whatever. I know she didn't come for any of the junk out here. Take her to the back and give her the good stuff. I'll entertain her friends out here.”
“How are your books organized over there?” I asked. “The real ones.”
“They aren't,” Tea replied before Yun could answer. 
“I will help you find a book when I return,” Yun said as he gestured for Pari to join him in the back. They disappeared behind the curtain leaving Iris and me alone with Tea. 
“What are you looking for?”
“Nothing.”
“She likes to read,” Iris said. I went back to the book shelf. I wasn't very good at small talk. Iris could entertain Tea until Pari and Yun were finished. As much as I wanted to ignore their conversation, I couldn't. His voice cut through my concentration. 
“You don't like to read?”
“It's okay.”
“You're not lonely enough yet?”
“I'm not lonely,” Iris said. My back was to them, so I didn't see what he did instead of speaking. Iris must have done something back because the silence hung there. I almost turned around. 
“Do you want me to give you a henna tattoo?”
“I thought you only gave those to people you liked?” Iris replied. I didn't need to see Tea to know he smiled that smile I didn't like. “Do you have any tattoos?”
“I used to,” he said, running circles around her with his words. 
“You got them removed?”
“They faded away.”
“I thought they were permanent.”
“Henna tattoos aren't permanent.”
“Oh. I thought you meant you had a real tattoo.”
“I got just the one for you,” Tea said. I had to see this. I abandoned the book search to join them at the counter. Tea was free-handing a design in pen. At first, it looked like one of those knotted Celtic designs, except the knots didn't all tie. Maybe it was really bad Chinese calligraphy. 
“That's ugly. Don't get it,” I said. Tea gave me the same flash he gave Pari. 
“It's not for you.”
“I don't think I want that,” she said. “Can you do like butterfly or something?”
“Why not a flower? An iris for Iris.” The sarcasm dripped from him. I was deciding which reference to his name was the most biting when Pari and Yun returned from the back. Tea crumpled up the weird design and tossed it away. He got out another piece of paper and began drawing what looked like an iris. 
“Celeste, what book are you looking for?” Yun asked. 
“I think it's probably in the back.”
“How do you know what I have in the back?”
“She means it is a book best discussed in private,” Pari clarified. 
“Oh, don't worry. I don't take offense to that whatsoever,” Tea said. Yun snorted again. 
“Come. We will find this book.” Yun disappeared behind the curtain again. Pari followed him. I expected as much. Tea was finishing up the flower. It didn't look half bad. I followed Pari, leaving Iris alone with him. 
Directly behind the curtain was the back stockroom, and through another door a small empty connecting room that didn't seem like it was meant for anything. Yun opened another door and we entered another room, this one the same size as the main part of the shop. It must have been another retail space Yun had converted into his exclusive collection. There were no trinkets here like up front, only herbs and weapons, extracts and books, and oldness. 
Yun plopped down into a plush chair. He rested his hands on the cane and looked at me, waiting. 
“I'm looking for a book on Luna,” I said. 
“Why?”
“I want to save one,” I said. 
“Yun, the girl is being held by a dangerous man. If he finds out Celeste is trying to help her, he won't let her live this time. 
No. Kachada hadn't let me live in the woods as he dragged Giselle off. He had let me suffer with a dead Haruki in my arms. If Haruki hadn't been Luna, and if he hadn't come back to me when the moon went dark, and if I hadn't come here to save Haruki instead of Giselle, I would have told Pari all that. But he was, and it did, and I hadn't, so I ignored her misplaced objections.  
“What do you know?” I asked Yun again. 
“I cannot help you.”
“You can't or you won't?”
“I already asked him when you first told me about Haruki,” Pari said. 
“Vampires then. Can you turn a vampire back into a human?”
“A vampire has lost his soul. If you can give it back...”
“How do you do that?”
“Has a Luna lost a soul?”
“I don't know,” I said. But I did know. I knew it from the countless moments that said Haruki cared. Nisha hadn't taken that from him. “No. A Luna has a soul.”
“Then how to give a soul back is not important,” Yun concluded. I hadn't come here expecting to find answers to my questions, but now that I had asked them, I wanted answers. Haruki was right to leave, to go search for answers. We weren't asking the wrong questions. We were asking the wrong people.  
I thanked Yun for his time and we left. Iris showed off the new henna tattoo on the back of her hand, the deep red standing out on her white skin. Pari transferred whatever Yun had given her to the trunk away from our prying eyes. We grabbed some fresh caught dinner from elsewhere in the market before decamping halfway across town to a park. We laid on a blanket and ate, watching the shirtless Frisbee golf players. Soon, Iris and I had joined them, never playing hard enough to break a sweat. 
The sun dipped further toward the horizon. Pari retrieved us from the game and our laughter. We packed up our stuff and headed to the car. “What club on the list is closest?” I asked. Iris was already checking her phone. 
“You want to go to a house party instead? There's going to be a live band. Dancing.”
“With sweaty Frisbee players? No.”
“No. Tea. He's going to one tonight. He invited us.”
“You gave him your phone number?”
“Just in case he ever came to Olympia and wanted to hang out.”
“I don't know.”
“Where is it?” Pari asked. Iris showed her the map on her phone. “It's on my way to meet my friend. If you want.”
I didn't want. I wanted to go to a club and dance and listen to bad Euro-trash music and lose myself for a while. I didn't want to go to a house party and drink and sit off to the side watching other people drink. Or worse, talk. 
“Celeste.”
“Sure,” I said because Iris and I were friends again. This extended trip had been her idea, and I had already done what I came to do. The least I could do was something she wanted to do. “We can always go to a club if it sucks.” 
The house was on a hill. I read nothing into that. Windows wrapped around the back three quarters, revealing the drop down the side below. The party raged on the main level and the one below. It wasn't a college party. It was almost a rave with just fewer glow sticks and less foam. There was no need to wade through the mass of people, for everyone seemed to have found their own nook or cranny. 
Iris and I wandered around, no one paying us any mind. There was actual bar with an actual bartender pouring drinks into clear molded plastic that resembled glass. He came up to us. “What are your names?”
“Iris.”
“Why does that matter?” I asked. He ignored my question and began mixing a drink, topping it with a strawberry. He placed the drink in front of Iris and slid an unopened can to me. 
“An Illiad for Iris.” 
“This is good,” Iris said, sipping it. 
“And I get this?”
“Tonic water. It will cure your attitude.” Before I could retort, I felt a hand on my shoulder. I shook it off, turning right into Tea. He had his other hand on Iris. 
“Glad you could make it. You should have told him your name, and he would have given you a real drink.”
“Where's the band?” Iris asked. 
“I'll show you. He's setting up downstairs.”
“He?”
“Dubstep. One man band.”
“This party sucks, Tea. Drugs are a poor substitute for music and dancing,” I said.
“Come on,” Tea said, ignoring me just like the bartender. He took my tonic water with one hand and led Iris away with the other. I watched them go, hoping he didn't try and slip something in her drink. 
“Celeste,” I said, giving in to the bartender. It looked more like a fruit smoothie than a mixed drink until he added the rum. 
“Cast Away for Celeste,” he said. I took my drink and wandered over to the window. The sun had set and the half moon and stars were just beginning to appear above the city. What I could see standing there was bigger than all Olympia. What was I doing here? I forced a chuckle at my own question. It was practical and philosophical, big and small, and the sweetness of the fruit juice was masking the kick of the rum. 
I laid my drink off to the side, but it was too late. I had almost finished it, and the moon was bigger and brighter in the sky, and the one man band had started stepping, and Tea was standing next to me, staring out at the same blurry stars as me. 
“I miss not being able to see the stars. One of the drawbacks of living in the city.”
“Where's Iris?”
“She had to go the bathroom,” Tea replied. I should check on her. I looked at him. “I know where there's a telescope if you want–”
“Did you already try that line on Iris?”
“We're just friends.”
“I have a boyfriend.”
“Iris told me he died,” Tea replied. What? Iris told him about Haruki? Why would she be talking about me at all? Something wasn't right. 
I yanked my eyes away from Tea. Downstairs, I scanned the people around the pool table and in front of the big screen. I glanced behind closed doors until I reached a locked one. The bathroom. 
“Iris? You in there?” A couple moments later, the door unlocked and I pushed inside. Iris dabbed her tears with toilet paper, smudging her make-up even more. “What happened? Are you okay?” She nodded, and I didn't believe her. “Did he hurt you? Did he put something in your drink?”
“He...” Iris started, but she couldn't calm herself down enough to talk. Tea was probably still up there. I could catch him. Make him pay for whatever he had done. Or I could hold Iris and tell her that it was over and that everything was going to be alright. I could avenge her, or I could comfort her.  
I stayed. 
In fits and starts and knocks on the door, Iris managed to tell me what had happened. They had gone downstairs. They had actually had fun losing a game of pool. Then Tea had used the same telescope line on her, except she had said yes. It was in the back bedroom. She had looked at the rising moon while Tea lay on the bed watching her. He had asked her a question, and she gone to lie next to him on the bed and tell him too much. When she stopped speaking, he got up from the bed and cued a song from his iPod. It was that stupid song from last year, fun. We Are Young. Lying there on the bed, she listened to the lyrics, really listened, for the first time. Just as she realized how depressing the song really was, Tea had kissed her. For a moment, she wanted nothing more than to kiss him back and let him take her. But she didn't because she had told him the most intimate things about herself and he had put on a song and kissed her. She pushed him away and locked herself in the bathroom because she felt the same thing for him that she felt for the bartender: nothing. 
After the story, I took Iris with me and we left. Tea was gone, long gone I assumed, like the sun. Our flimsy clothes exposed too much skin to the cooling night. I should have been cold, but I wasn't. An internal fire burned within me. It seemed fitting then that we ended up at the only coffee shop open late in the area, El Diablo. We drank Mexican hot chocolate until Pari came and picked us up. 
Iris told me I could sit in the front. I didn't. She needed someone to hold her and that was all I could do for her now. Pari drove, and Iris rested her head in my lap, and I ran my fingers gently along her hairline. I knew she had fallen asleep when her hand slipped out. Her tattooed hand. The flower. The second choice. 
It came to me all in those moments – the nagging feeling that something was off with him, that he wasn't just some guy, that the tattoo design he had been drawing wasn't random. I should have known it. Iris should have known it. We were both taking Pari's class and we hadn't seen it. He had been writing in ancient Greek, not in order, but letters nonetheless. 
I looked out the window at the white moon and wondered if Iris would ever see it the same way again. I looked down at Iris and wondered if I would ever touch her the same way again. In my memory and my mind, I took the pattern he had been constructing and strung it out in order. Theta. Eta. Rho. Omega. Nu. He had been writing his name.
Theron. 

Summer Break I

Florida didn't remind me of Mexico despite what Lupe said. His argument consisted of heat, beaches, and Spanish. He could have added Giselle, but he wouldn't do that. My counterargument consisted of him never actually having been to Mexico despite his parents being Mexican. I didn't tell him the real reason. I had been running in Mexico, and I was chasing here. I was chasing a lead; I was chasing knowledge, I was chasing Nisha.
And I was about to catch her. 
Word filtered fast on Facebook. It started off small enough. Lupe had just posted a few questions for his Wicca group. In turn, it got passed on to their friends or other groups until six degrees of separation later we ended up in Port Charlotte. We had asked the same follow up questions a few dozen times on the way here and followed up a handful of interesting answers. None were as promising as this. 
Like the rest of our nights on the road, we we staying with people – the kind of people that thought our search for some real magic was cool instead of crazy. And true because admitting I was a Luna looking for answers on what that meant wasn't exactly an option. 
Earl was our contact here. It was his dirty, stale apartment that Lupe and I were crashing in until we moved on to the next false hope. I was glad I only had to sleep in it for two more days: one to find the dead end and one to be polite. It wasn't anything against Earl personally; hell, I hadn't even met him yet. He was a rigger on one of the Gulf oil platforms. Tomorrow he would be back from his two weeks out to sea. Tomorrow, he would tell us where he had seen Nisha. 
“Haruki, you hungry? This guy has nothing in the fridge,” Lupe said to me as he closed the fridge door. There wasn't much in the apartment in general. Two weeks on the platform, one week back at shore with the water so close. I doubted Earl spent much time inside the apartment. 
“I'll survive.”
“There's a bunch of restaurants at that crossroads we drove through. Ten minute walk. Two minute car ride.”
“I can't.” 
“Oh, yeah,” Lupe said, peaking out the closed curtain. The light from the faded sun still touched the clear sky but not the earth, and the waxing moon had already appeared. “Well, I need some fresh air. I'm gonna get take out. What do you want?”
“Something vegetarian,” I said. Evergreen had tried for two years to make me one, but it had taken me dying for me to convert. I respected life more and my body. 
“Okay. See you in a bit.” Lupe left the car keys and put on his flip-flops. The walk would do him some good. It was a beautiful night and maybe it did remind me of another like it long ago, one where I had also been chasing something. I had not caught it then, and I wondered if it would be the same now. 
I opened a window and cracked the door and hoped that a cool breeze would blow in from the water. The faint sounds of a summer night drift in as I sat back down against the couch. I picked up my journal and flipped absentmindedly through it. It was filled with details of the trip, locations, people, conversations, ideas, leads, anything that might be useful in the future. It was meant to give me perspective, and once in a while, like now, I looked over it to see if patterns would emerge from the pages. None had before, and none did in the minutes before Lupe burst back in. 
“I just talked to her,” he said, closing the door behind him and locking it. He was out of breath, the takeout a mess in the plastic bag he carried. 
“What?” 
“I just talked to Nisha.”
“Don't joke about that, Lupe.” I closed my journal and retrieved the takeout from Lupe. It was Chinese, the boxes opened from the run. I could see my vegetables mixed with some indiscriminate meat. I was hungry now, but I wasn't sure I wanted to eat after Lupe had ruined the food just so he could make his joke seem real. 
“She wants to see you.”
“Knock it off.” 
“Tomorrow at dawn. The Port Charlotte Yacht Club.” 
Lupe and I had become friends on this trip. We had been able to do that because we both understood and obeyed three simple unspoken rules. We never lied about Celeste, we never talked about Giselle, and we never joked about Nisha. We had come so far without breaking any of them. Now, we were so close, and Lupe had to push the limits. 
I spun around to hit him, or at least to grab his shirt and show him how serious I was. I grabbed  a fist full of shirt and Lupe reacted by grabbing my arm. I felt him begin to drain me, so I pushed him as I pulled away. 
“Haruki.” We stood staring at each other. His expression hadn't changed the entire time. He was afraid, but he wasn't afraid of me. He had come back that way. 
“Okay,” I said. “Tell me.” So Lupe did. 

It was quiet on the streets. There were a few people out, walking their dogs or coming home from the movies or something. But really, it seemed just like any other neighborhood on any other summer night. I was walking alone, but I didn't feel like I should be worried, like I should be paying attention. So I wasn't. She must have been following me from the apartment though. That's the only thing that makes sense. 
I got to the shopping center. The Chinese place was open and cheap and I knew they would have takeout. I open the door and step in and I notice this woman running up behind me, so I held the door open for her. She looked about our age with jet black hair and tropical skin. I thought she was hot. That's as far as my mind got. 
“Thanks,” she said. I grabbed a menu and looked it over. She did the same. “What's good here?”
“I don't know,” I said. “I'm not from around here.”
“Me neither. Where you from?”
“Tacoma, Washington.”
“Been there. Didn't like it.”
“Me neither,” I replied. She laughed, and I realized she was flirting with me. 
“What's your name?”
“Lupe Vargas.”
“So what are you going to order, Lupe Vargas?”
“I was thinking about the moo shu pork. I like the little pancakes, you know. And I guess I have to get some veggies for my friend.”
“Girlfriend?”
“No. He's just a friend,” I said, blushing more as if that was possible. 
“So a boy friend, not a boyfriend.”
“Yeah,” I said, laughing because she was smiling. We ordered and sat down to wait. 
“So, Lupe, what are you doing in Florida?”
“Well...” I started. Here's my rationale. We're looking for answers, right? But we don't know who might have those answers, so we should just ask anyone. Luckily, I didn't answer right away. I paused long enough to realize how stupid it is to tell everybody what we're looking for. But you know what? A part of me wanted to tell exactly why we were here. Every last detail. None of the bullshit, just the truth. I didn't. I didn't tell her about you being a Luna or the real people we are looking for. 
“I don't know. We're just traveling around trying to find something.”
“Find what?”
“The answers to the universe? Ourselves? What every college student looks for. What about you?”
“The same. It's a nice place to look, huh?” 
We talked about beaches and the weather and nothing important until the food came. There were a few moments there where I felt like we had something, then it was gone. We walked out into the night together. It was one of those awkward moments. I was coming back here, and she was alone. 
“Well, it was nice meeting you...” I stuck out my hand because I felt like we should say good bye, but I didn't really think we were ready for a hug. She did. She wrapped her arms around me, and she leaned up to whisper in my ear. 
“You're not going to invite me back to your place?”
“I don't even know your name.”
“Nisha.”
“What?” I pulled back in disbelief. I thought I had misheard her, or she had mispronounced, or it was the craziest coincidence ever. It wasn't any of those. And I knew it because she was smiling this wicked smile. 
“Haruki is looking for me, and if he comes, alone, to the Port Charlotte Yacht Club tomorrow at sunrise. I'll be there, by the water,” Nisha said. Before I could think of what to do, she walked across the street and then she was gone. 

“I ran back here as fast as I could. What else could I do?” Lupe finished. He was right. There was nothing else he could have done. He could have chased her to ask her questions she wouldn't answer. He could have tried to stop her until the police stopped him. No. There was nothing he could have done. 
There was something I could do. I could go to the club at dawn. 

It was only when I realized that sunrise was different than dawn that I stopped worrying. I had bypassed the gate and security by helping some early morning scuba divers with their gear. In back of the clubhouse there was a gazebo where rich people held weddings. It was near the water as she had requested. When Nisha arrived, she would be able to see me, to see that I had come alone. 
It was half an hour between dawn and sunrise. There was no need for me to alternate my view since both the horizon and clubhouse were east of me. I waited, anxiously, wondering if she would come or if someone else would, from the club or worse. Finally, the sun broke the plane. 
The docks, parking lot, and clubhouse were as empty as before. Yet from somewhere the sound of a motor caught my attention.  
Nisha stood behind the controls of a powerboat. The morning sun set her ablaze like the fire had the night I first met her. She wore a white t-shirt over a deep purple bikini. She looked exactly like I remembered her: the night black hair, the reflecting eyes, the rich dark skin. Only her lips were less brilliant, the salt air eroding the moisture. It had been six years, and I had grown up, and she hadn't aged a day. 
“Hi, Haruki,” she said, a twinge of sweetness and sadness and none of the flirting she had thrown my way years ago. I stepped out of the gazebo and walked to the edge. She throttled the motor down, but didn't turn it off. She could have pulled the boat into the dock, but she hadn't. This was as close as she was going to get. Yet, I hoped. 
“Hi, Nisha,” I said, raising my voice over the motor, waves, and the light highway traffic within sight. I don't think I ever really expected to find her. Even after last night. Especially not like this. I had thought about this moment for so long that now that I was here, I became lost in all the possible things I imagined saying over the years. 
“You look good. You've become a handsome young man.”
“Thanks,” I replied, blushing even now. “You look as beautiful as ever. Actually, you look exactly the same. Like you haven't changed at all.”
“Not completely,” she said. Nisha pulled up her shirt, so I could clearly see her bikini. “No more lavender or violet. Only real purple now.” She let her shirt drop, but it continued to flutter in the wind. That night had changed both of us. Nisha preferred purple now, and I was a Luna. It made me realize just how different we were now. Or had always been. 
I filtered through my list of questions. I came here for Celeste, to find out if I would turn her into a Luna. Of all the things I wanted to ask, that was the answer I needed the most. It wasn't the one I wanted the most. 
“Did you know?” I asked. Nisha looked out over the water as if she was deciding whether to answer me or leave. She stayed. 
“Would it make a difference now?” Nisha asked back. It made all the difference in the world. It meant that everything that happened that night was a lie. It meant that she had destroyed my life knowingly, intentionally, purposely. It meant... 
“No. I guess not.” I still needed her to answer my questions. What she meant or didn't mean six years ago didn't matter right now. 
“Then yes. I knew,” Nisha admitted, turning back to me. I pushed it aside to deal with later. 
“How does it work? Can I make someone a Luna?”
“Why? Do you want to?”
“Why would I ever want to make someone a Luna?” I asked. It was rhetorical but baited all the same. Nisha didn't bite. 
“Wait. You don't want to make someone a Luna. That's it, right? You're afraid you're going to turn her into one. Which means you haven't had sex since that night with me.”
“How was I suppose to?” I screamed, the moment and pressure overcoming my emotions. “I am a Luna. Do you even know what that means?”
“Yes,” Nisha said, turning away again to look at the ocean and beyond. “More than you think.”
“Than why are you surprised?”
“Because you've become a survivor, Haruki. And survivors always find a way to get what they want.”
“Is that what you tell yourself to make it alright? You're a survivor, so it's okay to ruin someone's life?”
She shook her head and didn't answer my question. “A Luna can't make another Luna.”
“But you can.”
“I have. I will. But that doesn't matter. What matters is that you don't have to worry about making anyone else like you. Being one yourself is punishment enough.”
“Punishment for what?”
“For trusting me. For being weak. For being lost. For not believing in yourself. For nothing. I don't know,” she said, shrugging. She was wrong. Nature didn't do punishment. Nature did balance. Nisha could make a Luna, but she wasn't one herself. I was a Luna, but I couldn't make one. It all evened out in the end. I wanted to tell her that, to let her know that we were twisted up and connected like an infinity sign or a two-headed snake eating itself. I didn't get the chance. 
“You get one more question,” Nisha said, abruptly. Finally, I realized she wasn't ignoring me or admiring the scenery. She was looking out for someone. It was the same reason she was on the boat, why she hadn't turned the engine off. She could leave in a second. I almost asked her who she was expecting, but I didn't. I wasn't going to waste my last question on that. 
“Why me?”
“Because that's the way it works, and you were just some cute kid I met at a party that I never thought I would see again.”
“So why did you want to see me now? You knew I was looking for you. You knew where to find me. You could just as easily have not.”
“Goodbye, Haruki.”
“Nisha, wait.” But she didn't, the engine revving louder. 
“I want you to be happy, Haruki. I hope she makes you happy,” she said, raising her voice louder. Nisha kissed her fingertips and held them out in my direction. 
I didn't think. If I had, it would have been too late. I took the one step to the edge and jumped into the water, praying there weren't any rocks. It was deeper than it looked, and I slipped down without touching the bottom. A few kicks, and my head broke the surface. I swam toward the boat as the rear dipped into the water, Nisha gunning the throttle and releasing the brake. The wake knocked me back. All I could do was watch as she fled. 
The engine roared and reverberated through the water, deafening all the other sounds. I swore she yelled over it, or I imagined it because I wanted her to. Either way, I heard “I'm sorry” through it all. I tread water as the boat and Nisha become smaller and smaller as she took it out of Port Charlotte toward the Gulf. 
This meeting, this reunion had been building for six years and it was over in less than six minutes. I stayed in the water. Once I got out, I would walk away, and it would be over. I would never see her again. Lupe would inevitably tell me that we would find her again. He would know it wasn't true as well as I did. We hadn't found Nisha. We never would have. She had set us up, feed us breadcrumbs and led us straight to where she wanted us. 
Still, there was some comfort to be had. She hadn't lied to me, now or then. She hadn't told me the whole truth, but I had truthful answers enough to the important questions. That is what I had come here for, and now I had it. One of the reasons, at least. 
Lupe was waiting for me when I returned to the apartment. He took it all in, my wet clothes and stoic face. “The shower is open. Breakfast is on the table. The bags are packed.”
“We have to go before Earl gets back.” 
“Where we going?”
“Anywhere but here,” I said. Somewhere out there were the two other people I was looking for: Giselle and my father. 

Summer Quarter II

Here's the thing about fears. They don't always manifest like you expect. I spent the long days after Seattle waiting for Iris to tell me she wasn't feeling quite right. I was waiting for her to tell me she was suffering from the symptoms that I knew could mean only one thing: Theron had turned her into a Luna. 
The fear never came to pass like that. Iris felt fine. It wasn't that I thought she was lying. It was just that I didn't believe her. After what she had gone through, there was no way she should have been feeling fine. I touched her skin whenever I could to see if it felt like Haruki's. It didn't, but I used every other Luna tell on Iris anyway. I made her eat strawberries and draw me crescents and try on platinum jewelry. I made her go out under the moon, and I made her model for me in front of a mirror. All the signs said she was fine. Maybe she was, physically at least. 
The henna tattoo Theron had given her stood out every time I saw her. She refused to wash it with something to make it fade faster. It reminds me, she said, to be on my guard. It was a good thing to remember, yet I got the feeling she wasn't on guard for treachery from other people. She was watching for her own weaknesses and failings. 
After we had got back to Olympia and Iris was safely tucked in her bed, I told Pari what had happened. She called Yun to let him know. Neither of us suggested calling the police which didn't reflect well on them or us or society. In this case, it wouldn't have mattered. Theron didn't show up for work. Yun tried to go to the address Theron had provided on his application. It didn't exist. The closest building was a spa retreat. We shouldn't have expected it to be that easy. It never was with Luna.
Iris and I had been through worse, and Pari knew it. No time off from class was asked for or given. The summer quarter was condensed, so we were already halfway through it. When Pari told me she needed at least six students to teach a summer ancient Greek class, I told her good luck. Even a second grader could have seen that she was just setting up to ask me to sign up. How hard could it be? Sure I had almost failed Spanish in high school and never completed the quarter of French here with Magnus, but I had good excuses for those. 
In the end, I said yes because I was her friend, and I needed the credit. I hadn't needed to. There were eight of us in all – me, Iris, three new Pari acolytes, a potential grad student, a pastor studying so he could read the Bible, and a Hawaiian girl. For the first time since the first class, I noticed the back of her hands. They were covered in henna loops, whorls, and swirls. She must have had a thing for henna because her dark hair was streaked with dark red henna as well. I made a mental note to ask her about the tattoos after class. 
We were going to read our first real piece of ancient Greek written by ancient Greeks, as opposed to the simple invented sentences in our text book. It wouldn't have occurred to me, but apparently, Plato was one of the easiest Greeks to read. He wrote dialogues, so his style was conversational instead of poetic. Of course Pari chose the most monologue-y of his dialogues, The Apology. I had read the translation, but that didn't help any as I tried to sound out the words. In some ways Greek was easier than Spanish or French because I never confused it with anything else. It used a completely different alphabet. I never forgot that I was trying to read Greek. The rest of life wasn't like that. You didn't always know where you stood or what you were doing. 
Class ended with us having averaged a whopping one line a minute. Pari passed back our quiz. I looked at my score. I was going to have to start learning Greek fast because this was the one course where you actually had to pass tests to pass the class. U’ilani was on her way out, so I forgot my test and fell in step with her. 
“Hey, U’ilani. I've been admiring your henna.”
“Thanks.”
“You mind if I ask...” I left the rest unsaid. 
“What?”
“Oh,” I said, laughing. “I was just hoping you would tell me everything about the whole thing.”
“It's henna, obviously. Turkish. I buy it online. It fades in about three weeks.”
“Yours never fade.”
“I redo the designs every Saturday.”
“The same ones?”
“Not always. Sometimes I change them up.”
“Why?” I asked as we stepped from inside the Seminar II building out into the sunlight baking Red Square. If this had been any other quarter, the square would have been packed with students snatching sunshine. This was summer. They were all back home. I had decided that was why the summer quarter was my favorite. Too bad I had waited until my second to last quarter of college to figure that out. 
“You're going to think it's stupid,” U’ilani mumbled. I stopped in the middle of the square. U’ilani had to do the same. 
“I know you don't know me very well. Or at all. But if you did, you would know that I don't find that many things stupid. Even if I did, I highly doubt this would be one of them.”
“They're my grandmother's designs. She used to watch me when I was little. The boys in the village received permanent tattoos as they passed into manhood. Girls weren't allowed, so she gave me henna instead. Whenever we used to go anywhere, she would draw henna designs on my hands. To protect me, she said.”
“From what?”
U’ilani laughed. “See? This is where... from monsters. She said they would protect me from monsters. I know. It's crazy. She was superstitious. We're not from one of those tourist islands. A small village in Hawaii that didn't get electricity or running water until after World War II. It was the kind of place where no one went out at night because you never knew what would be out there. Whenever I was bad, she tried to tell me stories about children who would ignore the warnings and go out anyway. If they were lucky, the adults would find them the next day. You know, drained of blood, or tore apart by animal bites, or just pure white and ice cold. If the children weren't lucky, they would become one of those monsters. You will always be scared and hunted, she told me, and alone. These would protect me from that,” U’ilani said, holding up her hands. 
“Do they?”
“Are you serious?
“Yeah. I mean you still do them. And you wouldn't be telling me all this if you were a vampire or werewolf or something else,” I said, looking up at the sun and thinking about Haruki.
“I don't... I don't believe in that stuff.”
“Then why do you still have them?”
“They remind me of my grandmother. Who she was. What she taught me. Who she tried to help me be. Some people have necklaces or earrings. I have this,” U’ilani said, looking down at her hands. I reached out and touched her, touched the henna designs, the protection runes. She let me feel them. I felt nothing but soft skin. She wasn't Luna, or the runes worked. Or I wasn't monster, or they didn't work. 
“Maybe you could do some on me sometime. To protect me.”
“Against what?”
“Evil,” I said, thinking of Kachada and Theron and all the bad guys I hadn't met yet. 
“They don't work that way. You can't protect against all evil. Even if you could, there are so few purely good things and people in this world. You would probably just keep everyone with even a little evil away, which is pretty much everyone. Like I said, I don't wear them to protect me. I just do whatever I feel like in the moment.”
“This is going to sound kind of weird, but could you give a copy of the kinds of designs you have and what they protect against? I might want to check out and see if they work.”
“I don't know. Like I said–”
“Nevermind. Just keep doing them,” I said. You never knew when you might need them in Olympia. I took a step toward the bus. “They look beautiful on you. I'll see you in class.”
“I'm sorry. I can still do them. I just don't want you to–”
“Don't worry about it,” I shouted over my shoulder. The bus driver had just started up the bus. 
“Okay. Bye, Celeste,” she shouted back. I boarded the bus and found a window seat. I kinda felt bad leaving U’ilani so abruptly, but I had to get ready for when Iris and I went out later. I glanced back at the square. 
U’ilani was looking in my direction. I waved to her just as a guy in a hoodie came up to her. She waved back before turning her attention to him. She looked surprised but started talking to him anyway. The bus pulled away. I didn't feel so bad. 

Iris and I had got a house together. More accurately, Iris had got a house, and she let me rent the extra room. I hadn't really planned past the end of summer, so I didn't know what I would do once Haruki got back. I was following a common if unsuccessful tactic: hope everything worked itself out before you have to do something. 
The house didn't feel like home to me yet. I didn't know if it ever would, or if I wanted it to. When you round the final turn in a race, you forget all that came before. You can only concentrate on the finish line and everything it takes to get there. What I tended to forget was that the longer track races all finished where they started, the circle complete after one or four or twenty five laps. 
When Iris had decided to stay in Olympia over the summer, instead of returning home, her father had cut off her spending money. He paid her rent and tuition, nothing more. Iris did the sensible thing, surprising me again, by landing a part time job with the city's parks and rec department. It meant she had to work weekends and a couple hours after class each day. I was proud of her and had told her so. She had looked embarrassed. 
I was struggling to translate more of Plato when Iris stepped into my open doorway. “Where do you want to go tonight?” I asked without looking up. 
“I think I saw Theron.” That got me to look up. He had texted Iris once with one of those ominous vague better-watch-your-back threats. We had texted back that if tried anything we were going to the police. Then nothing. No texts. No word. If he had just been some guy, I would have forgotten about him. He wasn't. He was Theron. He had turn Giselle into Luna and tried to turn Iris into one as well. Now he was back. Maybe. 
“Define think?”
“I was walking to my car after class. There was this guy in the parking lot. He wasn't doing anything, just hanging out by his car. He was looking at me. He was far away, and he was wearing sunglasses and a hoodie, so I couldn't really tell.”
“But you think he was Theron.”
“He kinda looked like him. Like if Theron was older, or he had an older brother.”
“Did he follow you when you left?”
“No. I saw him go toward campus in my mirror.”
“Wait. What color was his hoodie?”
“Black. Why?” Iris said. Because that was the same color hoodie the guy talking to U’ilani was wearing and he had started talking to her right after I had. 
“Do you have U’ilani's number?”
“Who?”
“Girl in our class with the...” I rubbed the back of my hand as I looked around for my cell. I called Pari. If it was Theron, I hoped it wasn't too late. 
I wanted to call U’ilani myself, but Pari wouldn't let me. Admittedly, it would have looked weird after our earlier conversation and considering I wasn't suppose to have her number. I filled Iris in on my conversation with U’ilani while we waited. 
“But why would Theron come here now. And why would he be talking with her?”
There were two possible reasons. Theron was here to finished what he started or to get revenge for Iris jilting him. Or something was happening to him that forced him to do something. Was that three things, or were they all the same?
“I don't know,” I said. It was only half a lie. If it was him, it was definitely bad. 
“You think they're friends? Why would they be friends?”
“They're not. Theron is using her to get to us.”
“You mean me.”
“I was there, too. I told him off just like you did.”
My phone rang. It was Pari. Everything seemed to be fine for now. U’ilani was at home. She was alone and had been. Pari hadn't asked specifically about Theron although she did get U’ilani to promise to stay in for the rest of the night and to go to campus early tomorrow. 

Pari had the only open office door this early on a summer morning. U’ilani was already there. They were talking in Latin – literally. It took me a second to realize it wasn't Greek. Iris and I tried to act completely surprised. I don't think it worked very well. 
“U’ilani, you're here early. If that Latin is getting you extra credit, I might just have to quit this class.” 
“No. We were just...” U’ilani stood up and turned to Pari. “I should let you get back to work.” 
“Great. I was just going to drop this off. You hungry? Iris is hungry, right?”
“I'm always hungry.”
“Our little furnace, we call her. Actually I just made that up right now, but you get the point.”
“I'm not really a breakfast person,” she replied. 
“Coffee then. Or sunshine. You can't be against all good things in life.” She hesitated again. Something had happened yesterday. “What? Do I smell?”
“No. Okay, coffee.” 
“Perfect,” I said. I pulled out my homework from last night and handed it to Pari. She took it. Iris and U’ilani led the way out. I glanced back at Pari to make sure she didn't have anything to tell me, but she was already looking over my homework with a frown on her face. 
The sun was splitting through some of the trees and buildings. The three of us causally crossed Red Square toward the potential refreshments inside the CAB. Iris asked U’ilani about her Latin. I glanced around. Assuming Theron knew our schedule, which I did, he would know we didn't have class until the afternoon. If he knew where we lived, which I assumed he didn't, then he might have already followed us to campus. I didn't see him, which made me feel only slightly better. 
“Thanks for buying, Celeste.”
“No problem,” I said. One time wouldn't break my bank account. A few more on the other hand just might. Miyako had stopped sending Haruki money when he died. It basically meant that I was supporting us on my inheritance from a year and a half ago. I had blown through my savings from my job last summer. It had seemed like so much money at the time. Then I had decided to live: rent, tuition, food, journeys halfway across the country to ask questions about being a Luna. The expenses added up fast. It helped having Iris on a budget too. It would have sucked to always be the one shooting down fun plans because I couldn't afford to go. 
“You know, if you want some help sometime... with Greek. I could help you.”
“Me, too?” Iris asked. “I don't get these different letters. It's like math. I came to this school so I didn't have to do math.”
“Yeah, no problem,” she said, smiling. It would have been easier if she wasn't smiling. I didn't want to ruin her day by asking my questions. Then again, I didn't want to ruin her life by not asking my questions. 
“So, U’ilani. Pretty cute guy, huh?”
“Who?”
“The guy you were talking to right after I left yesterday.”
“No. He was...”
“Was what?”
“I don't want to be mean.”
“We're all girls here. What was he? Creepy? Scary? Bad BO?” Iris asked. 
“He said he was your friend, Celeste.”
“What?”
“Yeah. He asked me if it was you I was just talking to. I said yes. Then he said that you were friends from Seattle. That he was just in town and he couldn't believe he just missed you. He asked me if I knew where you lived. I told him I didn't. Then he...” U’ilani swallowed. She tried to take a sip of her coffee, but her hand trembled too much.  
“It's okay,” I said. I put my hand on her knee in what I hoped was comfort. “You didn't go somewhere with him, did you?” She shook her head no. “Then everything is going to be fine. What happened next.”
“He asked me how I knew you. I told him, and we just started talking. We found a corner table down there.” U’ilani nodded toward the ground level. “I mean he was old. He wasn't attractive. I knew he thought I was flirting with him because I was talking to him. I wasn't. I couldn't help it. He was listening. He wanted to hear what I was saying. I had to tell him. When I was ready to go, he tried to come with me. I told him no. He stepped close to me and I thought he was going to grab me or hit me. Instead he stared me in the eye and whispered. 'You never asked my name, U’ilani,' he said. 'I'm sorry,' I said. 'It's Theron. When I'm done with you, you'll never forget it. None of you will.' I backed away. I was about to scream, but he just gave me this sick smile and left. I told campus security. They said they would try to find him.”
“Good. About telling security,” I said. Now that we knew he was in Olympia, and planning to stay, maybe they could do something. “Did your tattoos do anything? Did he say anything about them?”
“No.”
“You might want to find that notebook and see if anything can protect against...”   
“What is he?” Exactly. I shrugged. I almost asked U’ilani if Pari knew, but I decided it was better if she heard it from me.  
“He's crazy,” I said, standing up. “If you see him, do whatever you would do if a psycho was coming after you. Because one is.” 
“How old do you think he was?” Iris asked, not budging. She didn't need to come with me to see Pari. I had just assumed she would. 
“Forty or fifty. He was starting to get gray hair on his sides.”
“Celeste...” 
“What?”
“He was late twenties, maybe thirty when we saw him in Seattle.” 
“I know.”
“That was like two weeks ago. How did he get so old so fast?”
“How did he turn Giselle into a Luna? I don't know.” But I was damn sure it was all connected. And, I was pretty sure it meant this was going to get worse before it got better. I still had enough optimism from escaping Theron once to not qualify the last statement with an 'if.' “I was going to go, you know, get backup.”
“And leave U’ilani alone?” Iris asked. 
“Theron doesn't know we're at school yet.”
“You don't know that.”
“It's okay,” U’ilani said. “I can –” 
“No,” Iris said. “Sit down, Celeste.” I obeyed because I had never hear Iris use that tone of voice before. “We're sticking together. If Theron wants us alone, that's exactly what we won't give him.”
“We can't stay together all the time.”
“Why not?”
“You have work, and U’ilani has something.”
“No,” U’ilani. “I just have school and homework.” 
“Well, are we going to include our backup in this?”
“Pari.”
“Yes, Pari,” I acknowledged now that Iris had brought her name into it as well. 
“U’ilani is part of this now whether she wants to be or not. She has a right to know what's going on.”
She knows now, I didn't say. Yesterday Iris hadn't even known her name. Today, well, today she did and that was pretty much all that was different. It wasn't that I didn't trust Iris. I did. It wasn't that I thought U’ilani was working with Theron or just plain bad news. She wasn't. It was that I didn't trust Iris's judgment when it came to other people's moral characters. 
“Besides, it won't be for very long.”
“Why not?” I said. 
“Because we're going to go after him. I'm tired of people always trying to hurt us. It's about time we hurt them back.”
I had to smile. I couldn't agree with her more, and I had underestimated her again. She was learning and growing and finding herself. There was one great thing I saw in her that I needed. She realized when she made a mistake. But she didn't hide from it. She tried to make it right. 
“Okay,” I said. I resisted the urge to put my hand out to start a rallying cry or football cheer. It felt good to be taking Theron on. It wasn't saving Giselle, and maybe it wasn't even saving us now that we knew it was him. It was saving every girl he may turn if we didn't stop him. That was why Iris was doing it. She was doing it for who she used to be. She was doing it for U’ilani. She was doing it for all the girls that couldn't or wouldn't stand up for themselves. For the first time since Iris had betrayed me, and perhaps since I had known her, I thought she might be a better person than me. 

We told Pari about the plan. Well, it really wasn't a plan yet. It was too vague to be considered a plan. It was a idea, a concept. Pari agreed to help us as we knew she would. She did have one suggestion – that we get some outside professional help. 
“Like assassins?” Iris asked. 
“No,” Pari replied. “Assassins are killers. I don't think we want a killer.”
“Yet,” I added. “Plus, assassins are political. This is personal. They would be more like mercenaries.”
“Regardless of what we call them, I know people familiar in dealing with men like Theron.”
“What kind of men is that? Crazy Luna makers or just pervs?”
“Men the law can't or won't touch. They will deal with him.”
“How are they going to deal with him without killing him? Are they going to throw him in a private prison somewhere?”
“Not every problem must be solved by violence. They will do what it takes to keep us safe just like we are doing for each other right now.”
“Excuse me,” U’ilani said for the first time. “I know I'm new at this, but don't mercenaries work for money? How are we going to pay them?”
“Good question. Pari,” I said, turning to hear the answer. 
“They don't charge. They must make their money in other ways.”
“So they just do 'cause they want to. That sounds an awful lot like a couple guys that were just here.”
“It was a suggestion,” Pari snapped. “I am not your mother, Celeste. You do not have to take my advice. If you think you can take on Theron alone, then go ahead. I won't stop you. As your friend, I will support you any way I can, but do not expect me to stand beside you if you run ahead alone.”
I stared her down. Pari had never talked to me that way before. I had sniped at her, but I didn't think it was that bad. We had had discussions and disagreements, and hell, even arguments. This wasn't any of those. It was an attack. Was Theron doing this? Was his mere presence in Olympia tearing us apart? 
“Stop it,” Iris said. “We're not fighting each other. We're sticking together. And we're going to get Theron out of Olympia one way or another. Agreed?”
“I'm not going anywhere,” I said, finally looking away from Pari. 
“Neither am I,” Pari added. 
“Okay. Pari, I want you to find out why Theron is getting so old so fast. U’ilani, I want you to try and find any tattoos that may protect us. Celeste, call Lupe and see if he has any ideas. I'm going to figure out a plan to stop Theron.”
Like that, Iris put an end to the meeting. So much for sticking together. We left Pari alone to do her research. Our house would be the base of operations, if Pari felt like coming around instead of just calling or texting. U’ilani actually had no problem with coming over – or staying for that matter. She still lived with her parents in Tacoma. She took the express bus down every day. Except that it took an hour, it was a great deal for 75 cents. Apparently, she had just graduated high school less than two months ago. I should have recognized the freshman signs. It didn't matter now. After this Theron deal, she would be older. 
Iris retreated to her room to think. U’ilani had brought her notebook with all the designs and descriptions. It would have bothered me that she conveniently had it with her today, but considering what had happened, it made sense. I left her to the research and closed my bedroom door. I called Lupe, then Haruki, and got the same answer from both: nothing. 
Any word on what Nisha might be? I texted Lupe before putting my phone back in my pocket. I didn't think there would be. Haruki would have told if they had found anything out about her. Yeah. In the same way I had told him about Theron. 
My door opened. I snapped my neck too hard turning to see who it was. Iris. “Could you give me a little warning –”
Iris held up her phone. “It's Theron.” 
“Calling you?”
“Texting me.”
“What's he saying?” Iris handed me her phone. There were a collection of texts. She had been replying to him. 
Hello, Iris. 
Who is this?
Have you forgot my name already?
No, Tea. Or do you prefer Theron?
LOL. I saw you talking to Corey. 
We figured it out before that. We know who you are. What you are. 
What am I?
Old man monster. 
LOL. You haven't seen what I can do yet. What I will do to you and all your friends. 
You haven't seen what I can do yet. 
I can see it right now. 
Whatever.
Green cargo shorts. White flirty t-shirt. Messy hair. That was the last text. Iris was wearing the green shorts and white t-shirt. Her hair was messy from running her hand through it during class. I handed the phone back to her. 
“He could have seen you at school,” I said. “You haven't changed.”
“He could have followed us back here.”
“Then why tell us?”
“To scare us.”
“Exactly. He can't scare us unless we feel scared. If he could do anything to us here, he would. He can't, so he's trying to scare us instead.” 
The phone beeped with another message. I looked over her should as Iris checked it. 
Say hi to Celeste for me.
“See?” Iris said. 
“Lucky guess. You want to fight him? Fight him.” 
I hear or see you again, you will regret it. Iris texted him back. 
I look forward to it. See you soon, Iris. 
“What did Lupe say?”
“Nothing yet,” I replied. I followed Iris back into the living room. U’ilani was almost to the end of her notebook. 
“Anything?”
“Not for sure. If I knew more about him –” Iris waved her silent. 
“Doesn't matter. I sort of got a plan.” 
“I'd rather you have a real plan.”
“We don't have time for that. I think Theron is desperate. That makes him dangerous but also means that he won't see a trap. We're going to need a couple days to make sure he will come, but I think I know how we can get rid of him for a while.”
“A while?”
“If he keeps getting older, he has to die, right?”
“That's a lot of ifs,” I said. 
“What else do we have?” Iris asked. Right now? Nothing. 

Two days later, we still had nothing better. Lupe and Haruki hadn't come through with any new insights on Luna makers. Pari could only contribute that we shouldn't consider Theron like us. Whatever he was, we shouldn't feel guilty for doing what we had to do to get rid of him. I wasn't worried about that. I was worried about this plan. 
Iris worked down at Percival Landing Park. There was the boardwalk, a couple bathrooms, the fountain, and playground. It was about as public a place as you were going to get in Olympia. It was the kind of place where Theron would never consider making a move – unless he was as desperate as Iris thought he was. That's where it would all go down. 
The plan was simple enough. We would set a trap for Theron and then spring it. It was the details that were complicated. First, he had to show up at the park. Second, he had to get violent with Iris but not too violent. So that third, I could call the cops on him and they could arrest his ass. There was no honor nor nobility in it, just good old fashion jail bait. After Iris, U’ilani, and I filled complaints, Theron wouldn't be able to bail his way out of jail for months. If we were lucky and Iris was right, he would keep growing old until he died and solved our problem. If not, it would at least buy us more time to figure out a real plan.  
Like every other plan in the history of the world, reality made our perfectly laid plan less perfect and less well laid. Pari was vehemently against it. She didn't think Theron would make a move if we keep sticking together. So just wait. Wait for what? The cavalry? There was no cavalry coming. We were on our own. Iris told her no again. We would take care of this ourselves. Still, Pari had her part in the plan, whether she liked or wanted or not. She was my alibi. We needed Theron to think we hadn't meant to leave Iris alone at work. 
It was the night of the trap. When I thought about it, I realized how pulpy it sounded. Iris, U’ilani, and I talked in the middle of Red Square for a bit. It was all for Theron's benefit. Then, I headed toward Pari's office while Iris and U’ilani went to her car. They drove downtown so Iris could work, and Theron could follow them. I didn't go to Pari's office. I looped around and caught the bus downtown. The Oyster House was right next to the park. From inside, I could see the areas Iris would be walking, waiting for Theron to come. It also overlooked the most secluded part of the boardwalk. It was the spot. 
The hostess gave me that condescending look they give people they think can't afford to run up a tab which means less tip for them. I didn't blame her. She was right. I ordered a water and the cheapest appetizer on the menu. It was still more than I would have paid anywhere else. I put my cell phone on the table. At least I had remembered to fully charge it. And I waited. 
Iris did her job, walking the boardwalk picking up the couple pieces of trash that had accumulated since the last time she walked by. She looked so cute in her parks and rec t-shirt, her hair escaping from under a baseball hat. U’ilani walked with her, chatting, presumably about nothing important. Their eyes met mine on the way back, but they didn't acknowledge me. My food came, and I nibbled at it, waiting. 
“Celeste,” a man said behind me. I froze, breath catching in my throat, heart doubling its beats to flood my nervous system with the chemicals that would allow me to survive. I glanced over my shoulder expecting to see Theron. Instead, it was the last man I expected to see on earth. 
Haruki's father: Duncan Babajide Wallace. 
I had no words for him, just a stare. My body rushed to change gears to address this new information, or threat. Was he is a threat? Why was he here? The last, and only, time I had seen him was in the funeral parlor as we both looked down at Haruki. He had left without even a goodbye. Forever, I had assumed. Forever never seemed to last that long with me. 
“Can I sit down?” Duncan asked, sliding into the seat across from me before I could answer. 
“What are you doing here?” I hadn't meant it to come out accusatory, but Iris was about to be alone out there with only me and my cell phone standing between her and the bottom of the Puget Sound. 
“I had a business lunch here. I forgot my cell phone. I had to come back to get it. I thought I recognized the back of your head.” He forced a laugh.  
“Yeah,” I said, remembering why he would recognize it. “I didn't think you lived around here.”
“I don't. I was just in town meeting a potential client. The negotiation didn't go as I hoped. How are you... holding up?”
When people had first asked me that, it had difficult. I knew the truth, and they didn't, and I couldn't tell them the truth. I had developed a standard reply that worked. I fumbled it now because Duncan had paused before adding the hold up part. It was as if he wasn't sure that I knew what he was referring to. Maybe I wasn't. 
I looked out the window. Iris was alone. U’ilani had received her imaginary phone call to leave. Soon, she would join me after driving around the block a few times to make sure Theron hadn't decided to follow her instead of staying with Iris. 
“Fine.” It wasn't my usual answer, but it was all I could think of in the moment. 
“Really?”
“What?” I said, turning away from the window. His stare was intense without being frightening or overbearing. He knew I was lying. More importantly, he actually seemed to care. He turned to look out the window. Iris was making her way along the boardwalk toward us, toward the spot. Duncan picked up my phone. “Hey. Mr. Wallace, I need that.” He ignored me. 
He started punching numbers into my phone as Iris got closer. “I'm not very good at talking about feelings,” he said. 
She stopped at the edge of the most vulnerable spot, leaning against the railing. “I have a friend that is.” 
I reached for my phone knowing she needed me now, but Duncan pulled it back out of reach. “Her name is Sage.” 
An old man wearing clothes more fit for a 20-year old caught my eye. “I'm putting her number in here.” 
I knew it was Theron even before he stopped right next to Iris. “You can call her anytime you want.” 
Iris turned to him, the surprise and understanding flashing across her face. “She'll listen to you or talk to you.” 
Theron grabbed Iris by the arm, squeezing enough to her hurt her as she struggled. “Whatever you need.”
“Duncan, I really need my phone right now,” I said, futilely grabbing his wrist, his quickness surprising me more than his strength. 
Iris was panic; I was helplessness; Theron was desperation. “I'm putting her emergency number in here, too.” 
Iris fought like a banshee; I rose like a rocket; Theron collapsed like a feather. “In case you ever need help.” 
She stepped back in horror and blood and incomprehension and relief. “Or you just have a tough problem.”
Duncan handed me back my phone as he stood up. “It was good seeing you again, Celeste.” He left me standing there, just like he had in the funeral parlor, except this time, I knew we would see each other again. I could see another dead body, just like in the funeral parlor, except this time, I wasn't sad about it. There were unanswered questions, just like in the funeral parlor, except this time, I would get a chance to ask them. 
“Celeste, who was that?” U’ilani came up to me. Even if I had wanted to tell her, I would have had to explain about Haruki and his dying and his relationship with his father and a bunch of other things that didn't make sense now, but that I would try to sort that all out later on. 
Right now, Iris was standing outside shell shocked on the boardwalk, a dead body at her feet, sirens seconds from sounding. “Iris,” I said, not waiting for her to figure out what I meant. I dashed outside, not paying and ignoring the waitress's protest. On the creaky wooden boards, U’ilani sounded behind me. We reached Iris. The expected sirens still hadn't broken the typical city rumble. I looked around, hoping to spot the killer, but he was long gone. 
 U’ilani stepped around me to touch the stunned Iris. Blood covered the top of her shirt and dotted her face. I finally saw what I must have looked like when the arrow had gone through Haruki. There was more blood here, but my look must have been the same. 
“Iris are you okay?” U’ilani asked. What a question. Physically she might have been. It wasn't her blood. Emotionally? Well, then again, she had seen me shot in the chest. Although I tended to think that even then she cared more about me than she ever had for Theron. If the body was Theron. 
I knelt down as sirens finally pierced the air. He had landed awkwardly, his knees folded over each other, one arm trapped behind his back, his face on its side, his eyes open staring out at the water as his blood dripped down the board into it. Whatever that represented. He was old, his hair more salt than pepper, wrinkles everywhere, and scruff that made him look like a bum. Through it all, I could still tell. U’ilani had been right. He had aged years in weeks but still. 
It was Theron. 
We had just enough time to get Iris aware enough to agree to stick to the plan. It helped that it was mostly the truth, minus the part where we set up Theron. The police arrived, quickly since Olympia was a small town and it wasn't everyday someone got shot in broad daylight. They cordoned off the boardwalk. They questioned everyone inside the Oyster House, including the waitress who reminded me once again that I hadn't paid. I tipped her extra, the reasons too many to count. 
Finally, the police questioned us. U’ilani got off lightly since she had the formal complaint against Theron already. Plus, people remembered her walking in as everything was going down. They took pictures of her tattoos and then let her go. They questioned Iris about what she had seen, but they didn't suspect her. The bullets, silenced apparently, had come from behind Theron. Conveniently, they had been hollow pointed, or something, so they rattled around his body instead of piercing through to hit Iris. The paramedics cleaned her up and sent her on her way. 
The police weren't so easy, or kind, with me. It might have been the mistake of lying to them about talking with Duncan as the killing was happening. The waitress got her revenge despite my tip. More likely, it was the fact that this was the fourth murder scene I had been at in the last year. I had been the first witness for Newman, the second for Magnus, and the only for Haruki. I had no motivations for wanting Newman or Haruki dead. 
“I actually had active motivations for wanting them alive. They were my friends.”
“Most victims are killed by someone they know.”
“I'm not saying that most dead people aren't. I'm just saying it wasn't me.”
“What about Magnus and this Theron character?”
“Just because I didn't like them, doesn't mean I wanted them dead.”
“A lot of murderers say that. Helps them sleep at night.”
“You have no physical evidence pointing to anybody.”
That was why they were still unsolved, and why this one would be no different. They either had evidence without motivation or motivation without evidence. However, they did have one piece that linked everything together. As the detective told me, there were coincidences, and then there was me. 
Thankfully, coincidences weren't enough to hold me. They let me go after hours of questions without my story changing too much. It probably helped that they couldn't figure out who Theron was. Plus, obviously, I hadn't pulled the trigger personally. 
The cops kicked me out into the dark. The buses had stopped running. The bars were sounding last call, the drunks clamoring for one last drink. I called my friends, to see how they were and whether they could give me a ride. Iris was in no shape to drive, and U’ilani thought it best to stay with her. That meant if I didn't want to walk I had to call Pari. Normally, that wouldn't have been a big deal, but tonight, or technically morning now, there was trepidation where there hadn't been before. 
I didn't call her. The walk wasn't too far, and I wasn't in the mood to question her after being questioned myself. There was time enough for that tomorrow. There was no hurry now with Theron dead. Would he stay dead though? Would a Luna maker resurrect like a Luna at the next dark moon? If he did, we wouldn't know for month. A sliver of the waxing crescent moon hung in the sky as I reached the bridge to west Olympia. I stuck my thumb out and the first car coming by stopped to pick me up. He didn't look drunk, so I let him drive me to the top of the hill. 
U’ilani was asleep on the sofa when I came in. She looked like she had tried to stay up and failed. I glanced into Iris's room. She was curled up under her covers despite the summer heat. At first she reminded me of a child scared of the dark, which I could totally understand. The longer I looked though, the more she appeared exhausted than scared. She was the fighter after a fight, the athlete after a game, the student after a test. The trial was over, but relief had not yet turned the tension and determination into peace. 
It would in time – at least until the next trial. 

No matter how I did it, Pari was going to have time to prepare, if she hadn't already. If I went to her office, she wouldn't let us talk there. She would have the time it took us to walk some place private. If I set up a meeting, she would know something was up. She would have the time between the call and talking with me. I decided on the easiest route. She could come pick me up, and we could talk in her car somewhere. 
We ended up driving out pass the college to the end of Cooper's Point road. There was no where to go but the side of the road. That was all we needed. We sat in silence for a long time, me trying to decide what question I was going to ask, Pari thinking only she knew what. 
“How did you know?”
“Know what?”
“You're too smart to play dumb, Pari.”
“Olympia is a small town. Word travels fast.”
“An unnamed old man is shot in downtown, and you instantly know it's Theron who just three weeks ago looked about as old as you. You knew-knew. You didn't guess. You didn't even call any of us to make sure we were alright. You were waiting at the house when Iris and U’ilani got back. Waiting!”
“You want me to tell you I knew they were going to kill him? That I was waiting at the house because I knew that they would need me. Because I knew you wouldn't –”
“I want you to tell me the truth.”
“I tried to, Celeste. You wouldn't listen,” she said. Had she? Wouldn't I? I tried to remember back to the pertinent conversation. Pari had wanted to involve some mercenaries. 
“You said you weren't going to call those guys.”
“I never said that. I said if you wanted to take on Theron alone, I wouldn't stop you. But you didn't. You dragged Iris and U’ilani with you.”
“It was Iris's idea.”
“It was a horrible one. You nearly got her hurt, killed, or worse. It would have solved nothing. You failed her.”
“I was there with her. We were together. Where were you?”
“Saving her and you. You have to know when to ask for help and accept it. You tried to solve your problems by yourself and Haruki died because of it.”
I could have slapped her for that. I very nearly did, except the look in her eye told me she wanted me to. It would prove she was right. So I hurt her instead. 
“And Newman died because he was helping you.” Not technically true, but close enough. I had been there to cradle Newman in my arms while he lay dying and Pari had not and that was all she was remembering now. Anger followed by hurt and finally sadness flashed across her face. She turned away, not wanting to show me her pain or shame. “I'm sorry.”
“I deserved it,” Pari said, breaking the everlasting moments of tense wordlessness. “I didn't know they would kill him.” 
“Was Duncan in on it?”
“Who?” Pari asked. Five minutes ago, I would have assumed she was lying for some unknown reason. Now, I just assumed she knew we could never go back to the way it was. 
“How do you know them?”
“I don't. I called Yun. He called someone else. They came. I told them your plan, and what Theron looked like. They said they would take care of it.”
They did. Every ending left an opening for a new beginning. What would this opening lead to? What new journey would I be going on? Who would I be going with? 

Summer Break II

It was marginally more pleasant in northern Florida than southern Florida during the summer. It didn't particularly matter since neither place was the Pacific Northwest. We had crossed the state, almost from tip to tip. Two things remained constant: the sun and our ignorance.   
Lupe and I had left Port Charlotte after my meeting with Nisha. Since we had no leads, one direction was as good as another. We went south to Key West, the childhood home of my father. He had talked about it on occasion, mainly to mention the reasons why he had to get out. It seemed nice enough a place to me. Then again, we all have our own ideas of paradise, what we want to do and who we want to be. 
The town had probably completely changed since my father lived there as a child. If he had returned at anytime in the last twenty five odd years, no one remembered him. It had been a long shot, too much to hope for, but it was all the hope I had. My grandmother had long since moved away or died or both. People couldn't remember her either. This was how we were, shadows in the street disappearing with the moving of the earth. 
Finding people who knew Giselle had been easier. It certainly helped that it had only been a few years since she was in the area. We went up to her old Catholic girls school, the Virgin Mary's. The sisters wouldn't let us in because we were men. One of them was kind enough to mention that Giselle had contacted no one there since leaving. She hadn't heard of Kachada or Vincent either, but she did give us the name of the old priest that had done the sacraments during Giselle's time. 
The priest had retired, as far as priests could retire. He remembered Giselle which surprised Lupe but not me. If I had known a priest, I would have asked him questions about being a Luna. That's exactly what Giselle had done. She had waited though until she was away from the sisters. First she asked him about Theron, but he hadn't heard from him then or since. He was ignorant about Luna as well; however, he had suggested she visit some of the darker pagan artists. I couldn't tell if he had done it because he thought she was good, or beautiful, or if he thought he was sending her off into the devil's hands where she belonged. It didn't matter now.  
It seemed like a dead end. People had known Giselle while she was here, but no one knew where she had gone after she left. We went back further into her past. She had had friends at the school she attended before Virgin Mary's. Her classmates were scattered to the winds now, but the one we wanted to talk to was still in Florida and close. 
Anna had been her best friend before betraying her. After all Giselle had gone through with Theron and the sisters, that betrayal may not have seemed so important. We found Anna at Florida State University. She was finishing up her master's degree in psychology. 
“No offense, but –” 
“When people say that it tends to mean they are about to offend you,” Anna interrupted me. 
“I can't control if you are offended, but I don't mean to. I just find it ironic that you are studying psychology considering what Giselle told me about your relationship with her.”
“No one knows anything at sixteen.”
“We just think that we do,” I replied. Anna laughed a little. It was clinical, controlled as to not give anything away. 
“What do you two... young men want with Giselle?”
“We want to find her.”
“I haven't seen her in five years.” It should have been eight or nine, not five. That meant Anna had seen Giselle after she became a Luna. 
“Where did she go after you last saw her?”
“I don't know.” It was a half lie. Her answer was too slow and too controlled.
“Do you know who we work for?”
“Work for?”
“We work for no one. We're her friends, and she's in trouble, and we're trying to help her. We can only do that if you helped us. What happened to her? Why did she leave?”
“I don't know.”
“Yes, you do. You're lying. If you weren't you would have been asking why she was in trouble and if she was alright, but you're not. You're hiding something and my guess is it's your fault that Kachada took her.”
“I... It wasn't my fault. It's not. Giselle came to me. I hadn't seen her since she moved to the other school. I thought she was just going to FSU, too. She needed a place to stay, so I let her sleep in my dorm for a while. She would be gone all day, then come back and sleep. I didn't ask what she was doing, but... there was this guy. We were facebook friends since he could get you anything for a party.”
“Drugs?”
“Anything,” Anna continued. “I guess that's how he met Giselle. He tried hanging out with her, promising her stuff. You know how it is. I guess she believed him. When she didn't come back a couple nights, I called him. He said she had sent him a text saying she was going back to Brazil.”
“And you believed him?”
“No. I reported her missing. I talked to the cops. They searched his phone. Apparently there was a text, so they dropped it. If the cops don't do anything, what am I going to do? She was weird anyway.”
“Where can we find this guy?” I asked. Giselle had called him her Judas, but she had never said his name. He would have been the first one we questioned if we could have found him. Now, we could. 
But would we? Lupe and I left Anna and walked across campus. Even in summer, there were more students roaming about then Evergreen ever saw. Lupe veered off the path to stand under a tree, the shade lowering the temperature a fraction. I stopped, but stayed in the sun, letting it infuse me with power for what was to come. 
“Haruki, I have to go back to Olympia soon. Classes are going to start. If this guy can't tell us...”
“I know.”
“You need to come back, too.”
“I'm supposed to be dead, remember? I can't go to class.”
“That's not why you have to come back. Celeste needs you,” Lupe said. 
“And I need answers,” I replied. Celeste understood that. That was why I loved her. She understood what I was, all that I went through. She understood why I was doing this. I was doing this for her, for us, so that we could be together in a way we both wanted. The knowledge we would gain, or could gain if I was a persistent, would last the rest of our lives. That was worth a few more days apart. 
“What good are answers if you have no one to share them with?”
“Celeste doesn't graduated until the end of the fall quarter. Besides, she's safer without me around.”
Lupe stared at me. There was an intensity to his eyes, judgment, anger, regret, and maybe just a dot of sadness. We had come so far together, literally and emotionally, and he still didn't understand. Maybe he never would. I didn't blame him. Almost no one could. 
“Did I ever tell you the story of my first date?” I shook my head no. “I was sixteen. It was summer vacation for the rich kids and harvest season for me. Every morning, my cousin would drive us to the orchards or fields. He was FOB – fresh off the boat. The only English he knew he got from watching movies or listening to the radio. He would always listen to country music. Why? I don't know. It was his thing. 
“There used to be this morning show in Tacoma – Li and Lana. They talked, cracked jokes, and played pop-country music. Lana was young, barely out of college. She had this great voice, and whenever she talked about her dating troubles, I couldn't believe what guy would be such an idiot to disappoint this girl. One day, they were talking about this marriage website. Li said that Lana should go on there. I remembered her reply because I couldn't stop laughing for the rest of the drive. She said, Forget the husband, I'd settle for a warm body right now. 
“I thought of myself as a poet back then. I even had the this scraggy beard to go with it. I wrote her a poem. I sent it to the studio along with a picture of me and my e-mail address. A week later, I went out with her. A blind date. I didn't even know what she looked like. I brought her stargazer. Turns out it was her favorite flower. We hung out and had fun and I thought this is what everyone is talking about it. 
“We set up a second date. Because of her schedule, she has to go to bed early, so I push the time up. I want more time with her. I had a school thing. It goes overtime. Traffic is horrible on top of that. I get there forty minutes late. She's gone. She writes me later and accepts my excuse and apology. A few days later, I hear her on the radio talking about me. She waited 35 minutes. 35 minutes! You know what she said? She said she waited that long because she didn't want to be the girl that left early. I lost her because I didn't go to her when I should have. She waited, but she didn't wait forever.” 
“Why didn't you call her to tell her you would be late?” I asked. Lupe looked at me, daggers or disappointment shooting from his eyes. He shook his head. 
“Whatever,” he said, leaving the shade of the tree. “Lets go find this motherfucker.” 
His name was Barrett, and he still hadn't learned his lesson. When the cops questioned him about Giselle, it hadn't been the first or last time they would investigate his poor choices. He had done what they call a spell-in-the-joint, not to be confused with actual magic or drugs. Now, he was still doing all the same things, consequences be damned. And damned they were. 
Barrett had a condo on the upper floor of a building overlooking the FSU campus. The lobby door was locked. We tried using the intercom to call Barrett. It was almost noon, but he sounded mostly asleep. Lupe gave a convincing impression of a druggie in need of a fix, cursing and mumbling included. At least, I thought it was convincing. Barrett wouldn't let us in. We waited until a resident left before sliding through the open door. We knocked on his door three times before we finally heard movement behind it. 
“Barrett, please.”
“Who sent you?”
“Anna.”
“What do you want?”
“We need your help.”
“What kind of help?” Barrett asked back. We quickly flashed some money up to the peephole. We didn't have anything bigger than a twenty, but he didn't seem to notice because he opened the door. He pulled us inside before checking the hallway to make sure we were alone. 
The inside of the condo didn't look anything like Barrett. It was clean and organized whereas he was scruffy and hungover. It was dark and colorful whereas he was pasty white in his light blue bathrobe. 
“I've never seen you before. How do I know you're not cops?”
“Do we look old enough to be cops?” Lupe answered. 
“I saw 21 Jump Street.”
“The original or the remake?”
“Both.”
“Well, we want to buy something that you can't get in trouble for selling.”
“What?”
“Information,” I said. 
“I ain't no snitch.”
“No one said you were. We just want to know where can we find Kachada.”
“Never heard of him.”
“Hundred bucks says you have.”
“You think I got all this by selling to punks like you for a hundred bucks? Get the fuck out of here.” Barrett waved his hand to dismiss us as he turned his back. I was standing there wondering how much it would cost us when Lupe sprang forward. Barrett had his hand in a drawer. Lupe kicked it shut, smashing his hand. Barrett let loose a scream of pain, and another as Lupe kicked the back of his knee, sending him to the ground. 
Lupe opened the drawer, and Barrett pulled his hand back, gripping the wrist as if it was broken. Lupe reached into the drawer and pulled out the gun Barrett had been reaching for. 
“I think you broke my hand.”
“You got two.”
“How did you know he was going for a gun?” I asked, finally recovering partly. Where had Lupe learned to do that? Where had he developed the personality to do that?
“I didn't. Find something to tie him up with.” Lupe took a step back, inspecting the gun. I went to look for something to tie Barrett up with. “Is it against the law for a felon to possess a firearm?”
“Fuck you,” Barrett said, his anger not managing to overcome his pain. “You're not going to shoot me.” He tried to stand, but Lupe just kicked out his knee again. 
“Probably not. But if you do anything stupid like that again, I'll just break your other hand.” The best I could find were some more bathrobes. I pulled the sashes out and used them to tie his feet and unbroken hand together. “Where is Kachada?”
“I told you, I don't know any Kachada.”
“He was the old Indian guy you gave Giselle to,” I said, quickly as Lupe took a step forward. Barrett blinked several times, his mind trying to process the information before his body received more pain for failing. 
“Giselle. The Brazilian girl. That was like... I don't know where he took her. I just met him out in the swamp.”
“How did you know him? Why did you give her to him?”
“I fucked up, okay? Albuquerque, New Mexico. 2007. The place was still screwed up from drug war down south. Everything was cheap. Everybody had an angle. All the good parties were at the new places. You knew they weren't totally legit, but that's what made them cool. I was there, and I looked at the wrong girl, and I fought the wrong guy. They took me into this backroom. They stripped me naked, man. They took out this hammer, and they said I could pay for what I did now, or I could pay later. He had a hammer! He was going to crush –”
“Why Giselle? Why did you choose her?”
“I told him I knew a bunch of college girls. He said he wanted one. A hot one that no one would care was missing.”
“So you didn't know about her being...”
“Being what?”
“Where in Albuquerque were you?”
“He used to own a nightclub in uptown.”
“You better hope he still does,” Lupe said. Barrett gave us the name of the nightclub. I moved to untie him, but Lupe stopped me. He pulled out his phone. “If you let Kachada know we're coming, I'm sending the cops the recording of your confession.”
“What?”
“Insurance. Keep quiet and you might be okay. Lets go.” Lupe put his phone away and started walking out. I followed as Barrett begged us to help him, then screamed the same. We passed a bathroom, and Lupe slipped the gun into the toilet. 
We skipped the elevator, instead taking the stairs half floors at a time. We walked causally around the block, then ran until we lost ourselves safely in the Tallahassee streets. We slowed to a walk and began to head back to get our stuff. 
“When did you start recording that?” 
“I didn't. Barrett is stupid enough he might have told Kachada about ratting him out to us. I'm gambling he isn't stupid enough to risk another prison term.” 
“Lupe.” I stopped until he turned to me. “Back there...”
“It's okay. You can say it.”
“Where did you learn to...”
“Break someone's hand? Torture somebody? I just reacted.”
“Why?”
“You think I shouldn't have? He sold Giselle into slavery. He's lucky we don't kill him for that.”
“We're not murderers.”
“Not yet.” 
“That's not what we came her for.”
“We came here to get answers, Haruki. For you. And you know where we're looking for those answers? In the lion's den. We're going straight to the man who kidnapped Celeste and shot an arrow through your chest. You think people are just going to answer questions about him because we ask politely or toss a few dollars their way? No. They are going to tell me because they are more scared of what I am going to do to them in the present than what Kachada may do to them in the future. I did what needed to be done, so you wouldn't have to. That's why Celeste sent me with you.”
“That's not why.”
“It's half,” he said. For a second I saw the truth underneath, then it was gone, replaced again by the hard mask he had worn for Barrett. “Come on. We have to get to Albuquerque before Barrett decides a jail cell is better than a coffin.” 
We took the first flight to Albuquerque, ignoring the cost. It was almost as if we silently decided this was the end of it, and that the only money we would need would be to get back to Olympia. I sat in my seat and thought about what he had said. Was learning all I could about being a Luna worth the price I might have to pay? A lot of the time. Not always. This trip wasn't for me or for answers. It was for Giselle. To save her I always assumed. Why else would I be trying to find her? 
The sun was setting across the river. The nightclub was exactly where Barrett had said it was. The bouncer out front took our IDs and excessive cover charge. The club was what I assumed they called posh, two stories of clean lines, velvet, and rich metal. A catwalk ran along the edge of the second story, machines hung from the ceiling designed to soak the masses with any number of substances. The club wouldn't have drawn a second glance in London or Tokyo, but in Albuquerque it had the worst air of royalty lording over peasants. 
We ordered sodas that cost more than stiff drinks in any Olympia bar. The music was Euro-disco manned by a white Frenchman all in black. The night was still young, and the human vampires hadn't emerged from their gated communities yet. Lupe and I found a strip of sofa along the back wall with a good view of most of the club, and most importantly, of the VIP area. 
We sipped our drinks, watching the dancers and minglers. On the way over, we had discussed the plan based on the two likely scenarios. If we saw Giselle, it was a simple snatch and grab operation. We may have to wait or create a distraction, but the idea was the same. Get her and get out. On the other hand, if we only saw Kachada, it was surveillance until we could find where he was keeping Giselle. 
The ice in our drinks had melted, the water diluting our sodas. Patrons were continuing to stream in. The VIP area was still roped off and empty. Lupe leaned his head closer to mine. “There are a lot of hot chicks in here.”
“Yeah,” I replied. Like any club trying to maintain a reputation, it only allowed scantly clothed attractive women in. They were made up in little black dresses and little else. Perfumed, waxed, tanned, permed, colored, dyed. Barbie dolls from the New Jersey shore. 
“I wouldn't take any of them over Celeste. Not even for a night,” Lupe said. 
“Why do you love her?”
“Why do you?”
“She understands me,” I said.
“That's not why I do. She doesn't understand me. She can't. She has you. After everything she has suffered, after all the things and people that tried to destroy her and you, she still has all that she wants. And I never can. The hardest thing I ever did was accept that the woman I loved was better off with someone else. As much as it would make me happy to be with her, I knew she wouldn't be.”
“Lupe, you're young. You still have time.”
“Count no man blessed until he has breathed his last breath. I know. I was in the same class, just like I was when you said that we are heroes in our own stories. You were wrong. We can't all be heroes, Haruki. I can't do that. I tried. I read all the books, and I did everything they told me you were suppose to do. In the end, it didn't matter. You know where I finally learned that? Last year, at the party where we first met Giselle. I thought I had a chance until you walked into the room. You know, once they see you, Haruki, they would rather have nothing than me.”
“It's not you, Lupe. It's her. Giselle's a Luna.”
“And you and Celeste are different how?”
“That's not –”
“Don't worry. I know where I stand now. You need a guy like me. I'm the alternative. I'm your control group, your benchmark. Celeste looks at me and she sees a B minus guy. She could get me any day of the week without even trying. She could get me in her sleep without batting an eyelash. I couldn't deserve her if I tried. I'll never be good enough. But that doesn't mean I still can't love her. That's why she sent me here with you. She doesn't want me around reminding her of what she would have to settle for if she didn't have you. She doesn't want to doubt her choices. Herself. You know what? That's not the reason I came. I came to protect you for her. I came to prove to her I'm worth something.”
“You are,” I said. Lupe stood up. 
“Saying it doesn't make it true. I need a real drink.” He turned his back on me and walked around the dance floor toward the bar. 
How did I become the hero? I was only a hero because I was a Luna. I was only a Luna because I had let Nisha prey on me. I had only let Nisha prey on me because my father left. My father only left because... I didn't know. In a way, what he had done had brought me to this night. 
There comes a point in any life lived long enough where you realize what you are and how you got there. It then becomes up to you to take the next step and decide what you want to be and how you will get there. 
A hand grabbed my long sleeve protected arm. I blinked. It was Lupe, adrenaline in his eyes. I stood up instantly. “She's here. At the bar getting drinks. She didn't recognize me at first. I told her you were here, and that we were planning to rescue her. She can't leave, Haruki. She has this collar around her neck, like they put on dogs. It shocks you if you go too far away.”
“From where?”
“Kachada,” he said. I looked out. There Kachada was in the VIP area looking like a modern sultan with his army of bodyguards. 
“Can we get it off?”
“She's tried. It's welded on.”
“Maybe if we had a saw or a blowtorch.”
“Yeah, and we weren't afraid of chopping her head off. We have to get out of here, figure a way to disable it, and then come back.”
“We can't just leave her.”
“No. Come on,” Lupe said, pulling me away. “We can't let Kachada see that you're alive.” I pulled my arm free and stopped in my tracks. Across the dance floor, in front of the bar, Giselle stood frozen in place. Her long hair hid most of the collar, but the club lights reflected off the metal clear enough. Lupe tugged at me again, too late, screaming my name to no avail. Giselle had seen me. Her hands went limp, the glasses full of alcohol collapsing to the floor and cracking into a thousand pieces. The shattering cut through the music and voices. 
People from all around the club turned to her. I glanced at the VIP area. Kachada had raised his head to look toward the bar, toward Giselle. Lupe moved to block the line of sight between me and Kachada. He pushed me forward, glancing over his shoulder at the same time. The outside bouncer stepped inside the club, bringing an equally big friend with him. They scanned faces until they locked in on ours. 
“Shit,” Lupe said, changing our direction. Shit was right. The bouncers were moving toward us and calling backup at the same time. Beautiful girls glared at us as we pushed by them. Their rich dates looked up from their cell phones long enough to make a show of defending their honor. I heard the bouncers following by the gasps and silence behind us. 
Lupe pushed through a door, landing us in one of the restrooms. Men stood at the urinals trying not to get performance anxiety. The stalls could hide us for a moment otherwise we were trapped. Then I saw the small window at shoulder height. Small, but big enough to squeeze through. It pushed out to open, but it stopped halfway. It would be really tight. 
“Can you get through?” Lupe asked. I hesitated. That was all the answer he required. Lupe leaned back and kicked up. His foot barely cleared the ledge before connecting with the frame, breaking the hinge and doubling the size of the opening. “Go.” 
I didn't wait for a second invitation. Lupe cupped his hands together. I planted my foot in them, and he boosted me through the window. There was no way to turn around so I could land on my feet. I held onto the broken window frame, feeling it sag as I used it to drag my legs out into the alley. 
Gathering myself, I turned back for Lupe. His back was to me. One bouncer blocked the door while the other shepherded the half peed guys out. If he jumped, I might be able to drag him out before they could pull him back in. He would drain me as I touched his bare arms, but there was no other choice. 
“Lupe, I got you.”
“Run. I got this,” he hissed back. A protest died on my lips. I ducked my head away as soon as I saw Kachada stepped into the restroom. I leaned against the building, the voices inside drifting out to me. Lupe had stayed, but I couldn't. 
“Who are you? What are doing in my club? Why was Giselle interested in you?” Kachada had his tone calm, just like he had before he had taken Celeste. It made you listen to the words. It made them terrify. 
“My name is Lupe Vargas. You killed my friend. Can you finish the quote?” 
“No. Neither will you,” Kachada said. The air itself collapsed, then thunder exploded out the window. It echoed down the alley. I bit my tongue and held perfectly still, forcing myself not to looking inside. “Call our homicide detective. Tell him he has been retained.” Lupe was dead. “And find out who he was.” Kachada had shot him in cold blood. The sounds of the club began returning to normal, the people accustomed to random gun shots or simply too concerned about appearing to be having fun. I had to go. 
Run, Lupe had said. There was nothing I could do for him now. Kachada had shot him knowing he would suffer no consequences except maybe a onetime increase to the club's cleaning bill. This was his town. The kind of place you could buy silence, or at least ignorance. 
Finish the quote, Lupe had said. Those were his last words. It was a joke and a reference. The Princess Bride. I won't have guessed he was a fan. He had always seemed so serious. Maybe that was just me, what I saw of him. What I chose to see of him. He was right. We hadn't understood him. 
Prepare to die, Lupe hadn't said. He had known. He had also known he wouldn't have been able to do it. Kachada would have, and did. Lupe hadn't said it for him. He had said it for me. I still had to rescue the captured princess, and I still had to return to my queen. 
I lost myself in the dark Albuquerque streets. Eventually, I discovered myself near the tourist section. A taxi took me to the airport. We had left our stuff in a locker, expecting to return the same night. We were half right, except that didn't matter. I couldn't save Giselle alone, and no one could save Lupe. 
There were no direct flights from Albuquerque to the northwest. It gave me plenty of time to think. I thought about Nisha and the promise of summer and answers. I thought about Celeste and how I would tell her I had let one of her best friends die. I thought about Giselle and the collar that kept her tethered to Kachada like an animal. I thought about all I had learned, how far I had come, and everything I had left to do. Most of all, I thought about Lupe and his last moments. Our last conversation. I thought about how he was right about the world but wrong about himself. 
We can't all be heroes. But some of us had to be. 

Fall Quarter I

Haruki didn't have to tell me something was wrong. He didn't have to tell what was wrong either. I knew it from the moment I saw him coming toward me in the airport, coming toward me alone. It was Lupe. He was gone. 
In the short seconds between the time I saw him and he hugged me, I realized that Haruki was going to tell me one of two things. Lupe was dead, or Lupe was taken. At first, my heart leaped in the hope that he might still be alive. Then it fell, thinking that if he was alive, it wasn't over and would probably get worse. I couldn't wish one of my best friends dead, and I couldn't wish him locked in a dark room somewhere. I couldn't wish. 
As much as I didn't want to be selfish in times like this, I couldn't help sometimes. Haruki hadn't told me over the phone that Lupe was gone which meant it hadn't been natural. He hadn't ate some bad fish or got hit by a car. Someone had done this to him. 
Who? Had they seen Haruki? Were they coming for him? For us? 
“Is he dead?” I asked. He hugged me tight, his head pressed closely against mine, letting our skin touch. I felt Haruki flow into me, making me feel stronger, more powerful. I'm sure he meant it to calm me, to make it seem like the world wasn't collapsing around me. It didn't work. “Tell me.”
“I'm sorry, Celeste.”
“How?”
“He was saving me. Kachada shot him.” That was enough. It was working now, or I just didn't want the warm comforting arms to let me go. I had to though. The sun was outside, and Haruki could recharge, but it still didn't feel good for him to hold me like that. I shifted my head down into his chest, breaking the connection and absorption. The details weren't important – the where, the how, the when. I knew the why and I knew the who and all the rest didn't matter now. 
Except the consequences and what happened next. What happens means nothing, it's what you do because of it that matters. 
“Did he see you?”
“Kachada didn't. Giselle did.”
“She won't tell.”
“Not if she has a choice.”
“There's always a choice,” I said, although I wasn't sure I believed it. In a way you had to, whether it was true or not. If you had no choice, then nothing really mattered, least of all what you believed. 
Haruki held me until the sounds of PDX became louder than my thoughts. We picked up his checked bag, one of the last on the carousel. The sky bridge took us to the parking garage and Iris's car which I had borrowed under only slightly false pretenses. I was legal though. Since I could drink, it seemed about time I learn to drive, or at least get licensed to.  
Haruki didn't say anything, but I knew he needed some sun after touching me. The closest place was the hybrid strip mall / outlet stores at Cascade Station. I grabbed us drinks to sip while Haruki healed when the sun passed between the clouds. 
I couldn't handle more than a few sips of my drink. The sweetness tasted like burnt caramel, the thickness like ash, the ice like hell frozen over. This is what death tasted like – a Starbucks latte. 
  You might think I would be use to it by now, the people closest to me dying, violently. I wasn't. It would be a sad day if I ever was. Today was a sad day. How could I just sit here in the sunshine without crying? Why wasn't I crying? Sorrow for Lupe dying or joy for Haruki coming back or both. Instead, it was neither. 
Lupe deserved better than me. He had loved me and I had used that love to kill him. I had never really been a good friend. Not to anyone. How could I be? I had become so wrapped up in my own little world in Olympia that I forgot what lay beyond its city streets. I had forgot where I had come from and where I could go. The possibilities. The danger. That was why I had almost let Theron turn Iris. That was why I had foolishly asked Lupe to go with Haruki. 
 I had spent all summer praying and hoping and wishing Haruki would walk back into my arms safely. I had sent my best friend to make sure he did. And he had and once again, I got what I wanted at the cost of something I didn't know I needed. 
“I want to show you something,” I said. Haruki must have been tasting the same thing I was because he also tossed his half finished drink in the trash. 
The highway would be clogging with traffic at this hour. It was indirect, but I took my dad's old shortcut home. It cut through a public golf course, then ran along the north Portland industrial area before winding up the west hills and back down into Beaverton. I drove by Sunset High School. Kids were playing soccer on one of the last days of summer. Just like I had, years ago. I looped around the backside of the school, coming closer to the players. One of the boys caught my eye. He looked like Terry in the fading sunlight. He could have been I supposed. It had been almost three years and my memories of him had faded like an old painting. 
“Did you want to stop?”
“No,” I replied. Even in traffic, my old neighborhood was only minutes away. I turned onto my street and stopped in front of my old house. For some reason, I kept the engine running. It was almost as I had left it. A compact red car in the drive instead of my mom's CRV. Dandelions and blackberries taking over the front yard. Stacks of chopped wood under the carport. 
“This is where you grew up?”
“Part of it.” A way station on the journey. This was why you didn't go back. It was where I had done it but it wasn't who I was. “I remember my grandmother's house better. I spent my summers there. Under her trees, on her tennis court, out in her holly fields. When she moved, I resisted for years before going back. Driving by to see what it looked like. To remind myself of my times there. I never should have. They cut down the trees. Put in the ugliest garage. Let the tennis court turn black. It was almost as if they were trying to destroy my past.” 
“Then why come back here?” Haruki asked. I turned away from the house and put the car into gear. 
“To show you.” How far I had come. “To show myself.” How far I had yet to go. 

It was one of the hardest things I ever had to do. I never wanted to do it again. Still, it had to be done. They deserved to know, just like I had. Classes had started and soon they would begin to ask questions. Better to answer them before they got asked. 
Iris sat on the sofa in her barely there summer clothes. Pari was next to her in a professorial slacks and blouse. U’ilani was in the chair with a dress that made her look sixteen. I sat on the floor because I didn't want to tell them standing up. 
“Lupe is dead.” Iris and Pari just stared at me in shock, unbelieving what I had said. Not knowing Lupe, U’ilani just looked confused. “Kachada killed him.”
“What? When? Where?” Iris kept the questions coming. 
“Why?” Pari said. Ah, that was the killer. They wouldn't believe the full truth. And even if they did, I couldn't tell them right now. Half truths would have to do. 
“He was looking for Giselle. He found her, but he couldn't save her before Kachada...”
“Lupe? Why would Lupe try to find Giselle? She didn't even like him,” Iris said. I shrugged. I couldn't tell them why he was really there. Besides, he was dead, so they would think the best of him. 
“You knew he was going there, and you didn't tell us?” Pari asked. 
“I knew he was going to try. I didn't know he had found her.” 
“He went alone?”
“Yeah,” I said, swallowing too soon afterward. Pari was looking at me intently. Iris was trying to keep herself from falling apart. U’ilani was still confused. 
“You let him try to take on Kachada alone?”
“I didn't think he would find them. What did you want me to do – call in your silent hit men friends?”
“Haruki and Vincent couldn't save Giselle from Kachada. What made you think Lupe could?”
“I never said he could.” 
“Not good enough.”
“I'm not having this argument again,” I said. I stood up. “I know it's my fault that Lupe died. I fucked up. I know that. I don't need you telling me that. I feel like shit. Don't you realize that? He was my friend more than any of yours. Don't you think I would change it if I could? Don't you think I want to make things right?”
“I don't know what you want,” Pari said. 
“I want what everyone wants.”
“Everyone doesn't want the same thing.”
“Then I guess I don't know what I want,” I said, storming out. I never thought of myself as having a temper. Everyone got mad and angry once in a while. Did I get mad more than most? I didn't really think so. It was just something about Pari now. The way she asked me questions. It just seemed like she was always accusing me of something. Not telling the whole truth, deception, or outright lying. And I was. I didn't want to but I did.  
I called Haruki, the only person who could understand. He would comfort me and tell me it was alright. I would believe him because I wanted to. What would I have done without him? What did you do without someone to talk to, to confess all your insecurities and secrets, to beg forgiveness and expect no judgment. Where would I be going if not to see him? 
Where did you go if you had no one to turn to but yourself? Did you wander the streets, trapped in your own thoughts of doom? Did you let the weight of all you had done and all that you were crush you under its pressure? Did you put on music, run until sweat broke your brow, and try to escape from the world? Did you drive recklessly and rage vehemently and half hope to be caught and punished? 
For now, I didn't need to find out. Haruki met me at a coffee shop in Lacey. No one we knew ever went to Lacey unless they had no choice. I told him all I felt, and he reacted just as I knew he would. It wasn't enough this time. 
“She's never going to understand, Celeste. She can't,” Haruki said. 
“The crazy part is that I think she does understand in some ways. She knows that people like us, people who know what we know, we can't just go through life like everyone else. We have to be more aware of what we think, what we do, and why. That's why I'm taking her program as much as I don't to hear her lecture me. It's on character. I need that. Especially. Especially before we leave. I need to know who I am in the same way you do.”

The books for class were heavy, literally and figuratively. There was Thucydides and his nearly thousand pages that came down to three ideas. Ditto Kant, except his was two. And Ayn Rand, but hers was only one. Aristotle was one of the shorter ones and yet he packed in the most concepts. There were other ones, too; literary ones that hid all their philosophy behind beautiful words and ugly stories. 
Pari was the lead professor in the program despite being, as always, a good fifteen years younger than her teaching partner. He had that average completely forgettable face that would have made him an effective undercover agent. His name was Eugene, which was apparently Greek, but sounded British and reminded me of my dad rooting for the Ducks and my mom listening to Pink Martini. Just his name. Looking at his face reminded me of Gary Oldman in Tinker Tailor Solider Spy. He was oh so very studious, so he probably won't have laughed at the comparison if I had felt the urge to mention it to him. 
I ended up in Pari's seminar. So had Iris. Not surprising considering Pari had basically turned her into a pet project of hers. It kind of gave new meaning to the term Teacher's Pet. I didn't fault Iris for that. It was just the way of the world, change and growth. The seed breaking through the soil to become a tree. The bulb stretching out to become a flower. 
On the first day of class, Iris and I sat together in the back of the room. Whether we did that because we were friends or upperclassmen, I wasn't quite sure. U’ilani sat on the other side of Iris looking nothing like the other freshmen. They were all wide-eyed and nervous, and the three of us were all aloof  and gossiping as if we were normal college girls. 
Pari put an end to all of that and any hope that this program might try to do less than examine our very souls. It reeked of pretension in a way I hadn't experienced before. There was only one way to overcome pretension: to laugh or to believe. Pari chose the latter. She skipped any lecture and just opened with a story. It was from her last day as an undergraduate student.  
“The last class I ever took as an undergrad was a philosophy course. I partly based this program on that class. And specifically on one question the professor asked at the end of class. How are you going to live your life going forward? It was a philosophy class, so of course she wanted to know how we would lead moral good lives. We were all graduating. The time for finding ourselves, for figuring out who we were, and what we wanted to do, was over. It was time to decide. The professor asked if anyone wanted to share their plan. Only three people did. The first boy said he wanted to serve God, so he was going to seminary school to become a priest. The second boy said he wanted to serve his country, so he was joining the army. The girl said she wanted to serve people, the human race, so she went to help rebuild countries after natural disasters. The professor was impressed with all three of those answers. Those were the kind of answers parents wanted to hear, schools, society, the world. Maybe everyone else in the class had one of those three answers as well. But none of them worked for me. I felt like there had to be more to a good life than just faith or patriotism or charity.”
“So that's why you became a teacher?” It was one of the new freshman girls in the front. Pari turned to respond, but I answered for her. 
“No. That's why she went to grad school. She didn't know. She didn't have a plan. So, she went back to school to study some more so she didn't have to answer it.”
“Yes,” Pari admitted, as she turned to stare at me. “But when I finally finished school, I became a teacher.”
“Because those who can't do, teach.”
“Someone has to. And I thought I taught you better than to fall back on cliches.”
I could have said, you haven't taught me anything, but that would have been stupider than the last thing I had just said. My next option, those who don't know, guess, sounded too much like my original cliché, so I dropped it as well. In the end, I asked, “So what is a good life about then?” 
“I wouldn't be much of a teacher if I gave you all the answers, would I?” Pari asked. The class laughed, and I slumped lower in my chair. I deserved that for my snarky comment. It was okay. I had learned to take my lumps. It wasn't the first time, and it wouldn't be the last time, someone ribbed me better than I ribbed them. 
After class, when all the freshman had quit asking the same old questions, I went up to Pari. She was packing her briefcase, pretending she hadn't anticipated I would do exactly this. “You still don't know, do you? You pretend you do, but you don't.”
“Socrates was the wisest man in Athens because he knew one thing.”
“He knew that he knew nothing,” I said. 
“He knew how to live. You think there is only one right way?”
“You really believe this is who you should be?”
“Ask me again at the end of the quarter.”
“You really think we're going to find the answer in a book?”
“No,” Pari said. “But you may find the questions. Living in the world, facing the impossible choices, that is where you will find the answers. Wait. You should already know that, Celeste.”

I loaded my bike onto the bus. At the Capital Mall stop, I got off and rode my bike toward Black Lake. Haruki was working at the same place I had last summer. The owner had called to see if I wanted to work during the fall. I had sent Haruki in my stead since I knew the owner never followed the local news. Lupe had got me the job, and I thought of him every time I went there. It had become my habit to stop by after class. I would read philosophical texts under the black walnut tree in the front yard, smelling the breeze off the lake. Haruki would smile at me as he loaded fertilizer into a car or sit with me on his afternoon break. After work, we would ride back to his rented basement in an old man's Lacey house. He had checked out all the program books from the library, so I would have class a second time. The suicidal kids in high school used to joke that not going to school was one of the perks of being dead. Haruki hadn't found it funny, but I had to laugh otherwise I would drown. As night came on, I would catch the late bus back to west Olympia. Iris would sit up in her bed and ask me what was going on when I got back. I would tell her the usual and not laugh at the irony. I knew it couldn't last. 

The first few seminar sessions I avoided commenting on the questions Pari brought up; instead concentrating on responding to my classmates. I knew I couldn't do it all quarter long, nor did I want to. There would come a point when I couldn't sit back anyone, when I couldn't feign ignorance or apathy. The dormant volcano would erupt again. My only consolation was that the classroom was a safe place for it to happen despite the animosity between Pari and me. It was the place to discover myself before I had to take the test out in the world. 
Today was that point. Pari had basically separated the ten weeks into three equal parts with the tenth as an epilogue of sorts. Each part had a theme: self-interest, honor, and fear. They were conveniently the three things Thucydides thought motivated people. 
We had started with Ayn Rand because that was pretty much what she was famous for. We all had a good laugh when someone brought up that she had contradicted her own philosophy by going on welfare. We talked Adam Smith and greed as a way of economic life. Capitalism's success and perseverance made it a controversial topic in theory but not in practice for any of us. It wasn't until we discussed Aristotle and happiness that I couldn't hold my peace any longer. 
Pari opened per usual. “For Aristotle, happiness is the highest goal of life. Happiness is not a state of being, but an action. He talks about several of them that can lead to happiness. In the end, he concludes that the life of contemplation is the best life.” 
“See, that's my problem,” a boy said. I still didn't know his name, but he dressed like the punk anarchists, so I pegged him as such. “This life of contemplation stuff is bullshit. If sex, drugs, and rock n roll make me happy, then I'm going to do it.”
“Don't forget that temperance and moderation are a part of happiness.” 
“There's where Aristotle is wrong. Everything we do in life is to make us happy. That's all that really matters. We may not say it. We may not admit it out loud, but it's true. Can you be too happy? Why would you stop something that made you happy? Why would you ever do anything that didn't make you happy?”
“Because you have to,” Iris said. 
“Why do you have to? Is someone making you?”
“Yeah. Depending on what it is, you can get in trouble if you don't.”
“Then that's still about happiness, right? You're choosing to do what makes you more happy, even if it doesn't make you really happy. It's about perspective.”
“The lesser of two evils is not happiness.”
“Why not? If you're not sad, you're happy, right?”
“Maybe I'm neither. Maybe I'm in-between.”
“You can't be in-between on a choice. Even not making a choice is a choice. Philosophy is all about choices. How do you makes choices?”
“I think about them,” Iris deadpanned. That broke us into a laugh. Even the boy gave a false smile. 
“I'm making you mad, aren't I?”
“No,” she said. I don't think anyone believed her. 
“Whatever. If I was, would you want to hit me?”
“No.”
“It wouldn't make you feel better? It wouldn't make you happy?” 
“Not for long.”
“Exactly,” he said. “You wouldn't hit me because you would feel a little happy, but the consequences would make you very unhappy. Overall, you're actually happier not hitting me.”
Even though she didn't need me to, I jumped to Iris's defense. “The more you talk, the more you close that gap.” The punk kid laughed and gave me a flirtatious wink. It made me want to test his theory. Iris didn't give me enough time to think about it. 
“I'd rather be good than happy,” Iris said. 
“Okay,” Pari jumped in. “I think we're all forgetting that Aristotle said that happiness is the ultimate good. You can't have one without the other.”
“Kind of like the Sheryl Crow song, huh, Pari? If it makes you happy, it can't be that bad,” I said.
“Yes. In essence if your actions conform to the other virtues as well.”
 “There's a second line to that chorus though. If it makes you happy, then why the hell are you sad? That's the true part. You can do all the things Aristotle says will make you happy, and you still may not be. You can't control the world.”
“What would you do to be a good person?” Iris asked. “What would you sacrifice?”
I didn't know. Lupe had, and that made me regret half of what I had said moments before. 

The night had gone dark long ago and so had the computer screen. Haruki breathed softly in my ear, his mouth dangerously close. I let him hover there, watching him as he slept. I wanted so bad to kiss him and knew I couldn't. Did I want to kiss him more because I knew I couldn't? Did it matter? Did anything matter?
I slid away from Haruki and shook the computer mouse. It took a second, but the screen came back to life. Midnight. There was one last bus. Otherwise I was hitchhiking or walking. Haruki stirred behind me. 
 “Haruki.” He turned to me as the computer screen went black sending us into mostly darkness. “What do you think we should do?”
“Right now?”
“In general.”
“That's up to you.”
“Why?”
“I did what I needed to do over the summer.”
“And?”
“And I got enough answers and got enough people hurt. I can't do that again. I need to move on.”
“But where?”
“I have nothing left to go toward and nothing left to run from. I'm free.”
“Then why are you still here?”
“Come on. You know why.”
“It's like 'I love you.' Even though you already know it, you still need to hear it sometimes.”
“I love you, Celeste, and I will be wherever you are.”
“Thanks,” I said, and meant it. I still had to decide, but knowing he supported me, and would be with me whatever I choose, made it bearable. 

There were plenty of coffee shops in Lacey. They just happened to all be on the two main streets running thru town. Normally that didn't matter. It hadn't mattered last year when I met Lupe in one and afterward gone across the parking lot to buy pepper spray. It mattered with Haruki because people thought he was dead, and if they knew he was alive... 
That left only one coffee shop in Lacey we could go visit. It was in the hospital complex, but thankfully not run by the hospital, so you would actually choose to pay for the drinks. After another fun day of seminar and making fertilizer, we both just wanted to relax. Unfortunately, the old man upstairs had got suckered into some door-to-door sales scheme. The sales guys were either upstairs demonstrating the product or delivering the service. Either way, it sent loud echoes reverberating through the basement, the exact opposite of what we wanted, like ever, but especially this day. 
Therefore, we had decamped to the coffee shop. It was quiet. The doctors were too tired to raise their voices, family visitors too worried to make a fuss, and everyone else too aware of the sick and dying on the other side of the wall to show any life. 
“I don't know why I just thought of this,” Haruki said. “My father went out on this blind date once. Maybe he went out on more than one. I don't know. Anyway. On this one, he and his date. They were set up by a mutual acquaintance.”
“An acquaintance, right? Not a friend. Important details, huh?” I teased, trying to hide my nervousness. 
“His acquaintance, her friend. Maybe it was important. I don't know. Probably didn't change the outcome. Anyway, so they had a drink, then went for a walk. It's going okay, but not great. My father can't tell if she's into him or not or even why she is there. So he asks her why she agreed to the date. She says that she likes meeting new people, blah blah blah. Just as she says that, my father thinks to himself, I don't. He doesn't tell her that of course. It's not something you tell people.”
“Not when you put it that way. You got to say, I'm not good at small talk, or I prefer relationships that go deeper than facebook.”
“See, you can do it, Celeste. You got the one liners.”
“It's a defensive mechanism.”
“This got deep, didn't it?” Haruki asked. I shrugged. Any conversation about his father was more than likely to go that direction. I knew it wasn't over yet. You didn't just tell a story for no reason. Even if you were just trying to make somebody laugh, that was still a reason. He hadn't been trying to make me laugh. “I  think coming here reminds me of that. Not wanting to meet new people.”
“But it's been that way for a while, hasn't it?”
“Yeah. Since... this time though, it feels different. It doesn't feel like I'm doing it because I can't. It feels like I'm doing it because I want to. Because I have you.” 
I didn't know what to say to that, so I didn't say anything. I guess in some ways I thought I had changed his life. Made it better. He had changed mine, made it better. I thought back to the life he had when I first met him. It wasn't that much different that his life now. He worked instead of going to school. He lived in Lacey instead of Olympia. But he still had no friends. Miyako was still emotionally gone and Duncan physically. He knew more about being a Luna, but that hadn't really changed how he lived. The only difference was me, and maybe I made all the difference. 
“Anyway, I'm tired. I don't know what I'm talking about.” Haruki stood up. He moved to go to the bathroom. 
“Hey,” I said. Haruki stopped and turned back to me. His hoodie was draped over the back of his chair. I handed it to him. He might need it to hide from the mirror if there was someone else in there. 
“Thanks,” he said. He put it on, weaved his way through the tables, and disappeared into the restroom. Was I that fragile right now that Haruki needed to remind me constantly how much he loved, needed, valued me? 
“Why did you let him go?” The lighting changed. The shadows shifted. I looked up at the speaker standing in front of my table. He was a few years older than me with lines of intense concentration etched in his face that made him look even older. He was tall with bleach blond hair and the physique of a junkie. At first I thought he was going to hit on me, but his question had been the opposite of that. 
“He's going to the restroom,” I said, in case he thought about sitting down. He didn't. He just looked at me deeply, so I fell back on my defensive mechanism. “This isn't France. I'm not going to follow him in there.”
“Sarcasm. You're either afraid or spiteful.” Maybe both. I didn't reply. “I'm something of a clairvoyant.” Before Haruki, before Vincent, before Theron, I would have laughed at him, or snickered a whatever. Now, I just wondered how much of a clairvoyant he was. “You know why I asked you that? Because I knew you wouldn't see it that way. You think too much about yourself. You're too wrapped up in your own problems to understand what is going on around you.” 
No, shit, Sherlock. I didn't want to be disrespectful, but you didn't need to be a clairvoyant to figure that out. Anybody watching me for five minutes, like this guy obviously had, could have seen that. It wouldn't hurt to know if he could actually read minds. Or was that a telepath?
“What am I thinking about right now?” I asked. Bananas. Bananas. Bananas. 
“You're thinking about something that hasn't nothing to do with what we're talking about. It isn't important at all right now.”
“Good one.” So he either didn't know, or he knew and didn't want me to know he knew. I figured it was the former. 
“A hospital is really no place for joking. There are souls all around us that cry because they can't laugh.”
“Let me guess. They speak to you,” I said, ignoring his comments about sarcasm and joking. 
“They know your secrets.”
“So what am I hiding?”
“They won't tell me,” he confessed. At that point, I was pretty sure he was fake or delusional. 
“Celeste, ready to go?” Haruki, hoodie pulled up to protect himself, stood behind the man. He didn't see that coming. 
“Yeah,” I said standing up. Time to get out of here. 
“You won't find yourself here.”
“We weren't here to find ourselves. We were here for the coffee,” Haruki replied. 
“I mean on this plane of existence.” The man pulled a business card out of his wallet. He handed it to me. Thomas Glass, Clairvoyant. I noticed the way he capitalized the C. He was making it into a title, giving it prestige, like Doctor. 
Haruki stretched out his arm for me, and I slid under. We left our cups and left Thomas the Clairvoyant behind. We could have taken the bus back, but the old man's house wasn't too far away. Without discussion, we both knew we would rather walk and talk than sit silently on the bus. 
“Why do I always attract the weirdos?”
“Because you're so cute,” Haruki said. 
“I'm serious. It's like I'm a magnet or something.”
“Olympia has more than its fair share of weirdos. Plus, you look like the nice quiet girl who won't be mean to a guy with a need for validation.”
“Are you sure it's not because I'm lonely without you?”
“Do you think he was –” 
“No,” I said. He wasn't smooth or cunning like Theron or Nisha. “He wasn't a Luna maker. He was your garden variety weirdo. I don't even know what that means.”
“Neither do I, but I know what you mean.”
“That's what I like about you.”
“Among other things I hope.”
“A lot of other things.”

In every way, it was surprising that it took so long. It was the rabid Tasmanian Devil in the next room we never talked about. Like most things you don't want to talk about, eventually you had to. Rarely was it on your own terms. 
Kachada returning to Olympia was no different. He had waited until we were lulled into a false sense of escape. This time, he had gathered all the information he needed to know about us, namely where we lived, before approaching us. He had changed that tactic, too. Instead of pulling me off the street, he just walked up to my front door. 
It was Saturday. Haruki worked all day, so I was in my room catching up on my philosophy reading. Iris was supposed to be doing the same thing, except the quiet coming out of her room was of sleep not study. There was a knock at the door. I ignored it, thinking it was for Iris or someone I didn't want to talk to. It was the latter, but he knocked again persistently. If I had answered it the first time, things might have gone differently. 
I marked my page before pushing off my bed. It was hot, so I was dressed in a t-shirt and cute shorts my mom had sewed me. I didn't match at all. It occurred to me to change before answering the door, but what did I care. Iris stepped out of her room just as I opened the door. 
Giselle stood there. Needless to say, I was a little stunned. There was a pained look in her eyes. I saw the collar around her neck. The one Lupe had told Haruki prevented her from leaving Kachada. To my credit, I hesitated less than a second. Kachada needed less than that to barge his way into the gap. For an old man, he was surprisingly strong. 
Iris, stunned as I was, hadn't moved behind me. Kachada stood calmly in front of me as if he did that sort of thing everyday. He probably did. Giselle stood just outside the door. It was another Mexican standoff. It didn't look like Kachada had his henchman with him, but they could have been out of sight. My mind ran the calculations, the options, the risk versus reward. If we were alone, if Iris helped, if Giselle didn't... 
“Celeste, stop.” Giselle stepped inside and closed the door and our hopes behind her. Kachada still hadn't said a word. She turned back to me. “He will just talk.” She hadn't said he only wanted to talk. It wasn't a cliché. It was a clear unambiguous warning. It was always scarier when it sounded like advice. 
“If,” I continued for her. 
“You do not fight.” There were my options. I didn't like any of them. If Iris hadn't been trapped with me, I might have decided differently. Maybe Pari was having an effect on me because I did what I thought was the prudent unselfish thing. 
“What do you want?” I asked. There was only one answer I feared: Haruki. All the rest I could deal with. 
“Who was trying to steal Giselle from me?”
“Lupe Vargas.”
“And his partner?”
“I don't know what you're talking about.” So he didn't know. Obviously, I couldn't tell him the truth, but I remembered Haruki saying that Kachada hadn't seen him. I guess he has seen someone. 
“And if you do not lie to him,” Giselle said, expanding the warning to include what I just did. Haruki had also said Giselle had seen him. That meant she had either already ratted him out, in which case this charade was pointless, or she was stalling so I had time to think of a better lie. “Kachada knows that two men came to the club. Who was the one that escaped?”
“He doesn't go to school here. He was a friend of Lupe. Or maybe his cousin. I don't know his name. He only spoke Spanish. I don't speak Spanish. So I didn't really talk to him.” 
The lies came out one after the other. Each piece coming to me just in time so I could build a convincing story. Kachada watched me, waiting for me to crack under the pressure of his presence and my fear. 
“Did you kill him to?” Iris asked. It was so perfect. We couldn't have planned and executed it any better then that. I hadn't told her about Haruki, so she didn't know about the second guy. Iris actually believed my story. If she believed it, Kachada would believe it, too. 
“How do you know I killed Lupe Vargas?”
“Celeste told me.” Kachada turned back to me. 
“He had called or texted me every night to let me know he was okay. I knew he had found Giselle. He didn't call me. He didn't answer my calls. I looked online. Even in Albuquerque, the murder of a Mexican still makes news.”
“Why did he come to the club?”
“I think he was in love with her.”
“He wasn't in love with you?”
“He was,” I admitted. It had got him killed. “He couldn't have me.”
“He thought he could take Giselle from me?” 
“He was loyal.”
“And stupid. He said I killed his friend.”
“You did. He died in my arms.”
“He was stupid. He sought women he couldn't have in life, and he sought revenge for the dead who do not care. His friend was smarter to run,” Kachada said. It was almost as if he was speaking about us, as if we would have been better off to run away from Olympia, from where he could easily find us. 
Kachada searched the house. I let him do it. There was nothing to find. Haruki had never been here. We could have protested, for what good it would have done. Correction, Iris didn't get the memo. When Kachada had finished snooping through the common areas and my bedroom, he went into Iris's room. She followed him in there and yelled at him every time he got into something she thought was private, which was pretty much everything. You couldn't blame her. It was generally agreed among people that you never wanted a dirty old man pawing through your underwear drawer regardless of what you had in it. 
Giselle stepped closer to me, closer than we normally stood when we had just been classmates. She whispered in my ear, “Is Haruki here?”
“No,” I replied in the same tone. 
“But he is alive? I did not imagine it?” Her eyes were desperate. She wanted so badly to believe, to develop hope, to break the chains of slavery, to become human again. I could give it to her. With a single word I could change her life. I could give her hope and all the sorrow that came with it. Was that the right thing? The good thing? Haruki wouldn't be coming after her again. It was false hope really. The merciful thing would be to say no and save her the pain of disappointment. If she didn't know, she couldn't tell Kachada. But she did know, and she hadn't told him yet. 
The problem with discussing great big philosophical questions in class was the timing. That is, you had all the time in the world back to the beginning of thought and writing. You could spend hours discussing Aristotle, days reading Kant, or weeks misunderstanding Kierkegaard. Yet, when it came down to it, when you really had to answer the dilemma in real life, you had but a moment. Did you push the fat man on the train tracks? You could spend a millennium analyzing and justifying the right moral course of action. In the end, I told her what I would want to hear if it was me. 
“Yes,” I said. Giselle became more still as if that was possible. I glanced up at her. There was the faintest twinkle of light in her eyes that hadn't been there before. 
Just as quickly, she threw up a mask, stepping back away from me. Kachada came out of Iris's room. His hands were empty. “If I find out you were lying to me, I will not stop hurting you even when it stops being enjoyable.” Kachada stared at me. I nodded. I knew he would. He didn't need to remind me. He turned to leave. 
Then he screamed. A long bleeding scream. Iris stood behind him, the edge of her hand dripped in blood. Kachada spun on her, his elbow flying out, not bothering to remove the Japanese hair stick lodged in his neck. Her height cost her. She was too close, and the elbow was at jaw level. It impacted with a crack. 
Iris dropped to the ground. She wasn't out because she feebly tried to fight when Kachada grabbed her again. He slapped her, more for the effect than the pain. When she grabbed hold of his wrists, he shoved her to the ground and kicked her until all she could do was try to throw up her guts. 
I lunged for Kachada, but he was expecting me. So was Giselle. She grabbed the back of my shirt, stopping me just enough that I didn't get an elbow to match Iris. It was mostly for not. Kachada rebooted, slamming his palm straight into my chest and sending me into the side of the sofa. Suddenly, I couldn't breathe. Air air all around and nothing to breathe. 
Kachada pulled the hair stick out of his neck with one hand and put Giselle's hand on the wound with his other. Giselle sucked in deep breaths, suffering as Kachada drained her to heal himself. When Haruki did it to me, he always looked determined. Giselle looked scared. 
Finally, I found my breath, Kachada pushed Giselle away, and Iris stopped retching. He looked at me, saw that I was no longer a threat and turned his attention back to Iris. “I was done.”
“Fuck you dirty old man,” Iris mumbled. It sounded like her jaw was broken, but I doubted she could have talked if it had been. Kachada reached into his pocket. Out of his wallet, he pulled a business card. He placed it softly in front of Iris so she could see it.
“Here's my card. When you're feeling better, come see me about a job. You have more courage than Celeste over there. You didn't take it lying down. You fought. Most importantly, you waited until the right moment to strike. You gave yourself the greatest chance of prevailing. Your only mistake was choosing to attack me. I gave you one chance. You should have finished it.”
With that, Kachada opened the door and calmly walked out. Giselle looked at me, her skin pale instead of tan, her legs less pillars than flags in the wind. 
“I'm sorry. Thank you,” she said. I could have said the same thing back. I just nodded. Giselle patted the collar around her neck, then disappeared out the door after Kachada. Iris was still lying on the floor. I went to her, but she pushed my hand away. 
“Get me some ice.”
“I was thinking more like an ambulance.”
“Maybe later,” she said. I obeyed. The tray was only half filled, so I refilled it after wrapping the ice in a cloth napkin. Iris was sitting up against the wall when I came back in. She took the ice and held it against her jaw. “You want to tell me what Giselle was thanking you for? I figure she was apologizing for Kachada hitting you or me.”
“I gave her hope.”
“Hope? Does this look like class to you, Celeste? I just got hit in my face, in my stomach. I don't want the answer Pari wants. I want details. What happened?”
In a way, it got easier, the choices. Especially if they were so similar, like they were now. I had told Giselle, and now I would tell Iris. 
“I told her Haruki was alive.”
“What?”
“I told her Haruki was alive.”
“I heard you. It just didn't make sense. Why would you tell her that?”
“Because it's true.”
“Are you okay?” It could have been rhetorical. I stayed quiet, taking it as such. “The police said he was dead. People saw him in a coffin. So you just told Giselle that her boyfriend wasn't dead after all.”
“Haruki isn't her boyfriend.”
“Then you let her leave with that bastard without a fight.”
“We can't stop him Iris. We couldn't then, we can't, and we're not going to.”
“You didn't even try. You just stood there.”
“We already tried. Lupe died.”
“You won't even stand up for your friends. You just hide like some ostrich, or run like everyone else. Well, you can't run from who you are. You can't run from what you've done.”
“I'm not a bad person.”
“Not yet. You're becoming one.”
“I can't be everything to everybody.”
“You don't have to be. You just have to be yourself,” Iris said. She looked at me, deeply. I didn't know what to say to that. She pushed herself up to standing. “Get my car keys. I'll drive myself.”
I protested, fetched the keys, and protested again. Iris ignored me as she took the keys. She left to drive herself to the hospital, leaving me alone with myself. My chest felt sore where Kachada had hit me. I rubbed the spot, wondering if I should have gone with her to get checked out as well. Too late now. 
The napkin with the melted ice lay next to irregular pools of blood Iris had coughed up. I bent to pick it up. Something was missing. I realized what it was. The card Kachada had left was gone. 
Iris had kept it.  

Fall Quarter II

It was one of those things that seemed so inevitable that you didn't really know the exact reason why it was so inevitable. I moved out. I have barely moved in and now I was moving out. That was the state I was in – flux. 
Iris didn't seem surprised when I told her. Or sad for that matter. She did ask where I was moving to. I told her half the truth. I was renting a basement from an old war veteran. It was the kind of place you slept in then left as soon as possible. She said I could come over and hang out anytime. We both knew I wouldn't. I might stop by once in a while if I had business with her, but it wasn't the kind of place where you went to sip hot cider as autumn rolled in. It wouldn't feel like home. 
Not that I was sure my new place would either. Haruki hadn't considered it home. There was no protection. Anyone could just walk in without being invited. Maybe that would change once I got there. I would like that. 
It worked out well in way. Financially, of course, it made sense for us to live together. The extra savings would help when I figured out what we were going to do when I graduated. For Iris too, it worked out. Without me, she had the spare room and just the person to move in. It would be good for U’ilani to be closer to campus, and for Iris to have someone to talk to. Not that she couldn't talk to me. Just someone more... innocent. 
Of course Pari didn't see it that way. Before the start of the next class, she came to talk to me. Iris had told her. It didn't particularly bother me. Pari saw it through the prism of the program. It was always philosophical. Like she told us at the end of every class, philosophy is life. She just wanted to know one thing. 
“Why?”
“You think I shouldn't have?”
“No,” she said. “I think you did the right thing.”
“Then why does it matter why?”
“Did you do it for yourself? For Iris? Because you're scared?”
“I did the right thing. Isn't that enough? Why do I need a reason?”
“Motivation matters just as much as action, if not more. You can't always do. You can always intend.”
We left it at that. There was still time left in the quarter for us to keep arguing. We had moved on from Thucydides' idea of self-interest to that of honor. Taking up the modern mantle, Eugene wanted to lecture us on Kant and duty.  

The first nights at Haruki's weren't what I expected. It was awkward. I had slept over with him before. He had stayed in my apartment the couple weeks between his resurrection and his leaving Olympia for the summer. Those times had never been awkward. This was.
It might have had something to do with not wanted the old man to find out. It might have had something to do with the basement feeling more like the bat cave than the Ritz. It might have had something to do with the dynamic: the triangle of him, me, and this borrowed space. I think it had most to do with me. 
Living alone, with your family, or with someone, you get into a routine. A way it feels. Then things change. You know you have to as well, but you resist at first. You want things to stay the same, and you hold on in the delusion that they will. For a little while they can, especially if you know it won't last long, like Iris and me. I knew it was only for a quarter, only until I graduated. With Haruki and me, it wasn't for anything. It was forever.  
You have to adapt. You have to fight everything in your body telling you that you want things to stay the same, and you have to change. It will be alright. It you want it bad enough, you will make it work. 
A week into it, I stepped out of the shower into the main area. A wet dirty towel was wrapped around me. My hair hung in damp tendrils. My face was bare. Haruki was on his bed reading my latest seminar paper draft. He looked up, saw me in my waterlogged infamy, and his face lit up. 
“You know, Kant was right about one thing. It was matters what you think, what you believe.”
“So what do you think?” I asked, laughing and posing as if I was a girl in a bikini instead of a towel. I didn't really want to talk philosophy now. I had enough of that in class. 
“I think you're the most amazing person I know.” Haruki sat up, and I moved closer. “And I think you're the only person in the world that could drip water on my bed.”
“Except for him,” I said, nodding up to our ceiling and the old man's floor.
“With you here, he can't even get close to this bed.” Haruki leaned up and kissed me on the lips. Quickly, like lightening in a storm. I knew what he saying then. His home was with me, literally, and he had his protection back. I had given it to him. My being here had given it to him and all the awkwardness disappeared in an instant, like a spark for a fire.  

The moon turned dark the first week of November. It was our traditional date night, the one night Haruki could go outside without worrying about the moon trying to kill him. Most years it wouldn't have mattered much during the winter time. The nights, like the days, were cold and rainy with cloud cover that made the moon mostly irrelevant anyway. There wasn't much to do anyway – no frozen ponds to skate on, no Christmas lights yet. We had already done the Halloween thing, Haruki protecting himself from the sliver of the moon by dressing up in a hood. 
This year should have been no different. It was though because Olympia was in the middle of an Indian Summer. October had gotten autumny and then reversed course bringing back 70 degree days, tank tops, short shorts, and sunburns. The sky was clear and dark without the moon. It was the first one Haruki and I had shared since before summer. It might be the last we saw until summer, unless we got a Blackberry Spring to go with our Indian Summer. 
We both knew we had to take advantage of nature's generosity. Before Kachada came back to Olympia, before I confessed to Iris that Haruki was alive, there had been a risk in visiting downtown. There still was some, but it was less now. Plus, Anthony's Heathfire Grill was isolated. It jutting out into the sound not far from where Theron had been shot, from where Duncan had talked to me. 
Anthony had the porch open. Well, not him personally. It wasn't that kind of place although it aimed to feel like it. Water lapped the bank a few feet away. The tables were lit by candle light in front of us, the city behind and the stars above. The air cooled but not enough to make us take our hoodies off the chairs. The fish was fresh, the prices expensive, the views elegant, and the company unbeatable. It was everything you could want in a date. In a word, it was romantic. 
It was all the more magical because we shouldn't have been able to do it. We should have been leaving a late movie, rubbing our gloved hands together, and watching our breath appear and fade before our eyes. Instead, after dinner, we went up to our favorite spot, the sight of our first date and other memories. The park was technically closed at sunset. We were still young enough to believe that technically didn't always applied to us. 
Without the moon's light, the trees formed an ominous steeple above us. Once safely hidden from the main road, I reached into my pocket, felt the pepper spray first, then found the flashlight. It was small, but super-bright. I had bought it mainly because the company advertised that it was powerful enough to burn vampires. They were being cheeky, but I figured you never know for sure. 
We found a spot by the water. Haruki laid our hoodies down so we could lie on top of them. I cut the daylight, and we looked up at the stars glimmering in the ceiling. If you didn't do it, you didn't realize what you were missing. When you did, you realized just how much. 
“You know, this could be the last time we come up here,” Haruki said. 
“I was just thinking the same thing. I didn't know if I should tell you though.”
“You can always tell me.”
“I know,” I said. But I hadn't. Why? Did I keep things secret to protect myself, to protect him, or protect us? There were times it was easy and clear what you should do. Those weren't the times that defined you. Those weren't the times that changed you. Those weren't the times that mattered. The times that mattered were the ones like now. The times when a man crawled, if that was possible on water, from the sea onto the pebble sand beach in front of you. The times when you had absolutely no idea what to do. 
The man coughed up water, sounding like a sputtering fountain. I looked at Haruki to see if he was as mystified as I was. If he was, it didn't stun him like me. He was already up and moving toward the wet figure. The man hadn't stopped coughing. How much of the sound did he have in his lungs? 
“Celeste, help me,” Haruki said. I scrambled up and saw why he said it. The man was half naked. He had pants on but no shirt. Haruki couldn't touch him without being drained. I bent down beside him. He had finally switched from coughing to sucking in deep breaths. His skin was whiter than an albino. I slipped my hands under his bare chest. He was cold mixed with warm, like a hot tub in winter. I could do this. I felt strong. I flipped him over so easily. 
“CPR,” I said. “You think he needs CPR?”
“You don't need to do mouth to mouth.”
“I know. They changed it to just pushing on the chest, but my mom said to do it right you need to break a rib. Or two.”
“No,” the man groaned. If he could talk, he probably didn't need CPR. He was probably had hypothermia instead. His throat looked freshly bruised, rubbed raw. I put my hand on his forehead. It was the same... “Don't touch me.”
“Haruki, get your sweatshirt. He's cold,” I said. Haruki dashed to retrieve his sweatshirt. He handed it to me and I handed it to the man – without touching him. 
I got up and gave him room to put it on. He struggled to, but I didn't move to help him. I looked at Haruki and nodded for him to step back with me. We kept going until the man wouldn't be able to hear our whispers.
“I think he's a Luna,” I said. 
“You sure?”
“I said I think.” I hadn't meant to snap at Haruki, but I wasn't the expert on detecting Luna. There was no moon, so I couldn't use that as supplemental evidence. Plus, obviously, I didn't carry platinum, strawberries, or crescents around with me. There was one sure way to tell. He was standing silently beside me. 
I knew he was thinking that. He was considering the risks against the rewards. Both seemed a little murky to me at the moment. Before Giselle, he probably wouldn't have hesitated to confirm another Luna. After her, there was a reason he was hesitating. Giselle had helped answer some questions, and she had let him feel a little bit human again, and she had pushed him into realizing that being a Luna wasn't everything. On the other side, she had brought Kachada and all the pain that came with him. Over the summer, Haruki had gone looking for his answers and found enough of them. What more could another Luna teach him that was worth the risk of someone like Kachada coming for us?
But that was my thinking, and I wasn't Haruki. What he would decide might be different. And anyway, what were the chances of another Luna washing up in Olympia? Literally in this case. I really didn't know. It was kind of like Drake's equation for figuring out the probably of intelligent life in the universe. For all we knew, there could be thousands of Luna hiding in plain sight, or Haruki could be one of the handful in the Goldilocks zone. 
The man had finally got the sweatshirt on with the hood up. In the darkness, it gave him a creepy, almost death like look. He was looking around, presumably to discern where he was. Maybe once he figured that out, he would work on figuring out why. Haruki went back toward the man. 
“You need to go to the hospital,” Haruki said.
“No. I'll be fine. It's nothing.”
“What's nothing?”
“This,” the man said, waving his hand to indicate pretty much everything related to him washing up to shore in the middle of the night. 
“You mean the hypothermia or your throat?”
“Thanks for the sweatshirt. I'd pay you for it, but I seemed to have forgotten my wallet in my other pants. Where are we?”
“What's your name?” I asked, for the first time. He hesitated, as if trying to decide, or trying to remember. “I won't give you any bullshit about how you can trust us.” 
“Orpheus.”
“Like the myth?”
“If you like.”
“I'm Celeste. This is Haruki. You're in Priest Point Park, north Olympia, Washington, USA, North America, Earth, ectera and so forth. How did you get here?”
Orpheus nodded to himself, ignoring my question. He got onto his hands and knees before pushing himself to his feet. If we had brought anything to eat or drink, I would have offered it to him. He looked like he could use some water – to drink or shower in. 
“If you could give me directions back to town, I'll stop bothering you and let you get back to doing whatever it was that you were doing.”
I looked at Haruki. Obviously, we were going to tell Orpheus how to get back to town, but I still didn't know if he wanted to ask him anything before that. Haruki didn't take his eyes off him. Looking at him any longer wasn't going to reveal anything. 
“Follow the path to the road. Take a right and keep walking until you hit civilization.”
“Thanks,” he said. He began walking, gingerly, since his feet were bare and we hadn't supplied him with shoes as well. 
“You're a Luna,” Haruki said, suddenly. Orpheus stutter stopped and turned over his shoulder. 
“A what? That some kind of slang?”
“You know what it is. Even if you call it something else.”
“Okay,” he replied, turning to continue on. It was a great rebuke, a way of escaping the conversation and making it seem like we were the crazy ones. 
“Who killed you? What day did you die?” Haruki asked. Orpheus stopped. For good this time. The questions were just too good. He couldn't walk away without knowing what we knew, how we knew it, and what we were going to do with it. And of course because he was a Luna, and he knew that I wasn't. 
“Last night,” he said, answering the second question first. “And who? A crazy ass old man who is not as smart as he thinks he is. What's it to you?”
“Who made you?”
“Ugh. You want my life story? I don't have time for that right now. Maybe later.”
“You're trying to get somewhere. You're not from Olympia. We know it well. We can get you there fast.”
“Know it well? For a couple of educated kids, you sure know some dark stuff and hang out in some dark places.”
“You think you're the only one with a story?” I said. 
“I'm not sure I care. Okay, lets go,” Orpheus said, starting to walk again. Haruki and I fell into step near him. Like a lot of Luna, he had a generous definition of personal space. He gave us the name of a hotel. Haruki knew where it was. We headed there. This late at night, it was going to be a bit of a walk. 
“How come you were in the Sound?” Haruki asked.
“Is that what it is? I thought it was a lake.”
“You really don't know this town, do you?” I asked. 
“No. I don't know this town, I don't know what you were doing out there, and I don't know you. Pardon me if it seems like an awfully big coincidence that you were sitting around right where I happened to wash up.”
“How did you know there was a beach there? It was practically pitch black out.” Silence was his only answer. “Yeah. You saw our light. You came to us.” Orpheus picked up his pace. We didn't rush to hurry up with him. It was going to be a long walk. 
The hotel was in downtown Olympia, just down the street from the capitol building. It was one of taller buildings in the area. No one needed to state the obvious. In our state, we looked more like stoned students than guests. Orpheus skipped the front entrance; instead, he led us down into the open air parking garage. Several of the overhead lights were out. Along with the slapdash paint job and oil stains throughout, it added to the feeling of apathy. 
The elevator appeared to work. Orpheus took the stairs. At the lobby level, he stopped. “I need to get the spare key. Wait for me on the top floor. Room seven. You're going to need this more than me. Cover up.” Orpheus took off the hoodie, leaving himself without a top, and tossed it to Haruki. He entered the quiet lobby while Haruki and I ascended higher. 
“What do you think?” Haruki asked. We had our hood up. There didn't appear to be any cameras in the hallway, but it only took one if Orpheus was trying to screw us over. 
“He's trying to ditch us.”
“He didn't know what floor was the top one.”
“He's just buying himself more time by sending us as far away as he can.”
Haruki stopped and walked out on to the next level. The elevators were halfway down the hall. The numbers were unchanging. No one was riding at the moment. 
“Maybe he'll take the stairs. You do.”
“No. He won't. He's not like me,” Haruki said. Just then the elevator on the ground floor began climbing up. 
“Hurry. The other elevator,” I said. I reached for the button. 
“Wait.” Haruki grabbed my hand just in time. I felt him flowing into me. The connection broke as he let go. The elevator continued to climb. Two floors below us, then one. Haruki reached out and pressed the button. It arrived at our floor and stopped. The doors slid open. 
“Going up?” Orpheus asked, an amused but not surprised look on his face. There was a towel drapped over his shoulder as if he had just come from the nonexistent pool. We stepped inside with him. The elevator went up another two floors before opening again. It was his floor, and it certainly wasn't the top. He unlocked room seven, the do not disturb sign swinging loosely as it opened. At least that hadn't been a lie, too. The best ones always contained a kernel of truth. 
It smelled horrible, like the first whiff as you passed a sewage treatment plant. We didn't hesitate in covering our noses. Orpheus flipped the light on. It wasn't a hotel. At least it wouldn't be until they cleaned it up. 
It was a dungeon. Some sort of black leather strap swing thing hung from the ceiling. There was a riding crop, dog collar, and leather chaps scattered on the bed. It was a murder scene. The carpet was becoming stained with shit and piss and blood. When I saw the dried puke, I thought I was going to puke. I stumbled back until the closed door stopped me. 
Orpheus ignored it all. He went into the bathroom. From the back of the door, he lifted a set of clothes off the hook. It was a tracksuit, the ultra comfortable kind you lounged around in on a Saturday afternoon. Orpheus shrugged the towel off and dropped his pants without modesty. I averted my eyes but not before I saw more than, perhaps, I wanted to. His lower body was waxed, completely. It made me notice his chest had been as well. 
“I figured you two for lovers. You act like you've never seen a naked man before.” The American flag colored tracksuit caught the corner of my vision as Orpheus stepped toward the mirror to admire himself. The blue hue of a Luna was visible in the mirror. I wanted to say something, to match his one-liner with one of my own. I had nothing. The first line had thrown me off. Haruki and I were lovers. Lovers of the heart, occasional lovers of the flesh. 
“It was your outfit she couldn't stand. It's an affront to good fashion.”
“Well, I don't wear it to be fashionable.”
It was open under the sink and vanity counter except for a plunger and a pair of tennis shoes. Orpheus put the shoes on, then slid under the sink. He pulled down a large trash bag duct taped to the underside. “You know what they say. If you can't duct it, fuck it. Or is the other way around? I always forget.” 
“What happened here?” Haruki asked. 
“What does it look like?”
“Someone got killed.”
“You,” I said. 
“That's a start. You two want to clean this up?”
“Clean it up?”
“I'm not going to. It's either you or the maid. You'd have to pay me a lot more than she's getting paid to make me do it. I almost feel sorry for her.”
I heaved a couple times but managed to keep dinner down. Orpheus had unwrapped his trash bag. Inside was a small duffel bag. He took a sleek smart phone out and snapped pictures. He waved Haruki out of the way. 
“Haruki, what are we going to do?”
“We'll get a drink in a few minutes,” Orpheus answered. “It'll make you feel better. Hey, would you mind taking a few of me?” He didn't wait for an answer before tossing the smart phone in our direction. Haruki caught it. To my disbelief, he took a few pictures of Orpheus posing amid the... I didn't even know what to call it. He had been murdered here, his body dumped in the South Puget Sound, and he was just mugging for the camera as if he did this every day. I couldn't take it anymore. I had to get out. I grabbed the door handle.
“Stop her,” he said. Haruki didn't have to this time. I stopped myself and turned back to Orpheus. 
“Why?”
“Look at this place? You can't just go opening the door. Someone could walk by and see us in here. Trust me, you don't want to try and explain this to a discreet prostitute, let alone the police.”
“We have to go,” Haruki said. He didn't answer right away. Orpheus pulled the room's only chair to the curtain covered windows. He stepped on it and reached up. On top of the curtains, blended almost perfectly into the pattern, was a small video camera. It was one of those babysitter ones, the kind parents bought when they thought she was stealing or neglecting or worse. Here, it had done its job. Here it had captured the murder of Orpheus.  
“Okay,” he said. “We're having a drink remember? Check and make sure it's clear.”
It was. We slipped out unseen but for the cameras in the hallway. Orpheus didn't seem to care if they caught him on video. Haruki and I kept our hoods up and our faces hidden. Even if the murder victim had come back to life, which he had, the police would find some reason to lock me up if they found me at another crime scene. Four could be a coincidence, but five, yeah... 
“There's a decent dive bar up here supposedly,” he said. He led the way to a bar on the end of a strip mall. It was a dive, murky dark. Remnants of smoke from years ago still hung in the air. The pool tables were the best lit part which was probably why no one was playing. It was quiet, the regulars adding to their depression with a liquid depressant. Orpheus waved the bartender over then slid into a booth. We got in across from him. 
The bartender took his sweet time coming over. Orpheus smiled at him and held out a twenty. “Thanks for coming over. This is for you and the cook. I'll have whatever he is willing to make right now as long as it's fast and big. I'm starving. And I'll take an Amaretto and pineapple. I'm sure my new friends want something, too.” The bartender nodded, pocketed the money, and carded Haruki and me even though we were only ordering ginger ales. The drinks arrived before we could ask a question. Orpheus tasted his and nodded his approval. 
“I used to have champagne, but after a while it got boring. Plus, it was cliched anyway.”
“Orpheus, what's going on here?” Haruki asked. 
“We're having drinks and dinner. We're enjoying the ambiance of the lower classes. We're recovering and rewinding from the exhausting night. At least, that's what I'm doing anyway.”
“And what's going to happen when this bar closes?”
“You mean with you two and me?”
“Why can't you just give us a straight up answer?” I demanded. 
“Because it's fun not to. And because you haven't been straight up with me either.”
“We took you to the hotel. We helped you get your stuff.”
“And that was nice, so I bought you a drink.”
“So what do we have to do to get you to tell us why you're here, what happened last night, and what you plan to do now?”
“Whoa. That's a lot of stuff. How bout for the first one, you tell me how you know about me. That's almost a freebie because I already know.”
We stared at him, and he stared at us. The food came and another drink. I could smell it, the greasy burger, and the greasier fries, all topped with the sweet acidity of pineapple. Orpheus picked up a few fries and burned his mouth on them. He turned his attention to his burger. I looked at Haruki. He was still staring at Orpheus but locked in his own struggle. 
“I'm a Luna, too.”
“Man. There's nothing like that first meal after you die. Death row inmates got nothing on us. Okay, for the second, you let me crash with you while I'm here.”
“I told you how we knew, now tell us why you're here.”
“Calm down. You want to know everything right? I'm just telling you what it's going to take. We can't do anything to each other anyway. It's her I should be worried about.”
“I have a name,” I said. 
“So what, Celeste? What does it mean? You didn't choose it, did you? Someone gave it to you.”
“You still don't have to talk like I'm not here.”
“Lighten up. Life's too short not to laugh. No pun intended.” He laughed at his own joke. Those were the worse kind. 
“Okay,” Haruki said. “You can stay with us.”
“For the last one, I want your help in dealing with this punk who killed me.”
“You mean like kill him?”
“Oh, no. I'm not going to kill him.” 
“What are you going to do then?”
“That would answer your third question then. You have to agree to help me first.”
“Tell us the first two, and we can decide if we want to know the last one.”
“You will. No one can resist knowing how it ends,” he said, his mouth full of fried potato. 
“We don't even know how it begins yet,” I said. “Why don't you start with that?”
“Once upon a time, in galaxy far far away...”
“Come on. We're serious.”
“Too serious,” he said, mouth full of burger this time. It wasn't pleasant to look at. He didn't seem to care. “Okay. I came here to die.” He rubbed his throat, the bruises visible despite the high collar. It looked like the worst hickey ever. “Obviously last night I did.”
“Come on, Celeste. Lets go. This all just a game for him.” Haruki slid out of the booth. I couldn't believe he was leaving, but I dutifully followed. 
“You can't win if you don't play.”
“You can't lose either,” Haruki said, pulling me toward the door. Orpheus let us get almost to the door before yelling after us. 
“Do you want to know about my maker?”
The few patrons were glancing at us from under baseball caps and over half filled beers. They were listening, and unless we went back there, they might hear more than was prudent. Haruki led us back. We slid in across from Orpheus who finally put his food down for a minute. 
“Okay, Orpheus. Who made you?”
“I don't remember her name.”
“Indian. Black hair. Beautiful.”
“Beautiful yeah. The rest nope. Mine was Swedish. Or Finnish. Somewhere up there in those countries. Blonde. Six foot like some Norse goddess. Brunhilde or something. The Ice Queen. I thought I could melt her heart, you know. She made me think I had; instead, she froze mine. Man, that sounds like bad poetry.”
“Six years,” Haruki said. 
“Almost three now,” he replied. 
“How old are you?”
“Thirty. Give or take a few years.”
“And her?”
“Never could tell. Never did care. Older. Aging cougar.”
“She wasn't young, but she was beautiful?” Haruki asked. 
“Older women can be sexy, too. You think Celeste is going to stay young forever? Besides, it was more how she came off. Her presence more than her look.”
“Did you ever see her again?”
“After that night? Nope. Tried to. Failed. Found better things to do.”
“Why did you come here to die?”
“Because that's what I do, Haruki. You've obviously done it or known someone who has. You die, and when the moon goes dark in the sky, you resurrect. Like Jesus without the whole son of God and trip to heaven thing. “
“Why would you want to?” I asked. 
“Why do you go to work? Because someone pays you. Why do I die? Because someone pays me. Well, they don't pay me to die. They pay me to let them kill me. One night a month I work, and I make enough money to live like a king for the other thirty days. You know how some people live for the weekend? I live for everyday but one. Tell me that's not worth it?”
“How long have you been doing this?”
“Couple years. After I realized what I was, I tried to kill myself. Guess how that worked out? It made me see though that in a way, she had set me free. She had made me this – what did you call it? Luna. If I was going to be this for the rest of my life, I was going to use it.”
“What was that... stuff in the hotel room?”
“Don't you watch porn? It's a sick and twisted world out there. You think some guy just wants to shoot me to watch me die? No. They never do. You see it's about power. About being able to do whatever they want. No limits. No consequences. All the reward without any of the risk. That's what people are like. Deep down. You take away law and society and give a man complete privacy and you'll see who he really is. Trust me. It's worse than you imagine.”
“So you let them have sex with you and then kill you.”
“Not really with me. They fuck me and kill me. Normally at the same time. It's usually one of those premature things if you know what I mean.”
“And it's guys?” I asked, unable to control my fascination.
“Not always. Most of the time. And no, they're hardly ever gay. Then again, neither am I. Like I said, it's not always about that. You can't ignore it because it's part of it, but it's not everything.”
“What if they drain you?” Haruki asked. 
“It's called a condom. I'm surprised you haven't tried it. It's probably number seven on the list of best inventions in the history of mankind.”
“What went wrong last night?”
“He moved my dead body. They're told that someone will take care of it. Leave it where it is and leave yourself. But this bastard got me all tied up, then told me how he could talk to ghosts. I told him there were no refunds regardless of what happened. So he gets his freak on, then he strangles me. Probably the second most popular choice next to brute force. I was suppose to wake up in the bed not the lake. That's pretty much one of only two rules they have to follow, and he broke it.”
“So what are you going to do?”
“Ha. Remember what I said about having to know how it ends?” Orpheus laughed and went back to his cold burger. He was right. We wanted to know how it ends. But was it worth it? It wasn't going to be good. Whatever it was. 
“Okay,” Haruki said. “I'll help you.”
“I'm going to drive him insane,” Orpheus said, a wicked smile dominating his face. “I'm going to torture his mind just like he tortured my body. And just like mine, you're going to be able to see the scars of what I have done. He thinks he talks to dead people now. Just wait until I'm done with him. They will be the only ones that listen.”
“What am I supposed to do?”
“Oh. I don't know yet. I've never done this before, but it will be nice to have a partner, in crime, so to speak. We can banter back and forth, share stories and coffee on late night stake outs. Hell, we can even high five since we're the same.” Orpheus held up his hand for Haruki. Reluctantly, they high-fived.
“You're not the same,” I said. 
“You're not the same. Can you do that?”
“Yeah,” I said. I held up my hand. Haruki high-fived me. It was quick, an instant. If I hadn't known, I wouldn't have noticed the small fraction of life I drained from him. 
“You're going to be great at this, Haruki. You already have the masochistic part down. Your partner here seems to have the sadist down, so you're almost there.”
“I'm not a sadist.”
“You could have fooled me. You know it doesn't feel good for you to touch him, yet you did it anyway. To prove me wrong, or to make a point. When did that become a good reason for hurting someone, especially someone you like? Don't worry. I don't have anything against sadists. Their money is just as good as a saint's. Better sometimes depending on what that saint's been doing with the altar boys.”
“Don't talk to me about morality after what you just said you were going to do to Thomas.”
“He's a murderer. He should be in prison for the rest of his life. He's just lucky the man he killed doesn't stay dead for long. Well, not so lucky because he's never going to be able to escape the prison of his mind.”
“You helped him kill you. You're just as much to blame.”
“But why did he do it? Why did I do it?”
“You did it for the money.”
“And he did it because that's who he is.”
The murderer was no one to me. I had never met him. He could have been delusional, creepy, or evil. I didn't know. He wasn't Uʻilani. He wasn't innocent. He had murdered Orpheus. So why did I care what happened it him? 
That was it. I didn't. It was Haruki that I was worried about. He was going to do this and it wasn't right. He knew that, and he was going to do it anyway. Why? There was no blood contract. Orpheus couldn't do anything to him if he refused. So why agree to do it? 

Thucydides called it honor. That doesn't exist in America. Kant called it duty. That too doesn't really exist although people often misappropriate and cheapen it in the name of patriotism, service, or heroism. People too often mistook obligation for it as well, but those were the same people that thought precision and accuracy were two words for the same thing. It was the failure of language to fully express human motivation. 
Whatever it was, Pari was making us discuss it in class. The texts were Iphigenia in Aulis (ancient) and Ordinary Men (modern). The first was one of those great Greek mythological-based tragedies that made you want to kill yourself because everyone suffers in the end. The second was one of those terrible non-fiction accounts of impossible horror that made you want to kill yourself because it was true. 
“Kant offers us a different view of goodness than Aristotle did. For Kant, goodness is all about intention. What you do doesn't matter to him. It's why you do it. Simply put, do you do it because it's the right thing? That's what he means by duty. Your duty in any situation is to do the right thing. There is no such thing as accidentally good. You are purposefully good, or you are not. So consider the texts, who is good?”
Euripides gave a handful of characters to ponder over. The Ordinary Men, while differentiated, were treated as one. The class managed to reach a general consensus. Menelaus was considered okay because he was trying to save his wife even if it meant sacrificing his niece. Agamemnon, as always, came off as less than good because he was eagerly willing to sacrifice his daughter for a good wind to Troy. His defenders pointed out that a goddess told him to do it, so he was just doing his duty. Inevitably, everyone countered with two words: ordinary men. Achilles came off as good for wanting to protect Iphigenia until it was pointed out that his main concern was his honor being affronted, her life being the mere proxy by which to defend it. Of course, Iphigenia came off the best of all. Her courage in the face of death, impressing even the cold-hearted Achilles, and self-sacrifice that put everyone else above herself were hard to argue against. Iris seemed especially enamored by her. She cried during the movie. Admittedly, I did, too, which was more impressive considering there were subtitles. 
“I think this is what Kant was thinking about when he wrote about duty,” Iris started. “Some people are just better than others. They don't just think about themselves. They don't just do what they want. They do what's right even if it hurts themselves. All the men in this story – they thought they were doing something for honor, for duty. They weren't. Iphigenia was. They didn't know what those words meant. Iphigenia did. All of their honor was just selfish. It was for themselves. Not anyone else. Iphigenia willingly gave her life so no one would have to fight and die over her. That is duty. That is thinking of others. She is the only one who did the right thing. She is the only good one.” 
It was hard to argue against that. No one tried. In sports betting, it was what they called going caulk. You picked the favorites, the teams that were suppose to win. Normally, they did. Iris had picked the argument that was suppose to win. As an underdog, there was only one way to win: to believe that everyone was wrong and to not stop until it was over. 
“Obviously, I'm never going to win an argument defending ordinary men committing genocide,” I said. “But in your line of reasoning, Iris, those ordinary men were just like Iphigenia. They weren't thinking of themselves. They were thinking about following orders, about serving their country. Like her, they were going against their natural instinct. She was sacrificing herself, and they were massacring people, but neither wanted to do it. They were only doing it because they thought they were looking beyond themselves, to something greater.”
“That's the difference, Celeste. Iphigenia knew it was her duty to protect others. That's why she did it. The Germans were hurting people because they were told to. It's not the same. Agamemnon is a better example because he was just following orders, too.” 
“Fine. What does it matter? Iphigenia ends up dead either way.”
“It's the intention. That's what were talking about here. It's why you do it that matters.”
“You keep on saying she's doing it to protect others. Does that makes everything alright?”
“You know it doesn't,” Iris said. That was the beauty of the double trap. You let your opponent see one, so she ran blindly into the other. 
“Why not?” I retorted. She had no reply for that. Now I had her in the argument she couldn't win. “Because she didn't protect them. By sacrificing herself, she sent them off to Troy, off to die. She knew that, too. Tell me that was the right thing, the good thing. Tell me that she sending those men to their deaths was her duty.”
“They brought her there. She didn't want to be a part of that, but they made her.”
“We don't always get to choose what we are a part of,” I said. If given the choice, no one would choose to be part of a no win situation, a moral dilemma. We ended up in them all the same. 
“Exactly. That's what's Kant is saying. You can only control one thing: why you act.”
“That's the problem. In this story, we know what they are all thinking, where they stand, what motivates them. In real life you can't. No matter what you tell me or what you do, I can never truly know what you intend. Therefore, I can never judge you. And you can never judge me.”
“Celeste, there is a flaw in your logic,” Pari said, letting Iris off my hook. “I may never know if your intentions are good or evil, but you will always know.”
“Who thinks they're evil?” I asked. “Did those ordinary men think of themselves as evil as they shot innocent people and buried them in mass graves? No. If anything, they convinced themselves they were right for following orders. We may think we made a mistake, or regret something we did, but we never think that we are evil. We never think that we are beyond redemption.”
“That shows the danger of following people instead of morality.”
“There is no morality without people,” I said. That was all I was going to say. If you weren't there, if you weren't a part of it, if you didn't have a personal investment in the outcome, you didn't know what you would do. It was easy to sit back and decide on the right action when the most you had to worry about was a grade in class. To really know, you had to be there. 
“Aristotle and Kant come down on opposite sides of this argument,” Pari said. “Aristotle concentrates on action and results. Kant focuses on motivations and choices. It is one of the hardest lessons to learn and accept. It is one we try our best in school not to teach. You can't change the world.”
You didn't have to change the whole world. You just had to change your own. That's what Haruki and I were going to do. 
Orpheus took his sweet time in getting around to the mindfuck. Maybe he had spent some of it trying to track down the murderer. I doubted they had exchanged real name and social security numbers before the crime. Finally, Orpheus told Haruki one Monday that they were going east toward Rainer. I didn't ask more. Half of me wanted to go. The other half didn't want the nightmares. I had to wait until Haruki got back to hear the story. He told me everything that night. 

The guy lived on a farm passed Yelm. He wasn't home, so we waited in the car until he came back. 
We talked. We had to. I had only met one other Luna, and he had never met one. He figured there were others out there, but he didn't really think about them too much. From the second I had said Luna, he had pegged me for one even though he never heard the term before. 
We talked about life. I told him my story, a lot of where I had been and what I had done. He pretended not to care, cracking his jokes and snorting here and there. I knew he did though. He wanted to know in the same way I did. He may have used the knowledge differently, but he still wanted it. 
I told him what I knew about Luna. What could hurt us or identify us. He knew about the moon, obviously, and mirrors, but not the others. There was one he had experienced that I didn't know. 
“Unholy water. Satan piss if you prefer the urban vernacular. In my line of work, I can't avoid weirdos, but I try to weed out the crazy ones. Like the Nigerian e-mail scams. They are so badly written, and so fake because they want to weed out all but the biggest suckers. You can't always. I missed a Satanist one time. He tried to cure me with some water he cursed. It just burned.”
“Maybe it was acid. Maybe it burned everybody.”
“Maybe. Guy was pretty convincing though.”
“What did you do to him?”
“Nothing. He didn't break any rules. He just got his money's worth out of killing me.”
For some reason I held back mentioning the one protection. He didn't say anything about it either. It felt like he didn't know. How would he know? He didn't have a home. He moved from city to city every month, picking up a new client, then moving on. There was no sanctuary, and no people he trusted enough to invite in if there had been one.  
We talked about death. It was inevitable. It was the one thing we could never talk about with anyone else. Plus, Orpheus knew so much about it, and I so little. “How many times have you died?”
“I don't know. Twenty-five or so. I stopped counting at fourteen. It felt appropriate. You?”
“Once. And you keep coming back the same way?”
“Every dark moon.”
“How have you died?”
“Strangulation. Blunt force trauma. Stabbing. Gun shot. Suffocation. I could have my own season of CSI.” 
“How did you die the first time?”
“You mean how did I commit suicide?” I nodded. He laughed. “Drowning. Hypothermia. Can't remember exactly. I swam out into the Atlantic ocean as far as I could. I got tired and cold until I felt nothing. I remember just closing my eyes and sinking, not caring that my lungs burned for air. I woke up on the beach. At first, I thought I had somehow survived and washed ashore. The second part was right, but I had died. It had been a week since I walked into the water. There was no moon behind the clouds. I figured it out, but I had to make sure. So I waited a month and tried it again. I slit my wrists in my bathroom. Man, that was mess to clean up.”
“Do you know what can kill us for real, so we can't come back?”
“If I did, I probably wouldn't be around to tell you, would I?” Orpheus smirked. 
Another time, out of the blue, he asked me, “You know the best thing about coming back from the dead?”
“Getting a second chance.”
“Way to go with the cliché. You probably couldn't tell a funny joke to save your life, pun intended. It's that no one expects you to come back. It's like that good joke you can't tell. You spend most of your time setting it, leading people down a path. They think they know where their going, then you reverse and end up completely somewhere else. The more unexpected, the more powerful.”
We talked about you. How we had met. What we did together. Why I trusted you. Our connection. Orpheus made fewer and fewer jokes the more I told him. Finally, he opened up to me. 
“I had a girl once. Back before all of this, before... before. I met her at summer camp. I can't remember why she latched on to me, but she did. For two days we were inseparable. On the third day, she asked me to be her boyfriend. I couldn't. My parents wouldn't let me, and I was moving. Long distance relationships never worked out. I wanted to explain to her my reasons, but I couldn't. I just said, I can't. Her friends tried to convince me I was wrong. I wouldn't listen. Now I know they were right. It didn't matter if it didn't work out later. What mattered in that moment was that moment. By saying yes, it would work out there. By saying yes, I would have two more days in heaven. Instead, for two days we drifted apart. By the end of camp, we were done. I saw her again the next year. She had already forgotten me.” He paused. It wasn't my place to say anything. “Figures. I should have got in her pants while I had the chance.”
“That wouldn't have made you feel better.”
“So you're a psych major now? What would you know about it? You have a cute little girlfriend you don't have sex with. Here's the kicker. It's not that you can't. It's that you don't care enough to figure out if you can.”
“What we have is deeper.”
“What you have is a good friendship. There's two kinds of guys that have good friendships with girls: Gay guys and you're-nice-but guys. They're the first guys she forgets when she finds a real man.”
“We make out in the sun.”
“Whoa. Don't let the middle-schoolers see you, they might get corrupted.” 
“Joke all you want, but you know what we have is special.”
“That's the sad thing. I do. You have all this potential, and you're wasting it because you don't see who you are. What you can do.”

“Orpheus is right,” Haruki said, finishing up. Nothing until that point had truly surprised me about what Haruki said. I figured it all as much, even the part about me. Of course Haruki had to defend what we had as deeper. It was but that just served to disguise our desires to touch each others' naked bodies. We were best friends, and if Haruki wasn't a Luna, we'd be typical college students. 
Even the comment about my cuteness didn't surprise me. I guess I had noticed it before. The way in some quiet moments, I would turn and catch Orpheus looking at me out of the corner of his eye. Did I remind him of the girl he had lost? Was he jealous of us? Was he afraid of me? 
Then Haruki had gone and said Orpheus was right. He explained how. “I've let being a Luna control me. It's dictated what I do, what I feel for too long. I can't go on like this forever. There's good to be had with this. There's a life we can live. We can be happy and free. It's not the one we have right now.”
“It's not going to last forever, Haruki. I'm going to graduate, and we're going to leave. We're going to start over again. We're going to make the kind of life we want.”
“Celeste, you're the best thing that ever happened to me. The only things I ever brought you were grief and worry. You've stood by my side through all the stupid things I've done, and I've left you alone again and again. It's time I did the right thing. It's time I gave you something back. A new life. A better life.”
“If you believe that, you're a fool Haruki Wallace. We've been in this together, through the ups and downs, the crazy shit and the normal days. What I do, I do because I love you. I know you feel the same way, but you better not be getting ready to ask me to marry you.”
“No. Not yet. What I'm going to ask you is to help me do what Orpheus does.”
“What?”
“Like he said, Celeste, he does what he wants for 29 days of the month.”
“And for two days he goes to hell. I can't believe you're suggesting this after what just happened to him and that guy.”
“That's the difference. Orpheus has no one. I have you. You already protect me. You already watch over me. You would be doing the same thing except we would making a lot more money. We would have enough money to do anything. You wouldn't have to worry about where we can go. You just have to decide where you want to go.”
“No.”
“Celeste think about it.”
“I already had to. I watched you die one time. I won't watch you die every month just so I don't have to get a job.”
“You know I'll come back.”
“And I knew you would come back at the end of the summer as well. You think that makes it any easier?”
“We all write our own narratives. I've been a victim for too long. I don't have to be. Orpheus has shown me how I can live my life. How I can be a Luna and myself.”
“You won't be yourself. You're going too far. You're letting this completely define who you are. When you first become one, you hid. Now you want to not hide at all. You can't go from one extreme to the other.” 
“Everything will be the same except for one night a month.”
“It will change you, Haruki. You think you can die twenty-five times and it won't change you? Why do you think Orpheus is the way he is? Why do you think he doesn't care? He has no one. It's all about what he wants.”
“That's the difference. I have you. I'm not doing this for me. I'm doing this for you, Celeste. You gave me a reason.”
“I don't want to be your reason,” I said. Haruki stared at me. What I said finally hit me. You couldn't hurt a person more. There was nothing worse than someone you loved telling you not to care about them. That's basically what I had said if not what I had meant. “I'm sorry. That's not what I meant. What I meant was I don't want you hurting yourself for me. You don't need to.”
“I want to. Let me try it. If it's not working, I won't do it,” Haruki said. He had me because I had messed up. How could I turn down a trial? I hadn't when we first started dating. I hadn't when we found out Giselle was a Luna. 
Haruki wouldn't do it alone. He wouldn't do it without me. Would he? I had to be with him when he did it. For safety, his physical and my mental. That's why I had asked Lupe to go with him over the summer. Look how that turned out. Still, I had to get some concessions for my agreement.  
“Okay. If you stop helping Orpheus torment that guy.”
“I didn't help him. When the guy came, I didn't get out of the car. Whatever he did, he did alone. I didn't help him, and I'm not going to if he continues this.”
Was standing by and doing nothing so much better than the evil deed itself? Was it just another kind of evil? 

Fall Quarter III

The weather had whiplashed. I begged Haruki to be careful as he rode his bike to work. He had already lost control once coming down the hill, the tires skidding like locked brakes on the ice. The bike had been damaged, which he was most concerned about. Although he had ridden on to work, I made him put ice on the bruises on his elbow and knee. He managed to laugh at the irony. I couldn't because it reminded me too much of what happened to my parents two Thanksgivings ago. They hadn't been able to laugh, ever again. 
Haruki's old landlords had invited me over for dinner, if I didn't already have a place to go. I hadn't spoken to them since I moved Haruki's stuff out after he died. I thanked them for the thought and politely declined. I was half-expecting, half-dreading an invite from Iris or Pari or in my wildest delusions, Uʻilani. It wasn't forth coming. It made me wonder how far gone we were. Snatches of conversation in class revealed that all three were going home for the holidays. Still, they hadn't asked what I was doing. 
What I did was cook Thanksgiving dinner for the four of us: Haruki, me, Orpheus, and the old man. He let me use the kitchen all day. It seemed only in the spirit of the occasion to invite him, too. Ditto Orpheus after he had invited himself. Conveniently, being four meant that we could sit at a real dining room table for a change. The real silver and china were a bonus. Beats the hell out of Denny's, I told Haruki. 
I basically only cooked the turkey and mash potatoes. We bought the pie and cranberry sauce, and I didn't consider the dressing cooking since it was inside the turkey. Everyone declared the meal tasty, Orpheus because he didn't know any better, and the old man because he didn't expect any better. It would do. 
Orpheus was on his best behavior. He was charming, cracking jokes, and encouraging the old man to tell stories. It could have been worse. I'd had worse. Eventually, the wine got to him. Haruki guided him out of harm's way before returning to clean up the kitchen. The old man lowered himself into his reclining chair, his eyes fighting futilely to stay open. He told me I reminded him of his daughter, except that I looked nothing like her. 
“She was young. She could have done anything,” he said, ambiguity maddeningly in his voice. I supposed I was like that. I chose to see it as a good thing. 

Haruki had to work the day after. The owner had read that Black Friday was the biggest annual shopping day. For years he had been keeping the store open despite all the evidence that people didn't buy plants and spring garden supplies a month before winter arrived. It meant I had the day to myself. I was lying on the bed, doing nothing, thinking about whether I wanted to brave the crowds to buy something I didn't need, when Orpheus woke up from his drunken slumber. Needless to say, he was hungover. 
“I feel like that guy in the Hangover movies that always misses all the action,” he announced, returning from the bathroom. 
Maybe you should get a face tattoo and have Mike Tyson punch you out, I didn't say. It wouldn't do to encourage him. I didn't need to. He came over anyway, picking up the book I had causally discarded on the edge of the bed. 
“What? Cormac McCarthy is more interesting than me?” Orpheus asked. “An Oprah book club selection. What kind of class are you taking?”
“It also won the Pulitzer Prize.”
“Yet that is somehow less important than endorsement from the big O. I wonder if anyone has ever called her that before.”
“Do your clients call you that?” I asked. He laughed. I couldn't tell if it was because it was funny or if he was covering the sting. 
“They should.” He tossed the book in my direction. I was hoping he would leave me alone; instead, he was snooping around for something else to pick up. 
“When are you leaving, Orpheus?”
“When do you want to go? I think we've probably missed the best Black Friday sales by now.”
“You know I mean leaving Olympia. You have that guy right where you want him.”
“True,” Orpheus admitted. “I've kind of almost forgotten about that. I might just show up there in his kitchen or something, make some waffles, scare the shit out of him, and call it good.”
“Then you can leave.”
“I could, except I set up another date for the next dark moon. Obviously, I had to use a different hotel, but besides that, everything is per usual.”
“I thought you didn't do two clients in the same city.”
“Yeah, well, I figured I could make it work since I was staying here. Now I have to. Agreements go both ways. I told him where I would be, so I have to be there.”
“Then live up to your end. Haruki did his part. Go stay in your hotel until your client comes. Then die and get out of town.”
“I don't know. I kind of like it here now. Hanging out with you and Haruki. More him than you at this point, but I'm trying to warm up to you.”
“Don't. You were allowed to stay here for one reason, and one reason only. You don't need him for your twisted revenge plan anymore.”
“I know. It's just nice to have a friend.”
“Haruki was not your friend.”
“You sure about that? We got the whole male bonding thing going on. Like a bromance. Hell, we can even touch each other.” 
“Haruki is only helping you because it was the honorable thing to do. You helped him. Now he's helping you. That doesn't make you friends.”
“What does that make you if Haruki did it for himself? Wanted to know me better.” Orpheus asked. I sat straight up in bed, my back rigid as the walls. 
“Get out.”
“You want to hit me, don't you?”
“No,” I said. He stretched out his hand, as if trying to tempt me. It didn't in the least. 
“You want to touch me.”
“No. I want you to get out.”
“You want to feel my skin.”
“Now.”
“Don't be afraid of what you want. Drain me. Make me weak. Make yourself powerful. You want to do it to Haruki, but he's not here, so you'll settle for me. Any Luna will do.”
“No,” I screamed. I sprung forward, my arm outstretched. I impacted Orpheus with flat palms into him. His chest caved as he stumbled then fell backward. He landed on his back, his momentum carrying him into a reverse somersault. 
I hadn't touched his skin. I hadn't drain him at all. It was just a good old fashion push. Orpheus had wanted a reaction out of me. He had got it. What and why, I didn't know. 
Orpheus righted himself on the floor. He rubbed his chest where I had hit him. He smiled before he made his bad joke. “You already got some power.” 
“That was your warning.”
“I still can't figure you out.”
“Don't try. Just get out.”
“I had a follower once. Before I got into the dying business. She had been an old college friend of mine. I found her again on Facebook. She had married this douche bag, had a kid, given up her life basically. It was a few months after I became a Luna. I knew about the moon and touching. I didn't know what I was going to do. 
“I went to see her. Told her what happened. Let her touch me. She promised to help me. To keep me safe. I believed her. Her husband didn't like me moving in. Her kid thought I was weird. She didn't care. 
“It started innocently at first. A hug here. A kiss on the cheek there. It progressed to back rubs and making out. She wanted me, and I hadn't had that in so long I didn't care that it hurt. I could always heal in the sun. But then even that wasn't enough. She became addicted to me. To the strength I gave her. The power. I was her drug. She could never get enough of me.”
“I'm not addicted to Haruki,” I said. 
“You had me thinking so. See, here's the thing. I didn't realize how bad it was until she almost killed me. Her douche bag husband saved my life. We were in her bedroom, naked or close to it. He came in and found us. He shot her, then himself. I couldn't even leave until the sun made its way to me through the open window.”
“I'm not like her.”
“Doesn't matter because Haruki is like me. The druggie and the drug dealer both need each other. They're both afraid to let go. Both afraid of a world without the other. It's not until someone comes in and takes it all away that you can step back and realize how imprisoned you both were.”
“You've stayed with us for less than a month, and you think you know anything? You're off doing your own thing most of the time. You don't care enough about anyone besides yourself to pay attention to our lives. You see one thing here or there, and you think it defines us. You think that's all there is. It's not. If you don't think I will do whatever I can to protect Haruki, you're an idiot. You don't know a thing about us.”
“I know more than you think. I'm not leaving until Haruki embraces the life he should,” Orpheus said. I slide off the bed and stared down at him. 
“You wanted me to touch me. If you're still here when I turn back around, I will and no one is going to be there to save you this time.”
He could have attacked me, but I wasn't afraid. We both knew I knew his one weakness, the potentially fatal one that he could never change. I was already thinking ahead. Maybe Haruki would listen to me now. When I turned back around, Orpheus was gone. 
I doubted Orpheus would go straight to Haruki. It wasn't his style. He would probably take his anger out by harassing the clairvoyant some more. I texted Haruki anyway, asking him to call me if he saw him. By doing so, I basically ensured that he would ask me about him tonight. 
It seemed like the smart thing to prepare a speech. When Haruki walked in, I would make one last case. Before what? There were no other options. At least none that I wanted to consider. I was so wrapped up in thinking about the future conversation that I forgot to ride out to the garden store. 
Haruki walked in alone still wearing his bike helmet. His body showed the exhaustion of a long day's work and bike ride. His hair dripped sweat despite the cold. I gave him a long hug, inhaling the mixture of his scent, soil, and salt. We exchanged the quickest of kisses on the lips, the irony of my earlier conversation not lost on me. 
Haruki showered and changed before asking me the inevitable question. “What's going on with Orpheus?”
“He's trying to change you, Haruki. He wants you to be like him. Selfish. Alone. Sad. He's jealous of you and me, of what we have. He's jealous, and he wants to destroy us. He told me that. He tried to get into my head, but I wouldn't let him. I told him he wasn't welcome around here anymore, and he left for now. But he promised to keep harassing you.”
“Celeste, don't worry. Orpheus can't say or do anything that would make me break up with you. I got it under control.”
“How am I not suppose to worry when you don't tell me everything that is going on? My imagination starts to run wild, inventing these conspiracies that rationally I know aren't happening, but which I can't get out of my head.”
“When have I not told you everything?”
“You said you talked about me. About us.”
“We did. So? What did he say about it?”
“Nothing exactly. It's just that you didn't tell me what you said about me and what he said.”
“I can't remember every detail, Celeste. It wasn't bad.”
“And Nisha?”
“I know. I'm sorry. I should have been the one to tell you, not Lupe.”
“You never told me everything.”
“I told you. She answered my questions about being a Luna. About if I would change you into one.”
“You never told me how you felt seeing her again.”
“It doesn't matter.”
“It matters to me because I don't know. What happens with you and Giselle and Orpheus and Nisha... you have this Luna-ness that I can't be a part of. But it affects you, Haruki. It affects us. You don't have to tell me everything, but stuff like this, it's important. We have to share that.”
“Share, huh? Was Theron important?”
“He's dead.”
“Just because he's dead doesn't mean he wasn't important. It doesn't mean that he doesn't affect us still.”
“What does this have to do with Orpheus?”
“It has to do with sharing, with telling each other what is going on. You want to accuse me of not telling you everything to do with Nisha and Orpheus when you didn't tell me everything to do with Theron.”
“What do you mean?”
“Iris came to the store a couple weeks ago. She was driving her friend Uʻilani to buy some plants. We saw each other, so we talked. She told me how you weren't there for her when Theron was attacking her on the boardwalk. You were inside talking to some man. Don't worry. I don't think you're cheating on me. Uʻilani said he was handsome in his business suit but older. I didn't tell you I knew about that because I trust you. Now that were talking about this kind of stuff, why didn't you tell me about that, Celeste?”
Because Theron died, and that was more important. Because I didn't want to admit I failed my friend. Because it was over, and it didn't matter. Even my half-truths were lies.  
“And who was he?”
“Your father,” I said. Duncan Babajide Wallace. One of the people you spent the summer looking for. I found him, I talked to him, I know how to contact him, and I didn't tell you. I had accused Haruki of withholding something from me. He had held up a mirror, and I had got my own secrets back. 
“What?” Haruki asked. There was no need to respond. He was still trying to align what Uʻilani had said with what I had. The age and skin color and my familiarity with him and soon it all made sense. Unbelievable coincidental sense. “Why was he there? What did he want?”
I told him what I suspected. The way he had kept me distracted while Theron was shot to death. The way his words seemed to have a deeper meaning. The way he had been there of all places on all days while of all things were going down. The way I had kept it from him because I was scared of what Duncan might say. 
“But I'm telling you all this right now because I'm more scared of what Orpheus is trying to do to you.”
“You're telling me this, Celeste, because I caught you lying to me. Just like Iris did. Now you're spilling your guts, telling me every last bit of truth, and hoping I forgive you. It may be easier to beg forgiveness than to ask permission, but that doesn't make it right.”
“Haruki, I'm sorry. I was going to tell you when you got back. Then you told me Lupe died and you weren't going to look anymore and I couldn't.”
“It's my father!” His rage echoed against the cold walls. We had argued before. This was going pass that. This was becoming fighting, one sided bare emotion fighting. “Your parents aren't coming back, so you don't understand.”
“That's not fair.”
“Don't talk to me about fair. I'm the Luna. I know all about life being unfair. You should too.”
“I do. You're being mean, Haruki.”
“Because I'm mad. We're suppose to be in this together.”
“We are.”
“You're suppose to love me.”
“I do.”
“Then start acting like it,” he said. It hurt. It all did. It was completely manipulative. Some people might have mistaken it for passive aggression. There was nothing passive about this. It was symptomatic to justify why I was taking it, accepting it meekly. It came down to one classic reason, which in this case, just happened to be true. I deserved it.  
“What do you want me to do?”
“Tell me the last piece of truth.” There was only one thing left. No one knew about it. Not even Iris. Yet Haruki knew I hadn't told him. “It's okay, Celeste. I know what it is. It's the real reason you didn't tell me about seeing him. You know how to contact him again. It's the only thing that makes sense.”
“He gave me the number of a woman named Sage. He said she was a friend. I could call her if I ever needed advice.”
“Have you?” Haruki asked, his voice a fraction less hard, topaz instead of diamond. The tension had been so much. Now it was lessening and it just came out. I laughed. 
“I've needed advice, but I haven't called her.”
“Give me her number.”
“No,” I said. It just came out. I knew he was going to ask for it. He had to after what he has just said. It was the last thing I had. It was my ace in the hole. Once I gave it away, Haruki wouldn't need me anymore. If he ever did. 
“Why not?”
“Duncan came to your funeral. He thinks you're dead. You think you can just call him up?”
“I never said I was going to call him.”
“Then why do you want Sage's number?”
“In case I want to talk to her. In case I change my mind.”
“Haruki, I just told you I think your father helped killed Theron. He could be involved in some dangerous stuff. Do we want to risk that? Do we want make Olympia another battlefield? Do we want to have to explain how you're still alive?”
“He's my father. I'm not trying to be mean anymore, but you would do the same thing. We can't control the world or who comes here. It's not our fault that bad things happen here. How am I still alive? I faked my death to escape some bad people. They thought I was something I wasn't. I thought it was the best way to be free. We're not calling them tonight, Celeste. We still have time to figure out the questions they'll ask and our answers.”
I couldn't let him go. We had to stick together. Why did he feel so much like a fish on the end of my line? I was letting him run, wear himself out, before I reeled him back in. It shouldn't have been like that. Why was I upset about Haruki wanting to contact Sage? I had been about to do it myself. 
“Okay,” I conceded. “When you're ready, I'll call.”

Fear was the last human motivation Thucydides talked about. He said it was the most common and powerful. It made sense when you considered that he had been a general during one of the greatest wars of his time. He had probably seen more than his fair share of scared guys. 
Normally, Pari had coupled an ancient text with a modern one. For this theme, she chose a slightly difference tactic. She picked a modernish text in Kierkegaard's Fear and Trembling and a practically new book in The Road. The second made sense because post-apocalyptic settings lent naturally to explorations of fear. Kierkegaard made sense based on the title but a lot less once you actually read it. 
We bantered about the idea of fear for a while. It was certainly easier to discuss than anything to do with Kant. There was something to be said about difficulty in philosophy. There was a certain payoff, a reward, when you felt like you were finally beginning to understand a complex and complicated idea. Fear wasn't that. It was primal and basic. It was the first thing every animal came to know. You couldn't say we learned it. We already knew it in our genes. Discussing it seemed so anti-climatic, as if we stepping back instead of forward in our understanding. 
“Fear seems too easy,” I said. “Of course we're all afraid of getting hurt or dying, but that doesn't motive us on a grand scale. Maybe back when we were living in caves and hunting saber tooth tigers, fear defined us. Maybe when the Greeks were fighting the plague, starvation, and each other, fear defined them. Maybe today as a country, we react because we are afraid of people we can't understand or won't. But those of us in here, we're young and educated. We're not afraid of dying or people from different cultures.”
“You should be fearful,” Pari said. “Why do you think I chose Fear and Trembling?”
“The title.”
“Always the joker.”
“I'm serious. The fear in that book is the title.”
“I chose it for the same reason we read fiction. It reflects on something else. For Kierkegaard, faith requires doubt. You must rationally know it is impossible but believe anyway. This is not blind faith but crystal clear. The same goes for courage. You must first fear before you can have courage. A berserker fearlessly charging the enemy does not have courage. He doesn't know any better. It is the terrified soldier, the one who knows his likely fate and goes anyway, that demonstrates courage.”
“Courage isn't a motivation. If anything, it's a variation on honor or duty, which we already discussed. What we should be talking about is love. Kierkegaard does.”
“Love is simply the fear of loss.” 
“Fear is just the love of what you have,” I retorted. People so often saw hate as the opposite of love. That was probably because hate was about destruction, but all hate emanated from fear. So in reality, love was the opposite of fear. “It lets you know you have something worth losing.”
“You will lose everything in the end.”
“Everything dies, but not everything lives.” The quote sounded just off the second I said it. I couldn't even remember where it was from. A movie probably. 
“Celeste, I have had enough of your cliches. If you are not quoting one of our texts, if you do not have something original to say, keep you mouth shut.”
“Is this a test? Are you trying to scare me, so I have to be courageous to speak? That won't prove your point. Or you're afraid of what I have to say. Why are you of all people afraid of me?”
 “Keep quiet, or leave, or I will fail you.”
“You can't fail me. Which I guess doesn't make me brave but doesn't support your point either.” I laughed. Pari stood up. What did she think she was going to do? What about me rejecting fear made her so mad? 
“I don't like The Road,” Iris said, out of nowhere. Pari turned to her. I turned to her. The entire class turned to her. I almost laughed again. Was she trying to cut the tension with random remark? No. She was serious. “It's ugly, violent, and hard to read. I mean, like it's hard to understand what's going on sometimes. I think he did that on purpose, you know. He wants to make you feel like the characters. They're lost and alone, and they don't have any idea what's going on either. 
“There's only one part of the entire book that I like, and that's the ending. It's great. It makes all the rest of the book mean something. You know why it's great? It's great because it's not about the characters. It's about you. It's about what you believe, what you feel. The author takes you to this horrible place, this post-apocalyptic world, and then he makes it worse and worse. At the end, he takes away everything the boy has known. The only thing the boy has left is who he is. All we have left is who we are. What we believe. What we feel. 
“What's really great about it is how the author makes you decide on what happens after the book ends. The boy is alone, and we are alone. McCarthy asks us to imagine what happens. Your answer to that question tells you everything you need to know about yourself. A mysterious man shows up and asks you to go with him. After all the horror, would you? Indeed, the boy asks the man, 'How do I know if you're one of the good guys?' You know what the man says? 'You don't. You have to take a shot.' 
“We never find out if the man was good or not. That's why it's so great. How you see the ending, what you think happens is what's important. Celeste and Pari have been talking about love and fear. Those are the two choices here. You believe in love, you go with the man and believe that is the right choice. You believe in fear, you run from the man and believe that is the right choice.”
“That is one of the classic flaws of the reader, Iris.” Pari still hadn't sat down. “You want to believe it ends well. You want to believe it ends happy even though every single page before that rejects that theory. Every new character the boy has met has lost humanity in some way. They are all evil in some way. Why would this new man be any different?”
“Because there was one person the boy knew that was good,” I countered. “His father. He listened to what his dad taught him. He became his father's son. When he chooses to go with the man, he is not running in fear from the rest of the world. He is going toward hope and goodness even if it is not guaranteed.”
“There is a key difference,” Iris said. “Only if you believe in love will you find out if you were right. If you run away, you will never know for sure either way. If you go with him, you find out, right or wrong. Love is the only way to truth. Love is the only way to goodness.”
Pari just stood there. Iris had just slayed it. She had wrapped her argument in logic that far exceed what I had been trying to do. She had defended me and agreed with me. I couldn't figure out why. We had barely spoken since the Kachada incident. At this moment, I didn't care. It was enough to see her leave Pari speechless. 
“I think we all need a break,” Pari said. She was the first one out. I wanted to ask Iris why she had stood up for me. After all I had done, why did she speak up when she didn't have to? For me, of all people, against Pari, of all people. After class, I managed to catch her because I knew where she was going. She was waiting outside the seminar for Uʻilani to exit. 
“Why did you defended me?” I asked. 
“I thought you were listening to me.”
“I was.”
“Then you should already know,” Iris said. I tried to think back to her speech. There had been so much. Which part was I suppose to remember? Of course, like anything, it was the ending we always did. 
“Because you believe in love.”
“Despite all evidence to the contrary.” Across the hall, the classroom door opened. The other seminar began streaming out. Uʻilani saw us and did a double-take. 
“Not all,” I said. Uʻilani had almost reached us. “Thanks.” I slipped away before the moment was ruined. 
We had to be thankful for small victories and tender mercies. They wouldn't come everyday. That sounded too good, and too true, to not have been said before. 

Haruki waited a couple days before asking me to make the call. I didn't need to look for the number. It was already in my phone, just where Duncan had left it. Sage. There were two numbers. I was labeled with an 'em' for emergency. I figured she wouldn't think this qualified, so I called the other one. 
“Hello?”
“Sage?”
“Who is this?”
“Celeste Nix,” I choked out. My full name sounded more appropriate. It went with my pounding heart, the anticipation and trepidation of the unknown to follow. “Duncan gave me your number.”
“Is something wrong, Celeste?”
“No. Not exactly. He said I could call you if I needed anything.”
“You can. What do you need?”
“I was wondering if he was planning to come back to Olympia. Sometime soon.”
“Let me check,” Sage said. The line went mostly silent. Beside me Haruki was shaking his head. I covered the phone. 
“What?” I asked him. 
“Soon is relative. If he's coming, get a date.”
“That sounds weird.”
“You know what I mean.”
“Celeste?” Sage was back on the line.
“Here.”
“He doesn't have any concrete plans to go to Olympia right now.”
“Oh,” I said. Haruki motioned for me to keep the information coming. 
“He might change his mind. I wouldn't want to promise you anything.”
“Is he there? Can I talk to him?”
“No.” She didn't clarify which question she was answering. Maybe both. 
“Could he call me? At night sometime.”
“I don't know. Is there any message I can give him for you?”
“It's kind of personal. Just tell him I really want to talk to him. In Olympia if he had any more business trips this way.”
“Okay. I'll tell him. Take care, Celeste.” She hung up, and I did the same. Haruki leaned back from listening in. His mind turned rapidly beneath his still features. I waited. 
“What do you think?” Haruki asked me. I could have asked for clarification.
“I think we should wait. See if he calls or comes.” 
“And if he doesn't?”
“You can ask me again.”
“I want to see him, to at least talk to him. I've waited seven years. I can wait seven more days.” Haruki began to pace. His definition of waiting differed from mine. “I've been thinking about it since you told me you had her number. Maybe I've been thinking about it since you told me he came to see my body. The irony of it all. That it took me dying to make my father care about me again. People are like that. They don't realize what they have until it's too late.”
“They?”
“We.”
“You're giving him a second chance.”
“Or he gave me one,” Haruki said. We would find out soon enough. 

On the sixth day of waiting, the moon went dark for the last time in the year. I let Haruki make the plans. I wondered if he would take us back to our spot. It wasn't anything special now, cloudy and cold. It did remind me of Orpheus. If he ended up there again, I would have to laugh before anything else. 
I had no doubt Orpheus had been with another client last night. He had said he was going to, and he did pretty much whatever he wanted. Haruki was at work, and I only had class in the morning. I could try to find out if he had rented a room somewhere. It should have been easy. Just call up the hotels and ask for him. Except there was no way he was checking in under the name Orpheus. That was it, he even checked in himself and not his clients. The maids might know. They might have seen something. Problem was there was too many of them. It was marginally better than guessing. 
Haruki and I ended up just seeing a late movie. We skipped the walk home, the cold spitting rain overcoming any thrill of walking at night. There was no talk of Orpheus or Duncan although I knew Haruki had been counting. If not tomorrow, then the next day, I would have to call Sage again. 
A letter came for Haruki the next day. The old man hand slipped under door as I wrote my final class paper. Ever, I added to myself. I was just going to toss it onto his bed when I saw the front. It was addressed to just Haruki. No last name. Postmarked today in Olympia, the return address a hotel. Orpheus. Why hadn't he just called or texted? He had to know I would be the first to see it. He may have wanted that. I didn't care. I opened it anyway. Inside I found out why he hadn't texted. 
There was a long web page address. Below that was a user name and password. Pandora's Envelope. I couldn't resist. I had taken the first step. I might as well take all of them. I punched all the information in. Automatically, a video began to play. 
It was a video of Orpheus getting murdered. From last night presumably. I knew from the first moment. I didn't need to see the rest. 
I slammed my laptop shut. The first part of a muzzled scream managed to escape. I knew what happened next. It got worse. I took the letter, the envelope, all the evidence and destroyed it, dumping the remains in a trash can at the nearest bus stop. Orpheus was crazy.
I agonized about whether to tell Haruki about it. I couldn't find the video again, and wouldn't even if I could. Still, it was only a phone call away. If I told him and he wanted to see it, Orpheus would send it to him in a second. Once again, the way the information came to me – via letter – just seemed odd. It was like Orpheus had known I would open it. As if it had been meant for me. As if I was being set up. 
When Haruki got home, I decided to tell him. I convinced myself that Orpheus was trying to get me to lie to him. To counteract it, I would have to tell the truth. He was trying to destroy us from the inside out. I told Haruki everything, sparing only the graphic details of the video. 
I thought he would be mad at me. He wasn't. He was curious as to why Orpheus had sent a link to the video. I told him my theory. He acknowledged the possibility without telling me if he already knew about the video. 

With the talk of Orpheus and murder porn video, Haruki forgot about his seven day wait to call Sage back. He might have always intended to call on the eighth day. Turns out that he didn't need to. Duncan found me. 
I came out of my last seminar. Ever, I thought to myself as I walked down the hall. It had been uneventful, like so many other end of quarter ones. My classmates were more worried about their final papers, upcoming holiday vacations, or just plain tired of thinking hard to put much effort in. I had already done my part. I doubted anyone wanted to hear my voice, let alone my thoughts. 
I was zoning out crossing Red Square when I felt someone beside me. I looked over, and Duncan Wallace smiled as if we were sharing an inside joke. I wasn't in on it. I kept on walking because I couldn't really process what my mind had just seen. 
“Need a ride?” Duncan asked. 
“Yeah,” I said, stopping. I looked around, unsure what for. It was just another cold almost rainy fall day in the Northwest. “Why are you here?”
“Sage said you wanted to talk to me in person.”
“I did. I do. But why did you come to campus?”
“This was the easiest way to find you. You weren't at the house the school has on file. Your two friends were there.”
“They told you I moved out?”
“I didn't talk to them. Didn't need to. You obviously moved out, or were staying with a new boyfriend.”
I have a boyfriend, I didn't say. He wasn't new. 
Duncan led me to his car. It was rented, Oregon plates, clean, and practical. I texted Haruki, telling him who had shown up and asking where he wanted to meet him. Home, came the reply. Half hour. He was leaving work right away. 
“Where to?” Duncan asked. I told him. Haruki and I had already discussed how we would play his resurrection. It was simple. He never died. We faked his death. We would skirt the actual details in favor of nebulous generalities involving the various dead bodies that piled up in Olympia over the last couple years. 
“What's going on, Celeste?”
“What? No idle chitchat like last time? You have another nice cover story about being here on business?”
“I am here on business. At this moment, you are my business. You could have called Sage anytime in the last three months. You didn't. You call here now. Something changed. Something happened to make you do that. What was it?”
I didn't know how Duncan would react to seeing Haruki, or even if he wanted to see him. “If I told you, you were wouldn't believe me. I have to show you.”
“I don't like surprises.”
“Okay. I'll tell you right before I show you, but you still have to look.”
“So how's school been?” Duncan asked, implicitly accepting my compromise – I thought. So, I told him about my program. He listed off some philosophers that he had read. I had heard of some, not all. 
As we pulled onto the old man's street, my phone beeped with a text. Haruki was home. He must have gotten a ride at least partway to have beaten us. I wasn't complaining. It made it easier on me. I could just tell Duncan instead of forcing him to feign an interest in philosophy. He parked on the street directly across from the house. 
“Haruki's inside,” I said. “He's alive. He faked his death. I didn't tell him about meeting you in the restaurant, but he found out. That's why I called Sage.”
“He faked his own death?”
“Will you come inside?”
“Why?”
“Because he wants to talk to you.”
“No. Why would he need to fake his own death?”
“It's complicated.”
“It always is,” he acknowledged. Was he referring to faking your own death, or life in general? Either way, Duncan got out of the car. I led him around back to the basement door. I opened the door and stopped on the threshold. One more step and I would be inside Haruki's home. Would Duncan be able to follow me, or would he face the same impenetrable barrier that I once had? 
“Come in,” Haruki said from deep inside the basement. The invitation extended, there was nothing stopping Duncan but his own fear. We crossed the threshold and descended. 
It was one of those moments that you know will be important. You know it will mean something, so you do your best to be observant and present. It's not so much that you will need to remember what happened. It was that an infinite number of futures entered and one present manifested. You didn't want to get even a single detail of that wrong. 
Haruki stood not behind the bed, merely on the other side of it. He still wore his work clothes, his hands and face dusty from fertilizer. The nightstand light was on. It made him shadowy, appropriate to the situation. Duncan had stopped at the bottom of the stairs. His face was a mess of divergent emotions. There was no way I could see them both at the same time. 
“Haruki.”
“Surprised you could remember my name.” It could have been a statement or a question. Duncan took it as the latter. 
“Of course I could.”
“What should I call you?”
“Dad, father, Duncan. Baba. Whatever you want,” he said, stepping forward. I moved to Haruki, cutting off Duncan in case he was thinking of handshaking or hugging or doing some other unknowingly dangerous physical thing. Haruki kissed me quickly before bowing to his father. Duncan returned it, technically proficient if not emotionally invested. When he rose back up, Haruki had changed. His face was a mask, the cool surface of a pond. 
“I can't say this was ever the way I imagined we would first see each other again.”
“It isn't. I already saw you in a coffin.”
“That doesn't really count since you didn't intend to meet me. You came because you thought it was safe. I was suppose to be dead. You wouldn't really have to face me. If I had been in the hospital dying, would you have come?”
“Why did you fake your death?”
“It's not a hard question, Duncan. Yes or no?”
“Yes,” he said. I wasn't sure I believe him, but he didn't give me a chance to decide. “And my question? I heard the answer was complicated.”
“A bit,” Haruki replied. It took a while to tell. We stood there the entire time, as we were, witnesses, defendants or judge. Haruki spun the tale like Tarantino’s pulp movie: out of order with major roles for minor characters and violent, sudden death. It was one of those stories that was either too outlandish to believe or just outlandish enough that you had to believe. Most importantly, Haruki hadn't mentioned anything to do with Luna. He had ascribed typical motives to us all: greed, fear, and power. Basically, it all came down to not tipping off Duncan to the dangerous truth. 
“So that's why I did it, and it worked. They left, and you know the rest.”
“I don't though. There's so much I don't know. You hungry? Lets get some food and you can tell me about some of the good times.”
Duncan found us an Irish pub close by. They served Americanized versions of traditional home country food year round and green beer on St. Paddy's Day. You got a discount if you came in with nationalist symbols. A soccer game played on a few of the TVs. Not Irish. He ordered us a round of Guinness and whiskeys. The bartender almost made them into Irish Car Bombs until Duncan stopped him. We found a booth, Haruki and me across from him. It felt strangely like our meeting with Orpheus.  
“I thought you were Scottish,” I said, wondering if this was his kind of place anyway.  
“Half. What's a Scotsman in American anyway? On a good day he's just another American. On a bad day, he's English or Irish.” Duncan downed his shot of whiskey. Haruki pushed his across the table.
“You need it more than I do,” he said. I sipped the Guinness. It was heavy, flavorful, not like those cheap beers you bought in the store. Duncan picked up the glass to knock it back, then put it back down, deciding against it. 
“So how did you two meet?” He had wanted a happy story. That wasn't one of them. I mean it was. It hadn't started out that way. We told him the story of being in class and the party. It was a classic screwball comedy minus the laughter.  You could tell we hadn't told the story often, or ever before. We kept interrupting each other to correct or add, and not in a cute they-finish-each-others'-sentences kind of way. 
Duncan finished his beer and ordered another one. The food came, and we ate. Questions were asked and answered and I wondered what the hell was going on. They were catching up like old friends, like cousins at a family reunion. They weren't friends, and they weren't cousins. They were father and son seeing each other for the first time in seven years, for the first time since Duncan had walked out on Haruki without so much as a word or gesture. The experience was all very superficial. Even that didn't convey the feeling. It was easy. It shouldn't have been. 
Night has long fallen by the time we finished. The small sliver of moon was concealed by drizzling rain clouds. Haruki announced that he had to get up early for work. 
“I have to go to Portland tomorrow.”
“Are you coming back?”
“I can.”
“I get off work at five.”
“You guys should exchange numbers,” I said. 
“Let me punch it in your phone.”
“Why don't you call me, so we both have it?” They called each other and updated their contact lists. It must have felt odd. Duncan dropped us back at the house. 
“Until tomorrow then.”
“Yeah.” Everything unsaid echoed louder than the empty words. We watched Duncan drive away. Haruki didn't move to go in. The rain slowly soaked us like one of those misty sprinklers. 
“Do you think he'll come back?”
Why wouldn't he, I almost said. It would have been thoughtless and cruel. “You have his phone number.”
“He's left behind more than a phone before.” There was no way I could assure Haruki that Duncan would come back. 
“Are you afraid he won't?”
“I don't know. I'm almost afraid he will. You noticed how he didn't talk about himself.”
“Yeah.”
“He wanted me to convince him that I turned out all right.”
“You are.”
“No thanks to him.”
“He can't change what he did,” I said, finding myself defending Duncan for no good reason. Obviously, it hadn't been Haruki's fault that he left, and I knew what it had done to him. Still the future wasn't written. That seemed more important. 
“Of course not. But it's not what happens that matters. It's what we do because of it.”
“So if he comes back, he wants to change. He wants to do something about it.”
“And if he doesn't?”
“I'm sorry.”
“That's the hard part. It's like asking someone out. Sometimes the scariest thing is if she says yes because then you have to do something about it. Rejection is the easy way out. You don't get a choice. You don't have to do anything.”
“What name did you put his number under?”
“Wallace.”
“He's coming back.”
“Why?”
“He's coming back,” I said. It was there in the name. They were linked. They may have taken different paths, but they had split at the same point. You always came back to that point if you lived long enough. 

My final paper was due next class. It wouldn't be my longest, my most researched, or my most admired. It would be the most me. The first three drafts had been horrible – overwritten, overreaching, overbearing. I set out to prove Aristotle wrong, changed to trying to reconcile Aristotle and Kant, before settling on a single line in the Pericles funeral oration in Thucydides. I had already turned in the academic part of my paper. The only thing I had left to add was a pair of personal vignette bookends. A before and after, beginning and end, ignorance and wisdom. 
I paced the basement as I delicately massaged the wording of the story. I tried some of the phrases out loud. It was meant as a speech, to be said with fiery rhetoric in front of a crowd. It wouldn't be. 
The basement door opened behind and above me. The cold air flooded down like water through a crack in a dam. It didn't stop. 
“Haruki, are–” I stopped. Orpheus stood in the doorway. It was deep into twilight. The moon had risen somewhere outside. He didn't seem to mind. 
“Sorry about that. Was I letting the cold air in?” Orpheus stepped down the stairs, the door closing behind him. 
“What do you want?”
“Did you get my package?”
“That was sick. You're sick.”
“Did Haruki watched it?”
“No.”
“Good. I sent him a different one. Gentler, with a woman. Pretty romantic actually. She wanted to be the Juliet to my Romeo without her really dying of course. I obliged her with my death.”
“Get out, Orpheus.”
“I got the perfect woman for Haruki's first time. She wants to do a little reverse role playing as Edward and Bella. It's easier when you can imagine you're someone else.”
“Last chance,” I said, closing the distance between us. “I warned you what would happen if I ever saw you again.”
“You don't have it in you, Celeste. You're not cruel, and it would be cruel because you know I couldn't stop you any more than little red riding hood could stop the big bad wolf.”
He was right. I wasn't cruel. So what would I be if I did what I was about to do? A protector. I would be protecting Haruki. Protecting us. Was this how ordinary men became killers? They decided on a course of action then sought justification for it. That was how heroes became villains. Well, I was never a hero to begin with. 
I stepped toward Orpheus. I did it slowly. I guess I wanted to scare him off more than anything. He was wearing long winter clothes and a ski hat, all black. His face was the only uncovered part of his body. If I wanted to drain him, I would need to touch him there. That disturbed me in a way. 
Orpheus stood his ground, a smile plastered on his face, eager, not afraid. I came closer, not eager, no where else to go. The basement door opened again, a rush of winter air sweeping in. Orpheus didn't turn, but I looked up. 
“You're just in time, Haruki. Celeste was just about to kill me. I wasn't even going to charge her for it.”
“Why would she want to do that?” But it wasn't Haruki. It was Duncan.
“Who the fuck are you?” Orpheus demanded, whirling around. The door was still open, but Duncan had come down the stairs. 
“A friend.”
“What kind of friend?”
“What happened to your neck?” Duncan asked, ignoring the question. Orpheus reached back to rub his neck. I noticed the burns for the first time. Electrical burns. They must have come from the cattle prod in the video. 
“Occupational hazard,” Orpheus said. 
“And what kind of occupation is that?” Duncan asked. 
“Fuck you. You ain't the Gestapo. I don't have to answer your questions.”
“Are you okay, Celeste?” Duncan asked me. 
“Yeah.”
“Do you want this man to leave?”
“Yes,” I said. 
“You heard the lady, Oliver,” he said, stepping back from the stairs so Orpheus could escape. Scared shitless, he dashed up the stairs, wasting no time. At the top of the stairs, Orpheus stopped and glanced back at me for a moment. Then he was gone.
Duncan went up after him, calmly but quickly. I followed, wondering what he planned. Orpheus was climbing into a car. He pulled away as we watched him. Duncan pulled his phone out and began to text. 
“You got his license plate, didn't you?” I asked. He put his phone away. 
“Yes.”
“The car's a rental.”
“That's fine.”
“What are you going to do with it?”
“Make sure he doesn't come back.”
“You mean like kill him?”
“I'm not a murderer, Celeste. Violence isn't the only way to deal with someone,” Duncan said. Was that a dig at me and what I had been about to do before he showed up? Like Pari was always telling me, when I became defensive, I became sarcastic. 
“So you're going to talk to him? You're going to show him the error of his ways. Help him see the light.”
“The police in a dozen states and the FBI want to talk to him. You don't have to worry about him coming back.”
“You said his name,” I said. “You know who he is?”
“Maybe. Fingerprints and DNA will confirm it.” Duncan turned to me. I was afraid of what he was going to ask next. “I don't know how or why you and Haruki attract so many nefarious characters. For your sake, I suggest you stop it.”
And if we can't, I didn't say. 
Just then, out of the night, Haruki appeared at the end of the street, his white hoodie ablaze against the darkness. We waited for him in uncomfortable silence. He rode up and dismounted. 
“What's going on?”  
“Celeste and I were just talking,” Duncan replied. “Are you hungry?”
“Yeah,” Haruki said. After storing his bike, they went off to dinner. I begged off by telling them I was giving them some alone time. Duncan and I both knew the real reason. He thought I was a bad influence. He thought it was my fault that all these nefarious characters stumbled upon us. It was my fault that Haruki had faked his death. I needed some time alone to come to grip with the reality. I was going to have to let him think that because it was safer than the truth.  

The final class of the quarter, of the year, of my life was a victory lap for most of us. Our final papers were due. Most the class would turn them in and sit back to count down the last minutes. For a handful of students, they would presenting their papers. Pari and Eugene said it was an honor to be chosen. I don't think many people believed it. I wasn't chosen, so I didn't care. Iris wasn't either. 
The chosen few went up there and read their papers while the rest of us fought to stay awake. It was a losing battle. The papers were well written but safe, the ideas ordinary and regurgitated from the texts. No wonder I hadn't been chosen with my ambitious mess of a personal paper. 
After the last presentation, there was still time left. Pari asked if anyone not chosen wanted to present a paper. Yeah, right. No one volunteered. Then Iris stood up. She had worn her most professional clothes as if she was a lecturer at a conference. Had she known she would get a chance to speak? Had she cared? 
She looked out at us, then down to her paper. “I'm just going to read my vignettes. I think they convey what I mean. This first part is called Holding up the world. 
“My friends call me conceited. I prefer to think of myself as magnanimous. In ninth grade for an English project at the end of the year we had to read, in front of the class, a piece we had written. The best were going to be chosen to read in front of the whole school. I screwed up on purpose and took the lower grade, so as to avoid the possibility of reading in front of the school. Many things have changed since then. When I first found out that a select few would be chosen to read their papers, I wanted to be one of them. My friend asked me why. I told her. She called me conceited. It has haunted me since. 
“I want to be magnanimous. I think magnanimity is a worthy thing. I think my friend called me conceited less for the reason I gave her, then for saying that I thought I would be magnanimous. Magnanimous for what, she asked, being chosen or for presenting? Was it that Pari and Eugene had deemed my paper worthy of presenting that made it magnanimous? What about Pari and Eugene would make it magnanimous? Or was it the act of reading my paper in front of the class? What about the class would make me magnanimous? Could I be magnanimous if I refused? Over and over again she pounded me like a hammer onto an anvil. The question that stung the most, for I did not consider it, could I be magnanimous if not chosen at all? It was all a prelude. The only question of any worth came to me as I was mercilessly losing in badminton. If I think myself magnanimous, what would be my fate if no one else says so? 
“I don’t think my fate will be similar to any of the characters I discuss, Ajax, Hippolytus, and Dimmesdale. I have no intention of killing myself over this paper, nor do I imagine anyone else doing so. I care not to fathom whether I may suffer Dimmesdale’s fate, but this paper hardly holds the same meaning to me as his piety does to him. The sense remains, though, that I will still be disappointed, if not disgraced, for not being chosen. The fact is that I am not satisfied with being the only one thinking my paper magnanimous and having it be so. At the same time I don’t think that anyone else should have the right to determine whether something I created is magnanimous without my consent. And if that poem I wrote in five minutes on the bathroom wall in Seminar II C is deemed magnanimous by all who read it and this paper is not, then I might as well jump off the roof of the aforementioned building. Now, does that seem like a way to happiness? 
“What I want is a definition of magnanimity that doesn’t allow for magnanimity to be the cause or amplifier of tragedy. I want it to be only good, a virtue worth obtaining, not something to be feared lest it cause suffering. This does not mean there can not be suffering; it means that there cannot be suffering because of greatness or magnanimity. There must be a reconciliation.”
Iris looked up. Her gaze paused on Uʻilani sitting in the front row and on me sitting in the back. It was a side of her I hadn't seen before. It further showed how little we thought we knew people sometimes. She turned back to her paper. 
“This part is called on my broad shoulders. I told my friend I had one of the best papers, period. She asked me how I knew. I told her that I was motivated and that if I did my best, I could not imagine nine of my classmates writing better papers than mine. That cannot be enough to be magnanimous. Neither can, as a couple other presenters confessed to me, simply being chosen. These two aspects must be reconciled so that we don’t all end up like Ajax, Hippolytus, and Dimmesdale. In my case, I follow what I have set forth above. When Pari reads this and says she understands what I am trying to get across, then I shall consider myself magnanimous. Whether she likes, agrees, or laughs over this paper makes no difference to me. Her understanding, of what I was trying to do, shows me that I have done it. I can reasonably ask for nothing more.”
Iris handed the finished paper to Pari, grabbed her bag, and walked out. I sat there, as stupefied as everyone else. Where had that come from? Not the passion or arguments. The fury and righteousness. Eugene went up to the front and asked if anyone else wanted to present. No one was stupid or crazy enough to try and top that. With a have-a-happy-holidays, he dismissed us. 

Orpheus hadn't come back. For that I was thankful. Duncan hadn't left. For that I was unsure. He would disappear to only he known where during the day and show back up like clockwork when Haruki got off work. We went out and did a few things together – a movie or Seattle – as if that was completely normal. Maybe it only seemed awkward to me because I could see all the little things Haruki did to avoid the moonlight. 
“Are you okay?” Haruki asked. 
“Haven't heard from Orpheus in a while,” I replied. 
“Good.”
“Duncan said he would take care of it. Sounds like he did.”
“He's offered to let us live with him in Virgina.”
“And?”
“I said I would talk to you.”
“And?”
“I think we should,” Haruki said. I could stop it with a single word. “Celeste?”
“Okay.”

There was one last thing I had to do before I could graduate. I had to go see Pari one last time. The weather set it up perfectly – dark and rainy. I walked across Red Square feeling the rain begin to soak through my clothes. People ran and biked past me, speeding for cover. Normally, I would have done the same. Today, I was in no hurry for this meeting, this confrontation. 
Her office door was open. She sat behind her desk, hot tea steaming from a mug in front of her. She didn't offer me any. I took my seat, and she got right into it. Pari read me her evaluation of me. I held my breath and waited. This was going on my permanent record, as they said. I waited for the elegant dismissals and veiled anger, for the things she had said in class put on paper. She finished talking, and I was still waiting. The evaluation had been average, boring, impersonal. It was the kind professors wrote when a student made no impression. It wasn't the kind I expected. 
“Are you sure that's mine?” I joked. Pari tossed it dismissively in my direction. She had already signed it, her name next to mine.  
“No one will read this once you leave this school. They will see your degree and that will be enough. In the end, it didn't matter what I wrote.”
“Unless I go to grad school.”
“You won't go to grad school.”
“You don't think I can get in?”
“I think you don't want to go.”
“You sure?”
“Don't forget, Celeste, I have known you in your darkest moments and your brightest. I have seen you full of hope and full of despair. I have seen you sad and happy. I have seen what you are capable of and what you aren't. So I know you, Celeste, and I know you don't want that. There is only one thing you want.”
Was it that simple? Was I that simple? I certainly hadn't been considering grad school. It was like high school. You were just glad to be done with it. College was still an abstraction. You knew it was out there, but it wouldn't be real until after your last summer of true freedom. 
“Do you want me to read my personal evaluation?” I asked. “Or can we just call an end to this farce and leave?”
“If you do not want to tell me what you think about yourself, at least read me your professor evaluation.”
“I'm not sure you want to hear it. Unlike you, I wasn't afraid to tell the truth.”
“You think I am afraid to hear it?”
“The adjective that springs to so many people’s mind, when describing Pari, is motherly. I can see why people say that, but I didn’t feel it personally. Not anymore. Once upon a time, she might have been like the Virgin Mary, the shining pure example of how we should live. We, or just me, are like a bunch of rebellious children that want to touch the fire to make sure it is hot. It is. Mother warned us, but we are curious or arrogant and must see for ourselves. She was the one I went to for advice, for consul on the tough choices. She was the one with the answers. Until now.  
“Thucydides wrote that violence is a hard teacher. I have learned that personally. Unfortunately for Pari, as much as she tries, she can never bring herself to be Pontius Pilate. She is not even Saul on the road to Damascus. At best, she is doubting Thomas, forever unsure of what to believe. 
“It may seem weird to be referencing all these Christian peoples. Pari knows her Greeks better than anyone. But they are all dead. They are all stories. They are all just one more metaphor to fall back on when life gets too complicated. Ask Pari to tell you how to live, and she could point you to a thousand books. She could quote you a thousand philosophers. She could tell you what everyone else thinks. So...
“I would be proud to ask Pari for a recommendation for grad school, honored if she agreed, and understanding if she didn’t. How’s that for an eval?”
“Let me see that,” she said, taking the paper. She scanned the end. 
“Yeah, I made that last part up.” I laughed. Pari shook her head. Ending with the ellipse made all the difference in meaning. It let the reader finish the thought. It let her imagination run wild with her greatest fears. It was the unknown that terrified. 
“Obviously, we have had our differences this quarter. Now, it is over.”
“The quarter, not the differences.”
“I will give you one last piece of advice before you return alone to the world. Machiavelli wrote that a prince can rule by fear or by love, but that it was much safer to rule by fear. Change rule to live. You came to Evergreen with so much potential.”
“Your disappointment and disapproval don't mean what they use to.”
“I pray you don't leave this life with so much left unused.”
“I'm not like you, Pari. I'm not settling. I'm still searching, still working for what I want. I'm done looking in your books. You can keep them. Good luck finding the answers there.”
I stood up, laying the extra copies of my evaluations on her desk. I turned to go, opening the door. That's as far as I got. 
“Have you seen Iris since the last class?” Pari asked. 
“No,” I said, stopping. 
“She didn't come in for her evaluation.”
“Are you going to fail her?”
“Of course not. I am simply concerned about her.”
“Maybe you should call her or talk to Uʻilani.”
“I did. She left a note saying she would be back after she helped a friend.”
“What friend?”
“I thought it was you, Celeste.” 
“No. It wasn't me,” I said, walking out. Maybe I was still her friend. Maybe Giselle had never been. Words didn't matter now. Actions did. Iris had gone and done something. I was pretty sure I knew what it was, and I was damn sure I didn't know what to do about it. 

Winter Solstice

The longest night of the year was hours away. There was nothing special about it, except that it meant Haruki would be able to go out more without elaborate preparations and consulting a star chart. Or some such thing. It was also the day after fall quarter evaluations were due. It was a Saturday. Normally, the campus admin staff would be sitting at home watching Lifetime movie marathons like they did every weekend. They weren't because campus was closed all next week for Christmas. It was the first day you could pick up your diploma, the reason we had spent all this money and time here. 
Haruki was still working at the garden store until the last minute, more from obligation than need. He was the only one there besides the owner, all the other student workers having left until next year. We parted at the stop for his old apartment. I stayed on the bus to Evergreen, and he rode his bike the other way. 
Campus was deserted. I mean like completely. They hadn't even bothered to book a parking attendant, having guessed correctly that the only cars in the lot would be staff. I made my way across a fog shrouded Red Square, a light wind cutting through to my flesh not covered by layers. 
The lights were on in the library, but it was quieter than even a library should be. I looked around the main floor, the place where I had first met Haruki, and Pari and Newman. I made my way downstairs passed one of the phased out classrooms we had used in simpler times. Admin appeared empty on first look. I rang the little metal bell like some unsure and weary motel guest. After a few moments, a little Vietnamese woman, I think, in glasses appeared eagerly and surprised behind the counter. 
“I'm here for my diploma.”
“They are not ready yet.”
“I was told they printed them out after you finished your first quarter here, since it's so hard not to graduate.”
“The president must give it to you. Come to the ceremony. They have a private one for non-summer graduates.”
“I don't need congratulations. Just the piece of paper.”
“As you wish,” she said. I gave her my student ID and she went off to find it in some filing cabinet. I looked around since this would be my last time ever here. It wasn't anything memorable. I took one of the Evergreen branded pens because I assumed they were free and a mini candy cane because it had to be. 
I felt more than heard another person near me. I glanced over my shoulder. She stood in the doorway looking at me, black hair matted to her head, a motorcycle superbike helmet under her arm. I was more sure she was Indian than the other woman was Vietnamese. 
“She's in the back,” I said, my mouth talking around the candy cane. “She'll be right back.” 
“What are you doing here?”
“Getting my diploma.”
“I didn't think the school would be open today.”
“Special exception.”
“For you?”
“No,” I laughed. “Probably some state union workers rule about holidays trumping Saturdays.”
“Here you go.” The Vietnamese woman had returned. “Sign here.” I did without reading it. She handed me a piece of paper. “See? Not very pretty.” 
It was in black and white. The signature was printer ink not pen. The paper felt cheap. None of it mattered. It was mine. It was what it meant. No one could take that away. 
“They misspelled your middle name.” It was the motorcycle woman. She was looking over my shoulder. I hadn't even heard her come over. Or felt her. 
I read my name. They had. There was an extra M in Amanda. My parents had given it to me in case Celeste had been too different. Kids could be mean after all. The motohead had known it was wrong and had told me with certainity. 
“You need help?” 
“No,” the motorcycle chick replied. “I haven't been to school in ages.”
“Nisha,” I said, turning to fully face her. Haruki hadn't lied. She was exactly as he had said she was. The perfect skin, even more so than his, even six years removed, even to my non-teenage boy eyes. The nightfall hair, curls, the strains of some onyx. And the eyes, deep and dark and mysterious and piercing. Could she have looked more different than me with my sun hair, fair skin, and eyes old beyond their years?
She was beautiful, a goddess, and I should have been a quaking mortal beside her. My younger self would have been. Boys and men would have been. I wasn't. I had seen Giselle and heard Magnus talk about his wife and felt Lupe love me. Nisha wasn't so extraordinary in comparison. 
“Celeste,” she said, giving it a bluntness so different from Haruki's reverence, Lupe's longing, and Iris's friendliness. “So he told you about me. What did he say?”
The woman was watching on, probably wondering if we were going to start nail scratching and hair pulling any minute. Not physically at least. We would keep the barbs verbal and emotional. It was like the advice they gave to wife-beaters, don't leave a mark on the face. You didn't have to; we didn't have to; it would all be there in the eyes.  
I turned back to the registration woman, thanked her for my diploma, and walked out. Nisha would follow me. She hadn't come all this way, from wherever she had, to just sneer my name and disappear. She wanted to talk to me, and I didn't want to talk to her in front of anyone else. 
I wasn't afraid of her. I wondered if I should have been. Her motives were unsaid, her arrival unexpected, her power unknown. If there was a recipe for maximum fear, it might have seemed a bit like Nisha talking to me right now. I had faced down Hunter and his gun, Magnus and his apathy, Kachada and his dungeon. Nisha wasn't so intimidating in comparison. 
Then again, she had something none of them had. One night long ago, she had Haruki. 
Red Square was as empty as I had left it. The dome of fog made it seem like we were in some arena, trapped until we had our reckoning. I stopped and turned. Nisha had followed a discreet distance behind me, watching and waiting to see what I would do. I was ready to talk. She came up to me. 
“Here?” Nisha asked, looking around at the open space beneath the dome. 
“Why not?”
“You want to talk?”
“Why not?”
“I'm not much of a talker. I'm more of a doer.”
“No pun intended?” I asked. It was an inside-inside joke, the way kids said 'do it' instead of sex, the way they talked around things, back when they were innocent, the way Haruki might have before he met Nisha. I didn't think she got it. 
“Cute. Let's go for a ride,” she said, tossing me her helmet. It was way heavier than I anticipated. It felt solid, a blunt force object, a weapon if I wanted to swing it at her face, to smash her teeth in, to make her feel some of the pain she had caused Haruki over the years. 
“Why would I?”
“Why not?” Nisha smiled. It was as close to real as she probably got. I tightened my grip, but I didn't swing. I had started it, but she had won it. “Damn. You're just like Haruki. I would have taken a swing. Or at least said, fuck you.”
“I'm not like you.”
“You don't know that.”
“I do. I met someone else just like you. He made a Luna. I met her. She told me her what he did, just like Haruki told me what you did. You know what happened to him? He tried to make my friend into one, too. It didn't work out for him. He picked the wrong woman to fuck with. Pun intended.”
“See? You are a little like me.”
“What do you want?” I said, shoving the helmet back at her. She caught it lightly as she knew I would do it. 
“Haruki told you his side of the story.”
“I don't want to hear yours.”
“I told you. I'm not a talker. I bet he's never taken you to where it happened.”
“No,” I conceded. Why would he?
Nisha pressed the helmet back into my chest, hard, as she passed. She expected me to follow her. There was no good reason for me to do so. Sometimes you didn't need a good reason, or any reason at all. It just felt like you had to. 
Her bike was one of the few vehicles in the parking lot. She slid on as I pulled the helmet over my head, crushing my ears to get it on. My hair spread out like a fan behind me. I pushed up the sun glare visor.  
“You're going to want to keep that down,” she said, sliding a pair of wrap around shades on herself. I climbed onto the back of her bike. It was what they called a crotch rocket. Sitting on it, I understood why. The power reverberated throughout your body from the crotch up. 
“What are you overcompensating for?” I asked her. Powerlessness or immortality? 
“Wrong question.” She reached back and guided my arms around to her front. She let me clasp them together, but the feeling remained, the psycho-sexual echo of what she was. Delicate entrapment. “Hold on tight.” 
Nisha gunned the excessive engine, released the brake, left skid marks on the pavement. I took her advice and squeezed her tightly. Her hair whipped into my visor looking like the streamers we used to put in fans. 
I-5 was east. We went the opposite way, the same way Haruki and I had once driven to escape Hunter. I doubted we were going there. The was only one thing in this direction, besides the end of the continent, the ferry to Whidbey Island.
We stared out at the ocean, the boat tumbling beneath us. We could have been two friends heading to the island for a weekend vacation. In another life we could have been a great many things. In another life we would never have met. 
“We're going to where you met Haruki,” I said. It was obvious. She didn't feel the need to confirm it. “Why?”
“I want you to see it. It will help you understand him.”
“You want to see it again. So you can understand him.”
“Tell me about him, and we'll get on the next ferry back.”
“No.”
“Then you get to the see the place you've only heard in stories,” she said. 
“I'll meet you at the bike,” I said. Nisha didn't bother to watch me go. There was no need. I had come along, and there was no where to run to. I glanced back anyway. That wasn't it. She wanted to stare at the ocean. 
I found a restroom and a stall. I had Haruki's number ready to dial. I didn't want to lie to him. I said I wouldn't, so I wouldn't. I would just tell him when I got back. I canceled the call. 
Nisha was waiting for me at the bike as the ferry pulled into dock. 
“Did you call him?”
“What do you think?”
“Yes, but you didn't tell him you were with me.”
“No.”
“No what?”
“You're wrong,” I said. With that, I slid the helmet back over my head, effectively ending the conversation. For now. 
A light rain fell across the island. It was the exact kind they warned you not to ride motorcycles in. I clung to Nisha tighter. Her body was tense. From the journey or the end or something else, I couldn't tell. I regretted not at least texting Haruki, telling him I loved him in case I had made a terrible terrible mistake. Too late now. 
The island didn't feel so big when you were speeding like you knew every turn. Nisha took a back way, avoiding most of Oak Harbor proper. Cute little overpriced beach houses lined the merger shore just like they did along the entire Washington and Oregon coast. She pulled the bike off to the side. We went between a pair of empty houses. The beach was more pebbles than sand, more hope than reality. 
“Why were you here?”
“Why do you think?”
“That's not what I meant,” I said. It was obvious why she was there. Haruki was evidence of her success. “Why did you choose this place, this town, this beach? That night.”
“I knew a guy. Piece of shit drug dealer.”
“Roy. What happened to him?” She glanced back at me. “You said knew.”
“The same thing that happens to every drug dealer. They go straight or go to jail or die.”
“So that's it? You tag along with drug dealers until you find some innocent boy to destroy?”
“Not always drug dealers. Not always boys.”
“And innocence?”
“Not necessarily. And not destruction. The first law of thermodynamics: there is neither creation nor destruction, only transformation.”
“That deals with matter and energy.”
“What are we?”
“More than that,” I said, and believe it.
“I used to think so once.”
“What happened?” 
“I was about to leave when Haruki showed up,” she said, ignoring my question. “There was a fire, but I was getting cold. I never had much luck with small towns. The backwaters. Racists and rednecks. Haruki was out of place with his dark skin and his loneliness. The rest of them could fake it. He didn't. That was only thing different about him. Otherwise, he could have just been like them, a member of the herd. He came toward us. I knew he wasn't coming to see me, but it didn't matter. I saw him, and he never stood a chance. He was a gazelle among lions, blinding stumbling to his own slaughter.”
She was a lioness, a hunter. She waited and stalked. She failed, or she killed. 
Back before I was in high school, before we had moved again, I begged my parents to let me have a dog. I wanted a Lab or something to play fetch with and curl up next to at night. They got me a Rhodesian Ridgeback, a lion hunter from the cape of Africa. He ended up weighing more than me. I would walk him in the park, and people would part before me like Moses at the Red Sea. It broke my heart when I had to leave him behind. I could have used the lion hunter now. 
If predators hunted prey, what did you call what hunted the king of the jungle? 
We got back on the bike. We rode north, and I knew where we were going. Haruki had made it seem like he had told Nisha his whole life story on the way to the casino. If he had, it must have been a short one. With the way she sped, we made it there in less than ten minutes. 
There was a corridor of sunlight shining around the casino that seemed like an out of place mirage. The parking lot was full on this Saturday, people gambling away their last minute Christmas money. Trumped up tribal statues and designs greeted us. It wasn't my place to judge, but it all seemed very faux. 
The nightclub wasn't open yet. Nisha knocked on the door only after finding it locked. A few seconds later, she pounded. An employee eventually opened it and looked us over. Inside, lights were being tested and the DJ was doing the sound check. 
“We're not open yet.”
“One song,” Nisha said, holding up what looked like a twenty. He glanced around for a supervisor. With none in sight, he stepped back a bit to let us in. 
“Five minutes, and you leave via the back.”
“Thanks. The real DJ here?” Nisha asked. He nodded toward the turntables, closing the door quickly behind us. She turned to me. “You want me to request it?”
“No.”
“You know which one it is?”
“Of course,” I said. 
“I'll be waiting.” She walked out onto the empty dance floor. The multi-colored lights made her look like some multi-armed Indian goddess. I went up to the DJ testing his equipment. 
“Can you play me a song?”
“I'm not on yet.”
“One song. She wants you to play Death Cab for Cutie. I Will Follow You into the Dark.” He stopped and looked up at me. There was surprise in his eyes. He looked passed me, to Nisha swaying by herself on the dance floor. 
“I thought she liked guys.”
“You know her?”
“Not really. Saw her once. Only other request I ever got for that song. Couldn't forget that one. She was with this kid. Looked like he was sixteen. Lucky bastard.”
“He wasn't,” I mumbled. “Play something for her. Play the opposite of Death Cab.” 
He looked up at me and smiled. He had the perfect song. I left him and slowly walked back toward Nisha. The club went quiet, then the first chords faintly filled the room. It sounded like the original request. 
Nisha was still swaying, but now her eyes were on me. The eyes of a hunter. I reached her aura just as the melody changed. A new song broke in and took over, the stuttering of a single syllable. I knew what it was, and I couldn't help but smile because was indeed perfect. Muse. Madness.
She reached out and pulled me tango close. She slipped her arms under mine, pushing mine up until they wrapped around her neck. I felt her hands slide to the small of my back. This is how she had been with Haruki, but she hadn't felt this way. Neither had he. 
“You chose your own song.”
“It seemed more appropriate.” 
“True true. I like it when you play along.”
“Are you trying to seduce me?”
“No,” she replied with a smile. “Do you want me to?”
“No.”
“Would it make you feel better if I tried?”
“Probably not.”
“Even if you managed to resist?”
“I never imagined I wouldn't, so the answer is the same.”
“Haruki didn't,” she said. I almost said that I wasn't Haruki. That wasn't fair though to him or me or us. 
“You know Death Cab is his favorite band?” I said instead. He had told me that once. I had never actually heard him listen to them. Maybe I should have let the DJ play them, so I could listen to them as he had once. Too late now.  
“Favorite song, too?”
“I don't know.”
“You two have a song?” She spun me so she could look into my eyes. I didn't answer. “What is it?”
“You wouldn't understand it.”
“Try me.”
“Do you always play them a song? Your victims.” 
She had played one for Haruki. Theron had played one for Giselle and a different one for Iris. It was unlikely to be a coincidence. 
“Yes. Don't you watch movies? It's part of the seduction. It's our peacock feathers.”
“How do you choose the song?”
“Very carefully.”
“It's important than.”
“For them, no. For me, yes.”
“What if you can't play a song?”
“You mean what did I do before iPods, discmen, and Walkmen? Houses have record players. Streets have musicians. Cars have radios.” 
I was of the generation where the Internet had always been a reality. Records were blacks things in boxes in the attic. 
“How old are you?”
“Didn't your mother tell you never to ask a lady that?”
“You're not a lady.”
“How old do I look?”
“That's not what I asked.”
“Old enough to appreciate my life. Young enough not to want it to end just yet.”
With that, the song ended if not the madness. Nisha dipped me, her arms stronger that I thought. My hair swept the floor. My world turned upside down. In that moment, I felt an echo of what Haruki must have those years ago. She pulled me back up. 
“Come.”
I half-expected her to take my hand; instead, she let go of me. The DJ pointed us to the back exit, his jealous eyes never leaving us. We left the nightclub and found the only place in the casino without slot machines: the stairs. Nisha stepped up each one deliberately, purposefully, as if daring me to follow. I was unsure why I was. 
The faint conversation of the people entering the elevator abruptly ended. The hallway with suddenly quiet and empty. Nisha found the room she wanted. The room she had visited once before. There was no sign. It could have been occupied or vacant, just like in the song. She took something out of her pocket. A card. 
“What are you doing?”
“Seeing if this maid key still works.”
“I'm not going in there. 
“I'm surprised you made it this far.
“I'm not afraid. 
People only say that when they're terrified. 
What do you want, Nisha?” She slid the card into the slot. It didn't work. She put it back into her pocket and turned fully to me. 
“I wanted to meet you.”
“And?”
“I wanted to find out what you knew. What he had told you. I wanted to see if you loved him like he loved you. I wanted to meet the kind of woman that would love a man she could never touch without hurting him. I wanted to meet the woman that a Luna would suffer for. You're not what I imagined.”
“What did you imagine?”
“Old. Haggard. Lonely.”
“Sorry to disappoint you. Not.”
“You haven't. Not at all. This has been fun. I've had Luna try to find me before. Usually they want revenge or salvation or sometimes they're just plain obsessed. Those are just the ones too stupid to realize they'll never find me unless I want to be found. The others just go crazy or disappear, never to be heard from again.”
“So what now?”
“I leave you here and go see who Haruki has become.”
That was when I decided it was time to hit her. Unfortunately, she had been waiting all day for me to try something like that. I threw some sort of wild right hook. She slipped outside it like a boxer and kneed me in the liver. Or the kidney. Or something that hurt really really bad as I grabbed the wall on my way down. As I lay there, Nisha pilfered my cell phone. 
“So this was all just to get me away from Haruki?”
“No. I meant what I said. I'll leave your phone on his bed.” Nisha turned and walked away toward the elevators. 
“Nisha!” I yelled after her. “I finally realized what we have in common. We both remember a special night with Haruki.” That got her to turn back at the elevators. “Except you only had him for that one night. I had him that night and for years. Still do. Even here. I still have him.”
“We'll see, Celeste.”
The elevator doors clanged open. Nisha stepped inside and disappeared. 

Winter I

The plane took off. Finally, I felt like I could take a breath, a safe one. Haruki and I had been the first in line, our seats in the front. The gate attendant should have sat us last. She was young and Haruki batted his eyelashes at her. She lets us on early. I looked at every person entering the plane: the passengers, the flight attendants, and the pilots. 
Nisha. I wasn't convinced she wouldn't just show up until we lifted off the ground. I half-expected her to just sweep in at the end like the desperate hero of some romantic comedy. It would have been closer to tragedy. There was still the chance she could have someone waiting at the destination airport for us. I doubted it though. She didn't have people like that just available at a moment's notice. 
Haruki stared out the window at the falling ground below. Maybe he would fall asleep later. I could be his shield now like he had been mine for the night before. There had been no way I was going to beat Nisha back to Olympia and Haruki. Plus, she had taken my phone and with it his phone number. I found the number of the garden store on-line. After about ten minutes of non-stop ringing, Haruki had answered. An hour later, he had all our important pre-packed things out of the basement. I told him I would tell him why we were leaving early when I got there. 
I had waited to tell him until we took off. That's why he was staring out the window instead of talking to me. What I would give to know what he was thinking. Nisha hadn't found him. That was enough for now. 
She had been true to her word. My phone was on the bed next to a single violet. I took the one and left the other. I did my best to make sure I wasn't followed as we made our way to PDX. Duncan paid to get us switched to an earlier flight. All the while, my heart pounded, and I waited for Nisha to inevitably show up and ruin everything. She never did. 
Five hours later, it was already night when the plane landed in Virginia. Haruki had opened the shade only after the plane descended below the clouds. Lights dotted then covered the land below us. On the ground, it was the snow that stood out. The banks and drifts were dirty and hard just beyond the runway. We weren't in Olympia anymore. 
Duncan was suppose to meet us at the airport. We didn't see him waiting beyond the security point. Haruki called him from the baggage carousel. No answer. Great. We escape Nisha, leave our life behind, fly across the country, and no shows up to meet us. 
“Celeste? Haruki?” It wasn't Duncan. A woman's voice. I felt a hand on my shoulder. We both stepped back as we turned to see who it was. She stood there with a warm easy smile framed by her cute blonde bob. She was about our height, the rest of her white body swallowed by the gray parka she wore. Her skin revealed her age, thirty or forty, her eyes still full of life. “I'm Sage. Your father asked me to pick you up.” 
Before I could react, she gave me a hug. It caught me so off guard that I had to tell myself to return it. I had my backpack slung over one shoulder, so it ended up being like a three quarters hug. It probably felt as awkward to her as it did to me. Haruki bowed to her before she had a chance to try it on him. She returned it, laughing as she did. 
“I bet I just screwed that up,” she said. 
“I'm not judging you.”
“Well, that's good.”
“Where's Duncan?” Haruki asked. Curiosity flashed across her face for a moment. Probably from the way Haruki called Duncan by his first name, not the question itself. 
“He had to fly out on short notice. He should be back soon. Do you have any bags?”
“Yeah,” I said. They were coming toward us from the other side. I pointed them out. Sage grabbed the bags off. She tried to drag them, but stopped after a few feet. Combined, they probably weighed close to what she did. 
“Did you pack the kitchen sink in there?”
“We thought you had one,” I said. 
“We do. I'll bring the car around. Meet you out front,” she said, running off toward the exit. I picked up my bag to follow her. Haruki didn't. 
“She just seems, almost like, too friendly,” he said. 
“Like she's faking it? Overcompensating?”
“Or she's really excited to see us.”
“Which is weird because...”
“It makes no sense.”
“We can leave right now. Before she gets back.”
“No. It's not that. I'm not worried about her. It's just...”
“You wish your father had come himself.”
“It's stupid. I know.”
“It's not. We came here for him. But this isn't the end, Haruki. This is the beginning.”
“I hope so,” he said. I did, too. We had abandoned Olympia and all its memories behind. We had escaped Nisha and all her games. We had discovered Duncan and all he represented.
Sage brought the car around. It was more than a car – a Cadillac Escalade with tinted windows and what felt like inches of steel in the door. I tried to sit in the back with Haruki, but Sage insisted that one of us keep her company in the front. All three of us wanted it to be me. 
I turned back to look at Haruki. Sage had a point. It was a long way to the backseat. I nodded to the tinted windows. He shrugged. They would keep the moon out, but we both knew that wasn't the primary purpose. This was a fortress. And we had thought we had enemies. 
“I like flying. Most people don't. You would think I wouldn't either especially since there's no such thing as a short flight in Australia.” That's where the accent was from. “You ever hear that Louis CK joke about everything being great and no one being happy? I guess it wasn't really a joke. An observation.”
I hadn't heard it, so I ignored the question. It was all relative, like what Adam Smith had said about diamonds and water. There were moments when you would give all the diamonds in the world for a cup of water. There were also moments when you would risk death to hang on to a single one. 
“Where you from in Australia?” I asked. 
“You been there?”
“No. My mom went to a conference once in Alice Springs.”
“I love the Alice. My pa used to let us go with him once a month when I was little. We drove three hours to get there. I used to think it was the biggest city in the world. The first time I went to a real city, I almost died. The buildings were so tall. They seemed to go on forever like the desert did in the outback. I saw more people in a day than I had in my entire life. Sometimes I want to go back there.”
“Why don't you?”
“Me without running water, just enough power to turn on the lights, and every meal out of a tin can? It wouldn't be a pretty sight now.”
“You could just visit,” I suggested. It was expensive to fly there, but they seemed to have plenty of money. Sage didn't answer. 
“You can never just visit,” Haruki said from the back. I saw her glance up at the mirror to look at him. I pondered what he had said, then my heart stopped. Sage looked back at the road, her face contemplative but not shocked. I looked to the backseat. Haruki was staring out the window, his hood drawn across his face, his skin. 
My heart began beating again. She either had a great poker face, or she hadn't seen the blue aura radiating off Haruki when you saw his skin in a mirror. This time. We were barely into this trip, and we were already being too careless around other people. 
Or worse. You can never just visit, Haruki had said. Not that we were here to visit. We were here to stay. Maybe he didn't mean us. Maybe he meant Nisha and me and Oak Harbor. Maybe he meant Duncan and him and Olympia. Or maybe he just said it because he knew what Sage felt. It wasn't that you didn't want to go back. It was that you couldn't. 
An hour later according to the clock on the dash, we arrived. It was dark out here, this far in the country. The only lights came from the farms scattered here and there in the distance. A heavy ornate gate opened without Sage seeming to push anything. It closed behind us. Little lamps formed a runway like the one we had just left. A forest of thick trees blocked the view from the road. We drove through it and continued along the channel. It opened up to acres and acres of fields. In the dead center, the lights leading the way, a single porch light hung above a house door. 
As we neared it, more lights flooded the area in artificial sunlight. The house was massive and old, the style straight out of colonial Virginia tobacco plantations. Next to it was a modern gaudy three car garage. This time, Sage pushed a button and the door opened. Inside it was sleek and clean. New and expensive machinery sat in organized fashion along the walls. In the far bay, four motorcycles were neatly lined up. The bay next to us was empty, the vehicle gone with Duncan presumably. None of it seemed to fit with the house a few feet away. 
Sage left the keys in the ignition before getting out. I went around to help Haruki haul our bags out of the back. 
“We can get those tomorrow.”
“Maybe we should leave the tour until then as well,” Haruki said. “We're tried.”
“Sure,” she replied. She opened one of the cabinets and handed us a battery power camping lantern. 
“We're not sleeping outside I hope,” I said. 
“Of course not. Duncan just finished connecting the heat a couple days ago. There's just no lights leading to it.”
We powered up our lanterns and went outside into the snow. We didn't need them for the immediate vicinity. The flood lights stretched brightly into the darkness. Half a soccer field beyond the lights, we almost ran into a structure. I held up my lantern to see it better.  
“These are the slave quarters,” Haruki said. 
“I prefer the term guest house,” Sage replied. 
“It's whatever you believe it is,” I said. 
“Exactly. I like that,” she said, opening the door. The lights didn't come on automatically. Sage flipped the switch on the wall. It was spare and bare. A studio without modern amenities. Sure there was a stove and fridge, but they weren't new like all the stuff in the garage. The blackened fireplace was gated up with no wood in sight. The couple chairs and desk probably belonged to the previous owner. Off to the side, against the wall, was the sole queen sized bed. It was warm, so we shut the door securely behind us. Sage pointed out all the things I had just noticed plus the pair of space heaters preventing us from freezing to death. 
“Breakfast is at eight. Or nine. Or whenever I get up.”
“Goodnight, Sage,” I said. She hugged me again and bowed to Haruki. She stopped at the door. 
“One last thing. If you ever need help, like emergency help. Just yell 'abracadabra' as loud as you can.”
“Abracadabra?”
“Yeah. And like magic, we appear,” she said. For the first time, I noticed an alarm panel on the wall, a piece of modernity out of place with the rest of the room. A single red light flashed on the otherwise darkened screen. I didn't remember it being on. The magic of technology. Sage left us alone. 
“What are you thinking?”
“Nothing,” he answered, walking over to the fridge. It was empty except for a case of light beer. He was lying. I knew it, and he knew that I knew it. 
“Typical,” I said. Haruki turned to look at me. He smiled when he saw that I was joking. He tapped his ear and wave his finger to the rest of the room. Bugged. He thought someone was listening in? I shook my head no. He shrugged. 
“What do you want to do?”
“Go to sleep,” I said. “We can see everything better in the morning.”

Technically, dawn arrived earlier in Virginia than in Olympia. Just like, technically, the days were getting longer. A few minutes didn't make much different until you added them all together. Some, but not all, of life was like that. 
Haruki and I hung around the cabin for a while, talking about nothing, in case someone was listening. I was hungry, but I wanted to get my stuff first. As we approached the garage, the flood lights came on despite the daylight. It was closed and locked up. Combined with the cold, it forced us to the main house. It was locked, too. 
We could head back to the cabin and wait for Sage to come find us, or we could knock and risk waking her up. She had seemed cool enough last night. I knocked. A few moments later, the deadbolt on the door snapped back but didn't open. I twisted the knob and pushed my way in. The door felt solid, like more than a door should. I closed the door behind us and noticed the back, steel covered by decorative fabric. 
The inside of the house was as classical as the outside. A chandelier hung in the foyer. A grand staircase led up. Arcs supported the room breaks. The floor was expensive hardwood. It was new, but somehow fit with rest of the opulence. It was like stepping back in time with random bits of modern touches. Music drifted from down the hall. Turn of the century pop. We ventured toward it and the artificial light. 
Sage was in the kitchen tending to a pancake in the skillet. The music was louder and clearer here, coming from the porch sunroom just off the kitchen. Out there the table was already set for three. She smiled at us, sipping orange juice. 
“Mimosa? I hope you like pancakes. I got bacon, eggs, sausage, muffins. You're not vegetarian, are you? I should have asked.”
“No,” I answered for us both.
“It's okay if you are. I have some tofu stuff for Faizel. And there is always pancakes!” She pulled a fully stacked plate out of the oven and flipped the newest one on top. 
“Any word from my father?” 
“They're coming back this afternoon,” she said. I assumed 'they' meant Duncan and this Faizel guy; however, there had been four motorcycles in the garage. If Sage had wanted us to know, she would have said more. Haruki would ask Duncan when he got back. 
“Meanwhile, those pancakes look awesome,” I said. They tasted awesome, too. It was the kind of epic Sunday brunch I hadn't had since before my mom made my dad go on a healthy diet. I stuffed myself so much I was still full when a car pulled up to the house in late afternoon. 
The three of us were relaxing in the giant living room. Sage had shown us the rest of the house, minus a couple of the bedrooms. I had seen enough to know there were more empty ones than full ones. It begged the question as to why we were staying where we were. 
We heard the rumble of the engine, then saw the illumination of the garage lights played out in the window, then felt the rush of cold air as the side door opened. Haruki stood up as the pair of footsteps came closer. Sage stayed in her seat, her excited poker face just shy of perfect. I split the difference and stood as Duncan entered first. His face broke into a smile at the sight of Haruki. I thought he might let himself go or break character by hugging him, or at the very least give him the classic handshake between father and son. Instead he settled for a sight bow to Haruki's deep one. He gave me one, too, but my eyes were on the man that had followed him in. 
Fiazel strutted in like he owned the room. When I thought about it, he probably did. He was of average height and build, his skin Arab like his name, his beard darker than his dark curly hair. It was his eyes that got me though, the way they glanced over, evaluated, and dismissed me. He headed straight for Sage and kissed her on both cheeks where she sat. She hadn't given us any indication that Fiazel and her were like that. Finally, he turned his attention to Haruki and me, giving us more than a second of his time. We both bowed to him. He didn't return it, but he didn't try to touch Haruki, so I wasn't going to complain. 
“This is my son Haruki and his girlfriend Celeste,” Duncan said, making the introductions. “This is Fiazel.” 
“Sage has shown you hospitality?”
“Yes. Thank you,” I said. No other question was forthcoming, and I didn't have any I felt comfortable asking. Faizel looked down at Sage.
“What is for dinner?”
“I hadn't thought about it. I lost track of time talking with Celeste and Haruki.”
“Moroccan chicken.”
“Of course,” Sage replied. Faizel left without another word. We all waited in silence for someone to break the awkwardness. “I guess I better get on that.” Sage exited toward the kitchen. That left me as the third wheel. 
“I'm going to go see if she needs some help,” I said. Besides, Haruki had to get the download on Faizel and the rest of the quirks of this place. 
Dinner was the opposite of breakfast: silted, formal, silent. The only similarity was the taste of the food. We attempted some small talk about the weather and the food. Faizel didn't, and that hung over the whole proceedings. After a few minutes of water sipping and chicken chewing, I asked what three of us wanted to know. 
“How was your trip, Faizel?” He looked up from soaking his bread in the juices. I gave him my best innocent look. 
“It was productive.”
“Glad to be back home?”
“I am always glad to come back here,” he said, after chewing through a piece of bread. He was one of those: a guy who would consider your question and give you an honest answer even if it wasn't the full truth. Later on, as I lay in bed and pondered what we had got ourselves into, it wasn't his non-answer I thought about. It was the way he changed the question. He hadn't said home; he had said back here. He wasn't from here, anymore than Sage or Duncan or we were. 
We were all exiles. We had always been. 

It was an especially cold morning. It was a new year, I finally realized, as I checked the extended forecast on my phone. It and Christmas had passed without us marking it as anything special. Our new year had come early, when we had come here. It wasn't happy just yet. 
We had fallen into the routine of Ararat. That's what they called it, like the mountain where Noah supposedly landed after the Flood. I just thought of it as the compound. You couldn't hear or see any neighbors except at the edge of it. Maybe we created a new routine. Haruki would go off with Duncan. They would do stuff alone, or occasionally with Faizel. Mostly he just stood back and observed, taking everything in, saying little. I would hang out with Sage, whether I wanted to or not. She would always find me. It was almost like being at camp, the way boys and girls didn't mix except at meal time. Or when we went back to our rooms and the lights went down. I was seeing too much of her and not enough of Haruki. If things continued, they would have to change.   
My phone buzzed in my hand. I didn't recognize the number, and I couldn't place the area code. It was cold, but I didn't think anyone would be calling me from the house. 
“Hello?”
“Morning, Celeste. I won't go so far as to call it good.”
“Nisha,” I said. Of course she had my number. She had taken my phone and that was all she would have needed to get it. “What do you want?”
“I was just calling to say hello.”
“Goodbye.” But I didn't hang up. 
“You're a pretty clever little girl, Celeste.”
“I've heard that before.”
“And you're an annoying little bitch, too.”
“Ditto,” I said. That made her laugh. I knew I shouldn't be encouraging her, but I couldn't help it. I wasn't going to let her intimidate me with insults and threats. 
“You know what my major problem is right now?”
“You don't know where we are.” It was the only thing that made sense. It was why she was calling instead of standing in front of me. She couldn't find us, so she thought she would try to get me to give up the ghost, as they say. It wasn't going to work. 
“Congrats. You got me on that,” Nisha acknowledged. “I'm impressed. It's just a minor setback. My real problem is you.”
“I'd apologize, but I'm not really sorry. Like at all.”
“You shouldn't apologize. The problem isn't that I hate you. It's that I like you, Celeste. You're smart and resourceful and if you weren't keeping me away from Haruki, we would probably be friends.”
“We'd never be friends, Nisha. Not in this life or any other.”
“Maybe you're right. Maybe I wouldn't want to be your friend. I've talked to some of them, and they don't seem to think as highly of you as I do.”
“I'm hanging up now.”
“If you're saying it, you're not doing it.”
I hung up on her. She called right back of course. I let her do it a couple more times before answering. 
“Take Uʻilani for example,” she said, without me saying a word. “She's your friend, right? You care about your friends, don't you?” I didn't answer. She was trying to draw me into a conversation by asking me rhetorical questions. “Don't you have any honor?”
“Don't you?” I replied. So much for staying quiet. 
“You already know that answer.” But I didn't. She had kept her word about the cell phone, but she had also made her intention clear to go after Haruki. I didn't know a damn thing about her honor. 
“You know what Uʻilani asked me? If I knew where you were. Obviously, I didn't, but she wasn't really interested in where you were. What she really wanted to know was if you knew where your mutual friend Iris was.”
“What's your point, Nisha? I already know about your ability to make people spill their guts.”
“I really am quite good at that, aren't I? All I had to do was bat my lashes at Pari, and she told me everything you wouldn't. I almost went to bed with her, you know. She wanted me to, but I wasn't in the mood for the walk of shame afterward.”
“And yet you still don't know where we are.”
“That's what I like about you, Celeste. You're like me. You gave your whole life for the one thing you wanted. I can respect that.” 
“What was the one thing you wanted?”
“Can't you guess?”
“I could, but I don't have time,” I said. Sage was stomping her snowy boots on the mat in front of the door. 
“Don't worry. We'll talk again.”
“Probably not.”
“I'm call you from Albuquerque,” Nisha said and hung up. She had been holding onto that, waiting for the moment I thought I was out, free, safe. Then she stabbed me right in the gut. Metaphorically of course. There was no literal way she was going to find me unless I let her. I wasn't planning to let her. 
“Who was that?” Sage asked, merely curious not suspicious. I almost said, no one. That would have encouraged more questions that I didn't want to answer. 
“Someone from Olympia.”
“An old friend?”
“I wouldn't call her that. Mean girl. Yeah. Obsessive control freak. Definitely. She thinks I stole something from her.”
“Did you?”
“No,” I said. He was never hers to begin with. 
“Doesn't matter to me. They say there's no honor among thieves.”
“I wouldn't know about that.”
“About honor?”
“Thieves.”
“Yeah, well...” Sage stopped. “Anyway...” And she was off onto something more safe and mundane. 
The first chance I had away from Sage, I texted Uʻilani to warn her that Nisha was just like Theron or worse. She could tell Pari. It probably wouldn't matter. She wouldn't have called if she was going to talk with them again. Uʻilani had texted back asking if I knew where Iris was. I lied and said I didn't. There was nothing she could do to help. I would just have been sending her to her death. 
Just like I did to Lupe. 
The nearest town had the same number of grocery stores as stop lights: one. The store was small, one of those neighborhood markets they had in small towns and no where else. Sage grabbed a few fresh things, but it didn't seem enough to feed five people for more than a couple days. That wasn't all. When we got to the counter, the owner wheeled out a dolly load of restocked boxes. They were for us. Everything inside looked exotic, the kind of stuff you could buy at this store. As we loaded the boxes into the back of the SUV, Sage noticed my look. 
“Faizel likes the taste of his childhood. They don't have that around here. This is just easier than always going to the Sprawl.”
“Where's he from?” I asked. 
“Morocco,” she said. I thought we were going back to the compound, but Sage stopped in front of a coffee shop on Main Street, the only main street in town. We didn't have anything in the back that would melt, at least not in this weather. 
“How did he end up here?”
“The same way I did. We came together. We're married, if you hadn't noticed, Celeste.”
“I wasn't sure,” I replied. Well, I had noticed the rings they wore, but that was it. They didn't act  like a married couple – neither in love nor fighting. They were just roommates without the sex, like what Haruki and I must have seemed like on cloudy days. Except even then we would still lie in bed and whisper to each other like teenagers afraid of our parents overhearing. I wondered if Sage and Faizel did that, kept their relationship completely behind closed doors. Maybe it was an Arab thing. It wouldn't work for me. And yet. 
“We came here because we got invited here to live and work.”
“What kind of work?”
“Entertaining you,” she said. We sat in the overstuffed chairs in the front of the window and watched snow blow outside. “I'm just kidding.”
“Duncan invited you?”
“Oh no. Before him. It was... it's been such a long time. You know Faizel and I have been married for fourteen years?”
“How did you meet?” I asked because I wanted to know how an Australian from the outback fell in love with a Moroccan. If I knew that, it might tell me why Duncan was here with them. If I knew that, I would know why I had met Haruki. It could all be traced back to the beginning. We all had history. 
“That's a long story. You sure you want to hear it?”
“If you don't want to tell me, that's okay.”
Sage sat back in her chair and looked at the icicles dripping and white snow falling. There wouldn't be any snow in her story. 
“I tried to leave the outback when I was sixteen. I hiked to the Alice. I didn't realize how far away it was on foot. It took me five days. Or nights I should say. That's probably what kept me alive because I wasn't smart enough to bring more than a liter of water. But my pa taught me well. I found water or made water every day. I dug up planets and ate the roots. When I finally walked into the Alice, he was waiting for me at our favorite store. You know what he did?”
“Hit you or hugged you,” I said. 
“He gave me a nod and a half smile. Well, you did it, he said. Where do you want to go now? I thought it was a trick question, so I said home. It wasn't, so I named the biggest city I knew of: Sydney. He drove me to the airport and put me on a plane. I didn't even last a month before I was back in the outback. It wasn't him, my sister, or home that I wanted. It wasn't the lights or the noise that I couldn't take. It was the people. 
“They didn't respect what they had. How easy it all was. How convenient. None of them could survive half a day in a place I had lived for sixteen years. They didn't think about that. They didn't care. They thought I was backward. I vowed never to visit another city bigger than the Alice again. I know. It's not fair. You already know the ending.”
“I still want to hear how you get there. It's the journey. Didn't your trek through the outback teach you that?”
“It taught me more than that,” Sage admitted. “Anyway, I had to go through cities again when I started entering these competitions. You know those survival shows they have on TV? It was like that but before those were cool. And for real. No cameras. Some guys never came back. I only did the dry ones – desert, savannah, plains. I won in Australia, so I had to find a harder challenge. The hardest in the world was in the biggest desert in the world. 
“I heard they didn't let women compete. They said we didn't have what it took. But really, they were just chauvinists. Can you blame them? They expected to best a woman, so there was no honor in it. At the same time, if they lost, there was no greater shame. That convinced me I could win. They didn't know a thing about survival. When you're out there, by yourself, alone in the wild and darkness, you're not competing against each other or the elements or animals. You're competing against yourself. 
“There's only one dishonor in the desert. It's giving up before you have nothing left. That's worse than losing to a woman. That's worse than death.”
“Do you still believe that?”
“I don't know. I must. It doesn't matter now. I don't compete anymore. But when I did, I believed it. You had to. That was the way to survive. I entered the Sahara Survival Trek as a man. It was easy. People who compete at survival aren't really the talkative types anyway. We all start in the same place. We check each other out until they fly us out to the middle of nowhere and drop us off with only a knife, a distress beacon, and the clothes on our back. 
“You could always tell how things were going to go from just that first look. The way they talked or didn't. The way they carried themselves. What they wore. Their hair and skin. It told you everything you needed to know about them. The ones that would finish. The ones that would quit. The ones that would die. The ones that would cheat. The ones that would steal. The ones that would kill you. The ones that would go crazy.”
“Which one was Faizel?”
“Quitter,” she said, instantly. “He didn't belong there. You could tell he hadn't done something like that before. His clothes were better than all of ours. His hair was magnificent – trimmed, combed, oiled. His skin was too light.”
Faizel had skin darker than Haruki, nearer to Duncan. Still, that wouldn't prevent him from getting a tan, especially in the Sahara. 
“He was nervous, standing off to the side. He was trying to keep to himself, but not like some of us did. It wasn't unnatural. It was deliberate, like he didn't want to draw attention to himself. Of course, that only made me check him out more. He was handsome unlike any of the other men I had ever seen compete. Too bad he was a quitter. 
“They blindfolded us, flew us out into the desert, and left us. We scattered to the winds and the night. The first thing I always did was try to get off alone. I didn't need to follow anyone. I didn't need anyone following me. It took me longer than usual, but I managed to lose everyone else. The night was clear. I followed the stars, heading north and west. Eventually, I would walk into the ocean. 
“The first night was fine. The first day was torture. I had been in the outback and the Gobi. There is nothing like the Sahara. The second day was worse. The third night, I was determined to find water. It became my everything – my hope, my salvation. I knew I wouldn't last a third day in the sun. Not sane at least. 
“There are three ways to find water in the desert: know where it is, get lucky, or smell it. I sniffed the air and followed every hint. I was already losing it because I always found more sand. I lost it when I smelled blood. I should have gone the other way. I didn't. There was water in blood. It wouldn't save me, but it might buy me another day. It would keep me from death. Or worse. 
“I saw the oasis first. I thought it was a mirage. Dehydration and the smell of blood playing tricks on my mind. It was real. I fell to the ground and slurped it, trying to fill myself as full as a camel. I knew I was supposed to drink slowly. I knew that. You know what you're supposed to do and you don't do it because something else is stronger. 
“'You shouldn't drink so fast,' someone said behind me in British school English. I spun around pulling my knife at the same time. He was propped up against a rock. There was a dark red spot in the middle of his white shirt that had cost more than my plane ticket. There was the blood I had smelled. He wasn't threatening. I looked around for a partner. Traps weren't unheard of. 'You're a woman.' he said.
“'You're dead,' I said back to him, sheathing my knife. I wouldn't need it. 
'I'm Faizel. What's your name?' I told him. He nodded. 'Sage. A wise woman.' It might have been that lie that made me stay. Everyone thought I was named after the herb. Maybe I was, but I didn't think of myself as that. 
“'What happened to you?' I asked. I shouldn't have wasted my time. I shouldn't have cared. People died all the time doing this, from the desert, from each other. I was wasting precious darkness. I still had to rehydrate, figure out a way to carry water, and find my way toward the coast. I asked because he wasn't acting desperate or concerned about his impending death. Plus he realized that I was a woman and hadn't cared. 
“'Veni, vidi, vici. Julius Caesar.'
“'Have you pushed your beacon yet?' I asked, listening for the sound of helicopters and rescue. His labored breathing was the only echo. 
“'You mean quit?'
“'Yes. And live.'
“'I can't quit. I am already finished. And live? Don't you know that the desert takes no prisoners, only bodies?' 
“'So you did push it.'
“'It doesn't work. It never did. I knew that when I came here.'
“'Good thing I don't plan on using mine,' I said, turning to continue my work. He was dying and delusional. Talking to him wouldn't help me make it out. 
“'Sage, wise woman, don't you want to know why I still came here?”
“'It's obvious. There's water here.' He laughed, coughing and choking on his own blood. 
“'You're so pure.'
“'Listen. It's unlucky that your beacon doesn't work, and you're going to die here, but I don't want to. So I can't talk anymore.' 
“'I wasn't asking about the oasis, but now that you mention it. How did you find this?' I ignored him and kept looking for something to use to make a water sack. 'Did you know it was here? I doubt that. You're not from around here. Did you find it by chance? Probably not since this is the wrong way and you're too wise to do that. That means you smelled it. But this doesn't smell fresh. A wise woman like you would know that. Therefore you are desperate. 
“'I smelled your blood, alright? I found it because I smelled your blood.' I was ashamed. He was right. I was desperate, more desperate than he ever imagined. 
“'Good.'
“'What?'
“'I'm going to offer you a deal, Sage, that will save both our lives if you choose to accept it.'
“'Why do I need you, and why should I trust you?'
“'You have my word, as a Muslim and a man.'
“'I thought you Muslim men had problems with women.'
“'I am more than that. You are more than that. We are more than that,' Faizel said. I don't know if I trusted him more after that or if I just accepted how desperate I really was. 
“'No. Right now, we are less than that,' I told him. And we were. We were dead except for the deal we had made. Faizel would show me the oases, and I would take him with me to the finish line. 
“We made it to the next oasis. We wouldn't have made it to the end, alone or together, if we had not found some nomads watering their camels. They helped us, gave us food and water and led us out of the desert. Faizel refused to tell me if they were doing him a favor or paying back one. It some ways it didn't matter. It would even itself out some day.” 
Sage sipped her hot chocolate gone cold and looked at me. It was an amazing story and easy to see why they had ended up together afterward. After an experience like that, they were bonded for life. I supposed it wasn't much different than Haruki and me. 
“So why was he in the desert?”
“You have to ask him.”
“Do you know?”
“Yes.”
“Will he tell me?” I asked. She shrugged, unsure. “Does it matter why?”
“To who?” Sage asked. “So how did you and Haruki meet?”

Later that night, snow fell slowly and Haruki and I curled up in front of the fire, a blanket between us but nothing else. I had vowed things would change once we left Olympia, and they had. Now, I had to change with them even if I didn't want to, even if it hurt. 
“Nisha called me today,” I said. I wasn't worried about someone listening in like I had the first night. Haruki had talked to Duncan, and he was convinced we could talk freely if not carelessly. That was smart advice anywhere.  
“What did she want?” Haruki asked, his face a mask. He hadn't turned to look at me. It was easier looking at the fire.  
“She wanted to get to me.”
“Did she?”
“A little.”
“About what?”
“My friends.”
“She wouldn't threaten them,” he said. I didn't like the way he said it: all certain as if he really knew her. I had been there. I knew for sure what she had said.
“She didn't. Not exactly. It was more about me. How I gave them up to come with you.”
“I know,” Haruki said. 
“That's not what I meant. Just that friendship used to mean something. I didn't have to think about how to be a good friend. I just was.”
“Sometimes choosing to do it is harder than just doing it. That doesn't make it any less good or right or important.”
He was right. I was the great debater, pondering and contemplating decisions for ages. That was the hard part. Once I had made up my mind, I just did it. Take my medicine and all.  
“Like when my father asked me to go with him,” Haruki continued. “And Faizel. On a trip.”
“What kind of trip?”
“Business. A mission.” The fire crackled. I waited. Haruki knew the question I wasn't asking. “They want us to be a part of all this.”
That wasn't the answer to my question. I thought back to what Sage had said about Faizel earlier. I thought back to what I thought I knew about them. I thought about whether any of that mattered now. If this was a place where we could belong, if these were people that would treat us right, who was I to turn it all down? 
“So what are you going to do on this mission?”
“I don't know exactly. I'll tell you when I get back.”
“Should I be worried that you won't?”
“Tell you or get back?”
“Both.”
“I'll always do both.”
“You shouldn't make promises you can't be sure to keep.”
“I wouldn't make it if I thought I couldn't,” Haruki said. 
“How long will you be gone?” I turned to look at him. He shrugged his uncertainty. I stared into the depth of his eyes. “Everything is possible in infinity. It is only at the end of time that we fail.”
“Who said that?”
“Some dead guy.”
“And it's only at the end that we realize what it all means.”
“Some dead guy, too,” I said. It was one of those days. 

The next day they left, taking the Escalade after breakfast. By they, I meant everyone but me. No one had told me that Sage was going, too. It was one of those need to know things, they didn't say. The other part apparently was that I didn't need to know any of it. I cornered Sage when she went out to the garage to load her bag in the car. 
“Where are you going?”
 “We'll be back in a few days. The keys to the Viper are in the cabinet. I left my credit card on the kitchen counter. The pass code to everything changes everyday. It's always today's date: day, month, year. Call me if you need anything. Or if you just get bored.”
“Getting bored is not what I'm worried about.”
“We'll take good care of Haruki. This isn't our first rodeo.”
“You know why there aren't any old cowboys? The bulls never get less dangerous. The cowboys just get more cocky.”
“I've never heard that before,” Sage said. I hoped she would remember it. 
When the others were ready to go, I said goodbye to Haruki. He stole a quick kiss in the fogged drenched rising sun. It was almost more like a ritual than lovers parting. Wives did it for husbands going to war or sea. It was the kind of thing you did because you knew that it could be the last time you saw the person. It let you get through saying goodbye for possibly the last time without crying. I turned my head and wiped away a tear that refused to stay welled in my eye. 
The next days were weird. I had expected Haruki to call when he landed and possibly tell me where he had ended up. He didn't call then or later. I should have known they would make him leave his cell phone. I found it turned off in a pair of his pants. He was working. He would get back soon. 
Soon didn't come soon.  
Everything was as Sage said it was – the money, the car, the alarms. I had free run of the mansion, of the entire compound. I didn't resist the urge to go to all the places they had never shown us on the tour. The second floor were bedrooms I assumed. Three of the doors were locked. Did Sage and Faizel sleep in separate rooms, or what was behind the third door? The bedrooms I did see were stately as fitted an Antebellum plantation. The top floor was dust covering white sheets covering old furniture. I left footprints on the floor. The wine cellar was unlocked and fully stocked despite the fact that I hadn't seen anyone drinking wine, or drinking period since that first day. I finished looking around. 
It was noon. Maybe Sage had been right. Maybe I would call her because I was bored. Not yet though. I could find something to do. Other people did. I used to be able to back when... back when I was going to school. It hit me then. Finally. 
I was an adult. It wasn't anything particular about age that made you one. I hadn't been before, even though I thought I was. It wasn't even necessarily about maturity. It was not being in school, the one constant in my life for the last sixteen years. It was knowing you didn't have to finish something to do what you wanted. It was making all your own choices, mundane and profound. It was not having an easy place in the world. It was making your own. It was no more summers and no more falls. It was boredom.  

I was reading an old dusty book I had found on the third floor – title – when I heard the engine. I fumbled the book to the floor and practically fell over myself to get outside. The automatic door to the garage was closing. I ran and slide under it, triggering the safety laser and sending it back up. Sage got out. And that was it. No Duncan, no Faizel. No Haruki. My heart stopped. 
When I saw her face, my heart started again. She was almost smiling, a look of amusement at my antics tickling her lips and cheeks. She wouldn't have been looking like that if they weren't coming back. So when were they?
“When the job is done,” Sage said. That was the same kind of non-answer she had been giving me before she left. We went inside. 
“So what happened? Why are you back?”
“My part was done. I thought maybe we could hang out.”
“How is Haruki?”
“He was doing good.” I wondered if she had messed up the grammar on accident or whether she meant it in the philosophical sense, as in the good fight. 
“And you?”
“Can I just get a few minutes to put my stuff away before we start hanging out?” Sage asked, the tension slipping out of her voice. I stopped in mid-step, letting her continue on upstairs alone. Something had happened. She hadn't come back to see me. That much I knew. 
I considered going back to the slave quarters and waiting for her. Instead, I tip-toed up to the third floor and went back to attempting to read. She found me eventually. 
“What are you reading?” I showed her. It made no impact. She sat down on the floor in front of me, dust kicking up in the streaming sunlight. We both waited for the other to start. It would end the same. The only difference in possibilities was how we got there – which one of us cracked first or won the game of chicken, felt more guilty or more desperate, thought they were right or knew it. “I'm sorry I snapped at you.”
“I'm sorry I pestered you,” I replied. 
“I can't stay mad at you.” She held up two bottles of wine in one hand and a pair of glasses, more like goblets, in the other. “Red or white?” 
I shrugged. Sage poured us the red. It tasted strong, acidic grape juice mixed with forbidden fruit. We sat in silence, sipping the wine, the victor waiting, the defeated trying to start. She finished her glass and poured another one. She tried to top mine off, but I pulled my glass back. 
“We went there to help this woman. She wasn't the one who called us, but we were there for her. We were staying at her place and using it for base of operations. She was in constant danger with us being there. She only asked one thing of us, and Faizel refused to promise her that.”
“Why not?”
“Because that's who he is. Always has been. At least since I met him. Even in the desert as he lay dying and I stood lost, he refused to promise me what he couldn't deliver. He promised to show me the oasis and the way to the coast, not that we would get out. Not that we would survive.”
“What's wrong with not promising something you can't keep?”
“It wasn't the promising. It was the promise. If it had been the other way around, he would have promised it in a moment and seen it through to the end. Or his end.”
Sage stared into her glass. The sunlight ran into it, splashing a mini-rainbow out of the crystal. One action, many effects. One choice, many fates. One moment, many lives. 
“What did she ask him to do?”
“Us,” Sage corrected. She was still staring into the glass. I might not have even been there. “She asked us. We're in this together. In sickness and health. Good times and bad. Rich and poor. We made a vow. You don't break it. Death before dishonor. Protect and serve. Serve what? Goodness. Right. Justice. Safety. What do all those big words mean if we can't do the one thing that she asks? Not can't. Won't. We could, and we won't. She wants one thing in this world and we won't give it to her. It won't even break the vow. Not really. Just one thing. That's all any of us want.”
It didn't sound like all her words. Big philosophical ideas didn't fit her. They didn't fit most people when you got down to it. Sage was simple and clear, like the desert she came from. 
I sat my glass down and crawled across the floor to Sage. She was reaching for the bottle again, but I grabbed her arm and pulled her to me. I sat and sweep my knees under me to the side and cradled Sage in my lap as if she was a little girl. The same way I had held Iris after Theron. There had to be more to this than just a disagreement over helping a stranger. I stroked her hairline like my grandmother had used to do for me. 
“What did you and Faizel do after you got out of the desert?”
“We got married.”
“Why?”
“How could I say no after he had just saved my life?”
“You saved his.”
“Same thing.”
“He asked you?”
“Yes. It wasn't romantic. He proposed it like he was arranging someone else's marriage. It didn't matter to me. I wasn't the kind of girl that needed all that...” She left it unfinished. 
“It's the marriage that matters,” I agreed. “It lasts longer than the proposal.”
“It never felt like I wanted it to,” she said, taking my free hand in hers. She held it close as if I might pull it away. I didn't. How long had it been since someone held my hand like that? Nisha. Right. Besides that. Haruki couldn't, not unless we were standing in the sunlight. Even then, it didn't feel like this – skin on skin and nothing else. “You have such soft hands.”
“That's because I've never done any real work,” I quipped. Sage leaned back into my belly so she could look up at me. 
“Why doesn't Haruki ever kiss you?”
“He does.”
“I've never seen him kiss you. Except for when he said good bye. That's not a real kiss.”
“He's not... we're not really...” What was the right phrase? “Affectionate in public.”
“I know you're not just friends. Duncan knows, too, in case you were worried.”
“Ugh. I know. I don't like to think about what Duncan thinks about what we're doing.” 
“What is it like?” Sage asked. I shrugged. The conversation had taken a sharp turn somewhere back. “You don't like to be kissed?”
“No. I do. It's...” Just that there's no sun out and I'll kill him if we make out they did in Hollywood movies. Was she thinking about that? Is that what she wanted? 
I looked down into her eyes to find the answer. It was right there. Sage leaned up and kissed me. Her lips were soft on mine and moist from the wine. She tasted of tang and woman. It felt so different than the razorburn of Terry and the straggly beard of Lupe. It felt smooth like Haruki without the Luna euphoria, love, or both. It felt wrong. 
I leaned back, breaking the connection. She stayed where she was, staring at me, trying to read my expression. I swallowed. There was a delicate way to put this, and there was devastating way. Sage leaned up again to kiss me, misinterpreting my indecision. 
“No?”
“What?”
“We can't.” 
“Don't think about it, Celeste. Just feel it.”
“It feels wrong. I'm with Haruki. You're with Faizel.”
“But we're not. Not this way. They don't kiss us like we want them, too. If they won't give it to us, we don't have to be ashamed of what we want.”
It wasn't about want. It was about could. What we wanted mattered less than what we could do. It wasn't fair to Haruki that he couldn't kiss like Sage could, and vice versa. It wasn't fair to Sage that she had felt obligated to marry Faizel after they saved each other. It wasn't fair that I was stuck between helping one and hurting the other. Life wasn't fair. When delicacy didn't work, there was only devastation. 
“I don't want it,” I said. Then to soften the blow. “I'm sorry.” 
“Hold me,” she whispered. I couldn't. I scooted out from under her. She let me push her to the floor, no protest. “Don't leave.”
That's exactly what I did. Staying would have been worse. More opportunities. More pleading. More excuses. It might have hurt now, but we could get over this – all of us. It was a mistake. We were human. We all made them. It wasn't the end of anyone's world.
“I've never done that before. I just want you to know,” she said, as I reached the door. I believed her. 
“I won't tell Faizel.” It was a promise he wouldn't have made.  
“Haruki?”
“I tell him everything,” I said. Maybe I hadn't been planning to, but with that question I had to choose. I made the right choice, and I would stick to it. 

There had never been a time when I was more glad to see Haruki. I met the SUV half way up the gravel drive. I had been hiding out from Sage. They came to a abrupt stop near me. Haruki got out of the back and came toward me. Faizel drove on to the house. 
We hugged. The clouds were thick with the threat of snow. Haruki kissed me quickly and softly on the lips. Oh how I had missed that. Not as much as I missed the way he was there for me, making the unbearable endurable, the depressing hopeful, the night light. 
Sage stood on the porch watching Faizel come home. Her arms were crossed. She wasn't glad to see him like I was to see Haruki. But she was there anyway. Even I agreed there was something hard and honorable about that. Slowly, we walked back toward the house. The others didn't wait for us. We took a long time getting there, stopping every time the conversation got too real. 
“Everything alright?” Haruki asked. I suspected it had been Sage that tipped him off. 
“It is now.”
“I don't want it to be like that, Celeste.”
“You don't want me needing you?”
“We don't spend every moment together. I don't want you to be only alright when I'm around.”
“There's something more, isn't there? You're planning to not always be around.”
“I'm not leaving you. It's just... I want you to be happy here.”
I am, I wanted to say. I couldn't. It was too much of a lie. It wasn't that I was unhappy. It was just that I wasn't Julie Andrews-singing-in-the-Swiss-Alps-happy. Had I ever been? 
“I'm going to be going on these missions,” Haruki continued when I didn't answer. 
“Why can't I come?”
“It's not up to me.”
“Right. Faizel. The alpha. The leader. The head honcho.”
“You should know what they do before you ask him.”
“How do you know I'm going to ask him?”
“Because I know you.”
“Then tell me. If you think it will change my mind.”
“I don't think it will. It didn't change mine,” Haruki said. First we had to sit through another one of our increasingly infamous silent dinners. It was even more silent than normal. Even the appreciation for the food was a wordless grunt. 
Back in the slaves quarters, I and sat down with apple cider and a hot fire to listen to what Duncan did for a living. To hear what he had left his wife and son to come and do. It had better be noble. 

We took a plane to Lexington, Kentucky, and then a rental car to the backwoods. A woman came out in overalls, hair stacked like a dirty bird's nest, and missing most of her teeth. Two kids clung to her legs, speaking something that wanted to be pigeon English and couldn't even be that. She took one look at us, and I could see the childhood racism in her eyes. Obviously, we were here to help her, but it didn't look too much like she wanted our help. Faizel wanted to go, and I had to agree with him. Sage didn't though. She went up her, and they talked. The feral kids eyed us, we eyed them, and the women figured something out. 
“We're not here for what people think,” Duncan told me one night. “We're here for what they do.” 
What they did was meth. Manufacture and distribution. The town was rotting from within and people were powerless to stop it. We were here to stop it. 
One day while we were waiting around for the cover of darkness, Sage and Faizel had a argument. I would call it a fight except no punches were thrown. Duncan tried to calm them down, but it didn't help. Then Sage left or got sent home. They never did mention what it was over. 
Before we had left for the mission. Duncan had told me there would come a point where I would question something – the mission, my ability, our team, him. He told me to trust him. It would be okay. He had been there. You just had to push through it. He had, and I would too. Of course I said yes. I wasn't going to let him down before we had even started. 
“Once you commit, you can't back out,” he said. 
“Even if I think it's wrong?”
“You think it is?”
“I'm not saying it is, but if it was.”
“Then I guess you would have to decide what you value more.”
It happened the night of a dark moon. I was thankful for that among other things. Faizel and Duncan followed the van with the finished drugs. That left me the empty barn they used as a kitchen. I set some explosives, pushed a button, and it all went up in flame. 
They came back a few hours later. They smelled of cat piss and smoke. In the trunk was a bag full of money. Duncan went up to give the woman one of the stacks. She wouldn't take it. 
“Did you kill him?”
“It was too dark to see,” Duncan answered.  
“Did you kill them all?”
“Leave it on the ground. We have to go,” Faizel yelled from the car. Duncan pressed the money into her hand. She didn't grasp it, and it fell into the mud at her feet just like Faizel had ordered. Duncan went back to the car, but I couldn't leave her like that – not knowing. 
“What did he look like?” I asked. 
“Like a redneck. He always had a bright orange hunting hat.” I remembered the hat then. It had stood out in the night. He had been the one ordering guys around. He had got in the van with the drugs, the one that I doubted returned intact. 
“Who was he?”
She paused before answering. “My husband.”
“He got in the van with the drugs. He wanted you to have that,” I said, nodding toward the money. “For the kids.” I got in the back of the car. In the glow of the headlights, the woman picked up the money. 
“What did you tell her?” Faizel asked me.
“The truth,” I told him. 

Haruki drained the rest of his cup. Mine had long gone cold listening to his story. Now that it was over, I had to ask. 
“Did they kill him?”
“Yes.” The woman had asked them not to. That's what Sage had argued with Faizel about. 
“You went there; you stayed at her house; and they killed them.”
“It wasn't like that.”
“That's exactly what it sounds like from your story. I know he's your father, Haruki, but –” 
“Duncan gave him the chance to live. He didn't take it. None of them did. They stayed and tried to protect their drugs. They lost.”
“So that's how they afford all this? They kill drug dealers and steal their money.” 
“They were bad men, Celeste. They had their chance to change, and they didn't take it. We saved that woman. We saved her children. We saved innocent people we don't even know about. The world is better off because they're not in it.”
Was it better off because we were in it? Were we better off because we were here? Was I so innocent in this? I had been there with Duncan when Theron was killed. I had made mistakes and done wrong and tried to keep my promises and make things right. Half-truths were the second best lies. 
“I don't know, Haruki. It doesn't matter what circle of hell you're in, you're still in hell.”
“She hated us, you know. First for the color of our skin. Then, for what we had done to her husband. But the last thing I saw in her eyes wasn't fear or hatred. It was respect. We hadn't lied to her. We came, we did what we said we were going to do, and we left. She knew that.”
“So this is what you want to do? You want to become like Faizel and Duncan?” 
“You were right, Celeste. I don't know. They help people.”
“And you want to help people.”
“I want to help Giselle,” he said. There it was. When it all came down to it, the bare unvarnished truth. He had left Lupe to die trying to save her, and I had let Iris go alone to confront Kachada. Haruki had made her a promise, and I had given her hope. We owed it to her, our friends, and all those names we didn't know. 
“Me too,” I said. The best lies were the ones you told yourself. 

Winter II

There was peace for a couple days after the return. Then, Faizel showed up at our front door one morning before breakfast. 
“What happened?” Faizel asked, his tone confusion more than anger or panic. 
“What?” Haruki asked back. He probably thought it had something to do with the mission. Something had gone wrong then, but it had only come to light now. You might have thought it had something to do with discovering the devastating aftereffects of a surprise attack. I knew better. 
“What did you and my wife do?” The question was directed at me. Haruki stood up and edged closer to me. He knew. I had already told him. He also knew better than me how Faizel might react. I didn't take it as a good sign that he held his body tense, ready for action. 
“What did she tell you?” I asked.
“I'm asking you now. Not her.” There was only one choice. Haruki glanced at me. That was it. The truth. I told him. 
“Why?”
“You should ask her,” I replied, leaving out the obvious. She kissed me first. 
“I did.”
“You don't believe her?” Haruki asked.
“He didn't like the answer,” I replied for Faizel. Not that Haruki had either. It had been easier for him to take because it wasn't our fault. The man standing in front of us was to blame, and he knew it. He just hadn't accepted it yet. 
“It does not make sense. I have been faithful. I have provided for her. I have protected her. I have given her everything I can.”
“But not everything she needs.”
“I cannot give what I don't have.” 
“It's not what you have. It's what you do. It's who you are.”
“I am not enough,” Faizel said. I couldn't tell then how he meant it. I couldn't tell if he truly understood. 
“Sage told me how you first met.”
“She has told me too.”
“I'm pretty sure you were there. It's in the definition of met.”
“I was dying. I don't remember most of it.”
“Why did you ask her to marry you?”
“It was the honorable thing to do. She saved my life, an angel sent from God. I was dying, but He was not finished with me. He sent her to me because it wasn't the end. I could not ignore that. It was affirmation of my purpose, and Sage was part of it.”
“Why were you in the desert? Why did you enter the competition? You didn't belong there,” I said. Sage had said as much. Faizel nodded, moving over toward the fireplace. The only chairs faced the fireplace and away from us. He settled on the edge of it, the weariness evident in his slumped posture. 
“I was there to kill a man,” Faizel said. “I knew only two things about him: what he looked like and where he would be. That was enough. I entered the competition. I prepared to do two things: find him in the desert and to finish the competition. I knew the rescue beacons did not work. I was not there to survive. I was there to make sure he did not. I paid the desert traders and Bedouins to show me all the desert oasis. I memorized where they all were. What the stars looked like from each one. 
“I could have killed him in the hanger before we left. Maybe I should have, but I did not. I wanted to give him the opportunity to confess his sins before I killed him. I wanted to see the fear in his eyes when he realized he was going to die for all that he had done. It was selfish. I was not there to hear his lies or watch him beg for his life. I was there to deliver justice, so I did not kill him at the first opportunity. 
“When they dropped us in the desert, I followed him. He knew I was. There was no place to hide, only to run. He ran, and I lost him. But there is only one place you can run to in the desert. Water. I found him at the oasis relaxing, thinking he was safe. He could not win because he was only fighting for himself. He had no greater motivation or purpose. We fought with hunting knives. He stabbed me and missed my heart. I did not miss his.”
“What did he do?” Haruki asked. “Why did you kill him?”
“He violated my sister.”
“Violated? Like...”
“He seduced her by cunning or force. It does not matter. The result was the same. She was a virgin saving herself for marriage. She had never seen the world. He blinded her with stories of endless Arabian nights. She became pregnant. When she told him, he beat her until she lost the child. Then he left her. She was a woman twice dishonored. Her life was over, and he was a man free as the desert wind.”
You couldn't blame Faizel for that. For what he had done. The only difference between him and most men was that he had the courage to see it through to the end. No matter the cost. It still didn't explain one thing, the one thing that mattered right now. 
“Why did you never go back?” 
“It was my fault. I allowed him into our house. I knew nothing about him except his name and his reputation as a master of the desert. I let him spin me a web of deceit, and I let him into our home. I brought dishonor to my family. Killing him could not bring it back. It could only stop it from getting worse. That is the only choice sometimes. It is better for my family to think I died bringing justice.”
“You don't know that,” Haruki said. 
“If I was dead, they could move on. Begin to forget me.”
“Why do you think they could if you couldn't? No matter how many men you kill, you won't be able to kill the guilt in your soul.”
“I know, but it is better than doing nothing.”
“You think Sage wants this for you?” Haruki asked again. That stopped Faizel. That was why he was here: to understand Sage. “Exactly. Don't assume. Don't guess. Ask her. You don't have any excuses for not doing that. She's your wife. If that means anything to you.”
“It does,” Faizel said. He turned to look back into the fire-less fireplace. Maybe he wanted to say more. It would only be excuses. He knew that. We were done with those. There was only one thing he could do, if he was being honest with himself. 
Faizel stood up. He turned and caught Haruki in a gaze for a moment. He flicked it to me for just enough time to express apology and guilt. He left, the squish of melting snow under each footstep. It was a good few heartbeats before the tension and uncertainty dissipated enough for the aftershocks to set in. I kept the blanket wrapped tightly around me anyway. 
We had all escaped to here. This refuge from the things that haunted and hunted us. The real people and the imagined demons. We were all orphans. Me by definition and the others by choice. All of us except Haruki. He was the exception to the rule. He had always been – at least since Nisha.   

The routine we had before the mission changed. Gone were the silent dinners. Gone were the days spent with Sage and Duncan respectively. Gone were our places in the fabric of this place. All our places. 
Sage and Faizel didn't show themselves for days. For a while, I wondered if they were even still here. The occasional shrieks of agony or ecstasy was the sole evidence to disprove the theory. Duncan didn't provide any commentary, nor did we offer any. There was no point in trying to figure things out until they had. 
Duncan gave Haruki the keys to the Viper and a credit card to be paid off with blood money. We took the hint and spent our days in the city. In reality it was a dozen different ones connected and separated by highways. In my mind, I thought of it all as the District of Columbia. There was plenty to do while we waited for Sage and Faizel to make up or break up. 
We made out in front of the Washington Monument because we got the sophomoric irony. We made out on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial because this was America. We didn't in front of the Vietnam Memorial because our reflections were distorted by the names of the dead. We visited the Smithsonian because we were still young enough to want to learn. We visited the White House because we could. We didn't visit the Capitol because we weren't old enough to accept corruption as the de facto way of life.  
In the end, it was Duncan who set the world on its new axis. The sun was setting in the west as we came back from the beach in the east. He let us get back to the cabin before coming to talk, but I had felt him waiting for us. Like a kid, I wondered if we were in trouble for driving to North Carolina or for staying overnight there. 
Duncan knocked and waited for Haruki to open the door. “Can I come in?” Of course Haruki let him in. He gestured toward the only chairs in the place. “Please sit.” We did, wondering what all the formality was for. There hadn't been much of it since they had returned. 
“What's going on?” Haruki asked. 
“Haruki, on behalf of us all, I would like to offer you a place in our house,” Duncan said. He opened his hand and held out an old key. 
“You mean like move in to the main house?”
“Yes. Celeste can come too, assuming she wants to.”
“We actually don't mind being out here,” he said, looking at me. “It's not bad.”
“The invitation is a formality. A tradition,” Duncan said. “It's a way to acknowledge that you are now one of us.”
“Thank you,” Haruki replied. 
“You can't turn it down. It's an honor for us to ask and you to accept. So here.” Duncan thrust the key closer to Haruki, evading his personal space. He had to either take it or leave. To take it would force him to touch Duncan, to graze his palm if only for a moment. It still might be enough to raise questions or suspicions like it had once done for me. To leave would insult Duncan and risk damaging their fragile rebuilding relationship. I didn't think Haruki would do that. He had waited and searched too long to throw it all in Duncan's face now. 
I reached over and plunked the key from his open hand. Duncan twisted his head toward me, anger, annoyance, and disbelief flashing across his face. 
“Which room is it?” I asked. With nothing left to do, Duncan dropped his hand away from Haruki. 
“Do you accept, Haruki?”
“He does,” I said. 
“I didn't ask you,” he said, not harshly. 
“We do.” 
“I didn't plan to mention this, but we have never let someone like you, Celeste, move in.”
“Like what?”
“Someone who hasn't proven herself when it matters.”
“You're saying you don't trust me? And you trust Sage? She tried to cheat on her husband. Not me. I don't know what she told you, but you're not putting that on me. If you don't want me there, that's fine. You can keep your stupid key.” But I didn't throw it in his face like I wanted to. Not yet. 
“I know what happened. No one blames you.”
“Tell that to Faizel,” I said, even though I knew he didn't feel that way. 
“It's not about trust, Celeste. At least not like that. Haruki went on a mission with us. Sage, Faizel, myself. We all started out here in that same bed. We didn't move until we had gone on a mission. You haven't. We are making an exception because I know Haruki would not leave you out here alone.”
“Thanks. That makes me feel a lot better.”
“It wasn't meant to make you feel better. It meant to make you understand how much we value Haruki.”
“And I appreciate that,” Haruki said. “Celeste doesn't mean to disrespect any of what you did –”
“We,” Duncan corrected.
“She's just confused why you're judging her for something she had no say over. You didn't give her the chance to come on the mission. It's unfair to look down on her because she didn't. She wants to help. She wants to be part of what we do.”
“Really?”
“Yeah,” I replied when Duncan glanced at me. 
“You think you're ready to do what we do?”
“I didn't say that,” I replied.
“Do you even know what we do?”
“I have a pretty good idea.”
“Hearing it is different than experiencing it.”
“You don't know the things I've been through and had to do.”
“I have a pretty good idea.”
“You think one conversation we had in a restaurant while Faizel, or was it Sage, was killing Theron tells you everything about me?”
“I didn't say that.”
“You didn't have to. You thought it. You want to test me? See what I can do? Bring it.”
“That's not what I am concerned about. We can always teach you the skills you will need. It's knowing when to use them that matters.”
“Is that another dig at me over the Theron thing?” I asked. Duncan didn't answer immediately. “I want the record to show that I haven't said half of the insulting things I could have. How's that for knowing when to use them?”
“Celeste, please,” Haruki said. “You've made your point. Duncan, I vouch for her. She doesn't flinch when it matters.”
“That's enough to get you here, but not to join us.”
“I told you I would take your test.”
“And you will,” he said. “Let me talk to Sage and Faizel, and we will decide how and when. For now, you can move with Haruki. Later, we'll see if you get offered your own room.”
I couldn't resist. I held up the key he had tried to give Haruki and let a small smile creep across my face. Saying anything would have been over the edge, so I just tossed it to Haruki. Duncan bite his tongue and left. 
“What was all that?” Haruki asked me once Duncan was truly gone. I considered playing naïve, then ditched the idea. 
“You're going to tell them about Giselle. No way I'm staying here while you go after her alone. Besides, I figured you could tell me how to pass the test.”
“There wasn't one. He's inventing it just for you.”
“Great.”
“You know I support you completely and want you to pass.”
“But...”
“Nothing. Just don't fail.”
“Or else? Could you find a way to make me more nervous?” I asked. It was rhetorical, and he didn't quip back. It wasn't like I wanted Duncan mad at me. Besides be imprudent, there was no reason for it. We got along fine. Or had. And maybe still would. It wasn't even so much that I wanted to be a part of this thing they had going on. I wanted Haruki. I wanted to be with him and a part of what he was doing. I didn't want to be marginalized. I didn't want to be the partner he had to readjust to when he came home at night. I wanted his normal, whatever it was, to be my normal. Like it had been. If it changed, we would change with it together, or we would change ourselves.  
No one was around to show us to our new room. It was at the end of the second floor hall, pass the known occupied rooms and a pair of locked ones. A part but still apart. 
It reminded me more of the cabin than the rooms upstairs. It had been recently cleaned and made habitable, the dust hiding in the corners instead of in plain sight. The four-poster bed had a canopy of sheets descending like four walls. I had always dreamed of something like that, although burgundy wasn't my color choice. It was fit for a queen or a scared child. Kirsten Dunst as Marie Antoinette came to mind which satisfied both images. The pair of dressers were ancient, the wood stains brand new. The same went for the gaslight frames filled with energy efficient bulbs. The rug was out of place, imported from a foreign bazaar and gorgeous. The view was a step above the ground, in pun and reality. Any other time and place and I would have been dumbstruck to be sleeping here, but in the here and now, it didn't really register. At least the toilet was modern. 

The instant upside of moving into the mansion was the improvement in my cooking skills. Sage wasn't feeding the boys or particularly showing herself. They didn't rush to fix the situation themselves. I cooked the way I always had. There were two main differences now. The fully stocked pantry contained all the missing ingredients that had made my college meals seem half-baked, pun intended. Give me the tools and I could have built Rome, or at least a Roman kitchen. Plus, I had a rapturous audience for my successful experiments, the alternative being no real competition. 
Haruki, Duncan, and I were sitting around the breakfast table eating a meal that might have made Sage nod in acknowledgment. The sun was peeking through the trees on the edge of the property. The days were getting longer a few minutes at a time. The snow was melting slowly but inevitably as it always did. It might have been the picture of domestic bliss; instead it was a facade and all facades crumble. 
“We're going to give you your test today,” Duncan said, seemingly out of nowhere.”
“So what's the test? How's it work? How do I pass?”
We left the compound in the armored SUV. It seemed fitting for an outing of this nature. Duncan drove, up and downshifting on the winding country road. He ignored the lingering chance of ice, pushing the lack of a speed limit toward the max. The stereo bumped with obscure old school hip-hop. If this was the test, it was sorely lacking. 
“So where are we going?”
“To get a cup of coffee.”
“I hope they serve hot chocolate there. I'm not really a coffee fan.” 
“It's a cafe. Of course they do,” he said. 
Twenty minutes later we pulled in a small town sort of on the way to the city. I had seen the sign for it, but we'd never had reason to visit. Duncan parked across the deserted street from the cafe. I had imagined French, but it looked Italian. The sign said Galileo’s if I read the cursive correctly. It was busier inside than it looked from the outside. There were a few customers at the tables, the usual type for a mid-morning weekday. It was the staff that was busy, fielding phone calls and fulfilling orders for lunch. 
Duncan led me to the back, and we sat down at a table with a reserved sign on the top. Was it for us or was he just ignoring it? I kept my mouth shut. A moment late an Italian waiter appeared. 
“Babajide, come stai?”
“Buono, Giovanni. And you?”
“Busy.”
“Good. Hot chocolate. Italiano,” he added. Giovanni left without more than glancing at me. 
“So which one of us is not getting something?” I asked. 
“I ordered for you. I would bet you've never had a hot chocolate like this.”
“Literally melted chocolate in a cappuccino size cup?”
“You've been to Italy?” 
“No. You have though.” 
“I've been a lot of places,” he said, shrugging. 
“So how did you end up here?”
“I asked around for the most Italian place in the area. This was the seventh one I tried and the first that tasted like Italy. It didn't used to be this popular. I used to be able to come in here and count the staff and customers on my fingers. Giovanni asked me one slow day why I came in here when no one else would. I told him it was because I had time and money while most people only had one or the other. He told me that was the idea that changed this place. He found people with money and no time and began to deliver to them. It worked so well that even people with time and no money come here when they can afford the gas and European prices.”
He knew that wasn't what I meant, but I let it slide. This was his place obviously, the place he came to be alone and think and get away from his responsibilities at the compound. I doubted he had ever brought Sage or Faizel or Haruki here. I felt special, but it meant it truly mattered what happened here. This was the test. 
Giovanni returned with hot chocolate for me, a coffee of some kind for Duncan, and some fresh biscotti for the table. Gratizes were exchanged all around before he made himself scarce. The hot chocolate was as advertised, the consistency as smooth as cream and the flavor rich as a king. We sat there for minutes in silence, sipping our drinks, absorbing the ambiance. 
“So what's your game, Duncan?”
“Basketball.”
“Mine's soccer, but you know that's not what I meant.”
“What do you think it is?”
“I think this is Theron redux. We first met in a restaurant, sitting across each other like this, waiting for something to happen.”
“We first met in a funeral parlor.”
“We were strangers then. Never expected to see each other again. At the restaurant was when this started,” I said, tapping the table, indicating this moment and everything that went with it. “You want to see if I will make a different choice. If I will learn from my mistake, assuming of course that I believe it was, which in itself is part of the test. Before that though, I have to identify what the mistake was. What did I do or say wrong that makes you not trust me? What do I need to prove? That's what I need to figure out. I got to think like you.”
“You're over thinking this, Celeste. It's about who you are. You can't fake it. You can't figure it out. You can't cheat. You will either pass or you won't.”
“But it has to be about what I do. There has to be a choice. It there's not a choice, there's not a test. It's... I don't know. A sampling. A reading.”
“Test is the wrong word. I never should have used it. Analysis. Yes. That is a better word. I'm going to analyze you.”
“Okay. What do you want to know? My deepest, darkest secrets? My desires? My fears? My baggage? My flaws. We going to talk about my childhood? My parents? Haruki? I can talk about this stuff all day long. That's all we did at Evergreen: navel gazing.”
“Think of it this way. You're a puzzle piece, Celeste. I'm trying to see if you fit in the puzzle. It's not a judgment on you, good or bad. It's just about belonging.”
“So what are you, Duncan? Puzzle piece or puzzle maker?”
“We are all pieces. It's only together that we create anything meaningful.”
“So who gave you the right to decide who belongs in this puzzle? If you're a part of it, you can only see the part right next to you. Who are you to say I'm not the part one piece over? Me, Haruki, you. Maybe I'm the one who makes it all make sense.”
“It was a metaphor.”
“It was an analogy. You need to get better analogies,” I said, leaning back in my seat. I had been pressuring him, pushing his excuses until they crumbled. He took a sip of his drink. He was doing a very good job of keeping his emotions hidden. That's how I knew he was pissed. I didn't care. No one liked pop quizzes, especially ones the teacher wanted you to fail. “So, Duncan, what piece are you?”
“The centerpiece,” he replied without so much as blink in his eye. This time he moved in on me. “That's how I'm going to know if belong or not. I'm the one that connects all the others. I bridge the gap. To use your phrase, I'm the one who makes it all make sense.”
“So how's that work with you killing people and all?”
“I'm the messenger. I bring them the choice. They decide. Sage is the angel of mercy. Faizel is the angel of vengeance. I keep the balance. Sorry if that is a bad metaphor or analogy or whatever it is.”
“What about Theron? You talk to him before Faizel killed him?”
“I did. I gave him the choice. You know what he chose?” It was fairly obvious, so I didn't answer. Duncan opened his mouth to answer his open question and promptly shut it. He was looking pass me, over my shoulder. I turned. Lunch customers. Staff. The usual. “Don't look.”
“Why?” I asked, although I turned back obediently.
“It's time.”
“For the test or the conclusion?”
“For what we came here to do,” he said. Duncan stood, and I followed suit. We left without paying or saying goodbye to shaken Giovanni. 
“You forgot to pay.”
“He doesn't take my money, and I don't take his. We have a silent agreement. I don't know how it started or what he thinks. I haven't asked him. Maybe he believes it was my idea that made his business bigger and let him stay here. It could be his way of paying me back. Maybe he thinks we're friends, like I do. Maybe he gives it to me because you share your bounty in good times with your friends.”
“So they will be there in the bad?”
“No. They will always be there. You do it because that's what friends do.”
“It sounds like you're even.”
“There are no scales between friends. You don't tally up what you owe each other. You give and receive and don't count. That's why you don't do business with friends. They are opposites of each other. Get in.”
We had reached the SUV. I climbed into my seat no faster than usual. I knew I should probably be following his command, but I didn't do so well when people barked them suddenly and randomly for no apparent reason. Duncan pulled out into the street before my door was closed. I buckled up quickly before giving him my annoyed look. 
“What's the rush?”
“We can't follow that car if we can't see it,” he replied. Ahead of us a black Beamer drove way over the speed limit. The driver was alone. 
“He's the test, isn't he?”
“He's a gangster from Baltimore. He extorts for the Mafia, but now he's trying to move out on his own. He heard about Giovanni from one of his customers. He sees an opportunity to exploit someone from the old country. Someone he can intimidate. It worked. Giovanni payed up without even a protest. He didn't go to the police. He didn't tell me for months.”
“He didn't ask for your help?”
“No. Not then and not now. He doesn't need to.”
“So what's the difference between you and the gangster? Giovanni pays both of you.”
“He takes. I accept. He only goes there to collect money. That's my place. I'm not letting anyone destroy it.”
I could understand that. I felt the same way. Still, something didn't feel exactly right. 
“What do I got to do?” I asked. Duncan pushed a button on the dash. The glove compartment opened, the usual stuff inside. Then, another compartment inside the compartment opened. It was small, just big enough to hold a gun. 
“You ever shot one before?”
“No, and I don't think I'm going to start now.”
“Don't worry. The safety is on. You just have to stand there and look like you could.” 
“Stand where?”
“Next to me,” he said. The Beamer was getting closer and closer. We were getting closer and closer. Duncan slid the SUV across the dotted line like he was going to pass. I saw it a moment before I felt it. He started to pass, then slid the SUV back into the other lane bumping the Beamer into a tail spin. I had seen it happen on TV and it felt nothing like sitting on a couch. Duncan regained control and slowed down as I watched the other car careen off the road. 
“Holy shit! What are you doing?”
“This is what we do,” he said, turning us around and heading back toward the crash. There was no smoke. No fire. No blaring horns. 
“You're going to kill him? Right here in broad daylight?” I screamed. That didn't sound right. It shouldn't have mattered when and where he killed him. It was the killing that was the important part. 
“Calm down, Celeste. I'm not going to kill him here. Take the gun and get out with me. Watch for cars. If you see any, wave them on.”
“Why do I need a gun to do that?”
“How are you going to have my back without it?”
“Have your back? That's what Faizel is for or Sage. I don't know what the hell I'm doing.” 
Duncan crossed over to the other side and stopped the SUV on the side of the road. The Beamer was far enough off that we didn't even block the road. Not that there was much to block. The road was clear, had been for a while. All the good people were at work or retired. We were the only ones out on the road. He flipped on the emergency blinkers anyway. 
“Are you getting out?”
This was it. This was the test. Would I turn back afraid? Would I abandon him to go alone? Would I make the right choice? 
The gun was sitting there and he was getting out and I knew one of those wasn't right. I thought of Haruki and what he had said about the mission. They had made him choose as well, except they had asked him to blow up an empty drug manufacturing building. I was being asked to carry a loaded gun and pretend like I knew how to use it. Were they the same thing? What would he do in my situation? I didn't know. It didn't matter. He wasn't me. I left the gun in the glove compartment and followed Duncan out. 
He approached the car's driver side carefully. The airbags had deployed, hiding most of the man behind them. I kept looking all around, waiting for someone to show up. Hadn't anyone heard the crash? Maybe the police were already on the way. That was pretty close to the last thing I needed. They wouldn't care what this guy had done until after they had us safely in a jail cell. 
“Celeste, get over here.” I didn't want to, but this time I obeyed. Duncan had the door open with one hand and a gun in the other. I hadn't seen where he got it, could have been his or the driver's. The man was still buckled into his seat. He was dazed but not particularly bloody. I doubt he was comforted by the thought that his injuries were mostly internal. On the seat beside him was a takeout bag with the Galileo logo showing. He didn't have it for a hot panini. There were rubber banded stacks of money inside. “You see that bag, Celeste? What's inside?” 
“Duncan, you got to stop this. I get the point. Turn him over to the cops. Let him rot in jail for a few years.”
“That's not what we do. I told you I was the messenger. I have a message to deliver to him.” 
Duncan poked the man in the face with the gun. It seemed to revive him, but it didn't get his attention. The impact must have been devastating. 
“This isn't a mission,” I said. “It's personal.”
“Of course it is. Why shouldn't it be? The rule about only helping strangers was meant to protect us, but if we can't even protect those near us, what's the point? I'm in charge now, and I've changed the rule.”
“You're not in charge of anything right now. Not even yourself. You're doing this alone.”
“You're with me.”
“Because I'm trying to save you from doing something stupid. We shouldn't be here. You were supposed to be testing me.”
“I am, and you're failing.”
“Sage and Faizel don't know about this. Haruki only knows he was there when you told me. I don't know why you brought me along – to justify what you're doing or to make you feel better about doing it? I do believe you that there is a test. But this isn't it. You don't take me off alone, ask me to hold a gun for the first time ever, and watch you run someone off the road because he stole some money.”
“What would you do, Celeste, if it was your friend needing help?”
You don't want to know, I didn't say. The man moaned and tried to get up. The seat belt stopped him. 
“Exactly. That's what I thought,” Duncan said. He turned back to the man. “You awake now?”
“Who the hell are you?” Then he finally realized there was a gun pointed in his face. He grabbed his chest like he was having a heart attack. He wasn't, but he got a lot closer when he realized his aspirin or gun was gone. 
“I'm going to make this easy and simple for your brain damaged head. I'm going to ask one question. You're going to give me an answer. Then we're going to part ways never to see each other again. Got it?”
“Fuck you. Give me my gun back.”
“Do you want to keep the money you stole or the hand you stole it with?”
“What?”
“Duncan, don't. Just take the money and lets go.”
“Touch my money and you're a dead man,” the man with the gun pointed at him said. I decided he was naturally stupid, and the concussion just made it worse. That was neither here nor there. He wouldn't be anything if I didn't do something. 
“Think about it,” I said. “You can't take it back.” 
“He's made his choice,” Duncan said. His verbal barbs aside, the man didn't stand a chance in his semi-incapacitated state. Duncan grabbed the man's forearm and yanked it free of everything. He pressed the gun against the wrist where the bones and tendons and nerves and everything important led into the hand. He sent a bullet into it all. 
The man screamed. He snatched his wrist back. Too late. The hand hung limp, all feeling and control gone. Blood gushed out of the twin bullet holes on either side. 
“I hear about you coming within twenty miles of here ever again, you won't get a choice. You won't even know you're dead,” Duncan said. The man just kept crying like a wounded animal, which I guess he was. 
I wanted to stare, to bare witness to what Duncan had done. The savagery and brutality. I couldn't look. It has been too uncompromising, too quick and yet too deliberate. He had gone to the extreme. Despite all that, I couldn't force myself to believe it had been completely wrong. That was the true terror of it all. 
The click of metal cut through the screams and moans. Duncan released the bullet clip, one short of full. He tossed the gun inside the car and the bullets into the field beyond. He left the man his stolen money. He grabbed my arm roughly, almost like he had with the man, and dragged me to the SUV. I noticed his gloves for the first time. When had he put those on?  
“You're just going to leave him there?”
“The cops will be here in ten minutes. I know you're not stupid enough to think we're going to stick around.”
Of course. It just seemed one step beyond cruel. It wasn't over yet, but we had left during the last commercial. He was still going to be there bleeding and praying after we were long gone. He didn't know how it was going to turn out. Not that we did either, but at least we had each other.. for whatever that was worth. Something it seemed, the tension and silence included. 
Duncan turned on the first road he could find. Two cars had passed us. Once they saw the wreck, and if they talked with the police, they might mention the black armored SUV driving away from the scene. Taking into account the area, they would imagine various acronymed government agencies before they considered us. I wasn't worried about going to jail. It was amazing how little comfort that provided. 
“What was the point of all this?”
“To help a friend and to stop the gangster.”
“You didn't need me for that. I just got in the way.”
“I needed to see that even if it goes against what you want, you will make the right decision. It had to be real. There had to be real people at risk. There had to be real consequences no matter the choice you made.”
“My choice? Did I miss you bumping your head when you got back in? I didn't do anything.”
“You got out of the car.”
“You shot a man's hand off. Not the same thing.”
“That was his choice.”
“Like the one you gave Theron?” I asked, accused, spat. I had gone from suspecting to hearing to seeing what Duncan did. The gradual revelation made it easier, not easy. He stopped the SUV, blocking some farmer's driveway. It ran alongside an ancient apple-less orchard. I was tired of all this snow. Duncan turned to answer my question. 
“Yes.”
“You gave him a choice, and he chose to die? I don't believe that.”
“You just saw a man choose stolen money over his own hand. They always get a choice, and they always choose the same.”
“So you didn't kill Theron because he was...”
“Was what?”
“Different,” I managed. It seemed like a bad faded memory now. It was. 
“He was the same. He may not have been entirely human, but he made the same decision they all make. He could have left town. He could have left young women alone. He didn't. He stayed and attacked your friend while you sat by and did nothing.”
It hurt more than I imagined it could. It was a bad memory, but not so faded as to be gone. Mistakes never were. 
“I didn't mean to. I wanted to help her. I did. I didn't mean to do nothing.”
“It's okay. We were there. We did what you couldn't do.”
“I wanted to.”
“You wanted a second chance. I know you want to ask it. Go ahead. That's why we're here.” 
“I didn't take the gun,” I said, staring out my own window at the barren world. My soul must look something like it. 
“I didn't think you would. You're not a killer. That doesn't mean you can't do something else,” he said, shifting into gear and returning to the road. It was the same thing guidance counselors said when they destroyed your dreams. They thought they were doing you a favor. They forgot that making mistakes was part of growing up. “You passed.”
Did that mean I had failed myself?  

Haruki was waiting for us in the same way I had for him. I didn't hug him like I wanted to. I didn't trust myself to not bury my face into his neck and cry my eyes out in relief or guilt. Instead, I went straight to our room and stepped into the clawtub.  
I couldn't decide whether to go freezing cold or blazing hot, so I ended up luke warm. That was probably the best thing for me. I rubbed soap all over my body and scrubbed and scrubbed until I reached new layers of skin. I don't know what I expected to accomplish. Whatever it was, I fell short. Lady Macbeth could commiserate. 
I gave up and sat down in the tub holding my knees to my chest. The water hit my neck and streamed over my back like a waterfall. It might as well have been Chinese water torture. I needed that. It stopped. I looked over my shoulder. Haruki had turned it off. I looked away. 
“You shouldn't be seeing me like this,” I said.
“You're as beautiful naked as you are fully clothed.”
“That's not what I meant.” There were different kinds of naked. 
“What happened?”
“I passed.”
“I know.”
“Duncan tell you?”
“I knew you would.” 
“Now that I have, I'm not sure I wanted to.”
“Why?” Haruki asked. I spun uncomfortably in the tub until I could face him. He was bent down to my eye level, his body desperate to hold mine and make all this sorrow go away. He couldn't. The sun had disappeared. 
“Why did Duncan leave you?”
“To come here”
“I know. But why? What's so great about this place that he would abandon his wife and child to come here? It goes against everything he stands for.”
“It isn't always easy.”
“Have you asked him?”
“No,” he admitted. “We talk around it. I told you my family is good at that. It's how we survive.”
“Don't you want to know?”
“I think we believe if we ignore it, we can will it never to have happened. In a way that's true. We're together again. I have a place here and that's not going to change. We all make mistakes.”
“I have one, too.”

Sage had finally left her room. From the base of the stairs, I could smell the baking and frying going on in the kitchen. Haruki and I walked in. It being silent, I had only expected to find her. Instead, they were all there. Sage was leaning against the counter, sipping a hot drink. She had lost weight. Duncan and Faizel were at the table reading, one a newspaper and the other a tablet. It was back to a semblance of normal, togetherness held by a fragile idea. 
When they saw us, they all stood up formally. Duncan offered me my own key to the room next to Haruki's. I didn't have to move, he explained. Everyone in the house got one. It was theirs until they were no longer there. That explained one of the empty rooms between us and them. Maybe it wasn't so empty if Sage had been using it during the martial spat. The other remained a mystery though. 
I had thought all night about whether I would accept the key. I had earned it, no doubt about that. However, I didn't need it. I was only here because of Haruki. If he was gone, or we were done, I couldn't imagine staying. 
I took the key from Duncan, saying nothing more than, “What's for breakfast?”

The sun eventually broke through. It felt warm on my face, the first signal that winter may not last forever. Haruki and I walked hand in hand around the open field. He wore a vest instead of long sleeves to maximize his exposure. I knew it was working because he hadn't pull away. And I felt amazing, the worries and cares of yesterday gone in the euphoria. 
Duncan was the opposite of his son. He was bundled up against the elements. He stomped in the muddy ground, hands shoved in his pockets, eyes studying the ground. He would have preferred to have had the meeting inside, but Haruki had insisted. 
“There is someone who needs our help,” Haruki started. 
“Who and where?”
“A woman named Giselle in Albuquerque.”
“How do you know her?”
“She's a friend.”
“Haruki, you know the rule –”
“Was just changed,” I interrupted. 
“But that doesn't mean we just help anyone. We can't save the world. We have to have criteria otherwise we would be overwhelmed. Haruki knows that.”
“She's why I faked my death. So she wouldn't die and her kidnapper wouldn't think I would come after her.”
“That's a reason not to go. If he believes you dead, it would be stupid to let him think otherwise, no matter what he might do.” 
“Giselle fits the criteria,” he added before I could. “She is being held by an evil, powerful man. He runs all kinds of illegal things out of his nightclub. He owns the cops. He had enough money to find and kidnap her in the first place and plenty left over to track her down in Olympia. He's well funded. She can't escape by herself.”
“What's stopping her from getting help?”
“A electrified collar around her neck. It's linked to Kachada. If she leaves, it shocks her. The further she gets, the more it shocks. She wouldn't make it to the end of the block.”
“What else?”
“Besides the hordes of henchman, lack of resources, skills, allies, and every cop in the city looking for her if she does?” I asked, not exaggerating in the slightest. “She's not Wonder Woman.” Actually, she was pretty much the opposite. Her powers made her enemies stronger. It sucked. Obviously. 
“Yes,” he replied in all seriousness. “What psychological hold does he have over her?”
“He knows her deepest secret.”
“And if we rescue her and let him be, will she end back up in the same place? She has to be able to stay away on her own. If we can't change her life forever, we can't help.”
“She will. We get her out, and she'll never see him ever again,” Haruki said. That seemed like a stretch, but I kept quiet. Neither of us knew what Giselle would do if she was free this time. Duncan walked for a few moments before stopping. 
“I'll talk to Sage and Faizel about it.”
“I told her I would get her out. I gave her my word.”
“You shouldn't have if you can't keep it.”
“I will keep it. One way or another.” Haruki kept hold of Duncan's eyes until he knew. Duncan nodded and cut back toward the house. We were left to each other and the sun and everything we could do in it. Giselle was still on his mind and I tried my best to make Haruki for forget her for a few minutes. We would be thinking of her enough once we got to Albuquerque. There was no doubt in my mind that we would go there. Duncan couldn't turn down the mission, not after what he had just done the day before, not with Sage and Faizel needing something to distract them, not with our team needing to become a team, not with Haruki asking. 

The weather in Albuquerque was mediocre in late winter. It was different than when Haruki had been here last year and not just the weather. Instead of just Lupe, he was here with me and what was becoming his family. Instead of chasing rumors, he was planning and executing a rescue mission. Instead of leaving in failure and guilt, he would leave in success and glory. 
At the airport, Duncan rented the two most generic looking cars he could find – Toyotas. The place we were staying was awesome. It was an old Spanish mission converted into a hotel. There were desert cactus in the courtyard. Our rooms were on the top floor as far back from the street as we could get. The owner didn't know any of us personally, but he knew someone who did and that was enough to keep everything hush hush. The wads of cash we left him might have helped as well. 
“So what's the plan?” I asked, once we were all settled and gathered in the same room. Someone had to state the obvious. Duncan must not have had the slightest trouble convincing Sage and Faizel because we left for Albuquerque quickly. So quickly that we hadn't even had the chance to discuss the mission beyond the obvious goal. At least they hadn't while I was in the room. 
“We investigate our target,” Duncan answered. 
“Giselle or Kachada?”
“Kachada,” he said. 
“Our mission is to rescue her, not kill Kachada,” Haruki said. 
“And if killing him rescues her?” Faizel asked. 
“So be it,” Haruki said. “But if killing him doesn't rescue her, then we're not doing it.”
Duncan didn't respond. He just went on. 
“Faizel will watch the club and follow Kachada if he can. Sage will take Haruki and find out which cops Kachada owns. Celeste and I will check official documents for the money trail.”
“Faizel needs Haruki more than I do,” Sage said. “It's crazy to try and track somebody like this Kachada with only one person.”
“Kachada thinks Haruki is dead. We can't risk recognition. Faizel will only follow if he can. We still know where to find him.”
“I'll be fine,” Faizel tried to assure Sage. It didn't seem to work. 
“We only have two cars.”
“We can walk,” Duncan answered for us. Good thing I brought my running shoes. We broke up to go our separate ways. Faizel would need to find a place to watch the club from before darkness fell and it opened. Sage and Haruki had to go find some cops to talk to, starting with the detective Haruki knew Kachada had used to cover up Lupe's death. Duncan and I had to go catch a bus to find out who applied for the liquor license to the club. From there it would be who owned it and their taxes and finally their bank accounts, as Duncan explained it. 
“Why did you want me along with you?”
“It's the safest place for you.”
“You mean the safest place for the mission,” I corrected. Duncan shrugged. “Kachada is the only one in that club who knows what I look like. I change my hair and he wouldn't recognize me unless I was standing in front of him.”
“Duly noticed,” he said, before returning to his phone. There ended up being more sitting on the bus than walking. In-between stops he was sending e-mails, checking info online, and calling contacts in useful places. It was amazing what you could find out by knowing the right people. And paying them a lot of money. 
By the end of the day, we knew who officially owned the nightclub (not Kachada), where all the illegal money went (offshore), and what it would take to bring him down (too much). We reconvened in the hotel. Sage laid down a partial list of the cops taking money, drugs, or sex from Kachada's and his operation. It was long, but Sage believed most them to be merely culpable, not loyal. The club was still open, so Faizel wasn't back yet. Duncan elected to wait until the morning to plan the next action. He let Haruki and me go out to eat if I wore a La Femme Nikita wig and Haruki his hoodie. The crescent moon was bright in the sky.

Faizel got up late the next afternoon. The club stayed open until four even though the alcohol stopped flowing hours earlier. It had probably taken another hour for the place to clear of patrons and staff. Only then had Faizel left. He had made copious notes. Duncan had read them. The meeting was for the rest of our benefits. 
We were all seated around in the biggest non-bedroom available. A window overlooked the back alley behind the hotel, the white wall reflecting the bright sun I would rather have been standing in with Haruki. 
“Faizel, what's your report?”
“I did not see Kachada or Giselle. There are three possibilities. I did not recognize them. They entered through a different entrance. They were not there.”
“We have to assume it's not the first one. We know what Giselle looks like based on the photo Haruki supplied. Plus, based on this collar she wears, we have to assume she will remain in close proximity to Kachada.”
“I told you Haruki should have gone,” Sage said. “Faizel can't watch the front and the back by himself.” 
“He won't have to because we're going in tonight,” Duncan said. 
“Who's we?” Sage asked. 
“You and me.” 
“And  me,” I said. 
“No,” Duncan replied. 
“You need me. I know Kachada.”
“He may not even be in there. We're still information gathering not rescuing yet.”
“So what are the rest of us suppose to do?”
“Wait,” he said. That was meant for just Haruki and me. Sage went off to find more dirty cops and dirty non-cops. Faizel went to go see if he could find a vantage place to watch the back entrance to the club. At least Duncan let us go out again. In the dying sun against the alley, Haruki and I made out like we were back in Olympia on a rare sunny winter day. When darkness fell and the club opened, we retreated to our room to wait some more. We stared numbly at the TV, lost in our own unsharable thoughts. The radio sat silently beside us, itself waiting for a cry of help. None came. Eventually I drifted off to sleep. 
The next morning we had the same meeting at the same time with oh so similar results. Faizel had watched the back entrance this time and still since nothing worth mentioning. Inside, Duncan and Sage hadn't done much better. The most useful thing Duncan could say was that the bartender had been extremely helpful. 
“She said Kachada comes in every night when he is in town and that Giselle is with him. He holds court, as she put it, between eleven and one. Otherwise he's there somewhere, but out of sight. She said he's out of town now, and she never knows when he is coming back.”
“Did she say anything about another girl with him? Short, brown hair, new in the last couple months,” I said. 
“Another girl?” Faizel asked. “It is difficult with just one.”
“Who is she, Celeste?”
“She was a friend of mine. Is. He's not holding her against her will. I don't think.”
“You mean she is working for him?”
“I don't know. That's why I was asking. The bartender can tell me.”
“No.” 
“I wasn't asking permission. I was telling you what I was going to do.” That stilled the air in the room. I guess I was challenging his authority. I was part of the team. I should get a say. Sage and Faizel were looking at Duncan, waiting for his reaction. It wasn't worth fighting over. “She might tell me different things than she told you. Besides, we don't know when Kachada is coming back into town.”
“Fine,” he said, and we could all breathe again. “We have to go early if we want to get in.”
“Don't worry. They'll let me in,” I said. With Haruki's help, I went out and bought a little black dress and matching heels. It cost more than I would have spent, like ever, but it was Duncan's stolen money paying for it. Somewhere inside me, I felt the wrongness of it all. Outside, I looked pretty damn good. Haruki couldn't form coherent words for a few minutes after I stepped out of the dressing room. Even Duncan was impressed although he kept his mouth shut. 
There was a line stretching around the building when we arrived. Duncan would have been out of place standing in line, but the girls looked so similar to me at first glance. I had my black wig on to complement the dress, thick mascara and eye shadow to hide my eyes, and blood red lipstick to mesmerize the guys. How long had it been since I had dressed up to go out? Dinner with Haruki the night we found Orpheus. That hadn't been like this. Tonight, I felt so strong and powerful, like I could conquer the world with only my beauty and one-liners. 
“I told you we had to come early,” Duncan muttered into my ear. “We'll be lucky to get in before he disappears for the night.”
“If he's even there.”
“We won't know if we don't get in.”
“I told you not to worry,” I said, skipping the line and heading straight for the bouncer. The looks from the waiting people ranged from jealousy to amusement. The bouncer was black and almost rounder than he was tall, which was saying something both ways. With my heels, I could look him right in the eye. 
“He's my bodyguard,” I said, nodding toward Duncan lurking somewhere behind me. 
“You're hotter than the woman he was protecting last night,” he replied. 
“Thanks,” I said. It wasn't true. I was just younger than Sage. 
“If you ever want a real black man, you know where to find me.”
“You should get a business card,” I said. I knew I had him because he laughed. He opened the door and we entered, much to the dismay of the onlookers. 
The idea of Kachada owning and operating a nightclub formed visions in my mind. The reality was different, and more normal. Like our hotel, Kachada had embraced the architecture of old Albuquerque or had it recreated. It was the cantenia in Star Wars with fewer aliens, but the same number of suspicious characters. We were all just visiting from elsewhere. The modern touches were here and there: the European dubstep that threatened to deafen everything and the copious amounts of overpriced alcohol. 
“Has Faizel seen them yet?” I asked. It was just after eleven. Duncan didn't need to touch the earpiece he wore to tell me the answer. 
“No.” 
“Lets take a look around and see if they sneaked in a different way.”
“I thought you wanted to talk to the bartender.”
“She's not going anywhere. You want upstairs or downstairs?”
“We stick together. I'm your bodyguard, remember?” Duncan said. His lips stayed flat. He might have been serious. 
The club had three levels. The bottom was where all the action was, the dance floor and longest bar. The second was cut out like the courtyard at our hotel, the ceiling of the dance floor rising up and a balcony overlooking it. The third floor was for VIPs and Kachada presumably. A large staircase led up to it, guarded by professionals. They let you see the rich but never get there yourself. 
“Did you go up there with Sage?”
“Yep. Five hundred bucks just to walk up. It's the logical place to find Kachada.”
“Except that Haruki saw him on the bottom level when he was here. Is that where your bartender is?”
“You're probably right. If he was smart, he wouldn't let anyone so talkative up there.” 
“I don't think I ever said he was smart. Cunning for sure. Resourceful. Determined. Arrogant. Experienced.”
“You never said how you knew him so well,” Duncan said.
“Lets go talk to your bartender,” I replied. 
We descended to the lower level. It was well past eleven now. There was an empty cordoned off area in the corner. It was probably where Kachada held court when he was in town. We sauntered up to the bar like two cowboys new to town. Duncan pulled out a stool for me near the end. It wasn't crowded or busy despite the line outside. It was the kind of place people ordered drinks civilly even when drunk. It was a lost art. 
“Which one is she?” I asked. There were several possibilities plus a guy. 
“Her,” Duncan pointed. She had her back to me. The rest of the girls were in clothes that would have fit in on the dance floor. Our bartender was dressed in a purple and yellow football jersey over black pants. Her dark hair covered the name on the back. No wonder she was so willing to talk about a man you didn't want to talk about. She was too young to know any better. 
“Warm her up for me. I'm going to the restroom,” I said. Duncan looked like he was about to protest but thought better of it. Kachada wasn't here. Plus, he probably welcomed the chance to charm the bartender alone again. He hadn't told me her name. I wondered if he knew it.   
There was a line for the bathroom. It was one thing that could have used modernization. I got in line and texted Haruki while I waited my turn. He didn't respond. I forgot whether he had his cell with him. Duncan had only let me bring mine because it would have looked weird without one. 
The bathroom was in two sections. The sinks and mirrors were in one half and around the corner were the stalls. I made my way past the girls powdering their noses or fixing their makeup, adjusting their fake tits or smoothing their real dresses, doing drugs or putting on their happy face. The stalls were all still full until a girl left the second to last one. I stepped inside and someone shoved in behind me. 
“What the –”
“Hey, girlfriend.” Nisha. I managed to turn in the tight space. She closed the stall door behind us. If the other girls noticed or thought it was weird that their were two sets of legs in the stall, they didn't express it aloud. 
“You're working for Kachada?” I said, stunned because I had finally noticed what she was wearing – the purple and yellow football jersey. Western New Mexico University. She was the bartender. The one who answered all of Duncan's questions and couldn't shut up about Kachada. 
“A girl has to make a living somehow. We all can't be a pretty face.” That made no sense both because she was insanely beautiful and money didn't seem like a factor for her. 
“What are you doing for him? How do you know him?”
“I'm serving drinks to people with too much money. I don't really know him. I know of him. You've talked to him more than I have.”
“How do you know that?”
“Come on, Celeste. Why do think I'm here?”
“Haruki.”
“Exactly,” she said. “I couldn't give a shit less about Kachada. He doesn't have anything interesting to say.”
“So you've been waiting around hoping Haruki would show up someday?”
“Waiting makes it sound like I haven't been doing something.”
“Bartending is hardly the noblest of professions.”
“You're one to talk.”
“What's that suppose to mean?”
“I came here because I didn't think you were a cold enough bitch to abandon your friend like you did.”
“I didn't abandon her. She left to come here.”
“That's not the way she tells it.”
“She wouldn't talk to you.”
“I'm the bartender. Everyone talks to me.”
“Come on, Nisha. You probably don't even know her name.” That was stupid. She wouldn't even need to talk to Iris to know her name.
“Iris Bellamy. She's an Aries. She was born in a no-stoplight town in Idaho. Left the first chance she got. She picked Evergreen because she knew it would piss her mom off and her dad would pay for it. She saw it as the chance to reinvent herself, to become the girl she could never be in a town where everyone had known her since she was born. Kachada offered her a job, so she came here. Probably to piss you off.”
“You don't care about any of that.”
“You're right. I don't, but I had to listen to all that drivel before she would tell me about you and Haruki.” 
“What did she say?” I asked. Nisha laughed. 
“You are a selfish bitch, aren't you?”
“Would I be here if I was?” That made her smile.  
“I can't tell if I'm only half-right because you did come to help her even if you took your sweet time, or if I'm completely right because there's a second girl even worse off.”
“What do you know about Giselle?”
“Enough, even if she's not the talkative type. I forgive her since she's a Luna. About what you would expect. Silent. Depressed. Screwed up. Not like Haruki at all. Maybe not at all. She does have that tattoo. People are just dust.”
“We are all stardust,” I corrected. It was in Latin, so I guess that translation might have flown in a high school language class. 
“Pretentious if you ask me. But she doesn't even believe it. If she did, she would have already found a way to kill herself. But she hasn't, so that means she has something. A kind of strength. Hope. Maybe endurance.”
“Faith,” I suggested. In Haruki. Or in herself. Or the scariest of all, in me. 
“Stupidity more like it. But there is something admirable about her though. The way she is able to suffer and suffer and still believe that one day she will be free of that monster. You know what she doesn't think about right now? She'll always be a Luna. She'll never be able to escape that.”   
“Where is she?”
“She's here of course. Where's she going to go? Oh yeah, wherever Kachada goes. I told Haruki's father that.”
So she did know who Duncan was. She had been feeding him stories. How much of what she had told him was true? How much was designed to get at Haruki in some way? How much of our conversation was just her messing with me, and how much was for some alternate purpose? 
“What is his name, by the way? Haruki never mentioned it.” 
“I thought everyone talked to you,” I said. Nisha bunched the front of my black dress in her fist. She pulled me so I had to lean into her. It was probably meant to intimidate me. It wasn't working. All I could think about was the fabric holding my dress together and whether it would rip apart in her hands and if it did how I would get back to the hotel without showing the whole world something only Haruki had seen. 
“Sometimes I completely get what Haruki sees in you. Then you go and do something like this.”
“I never get what Haruki saw in you.”
“Then you don't know him as well as you think you do.”
“I know him better than you.”
“For now,” she said. Nisha shoved me back. There was no place to go. I stumbled into the toilet, my hands against the stall walls doing nothing to hold me up. Thankfully the seat was down. Nisha opened the stall door and squeezed out while I tried not to think about what nasty stuff I may have touched on the stall walls. I forgot all about having to pee.  
Where was Duncan? Shouldn't he have been looking for me or something? I know I'm a girl, but seriously, he should have thought I was taking too long. And hadn't he noticed that Nisha was gone from behind the bar? Speaking of which, she obviously wasn't going to be doing that again tonight. Or ever for that matter. Where would she be going then?
“Are you done?” A woman in a tight t-shirt and trendy designer jeans stood there. I was more than done. I had to get out of here. I bolted out of the stall and weaved my way toward the restroom door. It opened before I reached it. The two buddies of my bouncer friend obviously weren't there to use the ladies room. 
If I thought about running, it was only as a wishful after effect. They held me close and tight as they dragged me around the club. Having nothing better to do, I looked over my captors for signs of recognition. They looked vaguely similar to the two henchman Kachada had brought with him to Olympia last spring, but that was probably just part of the job description.  
I half expected to be brought to the cordoned off VIP area to face the king holding court. It was still empty. Instead, it was off to a unseen back elevator and up three stories to a room with a one-way mirror view of the five hundred dollar fee floor. The henchman deposited me and stepped back to guard the exit. As if we had a chance in hell of escaping. 
I was the last to arrive. Kachada sat behind a heavy oak desk, the don of this bordello. Beside him, optically trapped in the corner, Giselle stood, the electric shock collar around her neck shinning in the soft light. On his other side, leaning against the wall, looking out the one-way mirror at the rich partiers was Iris in all black, including her now raven-hair cut even shorter. Lastly, next to me in the middle of the room with his own personal bodyguard at attention was Duncan looking calm as always. Nisha was nowhere to be seen, not that I anticipated rendezvousing with her here. 
“Celeste, I gave the order to have you killed and your body dumped in the desert,” Kachada said by way of opening. If it was intended to scare the hell out of me, it worked. My dad said that there were two things you could do when afraid: face it or fake it. I was going to have to fake it. 
“You might want to send your henchman to obedience school 'cause I'm still breathing and this ain't the desert.”
“I stopped the order. Iris reminded me that I invited you to come work for me. So is that why you are here, Celeste, to ask for a job?”
“We came here to offer you a deal,” Duncan said. 
“No. Of course not,” he continued, ignoring Duncan. “You are too weak. You think yourself too good for this world. You came here to challenge me, to be a hero for no one.”
“We want to buy Giselle's freedom,” Duncan went on, ignoring Kachada ignoring him. 
“She is not for sale.”
“Name your price.”
“Who do you work for?”
“No one.”
“Vincent? I know how much he wants one,” he said, nodding toward Giselle as if she was an object, not there, or both. “Tell him I will never make a deal with him or anyone else. Better yet, I will send him your head as my answer.”
“I don't know who Vincent is, and I don't know what kind of soap opera you two have going on. I came here as a common courtesy –”
“I hired him,” I interrupted before he could say anything more wrong. Kachada wasn't going to sell Giselle, especially not to us, especially not when he knew what she could do. Duncan was right, they never took the deal. The problem for us was that he wasn't offering us one. I needed to get him to believe we knew something he should. “We were looking for you. How did you know we were here?”
“This is my club. I know who comes and who goes. Take off your wig. It makes you look like a whore.”
“The bartender?” I asked, not naming her. I gave a slight pause of rebellion before taking off my wig. I didn't know how to take his concern for my reputation. 
“Yes. Nina. An American name, but she is foreign. I don't hold her privilege against her. If we were over there, I would be doing her laundry or cleaning her house. In America, she works for me.”
“I can't imagine you doing anyone's laundry.” That got a forced laugh out of him. 
“Observant. Not me than. One of my brothers or friends.”
“Someone less intelligent and capable,” I added, laying the flattery on thick. 
“No. Someone less ambitious. Less opportunistic. She is both those things, always listening and watching. She gathered information and made connections. She proved herself useful when she alerted me to your presence in my club. She has done more for me in less time than that one has. Correct, Iris?” Iris didn't answer and didn't turn. “I might just promote her to work near me. It never hurts to have more beautiful women around. Even if they don't do anything, they are enjoyable to look at.”
“So why isn't she up here right now?” I asked, struggling to not think about where she really was. Hopefully Duncan had let Faizel know what was going on before they took him. Haruki shouldn't be in any danger. Nisha shouldn't be able to find him. I wanted that shouldn't to be a couldn't. 
“She is at the bar. I haven't promoted her yet.”
“I bet she isn't. I bet she's not anywhere in the club. I bet you couldn't find her if you had all your men looking for her at the same time.”
“Celeste, if you think I am going to send all my men to go look for her and leave myself alone, surrounded by enemies, I overestimated you.”
“I wouldn't look for her. You won't find her. You think it's a coincidence that she gives us to you and then disappears?”
“I see what you're doing. You're trying to make me afraid. You're trying to make me fear who she is, where she is going, and what you may know about it all. It does not work on me. When you have power like I do, you do not fear any woman.”
“Maybe you should.”
“I warned you about trying to take Giselle from me. I don't remember what I promised you if you tried.”
“Torture until you didn't enjoy it anymore. Then some more for the hell of it,” Iris said. She still hadn't turned. 
“Iris, what the hell?” I said. 
“Finally, you made yourself useful. I want more of that.”
“Why are you doing this?” I asked. She finally turned to me. She stared right through me as if I wasn't even there. 
“He appreciated what I could do for him,” she said. It killed me. I held my stomach and held back the vomit that threatened to come up. 
“Sir, this is just business,” Duncan interjected. “We came to buy the girl not steal her. She's your property to do with as you like. If I known you didn't want to sell, we wouldn't have wasted your time. You have my word that we will take our business elsewhere and never bother you again.”
“I am not a businessman. Your money and words mean nothing to me.”
“We're even, Kachada,” I said. “You came to my place. I came to yours. I realize there is nothing left for me here.”
“You forget, Celeste, that your friend came to my place first.”
“And before that you kidnapped me. Next thing you're going tell me is that our souls have been struggling like this for all history. This has to stop somewhere.”
“It stops now. You can take comfort in knowing that I will not have you tortured first. Anything you could tell me about Nina would be minor. Take them away.”
“Kachada, letting them go would be the real demonstration of power,” Iris said. 
“Mercy is not real power.”
“I'm not talking about mercy. Everyone already knows how ruthless and cruel you are. I'm talking about stories. They're the ones with the real power. You know the phrase, dead men tell no tales? You want them alive so the rumors will spread about how you are afraid of no one.”
“And if the rumors say I let my enemies walk free?”
“Then you point to Giselle and dare them to ask that question again.”
“Celeste knows no one. She won't spread any rumors. I should kill her and let the man do the talking.”
“And give him reason to come back like Lupe? Let them go now and they leave with no grudge against you. You have refused their offer. You have given them no reason to come back again.”
“Is that true, Celeste? I let you go, and I never see you and your friend again? What about Iris? You will leave her?”
“She was confused, Kachada. She couldn't see why I was doing this. But now she knows,” Iris said, answering for me. I didn't know though. What Nisha had told me didn't make sense. There was something more I was missing. 
“Okay, Iris,” he said. “We will see if your books teach the truth or if life is the only true teacher.” Kachada addressed us. “You will leave Albuquerque tonight and never return. If not, I will separate your limbs from your body and send them to my enemies as a real demonstration of power.”
“Thank you,” I said. 
“Do not thank me. Do what I say. I am not doing you a favor.” 
“Then I was thanking Iris.”
“Go now before I decided that killing you would make you leave quicker.”
“Be careful, Celeste. The streets are dangerous around here. It's best to stay inside this time of night,” Iris said. She was looking at me truly for the first time, her words meant for me, so carefully chosen during her long initial silence. 
I didn't have time to figure out what she was trying to tell me. Kachada had nodded ever so slightly. The door behind me opened with an influx of music. Duncan took my arm roughly and dragged me away. Before the door closed, I saw them all one last time. Kachada was contemplative. Giselle was desperate. Iris was intent. Then they were gone and so were we. 
The elevator ride was uncomfortable. The henchman stood facing us ready for action in case we made a move. Duncan was tense, ready for action in case they made a move first. I was the only one loose, my legs wobbly as the adrenaline drained out of me. They deposited us on the sidewalk in front of the club, an example for all. The bouncer who let us in quickly un-friended me. Duncan hailed us a waiting cab. A fresh hundred dollar bill, and he whisked us in the opposite direction of the hotel. 
“We have to get back to the hotel. Haruki–”
“Shut up, Celeste. Sit there and don't do anything until I tell you. Do it without thinking,” he ordered. That's all I could do though – think and worry and imagine. Nisha was out there somewhere and if I was a betting woman, which I wasn't, I would bet she knew where our hotel was. She had figured Duncan out easy enough. It would have been child's play for her to follow him and Sage back to the hotel. She was probably there right now talking to Haruki or worse. 
“Get out.” We exited the cab. Duncan pushed me through a rod iron gate into a park or graveyard. You could never tell which in the Albuquerque night. On the other side, Sage was waiting with the rental car running. We climbed in and jetted away. Duncan checked behind us for the tail he assumed was following. 
“Where's Haruki?” I asked Sage. They should have been together. 
“Still watching the front entrance to the club.” That was better than being back at the hotel alone. 
“Keep driving, but I don't see anyone following us,” Duncan said. 
“Faizel and Haruki haven't reported anyone unusual leaving the club,” Sage said. 
“And you didn't report Kachada showing up either. There's another entrance we missed.”
“You think the hotel is compromised?”
“Celeste?”
“What?” I asked. 
“Sage just asked a question,” he said. “You can answer it better than I can.”
“Nisha probably knows where it is, but she isn't working with Kachada,” I answered.
“Who's Nisha?” Sage asked. 
“Nina. Your helpful bartender.”
“You're going to answer some questions, young woman, after we find a safe haven.” Duncan hadn't meant it as a threat or warning. Even if he had, it wouldn't have scared me more than two other people in Albuquerque. One was in a nightclub. The other was in my hotel room. 
“She won't be at the hotel if we go back there,” I said. 
“Sage?”
“I think we're clean,” Sage said. 
“Then get us back to the hotel. I'll send Faizel and Haruki the new rendezvous once I find it.”
Duncan began working his phone. It being the middle of the night most places, it was amazing he got as many answers as he did. He stayed in the car in the back alley as Sage and I went up to the rooms. 
“Do you smell that?” Sage asked me. There was something, like the faintest whiff of a scent passing through. It could have been the nightblooming flowers drifting in from the open window.
“I don't really have that good a sense of smell.”
“Lavender. Someone was in here.”
“A maid?” I suggested despite the preposterousness of it. 
“Probably not this time of night, and definitely not this expensive.”
“Lavender's purple, right? It was Nisha.” Haruki had said that she loved purple, and she had been wearing the purple football jersey in the club. It was cheeky, but I guess her obsession extended to smells as well. 
Sage took out a concealed gun and searched the rest of the rooms. They were empty as I predicted. We packed up all our stuff, most of it still unpacked. Sage traded me a shortwave radio headset for my cellphone. I wasn't in undercover-character any longer. We left the keys on the unattended front desk with no explanation, not that we had given one when we arrived. 
Duncan drove now, the GPS giving him instructions with barely enough time to execute them. Sage road upfront, and I stared out the back window. 
“Okay, Celeste. Who is Nisha or Nina or whatever her name is?”
“She's not important right now.”
“She was in the hotel room,” Sage said. 
“So she could be following us right now?” Duncan asked. 
“No,” I said. “She won't follow us, and she won't go back to the club. Kachada is the one we need to worry about right now.”
“Why?”
“Because... because she's patient and he's not. I'll tell you what you want to know about her when we finish this with Kachada. Trust me, she's probably not even in Albuquerque anymore.”
“Neither are we,” Duncan said. The city lights were dimmer out here. 
“Where are we going?” 
“You'll see when we get there.” 
“The airport?”
“Not yet.”
Our destination motel was next to a truck stop on the highway halfway to Texas. Duncan drove over the highway to the north side. Maybe it would make a difference if Kachada sent someone to check the motels in the area. I didn't think he would. He made his choice, and he would stick to it. 
Sage and I ordered separate rooms at the same time. The sleepy desk clerk looked us up and down. We all knew it was weird, but thankfully he merely handed us our keys. Sage and Faizel would take the one. Duncan would stay with Haruki and me in the other. They arrived twenty minutes later, and for a minute, we all gathered in our room. Haruki hugged me long and kissed me short, his presence calmed me and his touch strengthened me. Faizel whispered something to Sage, and she nodded but otherwise barely acknowledged him. 
Haruki and I sat high in the one bed. Sage was on the edge of the other. Faizel drew the curtain a fraction and stared out the window. Duncan alternated between pacing and leaning on the TV stand, his shoulders confused between exhilaration and exhaustion. He skipped the rundown of what had gone down in the club and jumped straight to the only important question. 
“What do you want to do?” The question was for us all. “Kachada is there. Giselle is there. There's another confused girl there. The offer has been made and turned down. But...”
“There are no routine missions,” Faizel said. 
“Yes, but this could be a true mission,” Duncan said. 
“How so?” Faizel asked. 
“Kachada talked about Giselle as if she were not a person.” I looked glanced at Haruki. His face was a mask hiding his emotions underneath from me and everyone else. 
“He would. Men like that, he sees her as an object,” Faizel said. 
“Agreed. But he refused to even consider selling her when every object can be bought for the right price,” Duncan said. 
“Unless it has sentimental value,” Sage said.
“Or value uniquely specific to an individual,” Duncan countered. 
“What are you suggesting?” Sage asked. 
“Kachada may not be human.” Duncan stopped his pacing, understanding his own statement for the first time. Sage sat up straight on the bed. Faizel let the curtain fall back. It didn't stun Haruki or me as much. We had considered it at one time. 
“Like what?” I asked because no one else did. 
“Vampire comes to mind based on the dark night club and what Iris said as we left.”
“That is reason enough to go after him,” Faizel said. 
“Celeste?” Sage prompted me.
“He's not a vampire. At least I don't think so. I'm not an expert obviously. But he came to Iris and my place during the day. He just brought Giselle though. No one else.”
“If he's not, then maybe his bodyguards are.”
“He could be a warlock.”
“If he was, he wouldn't need the modern tech collar for Giselle.”
“Then maybe she–”
“How does any of this matter?” Haruki demanded, interrupting the rampant speculation. “Does it affect if we are going to rescue Giselle or not? I gave my word. I finish what I start.”
“It affects how we will.”
“Then it's agreed. We're not leaving. We're going after her.” Haruki looked at the faces around the room. Whether he had conned them or they were already committed, the result was the same. The silence was agreement. We were going back for Giselle. 
“So how are we going to do this?” Duncan asked. 
“Iris was trying to tell me something as we left. She said stay inside because the streets were dangerous at night.”
“Which means what?”
“I don't know. Maybe she was telling me that Kachada was vulnerable outside. Or that he would be inside at night. Or that we should get him during the day. Or I don't know.”
“But you think that she's not loyal to him?” Faizel asked. 
“She's not. She can't be. But he has to know that too.”
“So how does that help us?” Sage asked. 
“We create chaos,” Duncan answered. “We set an explosion to distract him. We hit him from all sides. He doesn't know who is attacking him. He doesn't know who to trust.”
“There's two entrances and five of us. They will recognize half of us,” Sage said. 
“He doesn't know that you were with us, Sage. You and Faizel can just walk in the front door. Celeste and I will go in the back. Haruki will set the explosion.”
“No. I have to be in there with Giselle,” Haruki said. I braced for things to get awkward the way they had when I had challenged Duncan. It didn't. They either respected Haruki more than me or nothing. That was it. How long were they going to hold that moment with Sage against me? 
“Celeste can set it then.”
“Don't look at me. I played with dolls not guns.”
“Fine,” Duncan said. “I will set it and sweep up. Celeste and Haruki will grabbed the girls. Faizel?”
“Do we kill him?”
“Only if we can.”
“No one will mourn if we do,” Haruki said. Concurring would have been redundant. The world would thank us if they knew. It never would. 

The moon was shinning fuzzily in the horizon. A thin fog and the lights of the city made it harder than usual to make out. They did nothing to dim its draining power on Haruki. It wouldn't be below the buildings for hours, and we wouldn't be inside for the same. Haruki was crouched against the wall of the flattop building. I was having to do most of the backdoor watching. We should have bought an umbrella or something better than just his hoodie. 
Time was ticking down like molasses on the watch Duncan had given me. We had to be in position when the explosion went off. There was only one chance to pull this off. Faizel and Sage had confirmed that Kachada was holding court on the ground floor VIP area. Nisha hadn't been lying about that. Also, this was the time Iris had referenced. 
“You think this thing is working?” I asked. The radio had been quiet for a while. 
“It's called radio silence for a reason.”
“It's called radio paranoia. I can't stand it when I'm waiting and all I have is my thoughts.”
“You have me.”
“I should be grateful for that.”
“You're not?”
“I just can't but think about what's going to happen after this, assuming we all make it out alive and in one piece.”
“Don't think about, Celeste. Just be present here in this moment. Whatever happens after this, we'll deal with it together. I didn't come here to betray you.”
“Duncan, we have a problem.” The radio crackled to life in my ear with sound of Faizel's voice. 
“What?”
“The target is about to leave.”
“Where?”
“Unknown. The plan will not work if we have to track him. There will not be enough time.”
“I need to make sure the distraction area is clear of people.” 
“I'll stall him,” Sage crackled in. 
“No,” Faizel said and Duncan echoed, but she didn't respond. I checked my watch. One in the morning. Nisha hadn't lied about that either. So much for an empty club. I nudged Haruki even though he was wide awake. 
“We got to go. It's going down now,” I said. We raced down four flights of stairs, then across the street. The backdoor was supposed to be locked from the inside, but the employees left it propped open so they could go out and smoke. We ducked inside and the explosion went off on the other side of the club. The walls rocked and the stacks of empty bottles awaiting recycling rattled ominously. 
It was exactly as Duncan said it would be, utter chaos. There was none of the precision, tautness, and isolation of my first mission with him. This was a mad house, the inmates running free in the asylum and the staff along with them. I felt like a US Marine in that commercial. While everyone ran away from danger, I ran toward it.   
Smoke had finally reached the detectors. The sprinklers opened up above us. The water did nothing to extinguish the fire within us. The alarms were sounding although they just seemed to add another layer to the techno music still playing. The DJ had fled to join the mass of people trying to exit the front door. As in all panic, consideration for friends and strangers alike was discarded like tissue paper. For a moment I thought we had gone too far, morally speaking. Then gunshots reverberated across the dance floor and I knew we had. On the edge of VIP area I saw them and forgot about the crowd and my own hypocrisy.  
Sage stood tall where the velvet ropes should have been if they hadn't been on the ground. Behind her, his arms wrapped securely around her body and a knife pressed to her throat, Kachada crouched. He was hiding from Faizel standing in the middle of the dance floor, disco lights swirling around him and gilting off the raised gun in his hand. Two of the henchman were dead between them, either human or susceptible to the bullets Faizel was firing. Finally, in the back of the VIP area, ducking down to avoid the stray bullets were Iris, Giselle, and Kachada's last bodyguard and his gun. It was a Mexican stand-off, as Lupe would have said, without any actual Mexicans. 
I felt Haruki behind me. He was beginning to drift around the outside of the dance floor, trying to get to the VIP area without Kachada seeing him. He had a chance covered by the darkness and sprinklers, but Kachada caught the movement in the shadows. 
“Stop. Guard.” The bodyguard retrained his gun toward Haruki. Kachada hadn't called his name or seemed surprised, so I assumed he couldn't make out the features in the shadows. 
“Kachada, we didn't come here to kill you. You don't have to die tonight,” Sage choked out. 
“You will die before me.”
“There is no escape,” Faizel said. 
“Who do you work for?”
“He shoots me, I shoot you.” The bodyguard had turned his gun back toward Faizel. 
“And you hit this bitch.”
“Or you.” 
“Anyone shoots, Kachada, and you're going down first,” Duncan said from the other side of the dance floor. In some ways this was even worse. Kachada was trapped on three sides. His only retreat was back toward the elevator leading up. He began dragging Sage back with him toward it. 
“Shoot then and watch her blood flow.” No one pulled the trigger. “You think I'm blind? I see the way he looks at her. The way you look at her. You are more scared now than when I was threatening to kill you and Celeste.”
This was really not good. I could see it all happening. Duncan and Faizel were going to let him walk away if it meant getting Sage back. They were going to let Giselle, Iris, and all we had worked for go away. They were going to do nothing. 
“Let her go, Kachada. Take me instead,” Haruki said, stepping out of the shadows. I was too stunned to even try and stop him. 
“I watched you die,” he said. 
“I'm his son,” Haruki said, nodding toward Duncan. “They will let you leave here alive if you let Sage go.”
“Giselle, come here.”
“No,” she said. Kachada turned like he couldn't believe it. She probably hadn't defied him since he had taken her back. If there was a remote control for her collar, he couldn't reach it without loosening his grip on Sage and the situation. 
“Giselle, I will cut her throat. I will shoot Haruki. I will shoot Celeste.” He may not have been able to do them all personally, but the bodyguard with the gun would certainly help. The sprinklers ran out of water above us as time ran out around us. The irony hit me. If the police arrived, Giselle would be the only to walk away from this free. We were all too frozen to do anything about it. 
Except Iris. She grabbed Giselle by her bare arm and pulled her up. She struggled but it was futile, her strength draining from her into Iris. 
“No,” Haruki yelled. Iris dragged Giselle forward. Kachada saw them coming, a weird smile crossing his lips. If he got a hold of a Luna, how many gunshots could he survive? Iris brought her closer still, Giselle starting to show weakness. All her strength was flowing into Iris.  
“Here,” Iris said. Kachada relaxed his grip on Sage but kept his knife in place and body shielded. Iris shoved Giselle at him. He reached for her with his free hand, the other keeping his hostage. Duncan and Faizel aimed their guns looking for the clean shot and finding no opening. Sage held on to Kachada's arm, doing her best to prevent him from slitting her throat. The game had changed and we still all hadn't moved. 
Except Iris. She jumped at Kachada and hit him in the side of the head with her bare fist. Giselle  used the last of her strength to break free of his grasp. Sage slipped out under his limping arm. Shots rang out from two different guns, the bullets missing as Kachada fell to the ground. A third joined the action. Faizel was knocked back but not over. The last bodyguard collapsed onto the coffee table behind him. Giselle was away and Sage too. We were finished. 
Except Iris. She straddled the body on the floor. Her fist went down bloody and came up bloodier. Spitting flesh gave way to crunching bone before she stopped and finished it with the eerie thud of a sharp blade into a chest protected heart. 
The sound set everyone moving. Faizel, cradling his right arm, rushed to Sage. He looked worse than she did. I made my way toward Iris. Haruki went to Giselle with Duncan meeting him there from the other side. Duncan reached up and Giselle shrunk back.  
“Don't touch me,” she commanded, no longer the helpless dog.  
“I need to get that collar off,” he replied. He pressed an electronic device against it. One push of a button and the collar died. It must have been some kind of EMP. We could get the collar off later. At least it wouldn't kill her to get away from Kachada. Duncan left Haruki and Giselle alone to come join me. 
Iris had finally stood up. Her right fist was covered in blood, her face spattered in it. None of it was her own. Kachada was face up on the floor, completely unrecognizable. The knife sticking out of his chest hadn't been necessary. She had beaten him with her bare fists in the same way he had done to her. Except Iris hadn't stopped. 
“Are you okay?” Duncan asked, lifting up her hand. It should have been broken from the beating she gave Kachada. I knew it wasn't. 
“I'm fine.”
“We have to go now.” For the first time, I separated the sirens from the alarm and music. They were close. “Celeste, can you get to the car?”
“What?”   
“I can,” Iris said. “Where is it?” Duncan told her, shoving a set of car keys into her hand. She slap-pushed me toward the back exit. Haruki had to half carry Giselle out. Iris ran down the street to the car. A cop passed us, but there were more people, more smoke, and more sirens further on, so he ignored us. Haruki helped Giselle into the backseat, and I climbed in the front with Iris. The GPS was already set, so we just followed the instructions. I tried using my radio but Duncan must have knocked it out when he disabled the collar. 
“Is she okay?” I asked, glancing into the backseat. Haruki was cradling Giselle to his chest. A flare of jealousy went up, but I snuffed it out. There was nothing ulterior about the embrace. It was innocent. It was just that he could never touch me like he touched her now – with care abandoned. But comfort was all he could give. He couldn't heal her like he could me. It was the trade-off. Not that we had a choice in the matter. 
“She just needs some sun. She wasn't at full strength when Iris started draining her.” I turned back to the front. I thought Iris might say something, defend her actions, but she just drove. She didn't need to apologize. She had saved Giselle. Besides they never had the kind of trust that could be broken by draining her essence. 
The escape plan was simple. It was easier to take one step in a direction they didn't expect than one thousand in a direction they did. The airport was out, ditto the highways, and especially the motels. That left one obvious way to get out: water. The Rio Grande ran right through town. We ditched the unlocked car with the keys underneath the seat for an enterprising thief. The GPS guided us to a large motorized fishing boat. The captain was smoking on the deck. 
“Get in. We cast off when the others get here,” he said, flicking his cigarette into the dark water. Haruki found a bunk below deck to put Giselle in. As promised, we cast off as soon as the others arrived. Sage wrapped Faizel's wounded arm with clean dressings. Duncan tried to check on Iris but I assuaged him. He tried the same for Giselle but Haruki stopped him. The collar was already discarded on the floor. 
There was so much that could be said. There would be time for that in the morning. We all fell asleep to the motoring of the boat and the slowly ending night. 

It was just after sunrise when I reemerged on deck. The boat was still motoring south. We had to have evaded any police by now. We would be disembarking soon for a car on a minor highway heading to Texas. It seemed as good a place as any. The others were still asleep expect for the captain watching the auto-pilot and the Lunas watching the boat's wake.  
Haruki and Giselle were on the bow of the boat, one comment away from pretending to be Leo and Kate. They were stripped down to their underwear despite the cold. I shoved my hands into my pockets. Maybe it was just me. 
Haruki looked beautiful as always, his muscles meant for the light of day. I had never seen Giselle this close to naked before. It had been bad enough to see her with clothes and to imagine the body underneath: the skyscraper legs, ample curves and no tan lines. She was one of those girls that could leave the light on and not strategize about where to put the bedroom mirror. The reality wasn't as pretty, at least not now. She was too skinny, her skin marked with purple and yellow where it wasn't torn with unhealed scars. The sun would fix her in time. A lot of time. 
“No Titanic moves please,” I said, walking up to them. “I don't want this boat sinking.”
“Would you say that if I made you queen of the world later?” 
“Well, I can swim.”
“It's a date then. At sunset,” Haruki said. I smiled. How could I be mad at him for getting half naked with his ex-girlfriend if he said things like that? 
“How are you doing, Giselle?” I regretted asking immediately. She forced a smile and reached up to the sky as if she could touch the sun with her bare hand. Haruki looked back east to where land would appear. “I never thought I would say this, but God bless Texas and her year round sun.”
“Thank you,” Giselle said. She climbed slowly to her feet, the effects of her long confinement still evident despite the healing sun. She leaned in and kissed me on both cheeks. I stood there mouth open. That was something I never imagined would happen, even with the sun out to give her back her energy. 
It meant more than any words ever could, especially knowing what she had just survived. 
“You're welcome,” I mumbled. Once again, the inadequacy of the words struck me. There was power in thank you, gratitude, or appreciation. Simple acknowledgement didn't belong in that revered group, but it was all I could give. 
“The captain says we're almost to the drop off. Then it's a long drive to Texas,” Haruki said. 
“What happens then?” I asked. We had never discussed anything beyond the escape plan. It might have been a military thing. 
“Giselle leaves to Brazil or Portugal or wherever she wants to.”
“Does Duncan know that?” 
“It's not his choice.”
“And us?”
“She's going alone.”
“For a while,” she agreed. “Not forever.”
“We don't have forever,” I said, running my finger along my own wrist where her tattoo would have been. Giselle held up her arm to look at the writing. 
“We are more than that, you told me. I will try to be.”
“You already are,” Haruki said. He covered the tattoo with his hands, hiding for a moment her history. The sun would go down too soon. I could give them these last hours together. Giselle would need it where she was going. Haruki might, too, but I would do my best to make sure he didn't regret any of this. 
I had to. I couldn't regret saving Giselle or trusting Haruki. He was letting one of the few people who understood him just walk out of his life. He was doing it for me. 

Winter III

Home sweet home. No one said it. I sure didn't feel it. Somehow though, we all finally relaxed – Duncan, Sage, Faizel, me, and Iris. Haruki hadn't needed to. He had let the burden go when Giselle had disappeared into the rising Texas sun while the rest of us waited for tickets at the Lubbock airport. He had done all he could do. He had set her free. 
Iris could have gone back to Olympia. Evergreen would have taken her back, Pari, her friends. She couldn't take herself back. There was really no place for her to go but with us. Duncan would see that if he hadn't already. When the taxi appeared and Giselle didn't, Duncan asked the inevitable question. 
“Where's Giselle?”
“She says thank you,” Haruki said, explaining her leaving with that one line. Duncan turned to Iris. 
“I think that was meant for you.” 
“I doubt it. Lets go,“ Iris replied. That was that. Iris was coming with us. Duncan paid for another ticket to Virginia. No one protested. 

I thought it would fall to me to give Iris the tour of the compound. Nominally, she knew me best, so she should have felt most comfortable with me. Haruki maybe, if she and I were still in that sort of awkward friends phase. On the primal side, Sage was a woman, too. I could have even seen a reason for Duncan to give her the tour. He was the diplomat and leader of this group. Faizel would have been my last guess-choice-whatnot. 
Faizel gave Iris the expanded tour, the one I hadn't been given. He showed her the garage and cars, the old slave quarters and new firing range. It was the full 360, nothing held back. And he talked. He didn't just show it to her in sullen silence. He articulated and gesticulated like the Arab he was suppose to be. It wasn't a side of Faizel I had seen before. I thought at first that it was getting Sage back. A sort of gratitude to Iris for saving her. The looks on Sage's face made me doubt that. It made me worry that the connection ran deeper. A sort of empathy among killers. The looks on Iris's face made me doubt that. It was something though. The dynamics of our little group had changed again.  
The six of us ate lunch in the sun room warmed by the actual sun. It would have been nice to have read our successful return as banishing the cloudy darkness. I could see the sky and the clouds hadn't disappeared. They had just shifted around, rearranged themselves against the same blue. It was what people misunderstood about rich folks. Money didn't solve your problems. It let you see different ones. 
Duncan debriefed Iris in the afternoon. It had been a mission after all. I asked to be in there with her, to defend her and explain where she was coming from. And if it came up, to answer any Nisha –  Giselle – Luna questions before Iris could say the wrong thing. Duncan wouldn't let me. Iris didn't want me. I managed to let her know that Haruki was still in the closest, so to speak. She had developed enough discretion over the years to know what that meant. 
They talked all afternoon and into the night and the next morning at breakfast, they handed Iris her own key. Just like that she was one of them. Us, I suppose, I should have thought, but didn't. There had been no test for her. No take the gun and trust me moment, no blow up the barn and believe moment. She had done nothing. She hadn't spent time in the cabin alone by herself, waiting to prove what she could do. She had been at the compound for twenty-four hours and already she had found her place in it. Some people never did. I hadn't. To think that she had done nothing...
Except she did. She had done something when no one else could. We were all frozen in place like icicles or fossils, and she had moved, acted, saved the night. It was more than I had done, a mere witness to events. It was more than Faizel and Duncan had done with their guns, Sage with her proximity, or Haruki although he had an excuse. Even Giselle had moved to escape Kachada's gasp at the last second. That was why they had given her a key, not because she had killed Kachada. They had given her the key because she had put the mission before herself, saved Giselle and Sage when they couldn't, kept her promise and helped us keep ours. 

With Giselle gone and Iris settled, there was only one part of the mission left untouched: Nisha. I hadn't yet told Haruki that she had been there. Not knowing any better, Duncan hadn't either. I was waiting to see how the next conversation went before telling him. I wanted to talk to Iris about what she had told Duncan about Nisha, but I didn't know how to bring it up delicately. I would need to do it that way because we would be living together for the foreseeable future. I couldn't let her fall by the wayside like I had in Olympia. Why would I want to? She had been my friend. We had both changed, but that didn't mean we couldn't be friends again. 
It was a beautiful end-of-winter day. I wanted to discuss the dark subject in the light of day. Duncan didn't demur. Sage had taken Faizel to the city to get his bullet wound reexamined. Iris had gone with them to buy some new clothes and stuff, since she had left all hers in Olympia or Albuquerque. At his father's suggestion, Haruki tagged along to pay the bills and watch her back. That left the house to us and our talk. Duncan made brown coffee for us. 
“Did you spike it with anything?” I asked. 
“Cream and sugar.”
“Nothing stronger?”
“Like what?”
“Sodium penethol.”
“That will just make you talk.”
“Which I was already going to do anyway. It just might make me less of a smartass.” 
“It won't stop you from lying to me. Not that you have a reason to.”
“Is it always rational? Not that I'm telling you that I'm going to. It just feels...”
“You're not on trial, Celeste. I just want to know what you know about the bartender.”
“I don't know much, but what I do know scares me. Kachada was easy to understand. His power was direct and blunt. He liked to remind you of that every chance he got. Nisha's like the opposite of that. She'll weave a web around you and wait for you to walk into it.”
“So what web was she weaving in Albuquerque? Who was she trying to trap?”
“Haruki,” I said. To deny it would have been too far from the truth. 
“Haruki? Why?”
“Does it matter? He's your son.”
“We just went after Giselle. Faizel was shot, Sage almost taken, and us nearly jailed because I made an exception. So why?”
“She's obsessed with him. I don't know why. It's like Theron with Iris.”
“Which means what?”
“You know what I mean. You talked to him, and you saw how he changed before Faizel killed him. I don't know what he was. I don't know what she is, but it's not good. She's not going to stop until she has him. She's not going to let anything or anyone get in her way.”
“Why didn't you tell me this before? Why didn't Haruki tell me this?”
“Haruki doesn't know that Nisha was down there. He thought we had escaped her when we came here. I haven't told him yet. Duncan, she's crazy. She's delusional. She was waiting for us there, and I walked us right into her trap. She was in our hotel room.” My trembling voice was real. 
“I know,” he said. “She downloaded a GPS location app to one of our phones while she was in there.” 
“So she knows where we are right now?”
“No. I found it and turned it off the day after the raid.”
“Duncan, we have to do something to stop her.”
“Like kill her?” Duncan asked. Was he really going to make me say it? Could I really say it? 
“You killed Theron.”
“He made his choice.”
“It will be justice for what she has done. Like Kachada. Offer her the choice and when she turns it down...”
“And if she doesn't?”
“You told me they always do.”
“They do. So if you are asking me to offer her the choice, then you are asking me to kill her. Are you ready to ask that?”
He was going to make me say it. He was trying to put the blood on my hands. Maybe they would accept me then, like they had Iris. But his logic was flawed. It was still her choice even if I knew what she would choose. 
“Make her the offer,” I said. 
“Okay.”
“Does that make it easier for you to do it – if I ask?”
“It is important for you to be a part of this, to realize that choices have consequences just like actions.”
“As if I didn't already know that from Albuquerque or any of the other things I have ever done.”
“Celeste, I know that you know that our next mission was going to be Nisha regardless of what you said. You asked me to make the offer even though you didn't need to because you knew I would respect that more. That I would respect you more. You're right. I do. You're a smart girl. I just hope you don't over think everything. Like this little talk we're having.”
I shrugged for I had nothing better to say. I wasn't a girl. Hadn't been for a long time. Why did men always make that mistake?
“It's probably about time you heard about our real mission,” Duncan went on. “You probably already guessed most of it from our references and comments. You've seen the fourth motorcycle no one rides. You've seen the empty second floor bedroom we skip over when offering keys. You heard how we talked about Kachada. It's why we are killers and thieves. It's why we're still the good guys. It's why we go all over the place to help people. 
“This place was founded as a sanctuary. It was meant as a place to stand against the evil of the world. The kind of evil ordinary people didn't see or believe. It was the noblest cause. Help those who couldn't help themselves. Chivalry in the modern age. Fight the leeches and parasites of the night. It was reward itself. A life worthy of living. 
“The founder brought us all here to be a part of this. To train and fight, to make the world a better place. We all did that. We do that. Except now we do it without him. We do it for him. For his legacy, for his vision, for what he started. We can never finish. We must push on despite that or because of that. It is the right thing to do.
“You're a part of this now, Celeste. You should proud. It's a life that means something.”
“That's what I want,” I finally said. 
“That's what you have. That's why we're going after Nisha.”
“Does Haruki know about the true mission?”
“He's like you, Celeste. He hasn't been told, but he knows. You tell him about Nisha. I will tell him about the mission. Everyone here has his back.”
“Leave no man behind. Isn't that the Marine motto?”
“No. Semper Fi. But we're not the Marines,” Duncan added. Semper Fi, huh. Maybe that was the army motto. I thought for sure it was the Marines. What the hell did Semper Fi mean anyway? 

Iris and I borrowed the Viper under the pretext of buying her some real clothes. Haruki hadn't been the best of critics, and Iris had lost all her fashion sense. It wasn't that the clothes weren't nice and wearable. It was just that they were drab and dark. Not like her at all. Not like she had used to be at least. They were break-up clothes which slightly disturbed me, so I tried not to think about it. 
“Do you want to take care of this now or on the way back?” Iris asked without turning to me. The compound had barely disappeared from the rearview mirror. So we both knew shopping was only half the reason for leaving. I could have told her this wasn't an interrogation, but she wouldn't have believed it anymore than I had. There was no point in playing stupid. We were so far beyond that. I had done that once upon a time with her, and in some ways, we were still dealing with that choice. It was about time I trusted her. And I would as soon as I found out if I could. 
“Now's fine.”
“What do you want to know?”
“How are you?”
“Are you serious?”
“It's not my last question, but it's my first.”
“I'm getting better,” she said. “I'm recovering. I'm glad to be here. With you. It's not over, but I feel like I can finally breathe without thinking about it. I like the place they got. The guys seem cool. Thanks for asking. I mean it.”
“You want to tell me about Albuquerque, about working for Kachada?”
“You know I wasn't really working for him. I was just doing that to get close enough to–”
“I know.”
“He tried to get me to do some bad things, Celeste. He said I had to prove myself. Prove I belonged there. Prove I wanted it as much as he did. Power. Prove it mattered to me more than anything. It didn't though.”
“I know.”
“I didn't do those things. That's why he was always giving me shit. He thought he would wear me down. He thought he would break me and then he would make me again how he wanted. His little apprentice. Maybe he would have if you hadn't come.”
“I didn't do anything, Iris. You got yourself out of there. I was just a bystander.”
“You weren't though,” she said. “You stood up to Kachada and you won. You know what he did when I did that? He beat Giselle. He made her suffer for my pride. He tore her up and made me watch. It was my fault she was crying. I couldn't even comfort her without hurting her more.”
“It wasn't your fault,” I said. “You saved her.”
“As much as I try, I can never fix it like I want to.”
“Iris–”
“I know. I'm sorry,” she said, wiping away the tears from her cheeks. “I sound pathetic. Self-pity is never beautiful in a girl. My mom told me that. My dad just told me to suck it up. I'm sorry. Okay. I'm fine. You wanted to ask me another question.”
“What did you tell the bartender about Haruki?”
“I didn't tell her that he was alive, if that's what you're thinking. I'm not stupid. I knew she worked for Kachada and that anything I said, she would turn around and tell him. But she was easy to talk to. I guess she had to be, being a bartender. I told her how I ended up there. The version I wanted Kachada to know. I didn't tell her I was there to save Giselle, to make things right. I told her I was there because I couldn't take Olympia anymore. My friends didn't feel like friends. That I needed to find a place where they wouldn't judge me for the mistakes I've made.”
“Duncan says you can have that here.”
“And can I?”
“What did you tell him about the bartender?” I asked, avoiding the question for now. 
“Basically what I just told you. She said her name was Nina, but I knew she was lying. Everyone walking into that club was lying in some way. I didn't trust anyone there. And yeah, I told him that she seemed more interested in you and Haruki than in me. I told him the truth, Celeste. If I had lied to him, it wouldn't have been any different than my time with Kachada.”
“You did the right thing.”
“I didn't tell him about Haruki being special because it's not my place. Besides he didn't ask me about him. And I wouldn't tell him anyway because you told me not to.”
“I believe you,” I said. Then I proved it to her because it was about time I started trusting her again. She had gone to Albuquerque because I hadn't been able to. She had stood beside me, watched out for me, and accepted my motivations without protest. She had earned the right to know. 
So I told her everything. Duncan. Faizel. Sage. Nisha. Haruki. Me. I told her the things I had never told her when we were first friends or rekindled friends or separated friends. It took the entire day to finish shopping. It was worth it. 

That day spent shopping with Iris, like we were naïve and innocent college kids once again, brought us closer together. However, it didn't mean we all of a sudden wanted to spend every waking minute with each other. Faizel continued what he had started with the tour. He spent more time with her than he did with his wife. His obvious desperate concern for Sage during the Kachada mission doing seemingly nothing to revert things to the way they had been. They began training together twice a day: physical in the morning and weapons in the afternoon. They watched soccer twice a week. That was slightly less weird because Haruki and I watched it with them. At least Faizel was a diehard Barca fan, and Iris still had her crush on Christano Rolando, so they could disagree on something.  
I wasn't the only one to notice it. Duncan came to me one day as I was cleaning up after breakfast. Iris and Faizel had already gone off to train. Sage had disappeared as usual. Haruki was in the sun room soaking it up after a long morning kiss. 
“I want you to make up with Sage.”
“Make up? Poor choice of words, Duncan.”
“Acknowledged. I still want you to do it though. Get over what happened. Be friends with her again. She needs it.”
Before my day with Iris, I might have told Duncan to tell Iris to stop hanging out with Faizel. Now, I swallowed my pride and agreed to do it. 
Sage knew that Duncan had played peacekeeper between us. She didn't say it, but I knew she knew. We didn't talk about what happened or the long time we had been avoiding each other. We ignored the elephant in the room and picked up as if everything was fine and dandy. It was easier that way. At least until Faizel got over his chaste infatuation with Iris. 

It was harder telling Haruki about Nisha than it was rescuing Giselle. I had waited as long as I could. The next day Duncan would be setting in motion the plan to trap her. I told Haruki as we lay in bed one night. The curtains and canopy were both pulled against the full moon outside. The room was about as dark as you could get. The only light was a sliver coming from under the hallway door. 
“Haruki,” I said. He was still awake. His breathing hadn't changed. Some nights I would lie there and listen to it. The rise, rhythm, and cadence all its own. Did he do the same on those nights when he needed to know someone else in the world trusted him enough to be completely vulnerable? 
“Yes, firefly.”
“What's up with the new nicknames?”
“Don't you think it's kind of cool to have them.”
I felt the bed sink as he turned on his side to face me. His hand reached out and slid along my leg, blankets and pajamas and safety between us. 
“Nisha was in Albuquerque.”
“I know.”
“Who told you?”
“Giselle.”
“How did she know?”
“I told her about Nisha. She's not stupid. A too beautiful Indian woman calling herself Nina shows up asking questions. She figured it out soon enough. She didn't know why she was there, but she knew it was her.”
“Why didn't you tell me you knew?”
“Why didn't you tell me you knew?” Haruki retorted, pulling his hand back
“Don't. I'm sorry.” He didn't put his hand back. I reached out and laid my hand on the lump of blankets covering his body. “I'm sorry. I knew that when I told you, I was going to have to tell you that we were going after her. That Duncan and Faizel were going to make her stop. One way or the other.”
“And you were going to help them.”
“I am. Haruki, she left you and she keeps coming back. She's planning something and you can't trust her.” 
“Then leave her alone. She can't find us here.”
“She activated a GPS app in your phone.”
“But Duncan found it in time otherwise we wouldn't be having this conversation. That was the last connection. There are none left. Kachada. Giselle. Iris. Everyone in Olympia. Miyako. They all don't know. She won't be able to find us again.”
“She is the connection. She found you before. She's never gonna stop. Maybe it won't be next week or next month or next year, but she will come and destroy what we have here. We owe it to Duncan not to bring her here.”
The soft pitter patter of feet drifted in from the hallway. The light under the door went out. The last person went inside to drift off to sleep. Haruki continued his breathing, a little less even than before. 
“What happened, Celeste, to not taking murder lightly?”
“I'm not talking about murder. I'm talking about offering her a choice. Leave you alone or accept the consequences of not.”
“We both know what that is.”
“So will she. I already had this discussion with Duncan. He tried to talk me out of it, too.” 
“Was he concerned about you or her?”
“You and me.”
“Why am I the only one saying not to do this to her? Me of all people? I will never forget what she did to me, what she made me. But here I am arguing to save her life.”
“Which is exactly why you should listen to me, Haruki. You know I'm only looking out for you. For us. You know it's the right thing to do.”
“I know it up here,” he said, beating his head hard. “I just can't feel it. I don't know what I want from her. What I want to say or do. It just feels like we're somehow not finished. It's incomplete and if we do this, it will stay that way. Forever.”
“She's not Giselle. She's not me. She's not like you.”
“I know. I know. I do. I really do,” Haruki said, as if he had convince himself and not me. The silence was all consuming like the darkness. I wanted to add more arguments to my side. Our side. They came to me, but I kept them to myself. It wasn't my voice he needed to hear. It was his own. “That's why I'm going to be your bait.” 

We went back to North Carolina, this time with the whole gang. Once there, Haruki turned the GPS locator app on his phone back on. Haruki and I got a beach house, pretended to be on vacation, and waited for Nisha to come. 
I made my second trip to the resort spa for the week. Alone. If Nisha was watching me, she must have thought I had turned into a prima donna. Haruki was at a golf course or book store or some other public place where Duncan, Sage, or whoever could watch him from a distance. I always started off worrying that this would be the time Nisha showed up. 
The ladies were pleasantly surprised to see me again. First came the glass of complementary champagne because I was spending so much money. Next was the hot stone massage. It was nice and ridiculously overpriced considering they just put some hot rocks on you and left the room. Lastly, they repainted my nails. I hadn't liked the shade of red they had used the first time. There was a hint of blue, as if they were tentatively edging toward purple. I had them switch it to green for no other reason than that Haruki had made me think of Evergreen with his complaints about spring breakers. 
After I had been pampered to within an inch of my life, I met Haruki back in town. I assumed Nisha hadn't manifested since he mentioned nothing. I assumed as well that he would tell me if she had. Obviously, I hadn't done the same, which was the reason I didn't ask. It was like Iris was telling me. As much as I tried to do the right thing, it was never enough. Or it was as Haruki said, I knew in my head what was right, but I couldn't force myself to feel that way. Maybe someday. 
The carnival was more than I expected. We walked right in through what would become the entrance. A dwarf and giant spotted us. They came over to kick us out. Haruki struck up a conversation with them. It didn't seem like he said anything special, but they invited us inside the big round top to watch the routines. It must have been the way he said it. Despite his almost physical perfection, they had seen an outcast like themselves. A man trying to come to grips with what he was in a world so much unlike him. They had found a place to belong, or made it. A haven, a small community where people cared about them. That was what Haruki had found when we had moved in with Duncan and friends. Almost. There was one last thing. One last person. 
The sun was setting as we walked along the beach back to the house. It was weird the way it went down over land on this side of the country. I was used to the west, the sun dipping to the watery horizon. That's the way it should have been, fire on water. Instead, here, on the east coast, it was just backlit like some staged photograph. Someday, when all this was over, I would have to see it how it was meant to be seen again. 
“Didn't you lock this?” Haruki asked me, as he opened the back porch door. 
“I thought I did. I don't remember. It's not like we have anything worth stealing,” I said. It was glass, too. It wouldn't take anything to break it and walk right in. I closed it behind me. And locked it. 
“I'm not worried about thieves. Nisha could just walk right in.”
“Like Nisha is stupid enough to just walk right in here.”
“And here I was thinking it was kind of smart,” she said. Haruki stopped in mid-stride to the light switch. He didn't need to turn it on to see who was sitting causally as ever on the living room sofa. She had ditched her purple in favor of all black. There was plenty of light to see her by now that we knew she was there. 
“It was clever,” I said, getting over my shock first. I reached into my pocket. Could I call Duncan without looking? Could I stall Nisha long enough if I did look? Haruki wouldn't be any help probably. Hell, maybe they were on their way now. One of them should have been just down the street. Play it cool. “Not smart. Clever only gets you so far.”
“Who told you that? They should read more. Clever gets you the world.”
“The Odyssey. Enough said.” 
“Hardly, but I'll give you that one. You have to admit though, there is a little bit of poetry in the setting sun. The end of all this”
“More like irony,” I replied. 
“Nisha,” Haruki said, finally joining the conversation, although that was the extent of it so far. 
“Hi, Haruki. I've been trying to see you. We keep just missing each other. No pun intended – I think. Obviously Celeste isn't helping any.”
Haruki's phone began to ring. Shit. I had dialed the last number I called. There was a four in five chance it was one of the people I wanted. That's why I didn't normally gamble. I couldn't afford to lose. 
“You can answer that if you want to. It's Celeste.” Nisha leaned back and flipped her hair. It annoyed me how unconcerned she was with what I could do. Haruki pulled out his phone. He turned to look at me. 
“Opps,” I said. What else was I suppose to say? I had already said she wasn't stupid. 
“You can call Duncan if you want to. He's still back at the hotel. The Arab is just down the street, but he's a little distracted right now. They frown on strange men lurking in nice neighborhoods in this town. This is the South. Cops around here might throw his ass in jail just because.” 
“What do you want?” Haruki asked. 
“You.”
“He's taken.”
“Celeste, please. Haruki is his own man. Unless you got inspired by Kachada and his harem, there's no need to be possessive and defensive. We're just having a civilized conversation.”
“Then conversate,” I said. 
“That's not even a word,” she retorted.
“You wanted to talk, Nisha. Talk,” Haruki said. 
“I said I wanted you and that we were talking. There's a difference, but it's understandable. This place is stressing you out. This fake life you're living. Lets get out of here.”
“We were faking it for your benefit, Nisha,” I said. I had used her moment of distraction to find the right number and dial it. My phone was open, the conversation carrying to our backup. 
“Haruki, it's hard to have a conversation with you when Celeste is constantly interrupting.”
“Tough shit,” I said. 
“Case in point. It isn't fair to any of us to do this here. It's not right.”
“What's wrong with it? The setting sun? The beach? I only ever see you near the water with darkness near or upon us.”
“Let me change that.” She leaned forward, the persuasion seeping from her. “You can come back, if you want, when it's over.”
“When is it over?” Haruki asked. 
“When it's done,” Nisha said. 
“That's circular.”
“Everything is,” Nisha said, standing up. “You have a moment to think about it, Haruki. That's my offer to you.” 
“We have an offer for you to,” I said. The timing was off. There was pause before the lock turned in the front door, and it opened. I had heard the car pull into the driveway. Duncan, Sage, and Iris stepped inside. They rushed in slower than I anticipated. Better late and all. 
Nisha glanced at the sliding glass door. Haruki and I stood between her and escape. Plus, it was locked. In a twisted way, I hoped that she fought. Too bad Faizel wasn't here. It would have been a guilty pleasure to watch him pay her back for calling the cops on him. 
“Duncan. Iris. Hibiscus.”
“Sage,” she corrected. 
“Learn to tip better, and I might remember your name. Otherwise you get the one that sounds like a bitch.”
“Enough joking, Nisha. What you say next will determine your fate.” Duncan said, taking a few cautious steps toward her. 
“Abracadabra.”
“What?” Duncan said. He wasn't the only one thinking it. 
“Shit,” she said. “I guess that makes you a liar because I'm still here. Where is your Arab friend by the way?”
“He's on his way back here after the cop stops driving around the block. Your arrogance was your downfall. Faizel didn't even see you, but when the cop showed up, he knew it was you.”
“You ever think that maybe I wanted the cops here, so they could take your fingerprints and ask you some awkward questions about a nightclub fire in Albuquerque?”
“They won't come, and you won't call them. We are all beyond that. There is no law between us – only choices and consequences, honor and justice. As Celeste said, we have an offer for you. Are you willing to accept punishment for the evil thing you have done?”
“What's the punishment for these evil things I supposedly did?”
“Incarceration.”
“That seems a little harsh. It's not like I've killed anyone. Which is more than I can say for some of you in this room.”
“You've done worse than that,” I said. 
“And if I don't accept your punishment?” Nisha asked Duncan, pointedly ignoring my continued interrupting. 
“You have proven you are a threat once again by coming here, by methodically and deliberately working to get Haruki alone. We cannot in good conscience let you continue to do that,” Duncan said. 
“So it's the old death by lead poisoning. Not much of a choice really. I'll take door number three, please,” Nisha said. 
“It is still a choice. There are only two doors here,” he said. 
“Yeah, I see. Sucks. Guess it's jail then. But I'm going to warn you, orange is not my color.”
“So be it,” Duncan said, stepping a little aside. Sage moved toward Nisha, a pair of plastic restraints in her hand. 
“What?” I said, dumbfounded. What did I miss? We were sending Nisha to jail like some common criminal? She put up no resistance as Sage yanked the banding tight behind her back. 
“Don't worry, Haruki. I don't hold the sins of the father against the son,” Nisha said. 
“What the hell is going on?” I demanded, grabbing Duncan by the arm to get his attention. Sage and Iris led Nisha out. Haruki stood numbly in the same spot. “I thought you were going to kill her.”
“I can't,” he said. “She accepted the offer.”
“You said they never do.”
“They haven't. Until now. I have to honor it, Celeste. Despite what you may think, I don't take the offer lightly. They still have to make the choice, and she has made hers.”
“You can't take her to jail. She'll just talk her way out,” I said. 
“She's going to our dungeon. Talking will get her nowhere when there's no one there to listen.”
“Duncan!”
“Faizel will pick you and Haruki up,” he said, walking out. From the doorway, I watched them leave. Sage drove with Iris beside her. In the backseat, Duncan guarded the prisoner. Nisha glanced over her shoulder at me. Where I expected to see fear or despair or anxiety, I saw none of it. There was only cunning. The cleverness she bragged about. Most of all, confidence. 
“What just happened?” Haruki asked as if he hadn't been there the entire time. I felt vibrations from his shivering body across the gap. It was the third time ever he had seen Nisha. I should have known it wouldn't be easy. I should have known so many things. 
“I misjudged Duncan.”

The dungeon was somewhere underneath the garage at the compound. There was a hidden passageway behind a wall of tools. Sage opened it with a number code from the main control panel. Duncan and Faizel led Nisha into it, and Sage closed it behind them. There was a way to open it from the inside. Not that I would find out how. 
“Why can't I go down?” I asked. 
“Why do you want to?” Sage asked back. 
“I want to see this dungeon.”
“It's nothing special. She won't be able to escape. She won't be able to contact the outside world. She won't be able to hurt anyone else. You can't see any of that down there. You just have to trust me that her life is over in everything but name.”
“How are you going to feed her?”
“Someone will take it down to her.”
“You?”
“Probably sometimes.”
“I'm part of this team, too,” I said. Sage took that as a rhetorical statement. She began unloading the gear from the SUV. Iris had already disappeared. She probably hadn't been able to sleep with Nisha in the same vehicle. I had watched Haruki try to rest during the drive. He had covered up to block the moonlight, and I had still seen him shake during his constant dreams or nightmares. 
“I'm going to sleep,” he said now, despite the sun going up instead of down. 
“I'll be up in a few minutes,” I replied, despite the adrenaline pumping through me. Duncan and Faizel didn't reappear. They had to be talking to her. With the gear stored, Sage left and advised me to do the same. They could easily be down there for hours or days if Nisha decided to play games with them. 
What were they asking her? What was she telling them? What did they want to know? I had to find out. First, I had to find out how to find out. 
Haruki was once again on the edge of sleep when I crawled into bed opposite him. He was so close and the sun was out and there was no way I could pull him to me and comfort him. It still nearly destroyed me every time. What did it do to him? It left him like this, racked somewhere between sleep and dreams. After a few minutes, his breathing calmed. Was it me, or could his body just not take it anymore? I knew it was me because I knew Haruki. 
Later, drifting, suddenly I sat straight up in bed, almost waking him from the little peace I had given him. There was one person who could tell me about Duncan. Someone who hadn't known him only at the compound. Someone who hadn't become a Luna because he left. Someone who had known him before all of that. 
Miyako. 
The school wouldn't give me her contact information nor the funeral parlor. The school had given the funeral parlor her contact information when I pretended to be them. It probably would have worked the other way as well, but I had what I wanted. 
I called her in the morning my time, night in Japan. I had been aiming to catch her before bed when she was tired and her defenses down. We had only talked twice before. Once just after Haruki told me he was a Luna. Then she had left him. Once just after Kachada had killed him. Then she had left me.  
“Hello?” Miyako said, answering in English. She must have recognized the country code. 
“It's Celeste,” I said. There was no point in pretending that she might not remember me. It would have been like asking if she remembered she was a woman. She may not think about it, but she would never forget it. 
“Celeste. How are you doing?”
“I'm fine. That's not why I called in cased you were worried about that.”
“I... I am sorry. It has been a long time.”
“Not really. It's actually shorter than the time between our first two meetings.”
“You want to know what I have done.”
“Sure,” I said. My last conversation with her was foggy. It hadn't seemed to matter as much after Haruki returned. 
“I am going to college to learn to make anime. When Haruki asked why I watched anime with him, I told him I wanted to draw and write stories like that. He told me I should, but I did not. Now I am. I teach English, too. I know I am not very good, but I try. My father is living with me. He had a stroke after I came back. He has not forgiven me for leaving with Haruki's father, but he stopped disowning me. I am trying to live a better life, Celeste. Like you told me to. Like Haruki would have wanted.”
“Have you heard from Duncan?”
“No. Not for seven years.”
“He was at the funeral parlor. I talked to him,” I said, not lying but leaving out the vast majority of the truth.
“What did he say?”
“Not much. Why did he leave you?”
“I send him messages,” Miyako said, ignoring my question as I had done to her. “I do not know if he receives them. He sends money.”
“For Haruki?”
“I do not know.” 
“Did he stop when...”
“No. I am sorry. He... did not stop. I should have sent some to Haruki in Olympia after I left. I could send some to you. Do you need some?”
“No,” I replied. Besides, Duncan was already giving me some directly. Or I was earning it. It was never made clear how that worked. “Tell me about him. Haruki's father. Duncan Babajide Wallace.”
“Babajide?”
“His middle name. Didn't you know that?”
“No. He never told me. I did not know he had one. He told me only his last name when I first asked. It was the Japanese way, but I do not think he knew that. He told me his first name when we first went to see a movie together. But I continued to call him Wallace when he came to my father's bar. I would only call him Duncan when we were alone. It was our secret.”
“Why did he agree to go out with you?”
“We did not go out. Not like you and Haruki. It was not romance. We talked about American movies at the bar. Japanese TV would show some dubbed in Japanese. I wanted him to take me to see an American movie in English. There was a theater that would show them with subtitles. Duncan went there sometimes. I asked him ten times before he agreed to take me. Later, he told me he said yes because that was the only way to make me stop asking.”
“Why did it become romantic?”
“Celeste, why do you want to know this? Why does it matter?”
“I'm glad, Miyako, that you have been able to turn your life around since your son died, but I'm still trying to deal with stuff.” It was true, but very harsh. Almost worse than a lie. She was quiet for a moment. Maybe it had been too harsh. 
“We went to see Pretty Woman. I was young and I thought I was in love. I thought he was trying to tell me something by choosing that movie. I put my hand on his leg and he kissed me. I kissed him back and we touched each other. Maybe it was the sake. Maybe he felt sorry for me. Maybe he let himself love for a few moments. I do not know. I could have left. I could have told him to stop. I could have pushed him away. I stayed because I thought he was the only one who understood me. He knew I was in love, and he was saving me from being sad and alone forever. We went to that theater again. We made love again. But it was never like that moment. I became pregnant with Haruki that night. The doctors told me it was impossible to know for sure. But I knew that was when it happened.”
That still didn't tell me what I needed to know. Even twenty years later, it was easy to see how someone had fallen for Miyako. She must have been a lot of guys' fantasy – the Japanese schoolgirl in love with American movies. Was Duncan one of them?
“What happened when you told him you were pregnant?”
“He was leaving, going back to America. He wanted me to get an abortion. He said he did not want a child, but that it was my decision and he would respect it. I told my father, and he disowned me. It was selfish, but I had to keep the baby. He would have left me alone.”
“How did you know he would take you with him? Especially since he didn't want the child.”
“I did not know for sure. I hoped. I knew he was honorable. A marine. He would not abandon me.”
“That didn't stop him from leaving Haruki and you later on.”
“It was a long time. We were not happy. He was better than the other men I knew. I do not blame him.”
“Blame him for leaving?” She didn't answer. “You blame Haruki. Or yourself.”
“I blame no one.”
“Why did he leave?”
“I do not know.”
“Who was he leaving – you or Haruki?” I demanded. The truth was in that answer. I was sure of it. I just had to find it. 
“Celeste, please. I am sorry. I do not know. I never knew Duncan like you knew Haruki. I was with him for fifteen years and I still did not know him. Do you know why I left?”
“Yeah,” I said, ignoring everything that told me to ignore the question. “I do. You left because you thought that you could finally do it without feeling guilty. I was your reason. I was your excuse. You thought that because he had me, he wouldn't miss you. If he didn't miss you, you didn't owe him anything.”
“I left because it was the right thing to do. I was never the mother Haruki needed. It was time I confessed that to myself. He needed better than me. He needed you. He would never have that as long as he had hope in me.”
“You're wrong. You were selfish. You will always be his mother whether you deserve to be or not. You didn't need to go back to Japan to change. You could have done that here. You could have done that for him.” 
“It is too late, but I did. I listened to what you told me. I listened and obeyed because you did the same for me once. I asked you to love Haruki and you did. That is why I left. He deserved you more than me. You may not believe me, or understand right now, but leaving was the most unselfish thing I ever did.”
“I don't...” I said. It was abrupt because it was incomplete. I wanted so much for it to be final. I wanted to be angry at her for leaving, for justifying her actions, for not giving me the key into Duncan's mind. I couldn't. It wasn't her fault she didn't know what I needed to know. “I don't understand it, but I believe you.”
“You can only understand it by experience,” Miyako said, the sadness evident in her voice. “I hope you never do.”

I supposed I could have asked Duncan to let me see Nisha. I saw how it would go. He would answer with an abrupt no. I would protest. He would inquire to why I wanted to talk to her so badly. I would twist the truth or outright lie or in some other way push my luck, privilege, or entitlement too far. Duncan would then pry the truth out of me, probably the other way this time. 
That meant I had to figure it out myself or get someone else to let me in. I was resourceful but not Mensa. Haruki and Iris couldn't help since they weren't allow down there either. So much for truly being a part of this community. Sage could have, but I wasn't sure I was willing to pay the price she might ask. That left Faizel. 
Faizel and Iris were shooting across the compound today. By across, I meant literally across the entire open field. The boom of a fifty caliber bullet from a sniper rifle was followed a fraction of a second later by the muffled thud as it rammed into, and probably out of, some unfortunate tree. I took the long roundabout designated path to the range, the alternative to becoming a walking dummy. 
When they finished, Iris assumed I had come for her. I shook my head no and nodded toward Faizel. She left us alone. Faizel dismantled the rifle and began to clean it. As per his style, he didn't ask what I wanted or make small talk. He went about his business and waited for me to blurt it out. I held off, instead watching him work his way through the gun. I had never seen it done before. He was delicate, touching each piece as if was a butterfly wing and not hardened steel. His movements weren't defined by efficiency and experience like Duncan's probably were. A gun wasn't his weapon of choice. For him it was close and personal. 
“I need to see Nisha,” I said, eventually. Faizel kept cleaning the weapon. Any surprise was hidden like an oasis in the desert. 
“She has been asking to see you.”
“Not Haruki?”
“She knows we would not consider that. She is trying to confuse us by asking for you.”
“Then let me see her.”
“It's not my choice. Duncan is the leader.”
“Now. He didn't use to be,” I said. That made him stop and look up. 
“I would not have allowed you to see her either.”
“Because you would have killed her.”
“Yes,” he admitted, going back to his gun. “We are not jailors. Kill her or let her go. She is worthless to us. There is nothing useful she can tell us.”
“Maybe it's who's asking. What has she been telling you?”
“Stories. She believes herself a teller of modern Arabian nights, but there is no open sesame for her cell. She knows her only means of escape is her mouth. She believes she can talk her way straight through the bars. She is wrong.”
“So there's no harm in letting me talk to her.” He didn't reply to that. “Faizel, she came after my family. You know what that's like. You know that if she had come after Sage or your sister, you would–”
“Fine,” he conceded. “You do nothing but talk.”
“All I want to do is ask her some questions. I'm not going to kill her. I'm not going to let her out. I'm just going to play her game better than she does.”

Faizel insisted that we wait until Duncan left the compound. It was two days later. Mid-morning he left to go have a drink and snack at Galileo’s or to kill an extortionist. I wasn't sure which. Faizel broke off his Muay Thai training with Iris to let me in to the underground dungeon. He didn't let me see any more of the code than Sage had. 
The dungeon was cramped. There were two barred cells side by side. A wall separated them. It seemed a little excessive considering I doubted even one had ever been used before. The hallway outside the bars was just wide enough that a prisoner couldn't reach through the bars and grab a victim. The locks were computerized, control by another panel far out of reach. There were no windows. The only lights were in the hallway, safely out of range of the clever inventive captives, which everyone becomes with enough time and desperation. 
Inside the cell, there was nothing but stone. Water flowed out of an opening at the push of a button. The toilet was a hole dug unceremoniously in the corner. There was no bed, just a blanket to keep you from freezing to death. Nisha sat in the non-toilet corner looking nonchalant like she hadn't heard me come in. She had. She just didn't know it was me. 
“Celeste,” she said. The only surprise in her voice was pleasant. Well, as pleasant as she got. She wore the same clothes from the beach house. They looked clean enough. “All alone? Where are your friends?”
“Busy.”
“Which one finally let you in?”
“Does it matter?”
“Sage.”
“Lucky guess,” I lied. 
“Not really. The Arab is a killer. You're not. Besides he's not much for talk anyway. Duncan might have let you in after I worked him over for a few more weeks. Sage though was just trying to do a solid for a friend. We women understand each other that way.”
The logic was so good it almost convinced me. Faizel was right. She was dangerous alive. A coiled, cornered rattlesnake. Words were the sound of her shaking tail. If we didn't take the warning, she would sink her venomous fangs into us. 
I stepped forward and tested the bars. No give. They were strong. Solid. Had she hoped for something weaker? A prison she could dig her way out of? A tower she could jump from? 
“Why did you give up?” 
“Give up? Oh, this game is far from being over.”
“You think you're going to get through these?” I asked, putting all my weight into the bars. There was no budge.
“That's not the only way out.”
“Right. You think you're going to talk your way out.”
“You think this is the first prison I've been in? This isn't even the best prison I've been in.”
“That depends on how you define best,” I replied. Nisha lunged at me. I jumped back as her hand burst between the bars, grasping at the air where I had been. “I was wondering when you were going to try that.” 
“Come on. I had to at least make an attempt,” she said, staying against the bars. “It's not like I want to be in here.”
“You chose to be here.”
“And what a choice it was: this or death. I'll take this for a little bit over death forever.”
“You know what I meant.”
“Ah. You think I wanted to be captured, so you would bring me here. Yeah, that's it because the dead bodies in Kachada's nightclub are ample evidence of your leniency.”
“Then why risk it?”
“You still don't get it,” Nisha said. She backed away from the bars and went to push the button for water. She didn't look at me. If I had left then, I would have been more confused than when I walked in. She was playing the same mind games with me. Well, I could play them, too. 
“Kachada threw me in a prison of sorts last year. It was kind of like this. Except dark, wooden, and above ground. Actually, now that I think about it, it wasn't like this at all. Not as secure. Easier to escape. You wouldn't have had any trouble.”
“You escaped from Kachada?” Nisha finished her water. I nodded. “How did you get out?”
“Haruki saved me.”
“Of course he did.”
“You don't have anyone to save you, do you?”
“I don't need anyone to save me.”
“Of course you don't,” I replied. I pretended to move to leave. 
“Celeste, stop.” I obeyed. “Come here.” I shook my head. “You know I won't hurt you.” I did but said nothing. She didn't do things twice. Except Haruki. “You think we're alone?” I hadn't seen any cameras, but I had found it hard to believe there weren't any. I stepped back to the bars. She pressed her face close, and I mimicked her. We were close enough to kiss through the gap. 
“What?” I said. 
“Why did you come down here?” Nisha asked. 
“To talk. To see the game you were playing for myself.”
“And now you know?”
“Enough.”
“Not quite. You see, what I haven't told them yet is the most important thing. I haven't told them about Haruki.”
“About how you seduced him? How you took advantage of him? How you stole his innocence? Yeah. That's kinda why you're in here.”
“No. I was thinking more about how he's a Luna. Duncan is too honest to be a great interrogator. He knows I'm something different. He doesn't know what yet, but that's enough. How do you think he would feel about finding out his son is an even bigger freak?”
“He'll probably kill you for doing it.”
“He'll probably try. But if I was you, I'd be more concerned about Haruki. If I'm going down, I'm making sure you feel it. I'm not going to walk quietly into the night.”
“Down here, there is no day or night,” I said. “And you're not going to walk anywhere.” With that, I walked out. 
Actually, I walked up to the door leading to the garage and waited. Faizel had to open it from the outside to let me out. He had let me in, but he hadn't trusted me that much. Either that, or the door only opened from the outside. 
“I told Duncan that I let you in to see Nisha,” he said. 
“What? Is he here?”
“He is on his way back. It is easier to beg forgiveness than ask permission. It is better to confess than to be accused later.” 
“Thanks. You could have told me that before.”
“Some lies are worse than the offense.”
“And some offenses are worse than lies,” I said. These cheap philosophical platitudes didn't change anything. Let Duncan come talk to me. I was ready. “Whatever.”
“Did she tell you what you wanted to know?”
“Enough.”
“Did she tell you her plan?”
“Yeah. It's basically like you said. She's going to try and use her mouth to talk her way out.”
“What did you tell her?”
“That she could make up her lies for all eternity and not reach the truth.”
“Even the truth will not set her free.”
I hoped not.

When Duncan returned, he confronted Faizel first. I took that as a good sign. 'Cause, I mean really, I hadn't done anything Duncan didn't already know I wanted to do. On the other hand, Faizel helping me was unexpected. His actions could have interpreted any number of ways. Subversion. Rebellion. Coup d'etat. Or what I thought: compassion. 
I wasn't worried about getting a lecture from Duncan. Like Brad Pitt said about getting chewed out in Inglorious Bastards, it was the worse he would do and I could handle a lecture. It was when he finished with the talking to, and moved on to the last participant in our case, that I was worried about. There was no doubt that Nisha would tell him about our conversation. How far would she go? All the way probably. That left one question. Would he believe her?
Iris was in her room. It looked like mine. Untouched. She really hadn't been here long. Plus, she didn't have as much stuff as in Olympia. I half wondered why she hadn't sent for it. We could easily have picked it up at any of a dozen airports. Another time.  
“Iris,” I said, tentatively, a decibel above normal. She heard me but didn't move from her spot in the corner. “What are you doing?”
“Mediating,” she said, opening her eyes. “Faizel says it helps him.” Incense floated to my nose. 
“Helps him what?”
“Deal with... being I guess.”
“You guys need to lighten up.”
“You are the expert on carefree fun, Celeste.” Her smile cut some of the sting out of it. 
“Sorry. Maybe you could show me how you do it sometime.”
“Sure,” Iris said, accepting my weak apology. She raised herself straight up, her balance and strength impressive. She walked over to the little alcove where she could sit and look out the bay window. I hesitated before going to sit down across from her. We were close, intimate. The way it should be. “What's going on?”
“I talked to Nisha.”
“I know.”
“Faizel tell you too?” That shouldn't have surprised me, especially after he had told Duncan. It just made me more unsure about his reasons for letting me in to see Nisha. 
“Yeah, but he didn't need to. I knew it when I left the rifle range. Why else would you want to talk to Faizel alone? You haven't changed at all, Celeste.”
“Yes, I have,” I protested. How could she think I was the same little girl she had first met at Evergreen? How could she think I was the same woman I had been even a couple weeks ago? My life had become an avalanche, unstoppable and all consuming. 
“I don't mean it in a bad way, and I don't mean at all. Just in the ways that matter. I just mean you're still doing whatever it takes to protect Haruki.”
“You make me sound so noble. Like I'm doing this all for him. Like I'm not being selfish in the least.”
“Are you?”
“Do you think so?”
“You care about him, right?” Iris asked. I nodded. “He's better off with you than without you. That's not selfish. That's love.”
“I'm just trying to figure out what the right thing to do is. It'd be easy if it was just me. If I only had to think about myself. But we're in this together.” Hadn't Duncan used those exact words?
“It'd be easier, but you wouldn't like it. Trust me. That's not a life, Celeste. It's something worse. But you're not alone in this. You got me. Duncan. Faizel and Sage. We're here for you.”
“I know you are, Iris.” I paused. Here is what I had come for. “But the others, they don't know about Haruki. Nisha is going to tell them.”
“It's okay to say it,” Iris said. “You're scared of what they will think. What they will do because of what I did when I found out. You don't have to worry. Duncan isn't like how I was. That's his son. He won't care.”
“What about their mission? Has Faizel told you about that?”
“Haruki is obviously a good guy. That will be enough for them.”
“So you think we should tell them,” I stated. Like I should have told you, I didn't add. 
“I guess you have changed,” she said. She was right, but not the way she thought. Like we both had said, I wasn't in this alone. It was Haruki's choice, too. Whatever happened, we would face it together. 

Duncan didn't even bother to chew me out. He must have known it wouldn't change anything or get anything out of me. He basically asked the same questions as Faizel, and I gave him basically the same answers. He nodded like it all made sense. I highly doubted that. As I had thought, I could handle a lecture or whatever this was. 
I moved to leave like I had with Nisha. He did what she couldn't. He stopped me, his arm strong and tight, one flex away from painful. Duncan leaned in close. 
“Celeste, if you ever pull some shit like that again, I won't let you off with a little talk and a nice warning. You're staying here because we invited you, and we can just as easily uninvite you.”
“If you ever try to do that, don't forget I know the illegal things you've done and where to find you.”
“Did you just threaten me?”
“Don't be a hypocrite.”
“I'm not,” Duncan said, defensively but without a hint of irony. 
“Could have fooled me.”
“That's because you don't know me as well as you think you do.”
“I talked to Miyako last week.”
“What?”
“Nothing. I was just leaving,” I said. His grip had relaxed just a fraction upon hearing his wife's name. I could have yanked my arm away; instead, I counted on my eyes to get me out. I stared him down and won – the battle. But had I just lost the war? 

My suitcase was open on the floor before the dresser. It wouldn't help to start packing before I had talked with Haruki. He needed to agree with me, not assume I had made the decision for him already. I had made my decision, but I only got one vote in this. 
Haruki opened the door and stepped inside the bedroom. Our bedroom still. He saw the suitcase on the floor, me on the bed, and the whole story on the quiet air. He closed the door softly behind him and turned to me. 
“What did Nisha say?”
“Holy shit. Did Faizel tell everyone?”
“Duncan came to talk to me.”
“What did he say?” I asked. I pretty much knew the answer. Duncan wasn't that original in his questions. 
“He asked if I wanted to talk to Nisha.”
“Was that before or after he threatened you?”
“It wasn't a threat. It was a statement of fact. Action and consequences.”
“Did you talk to her?”
“No,” Haruki said. “I told him there would be no point. Nisha would just talk in circles and try to get me to help her escape. If talking to me was what she wanted, then that was exactly what we shouldn't give her.”
“Nisha is going to tell them about you being a Luna.”
“She's told too many lies. They won't believe her.”
“What if she can prove it?” I asked. 
“She can't. She never sees the Luna she makes afterward. She doesn't know.”
“Except you. You don't think she could find out some other way? Books? Giselle?”
“Giselle didn't tell her,” he said.  
“Then she doesn't call you a Luna. She says you're different. That you're not human. That's enough.”
“Maybe it's time I told them myself,” he said. It took all my control to stay reasonably calm. How could I tell him about my conversations with Miyako, Iris, Faizel, Duncan? How could I capture all my feelings in a single idea?
“I don't trust Duncan.”
“And you trust Nisha? She's manipulating you.”
“I know she is,” I screamed. “Damnit. You think I don't know that? It doesn't change anything.”
“It changes what we should do.”
“I think we should leave,” I said. It ran counter to Iris's advice, but that was before Duncan had threatened to do to me what we were doing to Nisha – keep Haruki away.
“I think we should stay.”
“Haruki–”
“That's what she wants. It makes her story true. It makes us look guilty. We should do the opposite of what she wants.”
“And maybe she wants you to confess everything. You said she doesn't know, so maybe she's trying to get us to reveal what she doesn't know. It's my fault. I'm sorry. I should have listened to you. I never should have tried to confront Nisha. I should have forced her to take months or years to find us after Albuquerque. At least we could of have had peace a little bit longer.”
“It's too late now,” Haruki said. “We can't change what we've done. We can only try to make things right. That's our chance now. That's my father's chance. I trust him.”
“When are you going to tell him?”
“In the morning.”

Morning never came. We got ready for bed, slipping into our long sleeve pajamas. I wanted to leave my suitcase out as silent protest, but the final decision had been made. We were in this together, and we were staying. 
Morning never came. We laid awake for a long time, both of us lost in our own thoughts. Eventually, Haruki feel asleep and that should have made me relax. It didn't. My mind raced with extrapolations. They grew ever darker as the night progressed. 
Morning never came. They did. Our door creaked open sometime around midnight. There was no additional light from the hallway. My first thought was that Haruki must have forgotten to close it all the way earlier. Then the shadows moved. Someone was there.  I looked to my nightstand where I never kept a weapon. None magically appeared.  
The shadows differentiated themselves. I could tell one was Sage and the other a man. Faizel. They might have just stumbled to the wrong room in the dark. They could have been drunk, except Faizel never drank. They weren't in the wrong place. 
“Go in,” Duncan said. 
“I can't,” Sage replied. 
“What do you mean you can't?” 
“I mean I can't.” They were stuck on the threshold. It made me glad and sad at the same time. They couldn't get in because Haruki considered this room his home. They couldn't come in unless he invited them. He hadn't. Not even Duncan. But now, I realized how sad it was because it wouldn't be his home any longer. 
“Haruki,” Duncan said, loud enough to wake him. I could feel Haruki's eyes on me even though I couldn't see him. 
“They can't get in,” I whispered. “What do you want to do?”
“It's too late,” Haruki said. 
“Haruki, can you come out here?” Sage asked. “We want to talk to you.”
“We're safe in here,” I said. 
“We can't stay in here forever,” he said. 
“We know you're awake.” Duncan this time. “We can hear you talking. It's a simple request.”
Haruki clicked the light on the bedside table, blinding me for an instant. Haruki swung out and sat up in bed. All three of them stood on the other side of the doorway. Duncan had taken up his leadership position in front. They were determined and confused, scared and together.  
“It's not a request,” Haruki said. “It's simple, but it's a demand.” 
“Come outside and we'll take care of this,” Duncan said. 
“It's too late to fix this. We can only limit the damage. If we all go back to bed now, maybe we'll still be able to face each other over breakfast tomorrow morning,” Haruki said. 
“It's too late for that, too. Why can't we step through the doorway?” Faizel said.
“Why do you want to?” I demanded. “What did you come here to do?”
“Let us in now,” Faizel said. 
“No. What did Nisha tell you?” Haruki asked. 
“It doesn't matter,” Duncan answered. 
“How am I suppose to defend myself without knowing what I am accused of?” Haruki said. 
“What are you?” Sage asked. “What kind of... magic is this?” She reached out and touched the air, the invisible space where Haruki's home started, as if it was a solid wall. In a way, it was. But not in every way. 
Faizel raised his arm, a gun in his hand, and pulled the trigger. The boom ricocheted around the room, the bullet embedding itself in the far wall. He hadn't been aiming for us, but it was still meant to prove a point. It worked. They couldn't get to us, but they didn't need to. 
“Truth is the only defense. You can do nothing about that,” Faziel said. 
“Come outside with us now, quietly and peacefully, and we can leave Celeste alone,” Duncan said. 
Haruki didn't say anything for moment, but on his face, I saw him pass the point of no return. This wasn't going to end well. All the way up until the moment Duncan threatened me, there was still the semblance of hope that things might not be like Humpty Dumpty. Now, there was a million little pieces and no one could put them back together again. 
“Haruki, don't!”
“It's going to be okay, Celeste,” he said, leaving. I scrambled, falling out of bed as I twisted in the blankets. They made room for him to leave. I was too late.
“Nisha's told you a thousand stories,” Haruki said. “Why do you believe this one?”
“I don't, but what I believe doesn't matter. There is only what is,” Duncan said, echoing Faizel's earlier statement. Was that it? Was Duncan trying to kept control of his little community? Was he trying to hold on to what he had? 
I had tried that once – to have everything, to be everything. You couldn't though. You had to choose the ones that mattered most. You had to choose the ones you couldn't live without. You held on to those with all that you had and all that you were. 
Haruki disappeared around the corner into the hallway. They followed after him, ignoring me as I rushed forward. I crossed the broken barrier. They were escorting him, a prisoner to the gallows. Faizel still had his gun out. I could get to it. I could... Faizel turned. Arms wrapped around me from behind and dragged me down. 
“I got her,” Iris said. “She's fine. I got her.”
“Keep her here,” Faizel said. 
“Okay,” she said. Haruki disappeared again, then the others. I struggled to get up and chase them, but Iris held me down. She was stronger than I remembered or imagined. 
“Let me go,” I spat. 
“They're not going to kill him. They didn't kill Nisha. They're not gonna kill Haruki. We got to live to fight another day.”
Then I realized what Iris was doing, where she was coming from. She had just saved my life. She had just saved all of our lives. 

Spring I

Separation was a classic interrogation technique. It convinced me more than anything that my father hadn't decided what to do yet. He may have separated me from Celeste so he could question us individually, but he had also thrown me in a cell right next to Nisha. 
They didn't try to touch me as they walked me down to the dungeon. Then again, I didn't try to run either. They were afraid. I could feel their fear in the pace, hesitation, and silence. They didn't know what I was capable of. That is, how little I could do. They didn't know I had given up my only protection when I had stepped out into the hallway. I had taken it on their honor that they would not hurt Celeste if I surrendered, but I was at their mercy anyway. 
I hadn't had a choice. Just like Nisha hadn't. We had given her no where to run but directly into the teeth of the enemy. We had laid a trap for her, and she had turned around and laid one of us. Now, we were both captured, one cell apart. She had been asleep when they put me in the cell next to her. Or more likely, she had been awake but quietly listening with her back turned so they thought she was asleep. It hadn't mattered. They had said nothing and left the instant the locked turned. 
My cell was bare. There was water from a guinea pig style troth, a hole for when it had passed through my body, and the ever present light. There was no bed nor blanket nor nothing to do but lie down and attempt to sleep. Tomorrow was another day. 

“Haruki? Is that you, Haruki?” Nisha asked again. I opened my eyes. The light was still on. My bones were sore from the concrete. It hadn't been a bad dream. I hadn't even hoped for it to be a bad dream. I had just hoped Celeste was okay and me to know that she was. I would have settled for the first. I got neither. Instead, I got Nisha saying my name on the other side of the wall. 
“Who else would it be?” I replied. My head hurt. I was hungry. I had lost everything. In summary, I was in no mood to talk. 
“I find it best not to assume. You know what Steven Segal said about assumptions in Under Siege 2?”
“It was the villain that said it.”
“So you've seen it? I imagined you more as indie film geek.”
“Duncan!” I screamed. He had to come down sometime, but I couldn't wait. I had to know. He might not tell me straight up, but there was a chance I could read the truth between his words or silences. 
“Why are you yelling? He has the microphones turned up to the max, so he can hear anything we might whisper to each other.”
“Duncan, I want to talk to you.”
“Oh, don't ask him. Once he starts, he's like the world's most patient and cheap shrink.”
“Nisha, shut up.”
“What?” 
“He's not going to come if you keep on talking.”
“What if I don't want him to come?”
“I do,” I said. Nisha fell silent. We waited. It was impossible to tell time down here. It might have been five minutes or five hours. In the end, it didn't matter because it was Faizel and Sage who came down. Duncan stayed above ground, presumably to deny the prisoner his one demand. That Nisha had got hers impressed me. 
“Where's Celeste?” I asked when they stopped in front of my cell. 
“What are you?” Faizel asked. 
“What have you done with her?” I asked. 
“What are you?” Faizel asked again. 
“I'll trade you an answer for an answer.” 
“We kept our word,” Sage said. “She is fine. Unhurt.”
“What are you?” Faizel asked for the third time. 
“Luna,” I said. “Where is she?”
“She is still here. In her room,” Sage said. 
“What is that?” Faizel asked. 
“Look it up but don't believe all the stories you read. It's not a day-walking vampire. It's not a plant come to sentient life.”
“Why do you say it instead of I?” Sage asked. 
“It's my turn for a question. How long is Celeste going to be here?”
“That depends on her,” Sage said. 
“And me,” I said. 
“Of course,” Sage said. 
“How did you become a Luna?” Faizel again. 
“Nisha made me.”
“That's only like half-true,” Nisha injected from behind the wall. Of course she was listening. She had nothing else to do. Even if she did, she had nothing better to do. 
“In what way?” Sage asked. She kept looking at me even though the question was meant for Nisha. She wanted to see my reaction. 
“It's like saying the spark made the fire,” Nisha said. 
“It does,” Sage said. 
“Yeah, but you still need the gasoline, and Haruki is the highest quality kerosene. Together we just explode. Without him, I'm not what I am. If you think about it, in a way, he made me.”
“That might make some sense if you hadn't made other Luna,” I said. 
“You're the one who keeps coming after me,” Nisha said. 
“You came after me,” I corrected. “You won't leave me alone. You came to Olympia. You came to the beach house.”
“That was entrapment and you know it. You made it impossible for me to resist,” Nisha said. 
“She's playing you,” I said to Sage. “She's trying to make it my fault. She trying to get you on her side.”
“You lied to us, Haruki. That was more damning that anything she could say,” Sage said. 
“I didn't lie to you,” I said. 
“You did. You knew what we were and what we did here, and you didn't tell us what you were and what you did. Lying by omission is still lying. This place was founded on trust and a common purpose. It is held together by the duty and obligation we have to each other. More than anything else, that is what you broke.”
“Then kick me out. Exile me,” I said. 
“Betrayal was the start, but it was not the end. That is why you are in here. We can't let you go without knowing everything,” Sage said. 
“And when you do?” I asked. 
“You will be judged,” Faizel said. 
“By consensus?” I said. 
“By us. Whether unanimous or majority, it will be us,” Sage said. So I would have to convince two of them. Even with my father as an option, one would have been hard enough. Two seemed beyond reach. 
I wasn't Nisha. I wouldn't be able to talk my way out of this. For the first time, I allowed myself to feel the fear I had been holding at bay. 

Isolation was a classic torture technique. That more than anything convinced me that Duncan had already decided our fates. They had locked me in my room. I was alone, cut off from the rest of the world expect for twice daily visits from Iris and one of the others. They would watch while she brought my meals and took away the scraps. Neither would answer my questions although it felt like Iris wanted to. 
I was alone again. They wouldn't be back for another ten hours. I only needed ten minutes, or so. Thankfully, no one had commented on the fact that I had made my bed today. There was nothing under the blanket. The sheets were under my bed, not on top. They were spun tightly and tied together. The high thread count cotton made them strong enough to hold me. I hoped. 
Against the wall by the window, there was the old fashion oil radiator bolted to the floor. I tied the sheets around the metal and opened the window. The warm spring air rushed into the stuffy room. I tossed the sheets out. It had all seemed real simple in my mind. Climbing out the window and getting a secure hold on the sheets was the easy part. Ignoring my fear of falling and breaking something was the hard part. 
I half dropped, half slid until I was close enough to safely hit the ground. The grass was softer than I anticipated. I threw myself against the side of the house, praying no one had been looking out the living room window. I wrapped the sheet around a bush. It was mostly out of sight from a viewer inside the house. I would still need it again to get back up undetected. 
I duck-walked to stay beneath the kitchen window. Faizel and Sage were talking about nothing. The clang of dishes seemed to deliberately interrupt and punctuate their words. Iris must have been doing them. I wondered if Duncan was down talking to Haruki. 
The side door to the garage was open. The lights were off and all the vehicles were inside. Duncan hadn't gone out for an early bunch by himself. It didn't matter to me. I left the lights off since there was enough coming in from the windows. I hurried over to the SUV. It was unlocked as I knew it would be. I climbed in and tried to open the glove compartment. It was locked. Duncan had pushed a button on the dash to open it. Did the engine need to be on?
I started with the section I vaguely remembered. I pushed every button. After a few, the glove compartment popped open and then another did, too. The compartment inside the compartment was empty. The place where the gun had been and should have been was only thin air. Where was it?
“It should be here,” I said to myself, trying not to cry. 
“I put it there for your test,” Duncan said. He was standing a few feet away. The look on his face was hard to read. He was calm but surprised – not in a fear way, but in an impressed way. 
“So you lied to me,” I said. 
“About what?”
“You staged that test. It was artificial.”
“All tests are artificial.”
“Giovanni. The extortion. Even that pit maneuver was perfectly executed by both of you.”
“The gun was loaded, Celeste.”
“I know. Why do you think I came here?” 
“When I first saw the sheets hanging out your window, I assumed you were trying to escape. But you wouldn't have gone to the passenger side if you were.”
“I'm not abandoning Haruki. I'm not like you, Duncan.”
“But that doesn't mean you know me.”
“No. I think I finally do. You were never Haruki's father.”
“Unfortunately I am. The preliminary DNA tests came back, and we are a match. It would be much easier if I wasn't. If I could treat him like any other enemy.”
“No. You got Miyako pregnant, but you were never his father. You never wanted to be.”
“True, but that doesn't change the fact that I was.”
“That's not what makes it hard though. It's hard because he became your friend. You invited him here. You asked him to be a member of this little gang of yours.”
“You were, too.”
“We both know that I never felt truly part of this.”
“But you were. How you felt is irrelevant,” Duncan said. 
“You're wrong. What you believe and what you feel is all that matters.”
“It's not what you are.”
“It's all that you are,” I said. 
“Okay, Celeste. Whatever you say,” he said, yanking me out of the front seat. I could have fought him with my fists. There wouldn't have been a point. He was stronger. They had always been stronger. I could only fight with what I had – words and heart. 
“I just want to know one thing, Duncan.” He said nothing, just kept dragging me toward the door, away from Haruki. “The machete. What happened that Thanksgiving? What made it the happiest moment of your life?”
“You already know the answer. I chose to be there. I chose those people. We chose to be in it together. It wasn't an accident. It wasn't a mistake or carelessness. It was deliberate. It wasn't the Marines shipping me off to Japan or Miyako telling me she was pregnant. It was my choice. It was the last place I got to choose.”
“Until here,” I finished. Duncan agreed with his silence. That was it. He had never chosen Haruki. By the time he had, it was too late. He owed Faizel and Sage and this place, this idea, too much to give it up. “But why keep it?”
“I just told you.”
“You said why it was important, but not why you kept the machete. I can see keeping it for a little while. A little souvenir from Africa. But why take it with you when you left your wife and child? You said it reminds you of that moment, of being happy. I believe that, but that's not why you kept it.  You kept it because you were afraid of losing it. That moment. That feeling. It had been so long since you had it that the machete was the only thing that convinced you it was real. It was the only thing that let you believe it was possible again. If you let it go, you let go of hope. Without hope, you are nothing.”
“Then you will be nothing, Celeste. I'm going let you see Haruki one last time to say goodbye because I'm not a monster. After that, you will never see him again, no matter how much you hope. Tell me you won't hold on to something.”
“I won't,” I said. I didn't want to remember being this afraid. 

The food tasted bland. I knew it wasn't. Captivity made it that way. I crumpled up the leftovers in the brown paper bag and tossed it through the bars. It bounced off the wall and came back a foot. Someone would come to pick it up at the next meal. They didn't waste a visit just for our refuse. Another bag came flying out and hit mine, knocking it away. Nisha had taken to doing that.   
“You ever play boules?” I asked. 
“Bowls?”  
“The game. It's like curling without the ice. Like what you just did to my bag. Old Italian guys play it in parks.”
“Do I look like an old guy?”
“No. You look as young as you did that first night.”
“Thank you,” she whispered. Her voice was soft, but I could hear it clearly in the near silent dungeon. The only distraction came from the nearly imperceptible buzzing of the lights. Nisha had moved to where the bars met the wall, the closest she could get to me. 
“It wasn't a compliment. It was an observation. Does it have something to do with me being a Luna? Is that how it works?”
“Let's talk about something else.”
“Like what? What did you expect us to talk about when you found me and dragged me back to your cave like a neanderthal? Were we going to complain about the weather? Discuss our favorite movies? Share stories like we were old friends? What did you expect?”
“That we would talk,” she said. 
“We're talking,” I said. 
“That you would tell me about your life since I last saw you.”
“And you would tell me about yours?”
“If you wanted.”
“I don't.” I slumped against the wall. Things would have been so different if she hadn't driven away across the water that last summer morning in Florida. My answers. My feelings. “Why do you want to know about my life? Why do you care? You feel guilty for what you did?”
“What did I do?”
“You know what you did,” I screamed, grabbing the bars. I yanked with all my strength to tear them off and get to her and nothing moved. “You made me a Luna! You ruined my life.”
“I did?”
“Duncan's not here. Don't give me your bullshit metaphors. You know you did. It was your fault. Whatever part I played was secondary.”
“That's not what I meant, Haruki. You said I ruined your life. Did I?”
“Of course,” I answered without thinking. She had made me a Luna. She destroyed everything I had and everything I could have had. If that was not ruin, then Rome never fell. 
“What about Celeste?”
“What about her?” I demanded. 
“Do you love her?”
“Of course I do.”
“Then how is that bad? Is she bad? Is she part of this ruined life of yours? Is she one of those things I destroyed? That I took from you when I made you a Luna?”
“You don't know what it's like.”
“Then tell me.”
“No,” I said. I gave up trying to break the bars and get to her. At least physically. I could still talk. “You don't get to know after what you did to us.”
“You never would have met Celeste if not for me. You never would have found your father if not for me.”
“Look how that turned out.”
“It's not my fault that the reality's not the fantasy you remember,” she said. 
“Kind of like our night.” 
“Why? What do you remember?”
“A mature woman taking advantage of a naïve boy to get what she wanted.”
“No,” Nisha said. “It wasn't like that. It was special. We shared a connection that lovers dream about, poets write about, and that ordinary people never know. We wanted it and we had it and it changed us. Both of us.”
“It made me a Luna. How could it not?”
“It didn't have to.”
“Make me a Luna?”
“Or change you,” she said. That was it. That was all it took to stop me from being angry at her. I couldn't be angry when I was curious. I couldn't be angry when I wanted to know. She knew that. She was playing the long con, the payoff so far into the future that maybe she couldn't even see it. It let her keep doing what she was doing now: sitting in a cold inescapable jail cell without a care in the world. 

Iris was on my side. I had thought it before, but now I knew it. When she had brought me my last meal, it came with an extra treat. A cell phone. She had slipped it out from her sleeve while her back was to Faizel watching from the doorway. Since then, we had been texting every time she could get away from the other three. 
It was even worse than I imagined, and what I imagined what pretty bad. First off, Iris wasn't being given a say in any of it. That didn't surprise me. She was my friend, so divided loyalties could certainly be a factor (although that hadn't affected Duncan's vote). Plus, she would have made any voting number even, and ties were a messy situation, even in soccer. Second, everything was taking so long because Duncan was actually the one arguing that I should be given the chance to say goodbye to Haruki. The others were against it. Faizel more than Sage. And that was the worse part. Iris had tried to gauge Faizel's reaction, to see if maybe she could find his sympathy and use his affection for her to get us all out of this situation. She had found the complete opposite. His reaction was even worse than Duncan's. He thought that it may have been Haruki who hurt Nisha, that it may have been him who made her. If not literally in a Luna sense, at least in a made Nisha the way she was sense. Talk about blaming the victim. 
I shouldn't have been surprised though. It explained a lot about Faizel. His willingness to let Sage help him in the desert. His chaste infatuation with Iris, the Kachada-killer. A post-modern feminist, except he went to the extreme edge. He was a misanthrope in the literal sense. He thought the worst of men, contrary to all the evidence in this case. He was blind prejudiced convinced Iris that Sage would actually be easier to get on our side. I quickly divested her of that notion. 
We were in this alone, separate but together. It had to be Iris and me helping Haruki escape. She didn't think she would be able to help him alone. She didn't know the code to get down there, and they never let her down there alone. Her only real advantage was that they didn't suspect she was working actively against them. That left me. 
They had boarded up my window, cutting me off from the outside world. I felt more like Haruki every minute. It allowed me to think like him though. It made me realize that my only real way out was through the front door. It was the same for him. The only means of escape was to con them like Nisha or to surprise them like Haruki. Nothing would surprise them more than having the tables turned on them. I asked Iris to get me a gun. 
For Haruki, I texted. 
Guns locked up now, she replied. 
Something else then.
Knife?
Hunting?
Kitchen.
If nothing better, I texted. That's what it ended up being. During my next meal, Iris slipped it to me the same way she had the cell phone. It was long enough and sharp enough to do damage. It was primal enough and stupid enough to do nothing. I still remembered the day in Olympia I had tried to buy a knife and the sales guy had convinced me I would never be able to use one. He had been right. Pepper spray had been bad enough, hearing their screams as I burned their eyes. If I had to see the blood and feel it on my hands, I wasn't sure I could do it twice. I would have given a lot for good advice like that now. But locked in my room, I had nothing to give. 

It was time. When the door opened, Duncan and Faizel stood there. No Iris and no food. “Where am I going?” I asked. 
“You will have five minutes with Haruki,” Duncan said. 
“Five minutes?”
“That is more than I wanted to give you,” Faizel said. I could have snapped sarcastically at him. I could have choked out a protest or a plea. Instead, my throat constricted to produce a strangled nod. As we walked to the garage, I felt the razor sharpness of the stainless steel against my leg. It was held to my hip by my underwear. Faizel opened the door. Duncan escorted me down. Nisha was still in the first cage, her back against the wall separating her from Haruki. She smiled and winked when she saw me. I wanted to punch her in the face. I couldn't, so I stepped forward to see the second cell. My heart pounded uncontrollably. He sat with his back to the wall, a mirror of Nisha on the other side. He jumped to his feet when he saw me. 
“Celeste,” he said, his voice cracking and arms reaching through the bars for me. I wanted to touch him so bad. It took all of my will to resist. There was no way he could rejuvenate in here if I touched him. He would need all his strength for what was to come. 
“Haruki,” I barely managed. He looked so pale. He was still wearing the pajamas they had taken him in. The smell of the cell came to me: unwashed bodies and improper sanitation. He was alive, but letting me see him was the only favor they were doing. It was too terrible to think what it would be like after I left. 
“Your five minutes starts now,” Duncan said, literally starting a stopwatch. 
“Five minutes?”
“Can you at least give us a little privacy?”
“Yes,” Nisha said. “Please do. I need some fresh air.”
“I'm not opening either cell.”
“Then can you at least come back when our time is up? I can't bend these bars. I can't punch through this wall. We can't escape. I just want a few minutes alone with Haruki. Please.”
“Okay,” he said. “But your time has already started. Only four and half minutes left.”
We lost another twenty seconds before Faizel let him out and closed the door behind him. I moved to the bars, twisting my body to shield my hip from where the hidden cameras might be. 
“Are you okay?” Haruki asked. 
“Haruki, they're taking me away. I don't know what they are going to do to you, but...” I couldn't finish the thought. I pulled up my shirt and drew out the knife, nicking my skin on the unsheathed blade. 
“What's this?” Haruki whispered as he took it. We were pressed inches from each other. Nisha might have been able to hear, but I hoped not.
“It's all I could get. I don't know where you can use it, but maybe it can help you if they make a mistake and you get a chance–”
“Celeste, there's three of them. Even if I could use it on one, all they have to do is touch me and it's over. I'm not going to be able to escape. Not that way.”
“I will come back for you. I will get help. But what if you're not here?” I asked. The ramifications of letting me go began to sink in. I knew where this place was. My word meant nothing. They had no guarantee that I wouldn't come back. At the very least, they would have to move Haruki if not the entire place. Either that, or they weren't really letting me go. 
“They might kill you,” Haruki said. 
“Duncan told me–” 
“I'm his son and look what he did to me.”
“Then what do we do?” In our two minutes left together, I didn't add. 
“We have to take away your reason for ever wanting to come back here.”
“But that's you.”
“I know,” he said, pressing the knife back into my hand. 
“No,” I said, realizing what he meant. 
“It will be okay, but it has to be now. It has to be final. You can't walk out of here with a reason to come back.”
“Haruki, I can't.”
“Yes, you can.”
“Can't you do it?” I asked, feeling horrible even as I said it. 
“It would take too long. We have maybe a minute left. Trust me like I trust you.”
“What if I–”
“Kiss me.”
“Why?”
“Because I love you and I want you to have the strength to do it easily. I want to remember the taste of you when the pain comes and the light goes out.”
Haruki pressed his head against the bars. I kissed him. He tasted like prison and felt like desperation. I soaked up his power. My body felt like it was the last time. My mind struggled valiantly and almost futilely to convince me it wasn't. It was our only chance. I had to believe that. 
“Time's up,” Duncan said. I broke off the kiss. He was standing at the entrance, waiting, giving us one last moment together. One last moment to say goodbye. One last moment to do what we had to do. 
“My heart,” he said, holding the bars weakly. I knew what he meant. My hand was steady with his strength coursing through me. “Under the ribs.” 
“I love you,” I replied before I stabbed him with all I had and all I was. It pierced his skin easily, sinking all the way to the hilt. It missed all the ribs, hitting the heart cleanly. 
“No!” Nisha screamed. Duncan rushed forward. Haruki smiled at me, then his eyes went out. He fell backward, the knife still lodged in his midsection. Duncan threw me out of the way. With Haruki's strength in me, I could have overpowered him if I resisted, but I chose not to. What was done was done. The fight was over. 
“Haruki! Haruki!” Duncan screamed in vain. It was too late. 
I laid on the ground, my heart beating irregularly in relief and terror. 
Haruki laid on the ground, his heart still for the second time in his life.

In the end, it was so similar to the first time Haruki died. They left me alone with the body. Duncan hadn't even bothered to check if he was really dead. It was obvious between the blood and the knife sticking out of his chest. He had left me alone with the body. Except this time, Nisha was a few feet away. She started off with sobbing. It was quite possibly the first genuine emotion she had ever experienced. It almost made me pity her. Almost. 
“Why?” Nisha asked, when she had regained a semblance of control. 
“They were going to kill me.”
“They're going to kill you anyway.”
“Then we will be together,” I said, the lie rolling off my tongue because it felt true as I said it. She slumped against the far wall so she could watch me. She didn't. Shock had set in and she was somewhere else. 
I couldn't look at Haruki, at what I had done. I knew he wasn't dead yet. Not dead-dead. It was just like Juliet. He would come back. I just had to be there when he awoke and have faith he would. That was the hard part. As much as my mind told me he would be alright, my body still felt his skin tearing as I shoved the knife into his heart. I still felt his life go out by my hands. It was in my bones. I couldn't shake it no matter how much I shook sitting there on the ground. 
Eventually, Sage and Faizel came. He aimed his big gun looking for the slightest excuse to use it and solve most of his problems. He wouldn't deliberately miss this time like he had in the bedroom. Sage restrained me with plastic cuffs. They were leaving Haruki where he lay. 
“What are you gonna do with Haruki?” 
“You mean the body?” Sage asked. “Haruki is gone.”
“Bury him, please. He wanted to return to the earth like nature intended. To continue the cycle of life.”
“You don't get a say, you selfish cunt,” Nisha yelled after us. 
“Faizel, you're a Muslim. You know what has to be done,” I plead. Would Haruki come back if they burned him? I had never thought about it. Orpheus had never mentioned it. I felt sick to my stomach.  
The back of the SUV was already open. Sage shoved me up into it roughly and slammed the door nearly on my foot. Iris was inside, tied up like me. She looked as worried as she should have. 
“You killed Haruki? I thought you were giving him the knife so he could use it to escape.”
“I was.”
“Then what happened?”
“He asked me to.”
“They know I gave you the knife,” she said. “But they're not going to kill us unless we come back. Duncan gave me his word in exchange for leaving with you. I told him we have no reason to. Haruki is gone and Nisha means nothing to us. We wouldn't say a single thing. Right, Celeste?”
“Yeah,” I muttered because this had nothing to do with honor and I had none left anyway. I had just killed the man I loved. Even if he came back, I would never be able to forgot that feeling. I would never be the same. If he didn't come back... how could I be? 

The drive seemed to take forever. When we finally arrived, I saw that it really had. Iris had somehow managed to sleep through some of it. I tried to stay awake, for every time I closed my eyes I saw Haruki smile, felt him die, and jerked awake. It was dark. Dawn was still in bed with sunrise further off. 
Sage opened the back. It had surprised me when she had come with us alone. I hadn't expected Duncan, but I had imagine that Faizel would at least come in case we tried something. They must have thought we wouldn't. They had believed us about not going back. She cut our restraints painfully off with a giant knife, the irony not lost on me. My eyes took a minute to adjust to the light, or lack there of. We were in a grove of backwoods. The road was dirt. There were the stars and the waxing moon and the headlights that would soon be gone.  
“This is more than you deserve,” Sage said. She tossed our IDs at us. We weren't ready and they fell to the ground. She let a few bills float down beside them. “Don't forget that we were merciful when we didn't have to be.”
“We won't, Sage,” Iris said. 
“Don't talk to me. We're done with you.” With that, she climbed into the SUV and left us on the side of the dirt road in the middle of nowhere. 
Iris picked up the cards and counted the money. She didn't bother to give me my ID. It was her way of telling me she wasn't leaving me. She didn't debate the direction. She started down the way Sage had gone.
“Come on,” she said. No time to waste on feeling sorry for ourselves. Duncan had kept his word. We were alive. I trudged after Iris. I didn't know where she was going. I knew where I had to go, and in extension, where we would go. 
“We have to go back,” I said. 
“That's the last place we have to go.”
“We have to get Haruki's body.”
“They let us go, Celeste. We can get to some place safe. We can disappear. They'll never find us again. We go back there, they will hunt us down forever.”
“Haruki is going to come back alive at the next dark moon. I have to be there to help him.”
“I still don't understand that.”
“You don't have to. It's his gift. But if I'm not there, it will be his curse. If he wakes up buried in a coffin or in the cold ground or in some swamp he will died again. Then on the next dark moon, he will come back again and die again. And it will keep going forever or until I save him. You have helped me so much, Iris. I'm thankful for that, and I understand if you can't come with me. You finally felt like you belonged somewhere, and I destroyed that. I don't blame you. I've put you through so much. But I have to go back. I've always had to since that first moment Haruki held me and made the rest of the world fade away.”
“You made me feel like I belonged,” she said. “At Evergreen. Our first quarter there. You didn't have to. Just because I sat next to you that first day in class. I screwed it all up so much. Everyone else saw that I was young and naïve and unsure, but you accepted that and forgave me anyway. Maybe some day Faizel, Sage, and Duncan would have treated me like that, or maybe they would have got scared of who I was.” Iris stopped and turned to me. “Basically what I'm saying is that I'm gonna help you get Haruki back. But we're gonna do it right.” 
“Okay.”
“We're gonna need some help.”
“Vincent,” I said. I had been thinking of him on the ride down. He had been my backup plan if Iris didn't want to help me. He had helped Haruki save me from Kachada. It would cost me something – years of my life probably. That was nothing compared to a lifetime with Haruki or his eternity without me doing it. 
“I was thinking more of Pari.”
“I'm not looking to negotiate with them. I'm looking to take back what's mine.”
That settled it. We would contact Vincent right after we found his number. He had given it to me once upon a time, but it was lost or burned in the stuff I had left at the compound. I wasn't inclined to call Pari about it. In the end, Iris was the one who found it.  
We made it to a main road sometime after sunrise. We hitchhiked our way to Memphis, the nearest major city. The money bought tickets to New Mexico. Iris retrieved a stash of cash and drugs around the corner from the burned out rumbled of Kachada's nightclub. She had hidden it there in one of her few moments alone. She bought essentials with the cash and traded the drugs for information. Three days later, we sat down opposite Vincent at a cafe in the French Quarter of New Orleans because he was nothing if not cliché. 
Vincent was impeccably dressed in a white silk suit straight out of French Indochina circa colonialism. Iris was all in black, seemingly her color of choice these dark days. I was in a floral print spring dress recovered from some plantation attic. Vincent had sent us to a shop and insisted I wear it as a condition of meeting him. The sun on my shoulders kept me from shivering in it. 
Vincent had tried to order in French. The waitress wasn't impressed. He lowered himself to using English to get his mint julep. He had ordered an ice tea for me and a bourbon on the rocks for Iris. She had tossed the bourbon in the nearby bushes when it arrived and asked the waitress for a glass of water. He had only smiled. 
“Albuquerque was better before they bombed it,” Vincent said wishfully and without preamble. 
“When was that?” I asked politely. 
“1812.”
“You were here?”
“No. That was two hundred years ago.”
“So?” Iris asked. 
“My cheri, I am not a vampire.”
“Then what are you?”
“A trader. A businessman. A dealer in the most unusual and unique of favors. But you should already know that. I remember you from when I was negotiating with a Monsieur Haruki Wallace.” 
“I remember you, too. You wouldn't let us come to the negotiation with him. You wouldn't let us come to help rescue Celeste. You let Haruki die.”
“My deal was not to protect him.”
“Obviously,” Iris smirked. “You wouldn't be worth much if you couldn't fulfill your contracts.” 
She sipped her water with a no bullshit look on her face. She was the third wheel in this conversation. The one out of place in both attitude, dress, and drink. Vincent and I were dancing. It was artificial, a contrived waltz for the upper echelons of societal consideration. It was a give and take between two potential partners that had nothing to do with terms and everything to do with personalities. We weren't dealing in things. We were dealing in each other. 
“Vincent, we need your help,” I said in French. I knew he would like that.
“Business so soon? We will have dinner after we come to an agreement and speak more enjoyably. So, what is it that you need, Celeste? And what are you willing to trade to get it?”
“Haruki's body. Some people have stolen it.”
“How many?” Vincent asked. I had expected him to have to tell him some version of what had happened. I had forgotten or hadn't known that Vincent didn't care about why. He cared about what. What was being traded? What were the terms? What happened if either party failed to deliver? 
“Three.”
“Okay. And your offer?”
“One year of service. That's what you gave Haruki.”
“One year per hostage I offered Haruki. Two people. Two years.”
“One body. One year.”
“As I told Haruki, saving a man is harder than killing a man. I completed my part of my contract with him, but he did not.”
“You completed half of it. You didn't save Giselle.”
“Pardon moi. My mistake. Give me five years, Celeste, and I will find his body for you and kill the men who took it.”
“A minute ago it was three years, now it's five? You're going the wrong way.”
“Three for the men, one for the body, and one for the year he owes me.”
“Three for the body, none for what he owes you, and you give me a month to put my affairs in order before you own me.”
“Deal,” Vincent said, wasting no time. He laid his carrying case on the table. He pulled out a sheet of canvas, a quill, and ink jar. 
“Wait. What just happened?” Iris asked, not following any of the French. 
“We made a deal.”
“What kind of deal?”
“Three years of my life for Haruki's body,” I said. Vincent offered me a knife. The sunlight glinted off the ink jar revealing the redness inside. There was no way out of this. With a few drops of blood and the swipe of the pen, I would be giving up the next three years of my life. It reminded me of the night I had walked into the army recruiting station, except there was no quitting this, no dishonorable discharge. There was it or there was death. Haruki's death. With a single prick of my finger, I would save him. I reached for the knife. 
Iris snatched it out of Vincent's hand the moment before I got there. Her left hand grabbed the blade and she pulled down with her right. The blade came away edged in blood. She held her hand over the open ink jar and squeezed globs of blood into it. Vincent and I were too stunned to stop her. She probably would have shoved the knife into the table if it hadn't been rod iron. 
“I'm not your maid, and I'm not your mistress. Now where do I sign?” 
“My agreement was with Celeste.”
“Now it's with me, or we get up and walk out of here. Don't worry. You're not getting a raw deal. She can barely function without Haruki. I'm worth way more than her. I killed Kachada.”
Iris held out her unbloodied hand while the other continued to paint the white tablecloth like Jackson Pollock. Vincent stared at her. He glanced at me. I didn't trust myself to speak. I was a coward. It was Kachada all over again. I was letting Iris go off again by herself to do what I wouldn't. She was right. No. That wasn't true. I could. I had before she had interrupted. 
“Okay,” Vincent said, and began writing with the blood dipped quill. 
“It's my deal,” I said. He stopped writing after two lines. 
“Celeste, it is pleasant novelty to listen to your terrible French, but that is all you have over her. She is much more convincing.”
“It's not forever. That's what matters,” Iris said. Vincent signed his name and handed her the canvas and quill. She read the contract in a glance and signed her name. He took it back from her and looked over the signature. 
“Iris Bellamy, welcome to my service.”
“Not yet, Frenchy. We still have a body to bring back.”

We never could have made it without Iris. We would have triggered some deadly trapped and died. As it was, she led us through the backdoor in the defenses that all designers build just in case they ever need it. Faizel had told her about it one night when he was feeling especially sharing and vulnerable. We needed it. 
There was no way around the flood lights surrounding the house and garage. We could only go through them as fast as possible when they came on. The main discussion before hand had been whether to check the garage first. Vincent thought he might be able to bypass the security system to the dungeon. If Haruki was still down there, it would make everything much easier. Between the two of us, Iris and I managed to convince Vincent that the body had been moved to an unknown location. They would honor his body, so we would need to honor them with our presence to find out where it was buried. 
We crouched on the event horizon. A few more steps and the outside lights would blaze on. Still, I felt so exposed. The moon appeared full in the sky even though I knew this was the first night of waning. My eyes had adjusted enough to make me worried about what a watcher from the house could see. There was only a solitary glowlight on in the kitchen. They all should have been asleep. Should have. 
“Go,” Vincent said. The three of us rushed across the distance as night turned to day. Vincent raced ahead. It surprised me to see Iris pulling away from me. She hadn't been this fast when we played soccer. But that was ages ago. She had grown up. 
Vincent dropped a grenade in front of the French doors and stepped back. I had just enough time to cover my eyes before the explosion shattered the glass and fractured the frame. He had kicked his way inside with Iris following him by the time I arrived. My ears were ringing so I couldn't hear anyone else. Vincent and Iris ducked from cover to cover and I tried to mimic them. Through the kitchen and into the living room. Muzzle flashes appeared like firecrackers. The bullets sounded like shouts from above water. 
“Don't kill him!” Iris said, echoing like a cave. 
“Kill me.” Came the reply. So far away. 
“Watch him. I will find the others.”
“They're not here. I'm alone,” Duncan said, sounding almost like himself. Vincent ignored him and disappeared to search the rest of the house. Iris kept the gun he had given her trained on Duncan. He hadn't given me one. I didn't need it. I had heard the truth in Duncan's voice. 
Minutes later, Vincent returned. My eyes still had not readjusted from the explosive flash when he flipped the overhead light on. In some ways the scene was a relief. In others it was depressing. Duncan was sprawled on the ground, defeated and helpless. His hands were clutched tightly around a machete, one on the hilt and the other on the blade. We could all see it wasn't for offense or defense. The rust dulled the light instead of reflecting it. An empty bottle of expensive Scotch was within arm's reach. The bullets had all missed high. Vincent hadn't expected his enemy to take it lying down. 
“Where are Faizel and Sage?”
“They left.”
“For good?”
“They went to take care of Nisha two days ago. I don't know if they're coming back. I thought you would. Someday. Not so soon. I never did trust your word.”
The news about Nisha neither surprised nor disappointed me. They were killers for sure, yet they had seemed strangely sympathetic to her plight. Or all too familiarly susceptible to her wiles. None of that mattered now. 
“You just can't give it up, can you?” I asked. 
“You don't understand a single thing.”
“I do, Duncan. It helps you remember. I understand that, but in the end, it's just a memory.”
“That's all he is now,” Duncan said. It was meant to hurt me. It didn't because I didn't hold on to a memory. I held on to a feeling. He reached for the Scotch but didn't seem surprised or disappointed to find it empty. He tried to sit up and managed to lean against the brick of the fireplace. 
“What did you do with Haruki's body?” Vincent asked. 
“I buried it.”
“Where?”
“In the ground,” he said. Vincent kicked the bottle out of his hand, grabbed him by the collar, and shook him. It seemed to get his attention. 
“You will take us to where you buried him, or you will wish I had not missed your head.”
“Fuck you. He's my son.”
“It's over, Duncan,” I said. “We already had this discussion. You stopped being his father when you left.”
“And what does that make you?”
“I came back. Just like you knew I would. You couldn't do that then. You can't do it now. You may visit his grave for a while out of guilt. Give it a little bit and you'll wish you didn't have to. Then you'll stop and it will be just like it was before. You've screwed up every chance to do right by him. This is the last one. Do it here and none of the rest will matter.” 
 It wasn't true. It would always matter. Iris knew that. It took more time to fix wrongs than it took to do them. It started with a one though. A moment. A choice. An action. You may never finish, but without starting, there could be only one outcome. 
“Okay, Celeste.”
Thank you, I didn't say. 
Duncan had given us the name of a graveyard. Iris had found it on the GPS. 26 miles away. Almost a marathon. If he was telling the truth. No one suggested leaving him behind. There wasn't another car on the back roads at this witching hour. We drove as fast as the car could handle. 
He stared out the window at the barely visible, vaguely menacing shadows of the passing darkness. Vincent had given him a partly filled bottle of the same Scotch. He was easier to deal with drunk as long as he didn't pass out. I was in the back with him, Iris driving, and Vincent riding shotgun. 
“When I first joined the marines, I used to hang out with the most fearless guys. I thought they were the bravest and and I wanted to be just like them. The motherfuckers that ditched their body armor to give themselves more mobility. The ones that didn't carry a picture or letter from their wives or mother. When I came back, I realized they weren't the bravest. They weren't brave at all. They just didn't know any better. The bravest, the ones with the most courage were the bastards scared shitless. They were scared out of their minds, but they went anyway. They overcame.”
Duncan took another swig of the bottle. It went down as smooth as water. I really hoped he didn't puke on me. 
“But compared to everyone else, soldiers aren't really that brave. There are things worse than death. I remember the night Miyako told me she was pregnant. I was drinking at her father's bar as usual. She avoided me the entire night. It didn't bother me. I figured she was on her period or playing some little girl game. I left and she ran up to me in the alley. She didn't hug me. She just stood in front of me and told me plain as if she was letting me know it was raining. I was scared for myself. That was my first thought. Would her father kill me? Then I was afraid for her. Would he kill her? Then finally, after it all, I thought of the baby. Of Haruki. Of us. Of it all. I wonder now... would it all have been better if we had put an end to it? If I had given in to the fear and not tried to fight it as Miyako insisted we do.”
Where would we all I be? I asked myself. Haruki would never have been alive. Miyako would never have left Japan. Iris would still be at Evergreen. Vincent in France. Me as lonely as ever. And Duncan? 
“Where would you be?” I asked him. He raised the bottle to his lips but stopped short of drinking. 
“Not here. I never would have made it here. Losing everything and having to go on. That's true courage. Miyako had it. I don't. I never would have survived without her. I never told her that.”
“It's not too late.”
“Yes, it is,” he said, nodding ahead. Iris stopped on the side of the road. The graveyard spread out in front of us before disappearing into the night. We got out of the car and headed toward our destination. Iris carried the grave robbing tools. Duncan led the way, surprisingly purposeful and expectantly slow. 
The grave was fresh. The outline of the cutout grass was visible. The headstone was clean and simple. No name. Just initials. HW. And under it: his mother's light in the darkness. No date of birth. No date of death. I wanted to cry. It shouldn't be like this. 
Iris started digging. Vincent replaced the bottle in Duncan's hand with a shovel. I couldn't watch. The sound of dirt being moved was bad enough. I sat down and looked up at the too large waning moon. It was still almost two weeks until the moon went dark. Two more weeks of wondering, of agonizing, of fearing that Haruki wouldn't be coming back. That I had really killed him. Forever. Duncan was right. There were things worse than death. 
Metal on wood snagged my attention. I turned around to the grave. Iris was inside a hole deeper than she was tall. Duncan sat on the edge staring down. His hangover had started already. Vincent was watching the ever lightening horizon. Dawn was coming. 
“Celeste, can I cut him out?” Iris asked. She might accidentally cut him she was saying. The sun would heal him, or it wouldn't matter. 
“Yes,” I said. Vincent tossed her the ax. Iris chopped down on the edges, breaking the latches holding the coffin lid shut. She inserted a hook into the broken cover. Vincent pulled her out. Together they pulled on the hook and rope, yanking the broken cover back to reveal the body inside. 
Haruki. 
It was almost overwhelming. He wasn't wearing his own clothes. Duncan had acquired a loose fitting tuxedo from somewhere. It looked all wrong. It reminded me too much of the first time I had seen Haruki in a coffin. The first time I had met Duncan. 
“Get in there and help her,” Vincent said to Duncan. Together they managed to manhandle the body out. I turned away. I thought I might puke. I took a deep breath. Grass. Dirt. Sweat. Morning glory. No death. Haruki's body didn't smell like a decomposing body. He hadn't the first time either, but I had attributed that to the funeral home and it's magic. 
“I'll watch him until you get to the car,” Iris said. She had climbed out. Duncan was sitting down in the coffin where Haruki had been. She tossed him the confiscated bottle of Scotch. This is how we would leave him: drunk and alone in his son's broken coffin. 
Vincent carried Haruki's body on his shoulder. We hurried to the car with dawn in full swing and sunrise threatening over the hill. Iris joined us as Vincent finished loading the body into the trunk. I had wanted to put Haruki with me in the backseat. I was overruled for logical, practical, and all good reasons. 
We drove west. When we had crossed the border into a new state, Iris rented a second vehicle. On a dirt road in the middle of nowhere, they transferred the body from one trunk to the other. This was where we would part. Where we would go our separate ways. Iris with Vincent to pay off my debt. Me with Haruki to my new life. 
“Mademoiselle, until we meet again. Au revoir.”
Hopefully never, I didn't say. Vincent raised my hand to his lips and kissed it as he had done when he first met me. As it began, it also ended. He was kind enough to wait in the car, giving Iris and me a final moment alone. 
“So this is it,” I said. 
“For now,” she replied. 
“Thank you,” I said, knowing how inadequate it sounded. “I'm sorry.”
“Thanking me and apologizing at the same time. You sound just like me. It sucks that things weren't different. If I knew what I do now, I wouldn't have done the same thing back then. That's what mistakes are for. They hurt, but they are lessons to learn so we know how to do it right the next time.”
“You're going to be alright.”
“I'm not worried about me.” 
“I'm going to be alright.”
“Promise,” Iris commanded. I wanted to parrot it back to her. I couldn't. How could you promise that you were going to be alright?
“I promise to be around when you're done with Vincent.”
“Good enough.”
“I'm gonna miss you.”
“Not as much as I'm gonna to miss you,” she said. She hugged me, and I knew she was right. We held for beats longer than was normal. It was still less than we both needed. Vincent was no joke. Magnus hadn't been able to fulfill his contract. Neither had Haruki. Three years was a long time. There was a good chance Iris wouldn't either. 
She wiped a tear from my cheek. I kissed her on the forehead and tasted the salt of her sweat and the dirt of the grave. She smiled one last goodbye and got in the car with Vincent. They drove slowly down the country road and rounded the bend and I watched Iris leave for the last time. 

Spring II

There were three places I could have gone after parting with Iris and Vincent. It was probably only going to be for a couple weeks. Once the moon went dark and Haruki came back, we would talk it over and decide where to go from there – geographically and philosophically. 
The first option was Olympia. It was the obvious choice. I had spent the most of my last three years there. I had friends there. Or almost friends. Acquaintances. Ex-classmates. Uʻilani. People who knew my name. Various former landlords. Pari. 
I knew Olympia better than any other city. That was also the problem. When we had left there, we had meant to leave it all behind. To go back there, even for only two weeks, felt like a step backwards. A dangerous step backwards. 
The second option was anywhere else. It would be the opposite of Olympia. A place where no one knew Haruki or me. No friends. Just strangers. Anonymous. Unfamiliar streets and weather. It would be a shelter from the storm. Nothing more. No attachments. No relationships. We would be fugitives without warrants. 
Too much so. Convicts on the run. Escapees evading detection. Cautious. Fearful. Paranoid. There would be no normal things. There would be nothing to judge events by. Everything would seem like a threat. Or I wouldn't notice the threat when they came until it was too late. It would be two weeks and it would feel like ages, I might not make it through it alive or sane. 
The third option was to split the two. Familiar but different. A place I knew but where no one knew me. At least not anymore. It would be a good hideaway. A place to lay low for a short time. It would be good to see it one last time before I said goodbye to it all. Like I had Olympia. 
That was all the stuff I told myself. In reality, I just needed to feel safe. I just needed to be alone with Haruki. I didn't want to talk or explain anything that had happened. I didn't want to make up stories or excuses. I didn't want to be. But I had to. I had promised Iris, and Haruki was waiting for me.
 
Portland rose over the horizon. It reminded me of the drive into Olympia. There was that certain point, the I-5 split just like in Olympia, where the city suddenly spread out before you. This was west though, into the setting sun. I drove across the river and continued past the suburbs, past my old school and house. Out in the country, on the edge of Portland's influence, there was another college town, not at all like mine. 
I had made one call to my grandmother Selene. Her Alzheimer’s had worsened since I last saw her the day before my parents died, over two years ago now. She probably wouldn't even remember I called, which was a good thing. Her house was for sale and everything was still there. Not much room in the retirement home for your home. Selene told me where to find the hidden house key in the garage. Great, except the only way into the garage was through the doggie door. It might have been possible when I was a freshman. In high school. I did manage to reach up and unlock it. It surprised me that no one else had done the same. 
The property had a hedge in the front that blocked most curious onlookers. There was a tennis court behind it, gone black from lack of use and cleaning. The holly orchard in the back had been donated to the city a few years back. They hadn't noticed. The next door neighbor was off on vacation somewhere. 
I could have left Haruki in the trunk until the moon went dark. It would have been easier. It took a ridiculously long time to get him out and into the house. Eventually, I had to stop thinking about him as Haruki or a person and instead just drag him along like a bag of potatoes. A really heavy beautiful bag of potatoes. 
It didn't seem right to use the downstairs master bedroom. Also, there was no way I was going to haul him upstairs. There was an antique recliner in the rarely used formal living room. It was almost easier getting him out of the car trunk than it was laying him neatly across the sofa. He was still dirty from where they had pulled him out of the open grave. It didn't seem appropriate in any way to take his clothes off. With that, I left him there. The living room was at the back of the house. I wouldn't have to see him if I didn't want to, but he was close enough that I could. 
The weather was nice, so I stayed inside. I had quickly stopped by the grocery store on the way. Frozen burritos. Pasta. Bread. Carbs. The fridge wouldn't be completely bare. The last thing I needed was for the neighbors to get suspicious, the cops to show up, or an old classmate to recognize me. It was just a couple weeks and then we would be out of here and on to some place where they had never heard the term Luna. 
That was my plan at least. My dream. My delusion. Only time would time if the entire thought was off base. Were there places in the world that hadn't heard of Lunas or vampires or some myth close enough to it? Because the first half of it, the hope that no one would come to the house, was wrong. 
I was sitting in the front room where the TV was. The house had no cable, let alone Internet, so I was stuck finding something to distract me on the old rabbit ears and digital converter box. There were two choices: soap opera or real life courtroom drama. I would have been better off reading if the house had any books less than hundred years old. 
The knock on the sliding glass door cut through me like nails on a chalkboard or a razor through paper. The curtains were drawn, so we couldn't see each other. I flipped the TV off, realizing a moment too late that turning it off only confirmed that I was indeed inside. Running wasn't an option with Haruki in the next room. I was going to have to bluff. 
I pulled back the curtains and my poker face broke. It was one of the reasons I didn't gamble. My emotions surged to the surface, a geyser bursting with revelations. Mostly, except for the fact that she knew what I was going to feel before I even felt it. Nisha half smiled, not in wickedness, but in sadness and satisfaction. It encompassed everything we were both feeling. 
I flipped the latch on the door and opened it. She could come in, but I wasn't going to invite her. We would talk, and I would find out what she wanted, and she would leave. Nisha came in and slid the door shut behind her. I walked around to the kitchen and poured a couple glasses of water from the tap. 
“What were you watching?”
“Water?” I offered, pushing the glass near an open bottle of wine on the counter. There was an insult in the action somewhere. 
“Thanks,” she said, taking a sip. “The water tastes better in the Pacific Northwest.”
“It's water. It doesn't taste like anything.”
“Are you still numb from what you did or were you just expecting me?”
“Does it look like I want to talk to you, Nisha?”
“Murder does have a peculiar effect on people.”
“You would know.”
“So would you,” she said, draining the rest of the water. She was right and that was a point I didn't want to discuss. “Aren't you a bit curious how I found you?”
“You're here now. What does it matter?” I replied. She was here because I had been too afraid to risk the unknown alone. She was going tell me all about it whether I wanted to hear or not.
Nisha grabbed the bottle of wine and plopped down in the chair I had been sitting in. She checked the label to make sure it was red and drinkable at room temperature. She tasted it and gave her approval by knocking it back a second time.  
“They wouldn't have killed you. Obviously. They wouldn't even do it after you killed Haruki. After they had a damn good reason to. They wouldn't even kill me. Even knowing what I am. I think the woman wanted to. She might have been able to convince the Arab if she had more time. I didn't give them more time obviously.”
“Did you kill them?”
“I know you think I'm a killer, Celeste, but I'm not.”
“You're a destroyer. Like Pandora or Kali.”
“I'm not a goddess, and you're the only killer here.”
“What did you do to them then?” I asked. 
“Nothing. They did it to themselves. And while they were busy yelling and fighting, I left them. I went back to the compound. Duncan was there. Wasted out of his mind. He probably thought I was a figment of his imagination. His guilt. He told me you, Iris, and some frog took Haruki's body.”
“They just went to town for supplies, so you better get to the point if you want to leave before they get back. They're both better killers than me.”
“Nice try, Celeste. But they're not coming. They're not here. You're here alone. I never would have found you if you weren't. I went to Olympia first, but you have nothing left there. I tried Oak Harbor, but that was only Haruki's place, not yours. That left Portland. You have family here. If there was one place you might think of as home, this would be it. Selene asked me to give you a kiss for her.”
I chucked my water glass sidearm at her. Nisha wasn't ready for it. She raised her arms to protect her face. The wine bottle got in the way. The pair of glasses collided and shattered, spraying Nisha with glass and red wine. I hadn't meant to antagonize her, but the mention of Gram had pulled the trigger for me. 
“Get out,” I ordered. Nisha held up her arm dripping in red. It was hard to tell if it was wine or blood or both. 
“Where you think I will go first if I do?”
Selene. Gram. I grabbed the other water glass, the one she had left when she took the wine. The chances of me hitting her again were low, but I was willing to try. 
“If you throw that, I'll make you regret it,” Nisha said. The tone of her voice stopped me. There was the tiniest hint of fear. She was an animal feeling the bars closing in. I wanted her to leave, not feel like a caged animal that needed to defend its territory. I set the glass down. 
“You threaten Selene again, and I will make you regret it.”
“Fair enough. I only came here for one thing, Celeste. I'll get it and leave you alone.”
“What?”
“I want to say good bye to Haruki.”
“He's dead,” I said, my voice catching as I tried to read her face for clues to what she really meant. 
“I want to visit his grave.”
Was this some kind of game she was playing? Did she know he was lying across a sofa two rooms back? Was she toying with me, teasing me like a mouse? 
“Okay.”
“But first, I'm going to take a shower and stop this bleeding. You got any shirts I can wear?” Nisha asked, holding her arm out so the wine and blood dripped on the floor instead of her. 
Luckily, I had checked the entire house out my first day. There was a shower and medicine cabinet in the master bedroom. It also wouldn't put her anywhere near Haruki while I figured out what to do. In the bathroom, she took off her shirt gently. Her black bra held breasts that came as close to goddess as this world allowed. She asked me if I wanted to play nurse. When I demurred, she tossed me her shirt and told me to see if I could get the stains out. She reached around her back and fumbled to unhook her bra with one hand. I flushed, did it for her, and left before she saw my face. 
I tossed the shirt and some soap in the laundry room sink. It was the least of my concerns. I had two options: run or hide. If I was alone, I would have run. But with Haruki, escape wasn't really an option. Even if I could get his body into the car before she exited the shower, she probably had the driveway blocked with her car. I could have tried hiding him in a closet, but the noise and time it had taken me to originally get him inside was just asking to be caught. Then I remembered the third floor of Duncan's mansion. The furniture had been covered with sheets because it was never used. I could use what Nisha knew about this place against her. 
I went back into the main room to wait for her. I needed to figure out where I was going to tell her Haruki was. If she knew he was coming back, then she was doing a damn fine job of hiding the knowledge. Knowing what I did about her, I doubted she would play it that way. So that meant I had to invent a place for Haruki to be buried. Without a gravestone to boot. That was the hard part. Cremation took care of that. 
“Don't you have some clothes I can wear?” Nisha asked. She stood in the doorway to the kitchen, a towel wrapped around her body and another around her hair. She didn't look so gorgeous like this. 
“Yeah. Sure,” I said. I had forgot what washing her shirt had meant in my rush to hide Haruki. I dashed up stairs and grabbed the first t-shirt I could find. The nearest sweatshirt was UW purple and gold that I had borrowed from Haruki and never given back. I took that a sign. She didn't need more than a shirt. At the bottom of the stairs, I handed it to her and tried not to glance to the living room covered with sheets behind her. “Wait. Don't you have any extra clothes?”
“It's a shirt, Celeste. Not your soul. Don't worry about it,” she said. So of course I did. It meant something. I just wasn't sure what yet. 
We weren't the same size, or Nisha just knew how to wear it. She held her chest out, her breasts pressed against the fabric as it melded to the contours of her body. I should have given her the sweatshirt. It may have made her look more usual. Like she had in the towel. 
She drove since she had blocked the driveway off with rental Benz. I told her to drive east, back toward the area I had called home for years. We went further and exited into downtown Portland. I told her to park near the waterfront.  
“Where the hell are we going?”
“I spread his ashes from one of the bridges.”
“You told them to bury his body not burn it.”
“Because I didn't want to lose him. Like you, I wanted something to say goodbye to. I needed his body so I could cremate it. He wanted his ashes–”
“Why here?”
“This was the first place he told me he loved me. I thought it was appropriate,” I said. The lie came easy enough. Maybe too easy. 
“When did you do it?”
“A couple days ago.”
“I mean what time of day.”
“Night.” The memory of Haruki telling me he loved me in the woods of the Brothers came back. 
“Did anyone see you?”
“No. Did I need witnesses?”
“It's illegal, you know? To dump ashes off a bridge,” she said. I shrugged. “Show me the spot.”
It was noon now. Nothing like the time I had supposedly done the deed. The Hawthorne Bridge was busy. Cars, people, and bikes made their way around us. I walked to a spot about half way across and stopped. It seemed as good a place as any to have said my imaginary goodbyes to Haruki. 
“Here?” Nisha asked. It was a trick question. If I had done what I said I had, I would never have forgotten the exact place. If I hadn't, I would doubt and reveal myself. I said nothing. 
“You're lying, Celeste.” She held up her hand in the air. It was a nice spring day, a little windy, but at least the sun was out. Haruki would have liked it. I remained quiet. 
“You didn't release his ashes on this side of the bridge. The wind is blowing north. It would have blown the ashes onto the bridge, not out into the water. So why don't you take me to where he's buried before I throw you off this bridge?”
It wasn't the suicide bridge. I would probably survive the fall and Nisha would just be waiting for me when I got out. I did have an ace in the hole. It was a piece of trivia I had been holding on to since high school. Maybe it would work. Maybe it would convince her that Haruki was buried somewhere he wasn't. 
I told her to take Burnside west, up the hill. At the top was a cemetery. We had passed by the other side on our way to the first false location. Terry had lived about a mile away while we were dating. One Saturday night when we were bored and his parents were home, he had dared me and dared me until I agreed to sneek into the graveyard at night. It didn't take much sneeking considering there was no fence. We had just walked in and wandered around. Everything was fine, by graveyard at midnight standards, until we came to a section of marked but unnamed graves. 
I took her there and found a grave that looked newer. At least it hadn't been there the first time I had. The ace in the hole didn't seem so solid standing here. 
“It doesn't look very fresh,” she said. 
“They're professionals.”
“What's with the blank tombstones?”
They don't give them names, Terry had told me. They think the soul can't leave if you put a person's name on it. Pretty stupid, huh?
I had hit him and he started laughing, I couldn't tell if he had been serious or not. We had walked on and I had forgotten about them, until now. They were Native American. I knew that much. There was probably a great story, but I didn't know it. 
“It allows the soul to move on and not be trapped here.”
“That some Japanese shit?”
“African. Like voodoo,” I said. The Japanese honor their ancestors. Even I knew that. She did, too. 
“Why did you choose this place?”
“My grandfather was buried here. They don't just let anyone in.”
“What about your parents?” Nisha asked. I shook my head. She wasn't getting that. “Why did you kill him?” 
“I thought I set you free, you know? Back in the dungeon, I thought I set you free by killing Haruki. You didn't have to stay anymore. You didn't have to chase after him. You didn't have to try and find out whatever it was you were looking for. You could move on.”
“You were wrong,” she said. “But that's beside the point. You didn't kill him for me anyway.”
“No. I didn't. I killed him because he asked me to.”
“Why would he do that?”
“When you love someone, you don't ask why,” I said. Somehow I knew that would shut her up. It would give her what she wanted, but it would shut her up. 
“Let's go,” Nisha said. “This place is depressing.”
We got back on Burnside and Nisha began taking me back to the house. As we passed Miller, I looked down it. It had been a couple years since I was on it. How many times had Terry driven us down to the coffee shop? It was better than the Starbucks with all the spoiled obnoxious kids within walking distance of his house. We felt grown up to – 
“My ex-boyfriend used to live down that way,” I said, for no reason. 
“Lets see if he's home.”
“He moved away.”
“So did you. And you came back.”

They began talking on the front step. I couldn't hear anything from the inside of the car. Terry's mom appeared mystified then curious then helpful. They huddled together before Nisha left with a little wave over her shoulder. 
“Good news,” she said, as she climbed inside. I waited until we were back on the road before asking. 
“What did you do?”
“Your ex is back in town, just like you. I gave his mom your new number. She seemed to think that Terry would be eager to see you. What a dumb name. Please tell me it's short for something.”
“You're a bitch, you know?”
“Whatever. You wouldn't have said anything if you hadn't wanted me to do that. Just because you want a little rebound sex with the ex doesn't make you a slut. No one would judge you. Haruki was great at many things, but being a lover was not one of them.”
“How would you know?” I said, too late to take it back. 
“Don't forget that I had him first. And you've had him...” Never. It hurt more that she left it unsaid. 
“I meant you don't know what he's like.”
“It's not quantity that matters, Celeste. It's the quality. I make my moments count.”
“You had your moment with Haruki years ago. Why do you keep trying to prolong it?”
I don't know what I expected her to say to that. A rebuttal? Another question? A one liner? Whatever I expected, she didn't do it. She said nothing and nothing for the rest of the trip. 
Nisha stopped the car in the same spot in the driveway she had the first time. I could have gotten out and gone inside. She might even have left. It wouldn't have mattered. It still would have felt unfinished. If there was one thing I knew about Nisha, it was that I didn't want to leave anything unfinished. She was relentless, obsessive even, when she put her mind to something. So I sat in the car and waited for her to finish it. 
She didn't. 
“Why are you staying here, Celeste?”
“You already know. It's the closest thing I have to home.”
“I mean this house. You have friends and family in Portland and Beaverton and you're staying out here on the edge of nowhere. Besides your grandmother, no one knows you're back in town. It's almost like you're hiding.”
“Maybe I am.”
“You're hiding something.”
“It's not like any of them could understand, and I couldn't explain it to them anyway.”
“So when are you planning to leave?”
“When are you?”
“After your ex's house, you started talking about Haruki in the present tense. Like he wasn't dead and gone.”
“Grieving people do that sometimes.”
“You're not grieving.”
“That's another thing you wouldn't know anything about, Nisha,” I said. I got out of the car and went into the house. I didn't care anymore if I left it unfinished. In a week, Haruki would wake up and we would leave. Try as she might, she would never find us after that. 
I sat down in front of the TV and pushed the power, not caring what was on. The engine wasn't audible in the driveway. I wanted so badly to see if she was still there. I resisted for a moment, then gave in. The car was still there, but she wasn't. She was in the living room, grabbing the remote, and turning the TV off. 
“I know about manipulation, and you're trying to manipulate me. You're lying to me just like you lied to them,” Nisha said. 
“Does it matter? It doesn't change anything. I'm just a selfish cunt, right?”
“I was wrong. You're not.”
“What more do you want from me? What else can I give you?”
“The truth.”
“You haven't given me that.”
We stared at each other. Nisha opened her mouth to say something smart and closed it after deciding against it. We were at an impasse. A canyon that could be bridged if one of us started building it. 
“Haruki was different,” Nisha said. “I didn't know that then, back when I seduced him off that beach. I didn't know it until he found me down in Florida last year. I didn't have a chance to appreciate it until I thought about it. Until I thought about him and about all the other Luna that had tried to find me over the years. They had all been the same. They had all tried to find me for the same reason. In some ways Haruki had too, but in the most important way he was different. I didn't go to Olympia to steal him from you. I went to find out what made him different. I went because I wanted some of what he had.”
“Why did you keep following us when it was obvious we were running from you?”
“If you know one thing about me, you know I get what I want.”
“You didn't get him.”
“But I have you, and maybe that will be enough.”
I realized it then, but I should have realized it when I first met her in Olympia. She was just like me. Just like Haruki. She just wanted to know why. I had pursued Haruki until I found out. He had tracked Nisha until he had found her. Now she was going to hound me until she understood. We had come full circle. 
The scary part, or sad- tragic-ironic, was that in some weird way, Nisha was the only one left who could truly understand us. Giselle had been able to, obviously, but she was gone. Iris was on her way to understanding before she left too. Pari had never been able to. Someday Uʻilani might have. Duncan had refused. 
Yet here stood Nisha, seemingly our enemy, begging for insight into the human condition, into why we did what we did, into why we were the way we were. The scarier part was that I believed her. I believed that she was more scared of not knowing than I was of telling her. 
“Okay, Nisha. I believe you need to know. I'm not sure you deserve to know.”
“What do you want me to do? Persuade you?”
“Convince me you're not all the evil things I think you are.”
“That may take a while.”
“Probably. It doesn't sound like either of us is going anywhere soon.”
“Where should I start?”
“The beginning,” I said. She did. 

I wasn't always like this, but I have looked like this for ages. I was a little girl once, too. I was young and innocent, a dreamer and a fool. I grew up in the age of plenty. When that was gone, I sold my soul to get part of it back. You would have done the same. 
I was born before The War. That's what everyone called it at first. Just The War. Later it would become the Great War and even later, World War I. India was a still a British colony. It didn't affect us, at least not at first. My father was a chef for this minor English government official. Back in Europe his colleagues were being killed or being promoted while he kept the tea flowing to the Queen. After the war, they made him an ambassador for all his hard work. 
He became the Ambassador in Paris. That is how I will always remember him. He would throw glitzy parties every other weekend. I would watch from the second floor balcony, hidden from sight. The guests were always dressed in the latest Paris fashion, which is to say, the latest fashion. They were writers and artists, businessmen and rogues, nobility and bourgeoisie. And slipping between them, offering exotic delicacies and cosmopolitan drinks, dressed in traditional Indian grab, were my parents. 
I sat up there and I saw my life before me. I watched my parents grow old and tired, and it was depressing. I watched the twenties roar and it was magical. After years of observing, I was finally old enough to come downstairs. I had thought about it long enough to know that there was a choice. Two choices. A branching path. 
I could pick up a tray like my mother or a knife like my father and do what everyone believed I was born to do. I could accept the station I was born into and make my parents proud that risking a second child had been worth it. 
Or I could slip on a dress worn by an actress at the last party and make her jealous that she wasn't sixteen and beautiful like me. I could make myself everything I wanted to be and defy the world that told me differently. 
When you think about it that way, it wasn't really a choice. It wasn't a question of what I wanted. The only question was whether I had the courage to face the fear – my parents, society, failure, perception, the unknown. I didn't just face it. I confront it all, and I conquered. I made them all believe I was meant for it. Born ready. Destined. It was perfect. 
And like all perfect things, it couldn't last forever. 
The market crashed; Hitler rose; and the Ambassador found himself on the wrong side of history. 
With the market gone, the parties done and the conservative tone, the Ambassador found himself alone. What made him successful just a few years before, now just made him a pariah. He lost his position. I saw him fall. I saw him let the world dictate what he could do. What he could be. 
I wasn't going to be like him. I wasn't going to give up. I wasn't going to let it go back to the way it was. I had already beat the world once. I would do it again. This time it would be harder. I would have to do it in India for the Ambassador fired my parents. He asked me to go back to England with him. Then he begged me. If I had truly been cruel I would have gone. Of course, if I had, our future would have been completely different – mine and yours. 
I went back with my parents to India because they were still my parents. I thought I could still have it all. I thought I could be what I had become and their faithful loving daughter. I wanted to be. I tried to be. I tried harder than I have ever tried to do anything in my life. I failed. It was impossible. Sometimes two things are incompatible. Sometimes no matter how much you want something or how hard you work for it, you can't make it happen.  
For almost two years I fought to hold on to the life I had. It could have been worse, but as the years continued to pass, it would become harder and harder to simply stay even. I had only two advantages. My beauty and my ambition. The first was worth nothing without the second, and the second accomplished nothing without the first. Every year I would grow older, and every year I would lose ground on maintaining my life. 
The Shaman found me. I was working in a private club for foreigners. Six days a week, I would put on my old outfits, get on stage, and sing jazz for the imperialists. I knew the songs from Paris, but that didn't make me a good singer. I was young and exotic. That was why they came to see me. That was why he came to see me. 
He wasn't Indian, at least not this time. He didn't look it, and I'm not saying that he was, but he felt Tibetan or Nepalese. I have been around Buddhist monks in deep meditation, and they feel a certain way. Their essence. He felt like that even as he was flirting with me. It was unnerving and alluring but still resistible.  
It has to be a choice. That is the key to all ritual, to all sacrifice, to all transformation. He was shaping my thinking. That is undeniable. But in the end, it was my choice. He played the long con perfectly. He asked questions and listened attentively, offered advice and dropped hints. Once he knew what my answer would be, he told me he could give me what I wanted most. 
“For what?” I asked. Don't think those weren't my first words. They were. Don't think that he lied to me. He didn't. 
He was a shaman, like I said, a man who made deals with the other side. That is not easy. That is not simple. That is not free. But sometimes, it is worth it for what you want most in the world. 
It was for me.  
Don't think that I accepted instantly. I was neither that foolish nor that desperate. I contemplated it. I analyzed it. I discussed it. I didn't know exactly what I was getting into, but I knew what I was getting out of. Without him, my life would have faded until my dreams were nothing but ashes. Or worse, I would have become just like my mother. 
The ritual was appropriately atmospheric. We left Bombay at sunset on the equinox. We rode a pair of mules until just before dawn. I asked the Shaman why he couldn't have got a car, or horse at least. He said the mules were essential. The ritual had already started. He led me to a secluded section of the Ganges. For a moment, I hesitated, the Hindu in me grasping its last breath. He brought out two statues, one knife, and led me to the water. 
“Do not drop it,” he said, handing me my statue. It was obviously some goddess. She reminded me of a painting I had seen of Aphrodite in Le Louvre. I recognized his easily. Vishnu. He began speaking in a language I didn't understand. I watched the horizon brighten, the sun approaching. As it crested the earth, he cut my arm that held the statue. I barely hung on, the blood pouring out of my forearm down onto the statue. Before I could think to scream in pain, he held out his own arm and statue. I cut him in the way he had me and watched the blood flow over his statue before dripping into the river. The water and blood mixed turning a dirty crimson. The pain reached me, the throbbing growing. I wanted to grab it and stop it. 
Instead, I followed him as, nearly in unison, we plunged the bloody statues and our arms deep into the holy river. When we pulled them out, they were healed, without even a scar to show for it all. And we were transformed – the shaman into what he had been for a long time and me into what I am today. 
We sacrificed with our own blood to forces beyond this world. The blood was not payment. It was a promise. I would get what I wanted, but it would cost me something, and it would continue costing me as long as I wanted it. 
I was the Shaman's offering. I was what he needed to give to get what he wanted. I never asked him what that was. He kept his statue, the lord of chaos, if that is any clue. It doesn't matter. It was what he wanted, just like me. It was enough to give up everything else. 
I never saw him again after we went our separate ways, he upriver, me down. 

Nisha finished. At first, I thought it was just a pause. The tale was only half over. Maybe she needed some water. It was a long story. But the silence dragged for minutes. She was thinking of something, perhaps remembering the years afterward, but she wasn't telling me. Not yet at least. 
They wouldn't help her argument. She may have been a little girl and confused once. She may have been just like me: desperate and failing. We may have just wanted one thing in all the world. The difference was in what she had done or what she had become, a destroyer of young lives. How she had embraced it. 
If she had been born thirty years later, it would have been Hollywood movies. It she had been born in my generation, it would have been reality TV. It was in her nature to yearn for glamor, for the unobtainable. Except she got it – everything she dreamed. Of course there had been a cost. I already knew what it was, or at least part of it. I wanted to hear it from her lips. I needed to hear it from her lips. 
“So you said some words, bleed on a statue, and all of sudden you're immortal?”
“You know I'm not immortal. Duncan and I talked about Theron.”
“Did you know him?”
“Personally? No. I knew about him. I wasn't the only one the Shaman transformed. I was the only one that year, perhaps that decade. Like me, he would need to keep doing what he did to me to keep what he had. We are all part of the same world, of the same system. It may seem like we have escaped it or cheated it, but we haven't.”
“So if not immortality, what? Forever young? Forever beautiful?”
“Aren't they the same thing? But it won't be forever.”
“Was it worth it?”
“Sometimes,” Nisha replied. “Sometimes not.”
“Do you blame him?”
“Who?”
“Any of them.”
“My father for trying to give his family a better life? The Ambassador for trying to do his job? The Shaman for wanting to keep what he had? No. What's to blame?”
“So you don't regret it?”
“My life or my choices? They are one and the same. I have been what I am for a long time, for far longer than I was anything else.”
“So you just are what you are. You never doubted yourself? You never questioned what you had to do? You never said to yourself: this is wrong. I shouldn't seduce these young boys and fuck up their future? You never tried to fix it?”
“You want me to lie to you, Celeste? You want me to say I'm an abomination? That I hate every minute of my being? That I want to go back to the way it was before I met the Shaman? You know that's not true. I chose this. I wanted it. Not all of it but enough. Trade-offs. Would you want to go back to before you met Haruki?”
“That's not the same,” I said.
“You think it isn't? He would still be alive. You would still be back in school or with Terry or looking for a job and house in suburbia with kids and all those things you gave up when you met Haruki. You wouldn't be here with me, grieving and wishing. Life would be less than you hoped, less than you wanted, but it would still be life. Tell me that's not the same.”
“It's–”
My phone rang loudly, shattering the tension like a glass breaking on the floor. I looked at it. Local area code. Any number of people it could be, only one person it was. I let it ring again. 
“Answer it.”
“Why?”
“Because you know I'm right, and he will prove it.”
It rang again. I had known this call would come from the moment I opened my big mouth. What was I scared of?
“Hello,” I said, answering it. Nisha had a sly smile on her face. 
“Celeste,” he said, paused, waited for the confirmation I gave with my silence. “It's Terry.”
Of course it was because Nisha had given his mother my number and I had subliminally wanted her to do that. 
“Hey.”
“So you're back in town.”
“Yeah.”
“Ask him out,” Nisha said. 
“No.”
“What?” Terry said. 
“Nothing. I was just telling my, ah, companion to shut up because she was being annoying.”
“Oh,” he said, in surprise and disappointment and yearning. “You're probably busy then.”
“Yeah. I can't really meet up right now,” I said, volunteering before he had even asked. 
“Yeah. I can't right now anyway. I was thinking like maybe this weekend.”
“She's free,” Nisha yelled into the phone. I slapped her away, but the damage was done. 
“Was that your friend?” Terry asked. 
“Not exactly,” I replied. 
“But it's great that you're free. Saturday or Sunday?”
“Sunday,” I said. The further away the better. We hung up after short goodbyes. Nisha was back to gloating again. What happened to the bonding of a free minutes previous?
“So you got a date.”
“It's not a date.”
“Not exactly, right?”

Nisha slept in the other upstairs bedroom. I had tried to get her to take the master bedroom downstairs. She refused because it was the master bedroom, and she was just a guest. Or so she said. So we were both upstairs. I had never thought it would matter, so I had chosen the room with the more comfy bed. It was in the back. I had to walk by Nisha with her open door every time I wanted to go downstairs. Any thought I might have had about escaping while she was asleep faded the first night. On my way to the bathroom, I glanced into her room. She was lying on her side, staring at me with wide open eyes. 
Acceptance made everything easier. I accepted that she was going to be here until Haruki woke up. I accepted that it was futile to keep doing what I had been doing. I accepted that she believed she wasn't completely evil. That meant one of two outcomes. She was going to convince me she was right, or I was going to convince her she was wrong. We had a week to decide the issue before Haruki woke up.  
Nisha had more money than me, or she was more generous with it. All I had was what Iris had given me. Haruki and I would need all of it and more to start our new life. Nisha took me out to eat, to shows, to all my old hangouts. She paid for it all and tipped like an ex-waitress. Even considering what I had been through in the last two years, they were some of the weirdest days of my life. 
People must have wondered about us. We weren't laughing enough to seem like friends, We weren't intimate enough to seem like lovers. We weren't formal enough to seem like business partners. The closest thing must have been like a hooker and john. There was that artificiality, that pretense, that anticipation and expectation of the payoff later on. In-laws was the other option. 
Friday night, the Friday before I saw Terry again, Nisha dragged me down to Tigard. The Ballroom Dance Company had an open dance. Fusion it was called. Basically anything was allowed. Nisha got us in for free since it was our first time although I got the feeling that she would have got in free anytime. 
The dance floor was high quality hardwood. Mirrors covered two walls making it seem infinite, or at least bigger than it was. Old school jazz played over the loud speakers, the kind Nisha would have listened to back in Paris eighty years ago when she was still young. It was the same kind the millennials were listening to tonight as they danced swing and salsa, tango and blues. The lights were dim, the soft glow making everyone look more beautiful, making everyone feel more intimate. Couples spun or rocked, some to the music, others to their own beat, many talking above the noise and a few communicating with their bodies, all acting like tonight was all that mattered, for like all the best things – soccer, kissing, learning – it was. 
Nisha scanned the crowd looking at everything, looking for something. 
“Who are you looking for?”  
“Nothing. Sorry,” she said, meaning it. The jazz ended and was replaced by blues that sounded like it was recorded in a cotton field. “Lets dance.”
Nisha took my hand and led me out onto the dance floor of breaking and reconfiguring couples. She took my left hand and rested her own on my shoulder, forcing me to take the lead. I wrapped my hand around to her bare back. Earlier in the day, we had gone shopping for a little black dress. Nisha had decided to go full on feminine with an obsidian black strapless mini that hugged her curves and stopped way short of her knees. It was a nightclub dress for a twenty-one year old. She wore it like she knew every eye in the place was checking her out 'cause they were. In comparison, my dress might as well have been a burqa. It was a classic '50s cut, except it was colored in two shades of swirling black, midnight and volcanic ash, instead of white or pink or yellow.  
Nisha fitted herself to me like a puzzle piece and I spun her like a top to the chants of slaves from another time. It wasn't like the first time we had danced at the casino nightclub. It wasn't a seduction, a flirtation, a game. It was sweet almost. 
“You like to dance,” I said. 
“You don't?”
“I guess I never really tried it. Not like this.”
“You like this?” Nisha asked. I nodded despite myself. “Some people think it's the style of dancing that you like. Others think it's the partner that makes the dance. But they're both wrong. It's the connection that matters. It doesn't matter if it's blues or waltz. It doesn't matter if you find the person sexy or you hate them. All that matters is what you feel in that moment. What you both feel. Together. Because of each other. There is nothing more intimate.”
It was another thing I had never done with Haruki. It made me sad because I felt like she was right. As I pulled her close and breathed in her scent and and heard her humming and felt her softness, all our history and thoughts and possibilities didn't matter. We were one. 
Then the song ended. 
“Thank you for dance, Celeste.”
“Thank you, Nisha,” I mumbled back. Within seconds, a sharply dressed man asked her to dance. She offered her hand. I stood there watching her twirl away. Other dancers were already working their way around me when a guy saved me by asking for a dance. I let him sweep me away.
He, or the dance, wasn't as good as Nisha. None of the rest were. Not that they didn't try. The older men would joke and play hoping for that elusive smile. The younger men would spin me and press themselves close for their own enjoyment. They tried and they failed because no matter how much I told them, they would never know and for the dance to be magical, for it to be like the first, for it to be as it should have been, they would have to understand. They couldn't.
Nisha didn't sit down once until the night had turned the color of my dress. She would barely finish a dance before the next wannabe partner moved in. As the call went out for the last dance of the night, Nisha came up to me. 
“You want the last dance?” I asked, surprising myself. 
“I never dance the last one. It puts an end where an end shouldn't be.”
“You want to say goodbye to any of these guys before we leave?”
“Don't worry, I won't hurt them more than any normal woman would. That's not why we came here tonight.”
“Then why did we?”
“For the same reason we've done everything else this week. To have fun. To enjoy life. To bond.”
“So this is what you do?”
“Do what?”
“Live a pretty normal life.”
“Did you expect me to spend all my time hunting for my next victim, or should I be looking over my shoulder for all the people hunting for me?”
“I thought you would be feeling a little more guilty for what you've done.”
“All the time?”
“You sold you soul to the devil, Nisha. Admit it.”
“I sold my soul for what I wanted. I sold it for nights like these. I sold it for dances like ours. I sold it almost a lifetime ago and I keep buying respite because there are things that make it all worth it.”

Nisha insisted on driving me to see Terry. I didn't put up much resistance. We both didn't want him picking me up, and I wasn't enamored by the idea of taking the bus. I had let him select the meeting place just to see what he would choose. He had suggested the Nike campus. 
We parked on Jay Street in Beaverton a few minutes late. I didn't see Terry's Subaru. Nisha pulled a foil packet out of her pocket and offered it to me. Condoms. Figures. 
“I won't need that.”
“You never know.”
“You don't know me.” 
“I know about men,” Nisha said. “I know about young men.” 
That she did, but I still didn't take it. It wasn't that kind of date. It wasn't a date at all. It was a reunion. I knew it was possible when I came back. In some ways, I must have wanted it even if I wouldn't admit it aloud. 
“I'll see you later,” I said, getting out. 
“Celeste,” she said. I leaned back down, hand ready to close the door. “Call me if you need me.”
“Thanks,” I said, meaning it. What was my life becoming? 
I closed the door and walked toward the entrance. Nisha waved at me as she drove away. I returned it. A car door opened in front of me, and Terry stepped out. It wasn't the Subaru. It was a plain white Jetta. He must have borrowed it. I couldn't imagine it being his. 
“Celeste,” he said, his arms wide open. I hugged him and let him kiss me on the cheek. He looked over his should to where Nisha had driven off a moment before. “Your friend's pretty hot.” I had already told him that she wasn't my friend, and that she was hot was a fact of nature, so I ignored the comment. 
“This your car?”
“Yeah. Sucks I know. I rolled the Subi. My parents wouldn't buy me a new one. Here, I got you something.”
Terry reached back into the car. He came out with two drinks. An giant iced coffee for himself and a Strawberries 'n Cream for me. He remembered. I took a sip. So did I. The irony was no match for the cool sweet fruitiness of it. I hadn't had one of these since I found out Lunas were allergic to them. I had given them up and forgotten about them, and until this moment, not missed it at all. It wasn't the same as regret. There was a distinct difference. Haruki had shown me that. 
We walked into the Nike campus. The entrance on the opposite side was only half a mile from my old house. On weekends during high school, I had run the bark track around the campus. Terry had joined me sometimes or my best friend when she was on a diet, but mostly I did it alone. Today, we walked instead of ran. 
“So what's up?”
“Nothing,” I said, pathetically. 
“Come on, Celeste. You stop by my house and tell my mom you wanted to see me.”
“Nisha said that, not me.”
“She said you were too scared to say it yourself. Were you worried I wouldn't want to see you?”
“No.”
“I didn't even know you were in town.”
“No one knew.”
“I would have called you if I had known,” he said. 

“He lied,” I said. “He wouldn't have. He hadn't in the almost two years since I had last seen him. When he left me here, he left me completely. The only reason he came back was because he wasn't drafted by the MLS. Not the Premier League or La Liga or Serie A. Even the MLS, the shittiest soccer league in the world didn't want him. He's been trying out with the Timbers, but that just means they feel sorry for the hometown boy.”
Nisha just sat there and stared at the hummingbirds fluttering around the feeder. She had come and picked me up after Terry and I had walked around the campus three times, or twice too many. Now, we were back at the house sipping sparkling wine on the porch. 
“If he wrote a letter and burned it before sending, he didn't tell me. If he called me and hung up before I answered, he didn't say so. If he thought about me at all when he was away, he didn't mention it. He didn't know my parents had died. He hadn't bothered to even find out where I had gone. What had happened to me.”
Nisha bit into one of the strawberries she had bought. It disappeared into her mouth, no extra juice to redden her lips. Not like Oregon Hoods. These were the first American ones of the season. Californian. The Mexican ones had been out for a month. I hadn't been able to stomach any. They reminded me too much of Terry right now.
“You know what hurts the most? He moved and he moved on. Then I moved and didn't. Not for a while. Not until Haruki. And I come here, and I'm only here like a week, and I think about him. He comes back here every break and during the summer and not once does he bother to even think of me.”
“I'm sorry,” Nisha said. A few more glasses of wine and I wouldn't be anymore. 
“It's not your fault.”
“I'm surprised you would say that considering it was.”
“You didn't make him forget me. You didn't make him who he is. You just helped me see it. You helped me move on.”
“Not yet, but you're getting there.”
“I'm like a fly to an elephant.”
“No,” she said. “I know what he's feeling, and it's not that. He's scared, Celeste. He was scared to see you because of what you might say after what he did to you. He knows he hurt you, but he's afraid to face the consequences of that. He didn't know how to act. He didn't know, so he ran. He took the easy way out. But he saw you this time. He asked about you now, right? It's a start.”
“It's nothing without the rest. Some things need to be finished to mean anything. We are. I'm done with him. I thought I could learn something, but I was wrong.” 
“Just because it didn't work this time doesn't mean you were wrong to try,” she said. “Not everyone can be like Haruki.”
“They don't have to be.”
“If you keep expecting to find someone like him, you're going to be forever disappointed. Trust me. I've been around a long time. I know. There's almost no one like him.”
“I don't need another Haruki.”
“It's going to be okay.”
“I know,” I said. “Because in two days I'm going to have Haruki back.”
Nisha froze where she was, her eyes the only evidence of life. They pierced me, and I didn't flinch. I had said it, and I couldn't take it back. I wouldn't take it back. She had been waiting for me to tell her what I was hiding. There was no need to hide it anymore. She needed to finish what she had started. She didn't know Haruki anymore than Terry knew me. If she wanted to know about him, let her. I had seen the wicked witch without makeup, dripping wet, in a towel. She didn't scared me like she had. 
“What?” Nisha said. 
“When the moon goes dark, Haruki is coming back.”
“From where?”
I stood up. It would be easier to show. Nisha followed me into the house, through the kitchen and into the formal living room. I walked over to the white sheet covered sofa and pulled it back – not quickly like a magician revealing a trick and not slowly like a mother waking a child. I pulled it back like I knew that what was underneath would be stunning enough by itself. 
It was. 
For the first time since I had known her and possibly ever, rituals involving shamans included, Nisha was completely surprised. Not only that, she was scared out of her mind. 

Spring III

It was June. My birth month. The longest of the year in the northern hemisphere. Night wouldn't come until after ten. The moon would have risen by then, if it had been one of the other twenty-seven days of its cycle. Not tonight. It wouldn't appear at all tonight. It was dark. Truly dark. 
Until Haruki brought the light back. 
I sat and watched some stupid police procedural on TV. It was just one red herring after another until the last act when some passing character from the first act was revealed as the culprit. For a mystery, there wasn't much mystery. That was probably why they called them thrillers although that was also a misnomer for the same reason. I was watching it because it felt appropriate for tonight. I knew what was going to happen, but I still needed to wait for all to play out. That and I had to do something to balance out Nisha. 
Nisha, all in black as if for a funeral, was pacing like a prisoner waiting for lights out the night of a breakout. She had tried sitting in the living room with Haruki. She had tried sitting with me. She had settled for digging a troth between the two rooms. I had never seen her like this before. Had she ever been this worried? Yes. She had. But in how long? She hadn't been while locked up in the dungeon. Maybe not since she had become what she was. 
On TV, the criminal confessed to everything, good won, and a message from our sponsors ended the story. Nisha was late. I looked up and listened. Nothing. No footsteps. 
“Nisha?”
“Celeste,” she whispered from the other room, only loud enough for me to hear because the TV was muted. It was happening. I jumped out of my seat and rushed to the living room. 
It had happened. Haruki was alive. 
They say there is no wonder left in the world. But there is. You just have to look. Nisha was crouched in a corner between the fireplace and a chair. She reminded me of Duncan, drunk and alone on the floor, except it wasn't resignation. It was amazement, awe, the kind induced by only death and birth. This was both. One giving way to the other. 
Haruki coughed. It was dry, not the wet sound of almost drowning. It was the sound of lungs being used for the first time in over a week. It wasn't natural. None of this was. I didn't care. Haruki squinted his eyes and held his hand up to block the lamp. It wasn't bright, but like his lungs, it had been a long time. I flipped it off, plunging the room into semi-darkness. Night had finally come to the world and the only light came from the other room. 
And of course Haruki. He pushed himself to a sitting position and looked up. We smiled at each other. 
“I told you,” he said, rubbing his chest. The open wound where I had stabbed him would still be there until the sun healed it. 
“I know,” I replied. I had never doubted except in all the moments I had, but he had been right and that was all that mattered now. 
Except for Nisha. Haruki saw her as she stood up. His smiled evaporated. He looked at me. The questions, the concerns, everything was right there for both of us to see. Per usual, I hadn't thought that far ahead. I hadn't thought about what I would tell him about Nisha being here. I had thought that telling her the truth was the hard part. It wasn't. What happened after that was harder. You feared the tornado, the hurricane, the flood, the fire, the cataclysm. It hurt for sure, but the event lasted only moments. There was animal instinct to fall back on. It was the aftermath – picking up, recovering, moving on that tried the soul. It was deliberate and long and hard and you never prepared for that. 
“I told her,” I said. He didn't ask why. That was a question for later. 
“Haruki, I'm not here to take you away,” Nisha added. 
“Then what are you here for?” Haruki asked. 
“I didn't even know you were... you would... you could come back.”
“You didn't?”
“Haruki, I heard you die. I saw your body. I felt their grief. I can't...believe...”
She stepped forward, too suddenly for me to hold her back. It was late and Haruki was weak. There wouldn't be a way to heal until sunrise. As much as I had wanted to hug and kiss and hold him, I had held back. I hadn't thought to hold Nisha back. 
She reached out to touch him. Haruki raised his tuxedo covered arm to block her. Nisha took his hand in both of hers. She had to feel flesh. She had to touch him. Like doubting Thomas, she had to feel him to believe. I had done the same thing once upon a time but in the safely of the morning light. Here she would just drain him if Haruki didn't pull away. 
He didn't. He pulled back, but she just hung on and drew closer to him. Then, instead of pushing her back, he stopped and looked into her eyes. He was seeing something in them – the truth, the thing that would change everything. 
“I–” Nisha started and stopped, the confession, apology, or one-liner lost forever. There, first in the corner of her eye, then throughout her body, I saw what Haruki saw. No. I saw what Haruki felt. 
He was draining Nisha. 
It should have been the other way around. We all three thought it. All three of us had expected it. But it wasn't. Haruki was the one taking her strength. She hadn't known this either. She had spent her whole post-transformation existence avoiding her creations and now the ignorance had come back to haunt her. 
Her hand slipped from his as she slipped to one knee before tumbling over. I tried to think back to her interactions with Haruki. Of course she had touched him that first night. But after he found her again, had she? No. Not in Florida with Lupe nor at the nightclub nor in the beach house and finally, not in their separate jail cells. They had come close, and she had tried, but this was the first time since Nisha had made Haruki a Luna. She had been hunting Haruki for months, just trying to get within reach of him. Now that she had, she couldn't have been further away. 
I laughed. A wicked vengeful mean cruel laugh. I laughed at Nisha and everything to do with her. The irony was beautiful. It was the irony of reversal, the irony of recreation, of poetic justice. It was getting everything you ever wanted and realizing you couldn't have it. It was the oasis mirage that dissolved to reveal hell itself. But it was fitting. At least for her. 
“Nisha,” he said with tenderness-sympathy-pity that didn't seem possible in the moment. But it was because Haruki was who he was. He understood exactly what she had felt – the physical of course but also the emotional. He could have been triumphant. He could have lorded it all over her. He could have killed her with his bare hands, right there where she lay, and no one would have blamed him, least of all me. Instead, he said, “Help her.”
That was why he was a better person than me. That was why Nisha had coming looking for him. He was everything we should have been, wanted to be, and weren't. I loved him for it. 
I helped Nisha up into the sofa Haruki had just vacated. She was faint but not limp. He hadn't drained her that much. She was weak more from the shock of what happened and what it all meant than anything else. Her eyes were open, but she wouldn't look at either one of us.
“She'll want some water,” Haruki said. I left them together as I went into the kitchen. She would appreciate a glass of wine more, but I stuck with the requested water. The clear liquid filled the glass, and I remembered the one I had chucked at her that first day. Now here I was waiting on her instead. I could have thrown it again. I just didn't want to. I didn't need to. I wasn't afraid of her anymore. 
Haruki was sitting on the edge of the sofa. He pushed Nisha's hair back from her face with his sleeve. He was careful not to touch her with his skin in same way I was with him. I handed him the glass because she didn't reach for it. Haruki moved it toward her lips, but she shook her head no. 
“You drink it,” she said, all noble and out of character. “You probably need it more than me. You should have brought me some wine.” That was more like it. She forced a fake smile. 
Haruki drained the water and handed the empty glass to me. I took it but didn't leave. I wasn't afraid of leaving them alone. I just wanted to see what happened. To bear witness to her reaction. To see it all end, for this was it – the end of Nisha's journey. From here she went back into the world, without purpose, directionless, lost. 
“I didn't mean to drain you, Nisha. I thought you were going to drain me.”
“Don't worry. I deserved it.”
“No one deserves this,” Haruki said. 
“Don't give me that shit,” she said. 
“Self-pity doesn't suit you.”
“Fuck you, Haruki. Where's my wine?”
“Get it yourself,” he replied. 
“Thank you. Now let me see it,” she said, nodding toward his chest. 
Haruki took off the ill fitting tuxedo and draped it over the sofa. He slowly unbuttoned his white shirt all the way down. Then he pulled it back like Clark Kent, except there wasn't a giant S underneath.  There was an closed unhealed wound slanted upward toward his heart. His skin around his heart was brown and purple, yellow and black. What blood that hadn't escaped his body had formed a demented bruise. All that and it didn't look as bad as I imagined when I was making it. 
“You helped it begin to heal,” he said to Nisha as he buttoned his shirt back up. “What's the forecast for tomorrow?”
“Sunny,” I said. 
“It will be gone by sunset,” he said. “There will only be a scar left by then. You should feel better, too.”
“I know,” Nisha said. 
“But you didn't know I would resurrect. You didn't know I would drain you. You created me and you didn't know the two most important things about a Luna.”
“I'm not one, Haruki.”
“You are with me.”
“That doesn't make those the two most important things about you. Or me.” 
“You don't know that.”
“I believe it,” she said. 
“What you believe in scares me,” Haruki said, standing up. 
“Don't leave me. At least not yet.”
“Would you have stayed if I had asked you that same thing?”
“Haruki, you know I can't hurt you. But you can hurt me.”
“I'm not that naïve anymore, Nisha. Just because you can't touch me doesn't mean you can't hurt me. What I can do to you is nothing in comparison.”
“I won't then. Ask Celeste,” she begged. Haruki looked at me for something – confirmation, rebuttal, guidance. I gave him what I hoped was support. He looked back at Nisha. 
“Well I see you in the morning,” Haruki said. 
“Good night. It has been. I mean it,” Nisha replied. 
Right there in front of her, Haruki grabbed me and kissed me deep if not long. My eyes were closed, but I hoped she was watching. That was probably the point. She couldn't even hold his hand without fainting, and here he was making out with me. Then it ended. I was still reveling in the revelation too much to properly enjoy the goodnight kiss. 
“I love you.”
“I love you, too,” I replied. We left. This time I felt Nisha watching us. 
Haruki showered upstairs. The bathroom had a giant mirror stretched for ten feet above the sink. Haruki stood in front of it shaving. He didn't really need to. He probably just wanted to take away the feel of death. I looked at his reflection. The blue aura extended all the way down to the towel at his waist. It was as strong as when I had first seen it, the true measure of his being. I set the clothes down on the counter. The urge to touch him was so intense I had to step back. 
“What's wrong?”
“Nothing. I'm just so glad you're here,” I said. Anyone else would have thought I was lying since it seemed to contradict my last action. Haruki nodded. He understood. It was the way it was with us. 
It was warm in the room. I opened the windows and turned on the fan. We kicked the sheets off and laid facing each other on the bed. 
“Tell me about it,” I said. 
“I don't know what death is like,” Haruki said, knowing exactly what I meant. I had never asked the first time and he had never told me. “I know what my dying was like. It was a fight. A battle between what my body wanted – to live, and what my mind wanted – to die. I had to will myself to die otherwise my body might have held on long enough for them to bring me back. It was just a single choice. It was a continuous one like running. I wasn't afraid of the darkness. I was running toward it. 
“When I woke up, I knew it had worked. I felt it in the way air entered my lungs, in the dryness of my mouth, in the stiffness of my muscles, in the way I grasped for the surface of consciousness. I had abruptly stopped fighting my body and now I was working with it. We were struggling together to reach the world. That was the only thing that told me it worked. The almost instantaneous change in feeling. One moment there was the single sharp pain of the knife in my chest. The next there was the insistent pain of feeling coming back to all my senses. 
“For you, the time passed as it always does. Minutes to hours to days. For me it was just moments. I closed my eyes and I was dead. I opened them up again and I was alive. You think it might feel like being in a coma, but I don't think so. There were no dreams. In that moment between death and life, there was nothing. There was no fear, no love, no God. But when I got back, it was here.”
“I'm sorry I couldn't have been there with you.”
“Don't be. I wasn't afraid.”
“I was,” I said. I turned around, so he could hold and comfort me like he had that first night. 
I told him about where we were and how we got here and why Nisha was downstairs. I told him that Duncan knew he had made a mistake and that Iris knew she hadn't and that I wasn't sure yet if I had. I told him goodnight and let him wrapped his arms around me and bury his head in my hair. I felt his warm breath and strong hands and entire being and I realized how much I had missed him that I wanted to cry. 
So I did. 

It must have been close to dawn because the night seemed exceedingly dark at this hour. A cool breeze was blowing in from the window. It must have woken me up. I was warm where Haruki held me but cold everywhere else. I couldn't close it without disturbing his peace, breaking his happiness. I closed my eyes. I could tough it out for a few hours. 
No. It was the fan. It was off. I leaned up and looked around the room. There, by the door, was a shadow different from all the others. A living breathing shadow. Nisha. 
“I couldn't sleep,” she whispered by way of explanation. That was all it took to wake Haruki and send him rolling into a defensive position on the side of the bed. 
“Nisha?” Haruki asked. 
“Do you want to go the beach?” Nisha replied. 
“Now?”
“In the morning.”
“What are you doing?” Haruki said. 
“I was just watching you.”
“That doesn't comfort me at all,” I said. 
“Celeste, you know that's all I was doing. You trusted me enough to tell me Haruki was coming back.”
“You convinced me you weren't completely evil. That doesn't mean I trust you.”
“Then what do I have to do?”
“It's not that easy,” Haruki said. 
“I don't care if it's hard.”
“It's what you've done. You can't change that,” he said. 
“I know. I just want a chance. Give me a couple days.”
“It's who you are, Nisha. I don't want to trust you.” It never would have come out right if I had said it. “I don't want to hang out. I don't want to be your friend.”
“But you do want to know,” she said. 
“Know what?” Haruki asked.
“Something. I don't know. About what I know. About other Luna. Or Luna-Makers. Or me. That's why you haven't left me. That's why you sought me out. You think I still have something to give you. You're more selfish than you think, Haruki.”
“And you're not?”
“No. I am. I know it. I admit it. But neither of you knows me as well as you think you do. Come with me to the beach, and I'll change that. I'll tell you what you want to know. I'll answer the questions you're afraid to ask.”
“What do you get out of it?” Haruki asked. 
“What I have always said I wanted – to get to know you. Nothing more. Nothing less. That's what I ask of you. That's what I offer of myself.”
It should have scared me – everything she said, her calmness and confidence, the way she had already spun a tale to convince me. Haruki had been right. She didn't need to touch him to hurt him. She could do it with words. Even the night she made Haruki a Luna, it hadn't been her hands but her words that doomed him. 
“Fine, Nisha, but no promises. I'm not sure I want what you have to sell.”
“Okay. See you in a few hours,” she said. She got up and walked out. Her words had been humble. It was her walk that told me she believed she had won this battle, for it was a battle. That might have scared me yesterday. It didn't now. 
Haruki climbed back into bed, and everything was right in the world. 

Nisha asked me if I wanted to drive. It was a ploy. Despite how much it would suck for her to have contact with Haruki, she insisted on trying to be close to him. Physicality making up for the lack of emotionality. Or some bullshit like that. I declined the offer of driving or riding shotgun as did Haruki. She could chauffeur us and tell her story like a cab driver finally getting her due. 
It was already warm as we left Forest Grove. It was going to be a scorcher, as Nisha put it in a Scottish accent. By the end of the day, the native Northwesterners would begin complaining about the heat or have fled to the beach like us. It would be cool in the Coast range on the way there, and the beach would be cloudless with a cool ocean breeze and everything that made life great. 
There would be stories on the way, there, and back if desperation required. We would listen, enjoy the day, and decide what it all meant. She would talk and fret and try to sway us. Nisha rolled up the windows, turned on the AC, and began. 

I don't know how it is for Lunas after they change. After you become. What you felt. What you knew. What you had to learn. What you had to do. For me, it was all instinct. I felt it. There was no mentor to guide me, no master to command me, no teacher to show me. By the time I returned home, I just knew. I felt it in my very being. My new being. 
I know you think becoming a Luna ruined your life. Becoming what I did destroyed mine, too. In different ways but destroyed nonetheless. On the surface, nothing had changed. I looked the same. I had the same things. I was in the same caste. It was only inside that I was different. I had traded for everything I wanted. It had come with a cost and that made me set myself apart. It was only once a year that I had to do anything different, but in a few years they would notice that I looked the same while they all grew old.
It was almost a year after the transformation that I made my first Luna. A feeling, an urge came to me about a month before the one year anniversary. It grew stronger with each day. It was like a desire I couldn't shake. I would meet people, and I would feel like I had to have them. It wasn't uncontrollable. It wasn't insatiable. It was persistent. A lust that wouldn't go away until I had one of them.   
You may think it was hard figuring out what to do. It wasn't. It was like sex. It was sex. You may have been nervous or scared, but when the time came, you knew what to do instinctively. And like sex, the first time was sloppy and painful. A learning experience. If I had been able to screw it up, I probably would have. Once I started, it was inevitable. 
My father occasionally did catering for a family who had known him back when he worked for the Ambassador in India. The family's neighbor became my first Luna. I don't remember his name, if I ever knew it. He was old. He lived alone. He would watch me from his bedroom whenever I helped my father out. That was all I needed to know about him. 
It was over two weeks after the lust started that my father catered another party for the family. I went with him early to help set up. It was one of my nights to sing, so as night came and the party began, I left. I didn't go far. I knew the man was home. I had never seen him gone. At the gate, I rang the bell. I waited, and he didn't come. I could have left. I could have gone to the nightclub like I was supposed to. It might have changed his fate but not mine. I would have still made a Luna, either him or someone else. 
I rang the bell again and again. Finally, he came to the gate but didn't open it. 
“You have seen my face, but I have not seen yours,” I said. There was a long pause. 
“You have,” he said. 
“From a distance. Is that really enough?”
“What do you want?” Accusation and fear.
“What do you want?” Suggestion and seduction. He opened the gate. 
“You,” he said. He turned away as he said it, embarrassed by the confession or afraid of the truth. I stood and waited. When I didn't move, he looked up and down the deserted street. The music from the party over the walls to us. Lanterns threw light straight up but not down on to us. There is nothing like the absolute darkness of the tropics before widespread electricity. There was the moon, stars, and the shadows, oh, the deep dark shadows. He took my hand and pulled inside before shutting the gate. 
“You may not remember, but I met you when you were a little girl.”
“Oh,” I said. I let him think it excited me instead of disturbed me. When I didn't move or ask for anything in particular, he saw his chance to get everything he always wanted. Just like I had, except I had taken my time and debated. Maybe he had as well during all those hours watching me. Maybe it didn't matter how much you planned. Maybe you just got lucky or you didn't. 
He kissed me. From there, instinct was all I had. Completely. No more thoughts or choices. Just reactions. It was just sex. Animals knew how to do that. We were just animals. It was possession. Control. Transformation. That was something unique to me. From where I lay, it was the climax, the peak of his life. All the puns were appropriate here because it was also the end like a supernova. The last moment was the most brilliant. For him at least. 
When it was over, I felt nothing. No lust. No guilt. No fear. Not even disgust. Just peace. I had come for what I needed. I had done it. I had discovered the price I must pay. I had paid it, and it wasn't that much. Or so I thought in the immediate aftermath. 
It took only a few days for me to realize how wrong I was. I had left while he slept, slipping out into the night and back into my life. Nothing had changed, mostly. I looked that little bit younger, more beautiful if that was possible in your early twenties. Otherwise, the night reminded me of my transformation on the river, without the blood and dead languages. It was a ritual. It was important. It was done. 
A message came for me at the house. The old man wanted to see me. Come during the day. I had no plans to see him again, especially not when I was visible to the gossipy women working in nearby homes. He sent another message the next day and the next. He had to see me. He needed to talk. It was a matter of life and death. I thought eventually he would give up. He didn't. My family was becoming suspicious of the same messenger coming every day for me. Finally, I sent a reply. I would see him at midnight so he could talk and we could end all this. He agreed but only if I came on a moonless night. The darker the better, I thought. I didn't need anyone seeing me. 
It was as dark as the country. No moon and no neighboring lights. Just the stars. I had a black sari wrapped around me. No one would recognize me unless they got right in front of me. I rang the bell and rang it again until he came. He invited me inside, but I refused to go through the gate. I might never have left it. 
“What did you do to me?”
“What do you mean?” I asked, for I truly didn't know. 
“The moon burns me like the sun to an Englishman. I slapped my dobi for dropping my clean clothes on the ground. She seemed to feel it for only a moment, but I felt weaker. Are you a witch? What have you done to me?”
“I don't know,” I said. The truth again. I had changed him like the Shaman had changed me, but I didn't know what I had made. 
“Change me back. Fix me. Please,” he begged and reached for me. He stopped short, afraid to touch me. I stepped back into the street, anyway, out of his reach. He retreated behind his gate, afraid to come after me, afraid to leave the safety of what he knew. 
I walked away. I didn't run. There was no reason to. He wouldn't follow me, physically at least. His words could, his messengers should and his stories would. Just like after I had been transformed, by the end of my walk home, I knew what I had to do. It was finally time to leave India, and I knew exactly where I had go. 
Paris. 
Here is what I learned on the way to Paris. Being beautiful and witty is worth infinitely more than being beautiful or witty. Everyone can be bought, most of the time for less than you think. The first impression will be the only impression, right or wrong. It is all about the lies, the ones you tell others and, most importantly, the ones you tell yourself. The greatest modern invention is indoor plumbing. 
It was like starting over again, but my transformation and the journey had prepared me for just that. Whereas before I had been a supporting player, now I became the star. I became what I wanted to be. For those years before Hitler declared war, it was perfect. It was what I had dreamed of when I was sixteen. It was why I had made the deal with the Shaman. It was all I needed. 
Except for once a year. 
After the first time with the old man, I held out hope that it was a one time thing. The debt had finally been called in and that was all I owed. It wasn't so much naivety as denial. It didn't make much difference, at least not yet, so it didn't hurt to hope. By the time I reached Europe, I suspected it was ongoing. Either that or I was pregnant. I had stopped bleeding with the moon's cycle. I had a new cycle. Annual. The aftereffect wasn't blood. It was Luna. 
I didn't make any in Paris. I liked my life too much to risk ruining it again by transforming someone who knew me. The social circle I inhabited was small. It was easy enough to find victims among those without the desire or means to ever stumble into my hangouts. I came to them quick and left them quicker. Let them think me a dream. It worked for the first handful. Even after the Nazis invaded, I made another among the refugees. That was my big mistake – choosing a man with no home, no reason to stay where I had found him, nothing to lose. I never saw him again, but he moved and the story of his condition with him. 
I hadn't liked the Germans my first time in Paris. The few I had seen. As everyone knows, they were the opposite of the French, and I liked the French. After the invasion everyone had to put up with them or leave. I stayed. For a while. Until I met her. A woman like me. The Fraulein. 
I was at a party for a Nazi sympathizer. He had embraced the Germans instantly, caring more as he did for rich wine and aged cheese than freedom and politics. I was there as a guest but also the entertainment since whether I agreed or not, it was still Paris. It was still my home. That was how she found me. I was in plain sight. 
She came up to me while I was taking a break between songs. She offered me a glass of wine. 
“I prefer the Champagne.”
“The red is more symbolic,” she said, her French better than mine. 
“Of what?” I dared to ask, still not wise enough to keep my mouth shut. It could have been so many things, but there was one obvious answer – blood. And that? There were so many kinds of that. I tried the wine. 
“What do you think?”
“I think I prefer Champagne,” I said. 
That made her laugh, loud and throaty, like she knew the entire room could hear her and she still didn't care. It made me pay attention to her for the first time. She was blonde in the way only Germans can be blonde and pretty in her own way. Awe is a better term. She was tall, imposing, powerful. Men went to her for comfort instead of the other way around. She could have been a Valkyrie if– 
“How old are you?”
“Twenty-seven,” I mumbled, trying to lie, changing my mind, then sounding like I had anyway. “How old are you?” I added, trying to cover it up. She didn't look more than twenty-seven herself although she held herself – 
“Much older,” the Fraulein whispered into my ear, her hot breath sending shivers through me. “Lets go somewhere and talk.”
I didn't want to go. I still had songs to sing. I still had jokes to make. I still had people to enamor. I didn't have a choice. I had to go because she knew about me. 
A year before, I would have taken her to a midnight cafe. The Nazis had put a stop to that. There was a curfew now, and none of the cafes were open. I was tempted to risk arrest by walking and talking on the streets. I wasn't willing to risk the exposure to the ears behind the walls. That left only one option, the worse one. My place. I could always find another apartment. 
She looked around at all the opulence. It was deceiving. They were all gifts from men infatuated by me. I served her absinthe, the traditional Paris drink. She sipped it and continued wandering around. 
“Tell me who made you. And how, where, why. The whole story,” she added as if it wasn't clear from the first four commands. She was blunt, straight, and German through and through. No pretension. 
I told her about the Shaman and India. I left out my first time in Paris. I said that I had chosen Paris because London sounded too much like India but with more Englishmen. She laughed at that and accepted it because she felt the same way. When I was finished, she reclined on my sofa and told me her story. Just the highlights since the whole thing would have taken nights. 
I was right. She could have been a Valkyrie if she had died rather than trading her soul for youth and beauty. She had been a war nurse, one of the first. She had worked with Florence Nightingale and liked her despite her Englishness. She had been wounded accidentally when a unexploded bomb exploded while she was helping a wounded soldier. He died. The flames and shrapnel burned half her body. She ended up in the hospital next to men she had taken care of. They died or healed and still her body refused to do either. She contemplated suicide just to get it all over with. That's when she met the Shaman. She called him the ubermensch, taken obviously from Nietzsche, so a term she later applied because of what he had done to her, for her. He had offered her the same deal he offered me. She accepted. They performed the ritual and sacrifice on the banks of the Danube. By the full moon she was completely healed.  
She lived in her hometown for a while before leaving when the questions and rumors became too loud and persistent. She settled in Paris because all Germans are secretly jealous of French culture and wine. She learned her lesson and only made Luna miles from Paris. Like for me, it was all she ever wanted. Then the war came – the first one. 
She had left and traveled the world. She had searched for the Shaman and answers and found neither. She had dreamed of Paris and waited, wished, and gotten wiser but not older. Then Germany had risen again and taken it all and more back. Even for us, twenty-five years is a long time. I knew that then. It was almost as long as I had been alive. I still know it, now, more than ever. 
The Fraulein told me all this for one reason. She told me to prepare me for what she was going to say next. 
“You have to leave, Nisha.” 
“I will do what you do. When I need a man, I will find a village far away from here.”
“This is my city. There can be only one of us here.”
“It's a big city.”
“You will leave by sunset,” she said. Dawn was already glowing outside. “You will never come back, even for a moment. If I hear that you did, whether it is true or not, I will have you thrown in jail.”
I wouldn't have survived it. People always say that, but I mean it literally. When the time came to make a Luna, I wouldn't have all of Paris and beyond to choose from. I would have guard and prisoners. I had never tried to turn a woman before. I wasn't sure I could. Even if I could have turned a guard, it wouldn't have been long before he figured it out and retribution came down. 
“Okay,” I said. 
“And leave the key on the table and the door unlocked. I think I might use this for a while.”
I was on a train out of Paris by noon.
For a while, I convinced myself that I wanted to go, that it was my choice. It was time to move on. The truth of course was that I was scared of what she knew, of what she could do to me. 
I could have gone back there after the war. She would have been at the disadvantage then, when the mere hint of Nazism or collaboration was all it took to burn at the stake. But I had learned that the nomadic life was safer. I had moved on. The new world was my new home. 
I haven't been back to Europe since. 

Nisha took the 101 south to Cannon Beach. I had figured her for more of a Seaside gal – the size, commercialism and blatant tourism. Instead she had chosen the quaint simplicity of Cannon Beach. Selene had rented beach houses for us every summer up and down the Oregon coast. Cannon Beach had always been her favorite even if it had become a parody of itself. 
We stopped at Bruce's and bought enough taffy to keep our dentists employed to retirement age. Haruki picked out the chocolate and peanut butter; Nisha would only eat the licorice and peppermint, and I got the rest – vanilla, various sours, a dozen different berries absent straw. We went into a beach shop. Nisha bought us all kites. We flew them on the beach until we got tired and gave them away to some boys playing in the sand. They probably wouldn't last the day but hopefully the memories would. 
We took off our shoes and felt the warm dry sand and the cool wet sand under our toes. I slathered on sunscreen and felt different from Haruki and Nisha in a normal way. We walked along the beach toward Haystack Rock. Nisha continued where she had left off. 

If there is one good reason to hate me, it is this. For a while, it became special: my making a Luna. I enjoyed it. I lived for it. The month of lust. The hunt. The night. They were my victims and lovers, my friends and marks. It wasn't America that made me that way – the freedom, the arrogance, the horny young men. It was the Fraulein. 
She made me feel so powerless, so ignorant, so lost. She came to my home and drove me out. She played me, threatened me, and dominated me. She made me feel like my father when the Ambassador had tossed him aside. It was so matter of fact, rational, cold. We were nothing more than an unpleasant thing to be taken care of. And here in America, I knew nothing and no one. I spoke fine British English but heavily accented from my years in France and India. I was a stranger in the land of opportunity, and I took advantage the way I never could in Paris.  
It started with a young sailor, a former prisoner of war. I met him by accident. The lust had barely begun then. I wasn't even looking. I was on the street trying to hail a cab and go somewhere. I don't remember where. All the cabbies were ignoring me, my dark skin turning them off. He stepped out into the street, flagged one and asked if I wanted to share. He had to repeat the question because I didn't understand it. It wasn't a questions people asked yet. Then he asked if I spoke English, and I answered yes to both questions. 
I let him tell me his story in the back of the cab. He was in love with me by the time we reached his hotel. 
I could have had him then and there. It would have satiated the lust. I would have been set for another year. But I didn't want him to stop talking. I didn't want to be alone again in an hour. I wanted him to ask me questions. I wanted to share stories. I wanted to see if I could be more than a superior substitute for the girl he remembered when he was dirty, starving, and afraid in the middle of the jungle. So I didn't turn him that night. Or the next. For almost a month, I saw him, kissed him, tempted him, and learned all there was to know about him. He was willing to do anything for me, to go anywhere. I became all he cared about, and it made me feel good. 
Then, at the end, when the lust and waiting had become unbearable for both of us, we did it, and it was all he dreamed and all he would remember. 
He was the first. For a decade or two, I continued to do that. Every year I would have a month long romance. I would get to know them and remember them. For a while, I even wrote their stories down. Finally, I would get what I needed and leave, move to another state. There were students and factory workers, a painter, an astronomer, and the last one, a housewife. 
Turning a woman was new for me. I had never tried it before. It was the '60s. There were drugs, free love, feminism everywhere. Pick your reason. There was never a better moment to find out. 
I met her at a party. One of those peace, politics, and pot ones. She was there with her husband, trying her best to smile and make polite conversation. She refused the repeated offers of various drugs and only spoke when spoken to. She clung to her husband as if he would protect her when that was the furthest thing from his mind. He was there to experiment – drugs, women, conversation. It didn't matter. He was only too glad to have me take her off his hands. 
“This party sucks,” I declared when we were alone in a corner. She looked at me like I had just declared that God was dead – that mixture of fear and awe. It was the same look people had given the Fraulein. I knew I had her. We talked for the rest of the night. When her husband finally showed up to drag her away, she told me that her number was in the phone book and that I should, not could, call her during the day while daddy was at work. 
I called her alright – the old fashion way. I looked her up in the phone book and found her address next to the number. I showed up the next morning. When she opened the door and saw me, she gave me the same look but with just a little more awe than the previous night. She invited me inside for coffee. 
Everything was going perfect until I heard the baby cry. Nowhere in the preceding hours of conversation had she mentioned the little boy. Maybe she had just forgot to mention him. It hadn't been the kind of party that encouraged the sharing of baby stories. But in her house, she was still silent until he stopped being. She got up to go to him, and I got up to leave because neither of us were monsters. Or so I thought. 
She stopped me at the door and begged me to stay. She laid out her life to me in a way only hinted at before. The cheating husband, the crying baby, the broken dreams. It wasn't so unusual. Leaving would have been the merciful thing for both of us.
“I have no motherly instinct,” I said, appealing to the one thing she shouldn't have been able to resist. “I will make you resent your life. I listen to no man. I depend on no one. I live for myself and no one else.”
“I want to,” she begged. 
“I can make it so you have to.”
“Show me.”
I kissed her. Her lips were soft, a woman's, and smooth with the taste of coffee and milk. She didn't kiss me back. 
“There,” I said. “See? You don't want it enough.”
“Wait. Give me a chance. I've never...”
“Neither have I. It isn't about that. It's about the risk, the adventure, the courage. You think I was born this way? I was made, and I can make you.”
She kissed me. It was tentative, curious, forced. It was a start. 
The thing you have to know about people, the thing I didn't know until later, is that what they want is so rarely what they need. 
I stayed that morning. I came back the next. The lust in me grew stronger. The full moon grew closer. I was patient. I let her make the connections herself. She felt the difference between the crushing sadness and despair of her normal life and the fleeting moments of happiness with me. Of course it reminded her of sex. It needed to. As the end approached, I began to worry. First, about whether she would be ready for what needed to happen, and second, if she was but didn't turn once it did. I had never let the lust get to the peak, the point that coincided with the anniversary of my creation. I didn't know what lay beyond the other side. I just felt like I didn't want to find out. It had to work because I didn't have a backup plan if it didn't. 
It did. I walked in one morning shaking like a junkie in withdrawal. The lust was becoming unbearable. She hugged me to comfort me, then went beyond that because simple comfort was not enough. It was time we came together and became one. It was time we became brave. 
As she lay in my arms afterward, her full breasts rising with each breath, I knew I had given her what she thought she wanted and she had done the same to me. I had stopped shaking. The lust was gone. Now it was time to leave. 
The baby began to cry in the other room. She opened her eyes and looked at me and snapped back to reality even as she resisted. I smiled at her and said, “It's okay. Go.” She got up, her body so much less beautiful in this light, in this moment. Now that I felt no lust. 
She came back in carrying the baby. I already had my clothes on. I was slipping into my shoes. 
“You're leaving?” 
“It's over,” I said. She was weakening before my very eyes. The baby draining her, and she felt it, but she couldn't let go because it was her baby. “You should sit down.”
“What... what's happening?”
“I gave you what you wanted.”
“What did you do to me?”
“I set you free,” I said as I walked out. I heard a crash behind me as she tried to follow and failed. 
 Like I had said, I figured it was over. She would go back to her life, or try to. I would move on to another city, new prey. I was wrong. I was almost dead wrong. I had never turned a woman, let alone a housewife. I had no idea what I was getting myself into. She didn't take getting turned lying down. She didn't go hide from the world like the first Luna I had made. She came after me. 
It was months later. I was in a new city, one state over. She tracked me down. How? I don't know. If she had wanted, I never would have known she was there. She must not have heard that poison was a woman's weapon. It would have been more effective if less dramatic. Her husband had a six-shooter which she had taken.
She knocked on my apartment door. I was surprised to see her there but not scared. I thought I could out talk her, whatever she wanted, like I had the first time. I was wrong again. What she wanted was to kill me. What she needed was for me to understand. I refused to do either. 
She asked for coffee. I asked her what she wanted. She said coffee. I said I didn't like coffee. Then she shot me. The bullet ripped through my chest, puncturing my lung. I collapsed to the floor. She stood over me, the gun still in her hand. 
“You know what you did to me?”
“I made you brave,” I answered. 
“Look at me now. You think this gun makes me brave? I'm braver than you. I didn't run away. I stayed. I fought. I tried to make it work. My husband took my son. I can't see him anymore. I can't touch him. You ruined my life. I may not have liked it, but I didn't deserve this. You offended God, you will be judged.”
“I'm sorry,” I gurgled through the blood filling my lungs. 
“I don't want your apologizes. I want you to feel what I felt, not knowing what was going to happen.”
She popped out the cylinder on the revolver. She spun it and snapped it back in. Her husband must have taught her that. Five bullets. Six chambers. One chance to live. She pointed the gun at my heart. The irony was the only thing that kept me from crying. She pulled the trigger. 
Then she turned it around and pointed it at her own head and did the same. I think she always intended that, regardless of the outcome of the first click. 
My neighbors had heard the shots and called the police. I spent the rest of the year in the hospital. It wasn't until I made another Luna that I fully recovered. Physically at least. I changed my hunting after that. I stopped getting to know them beyond a single meeting, a single night. I finished it quickly, left without a word and forgot about them. I hid or ran when they tried to find me. I did what I had to do, but I didn't revel in it anymore. I gave myself one night a year to be the monster and the rest to be the girl that had chosen this life. 
I never turned another woman. 

Nisha stopped. The beach disappeared ahead into jagged cliffs. It began again around the bend. I looked where we had come from. In the distance, Haystack Rock peaked out from the waves. The tide had come in, surrounding it completely. We were the only ones this far down the beach. Even the sounds of children playing and dogs barking didn't carry this far. 
Haruki took off his shirt and shorts until he stood in his boxers. Nisha and I watched him in silence, hearts beating quicker, afraid to ruin the moment. He walked out into the ocean, the waves broke against his legs, then hips, then chest, then he dove under. He surfaced and body surfed the small waves back to shore. His lips were already turning blue. Goosebumps covered his skin. Shivers ran through his body rippling his abs and making me weak. I remembered back when I was still a girl young enough to run around the beach without a shirt, young enough to swim in the cold ocean for hours, young enough to believe that life would always be as amazing as those summer days. Today made me almost believe it all again. 
We drove south to Tillamook, stopping at the cheese factory for ice cream before heading east, the sun dipping toward the horizon behind us. She had blackberry on a plain cone. Haruki had chocolate chip cookie dough in a waffle cone. I had coffee the color of Haruki's skin. We all got the subtext. Nisha finally finished her story. 

 I've been in love before. Once. So I know what it feels like for you. But I also know the hurt of losing it. I think that's why I couldn't understand how you could kill Haruki in the dungeon. Losing the man I loved was the worst feeling in the world, and I would have felt infinitely worse if I had destroyed it. I imagined it, and that is why I couldn't do it. 
His name was Blackberry, because as he said, a musician never gets to choose his own name. It was right on the nose, black and sweet. They called him that because of the scars on his fingertips from picking blackberries as a kid in the deep south. It gave his guitar playing a raw, frayed sound like the strings could feel what he had been through. Or as the producer who introduced us said, it made everything more real, more true. 
I went to Detroit to record an album. Motown was dying if not already in the grave, but Detroit was still the place you went to record jazz. It wasn't my idea. I had made a little name for myself in some circles. It was a risk, but I didn't think the album would become popular enough to be dangerous. I had brought some songs I had written, but mostly it was to be covers and other songwriters' originals. In the end, I just thought it would be fun. That was reason enough to do it. 
He was one of the studio musicians the record company hired to give music to my vocals. He also had a couple tunes he had written that he hoped to get on my record. It wasn't me or my voice that he was enamored with. Playing was hourly. Writing was royalty. I was just a means to an end. The latest aspiring diva he had played for, with, against. Except I wasn't. 
They all wanted to be stars. I already had what I wanted, and it wasn't fame. I wanted anything but that, and he figured that out quick. I wasn't his ticket to the big time. I was barely his meal ticket for the night. He didn't need to sell his integrity to work with me. For those few hours, for those few days, he could just be himself and not worry about what anyone else thought. 
We finished recording the album, and that should have been it. We should have gone our separate ways. I wasn't on the hunt. I hadn't had a real friend in so long that I forgot what it was like. He had a son at home and ambitions beyond me. It – we – never should have happened. 
After we laid down the last track, the producer took us all out to celebrate, to a jazz club of course. Old. It might have even been a converted speakeasy from the glory days. We got a booth and drank and drank some more when the glasses ran empty. I listened as the men told stories. Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was the place, but they were relaxed and happy in a way they weren't back in the studio. The house band took a break. The guys all started shouting for Blackberry to get on stage and perform a song. At first he demurred because of me. Then he looked at me as if asking my permission, as if he needed it. I shrugged. I had already heard his songs in the studio. I had already sung a couple. What did I care?
Blackberry took the stage, borrowing the guitar left there. The club quieted a little, the people calming down because they knew what was coming. They had seen it before. I thought I had, too. I hadn't even come close. 
He played one of the songs I knew. One I had recorded. One that could have landed on the album. It wasn't the same song despite the lyrics and melody and tune. It sounded almost exactly the same. It felt almost completely different. 
I knew why he had looked at me. I knew why he had sought out my permission. These were his songs, not mine. When I had sung them, I had cut away the one thing great about them. I may have looked twenty, but I had been singing longer than Blackberry had been alive. He may have been forty, but he played like a child – raw, uncut, free. I had brought polish and professionalism to songs that needed just the opposite. I walked my way through them, said the words sweetly, and hadn't given them any thought. I hadn't understood them. How they were meant to be sung. What they meant. Why you sang them. 
When Blackberry came back to the table, I asked him if he would sing a song with me. One of his. The simplest one. A guitar and vocals. Two verses and a chorus. He tried to politely decline. 
“I finally get it now,” I said. “You sing because that is what you feel. It's all you have to give. You share it and hope that someone else feels the same way because that makes life a little less lonely. I would like to feel that way. If only for a few minutes.” 
The guys didn't say anything. They just stared into their drinks and waited for him to make his decision. If I had known him better, or people better, I would have known he couldn't refuse. But in that moment, I feared his rejection more than anything. 
“Okay,” he said at the time. Later, he would tell me it wasn't my desperate words or his friends' unusual silence that swayed him. It was my eyes. He could see that I needed it. He understood that because he had used to need it as well. Not anymore. Music had cured that, and he believed in its power. 
After that song, I did too. I also came to believe in something I didn't even know I cared about it. Something I didn't even know I wanted. Something I didn't know that I lacked. Happiness. 
I hadn't traded my soul for that. It was something I would have to do myself. And I saw how to do it. He was sitting next to me in the booth of a dark jazz club on a warm night in early spring. His name was Blackberry, and I was going to fall in love with him. 
We weren't planning to see each other again after the album finished, except if it did well enough to justify us all coming back together to do another. We were supposed to go our separate ways. Him to the next paying gig and his child at home. Me to my next adventure in Detroit until I made my next Luna and left. Instead, I gave him my phone number and asked if he would show me around the city. 
“Not much to show,” he said. 
Then you can spend the rest of the morning showing me your life, I would have said if I was trying to turn him. 
“I...,” I mumbled, truly nervous around a man for the first time since my transformation. “It was just an excuse to see you again.”
“You don't need an excuse.”
I flushed and turned away. I couldn't believe how glad I was to hear that. We could have continued on with the flirty banter, the entandras and innuendos I was so good at. It didn't feel right here. We had moved beyond all the pretense. 
He showed me around the next morning and the next after that. I saw him between dropping and picking his kid up from school, between live shows and recording sessions, between him living his life. For him, it was a gap in his real life. For me, it was my life until he made me a part of his. 
It wasn't like anything I had experienced before. I wasn't trying to seduce him. I liked him too much for that. He wasn't falling for me. He was too practical for that. He liked me and I liked him. That was what we focused on. 
He knew I was different, but he didn't talk about it. That's what I liked about him. He accepted me as I was. Mysterious. Peculiar. Strong. I don't think I've met another man that would have let me kiss him so long and passionately but go no further without explanation. Hell, even with explanation, reasons, and justification. 
You see? I couldn't get intimate with him. I couldn't let him take me like so many other men had taken me. I couldn't let him become a Luna because of me. So I never did more than kiss him. I knew I could do that. I was afraid of what more would have done to him. I had always gone all the way. I didn't know where the line was. The point of no return. The point where we both got what we wanted and lost what we needed. 
In the back of my mind, I knew it couldn't last. Not like it was. Not like I wanted it. He was so good and perfect that he wasn't the reason it ended. I was. I had to make a Luna because I couldn't control my desire for him and I couldn't fulfill it. Once I did, the dream was over. 
I could never look at Blackberry the same way knowing what I had done, what I would have to do again, what I was. So I left Detroit without a word. Just like I had planned before I fell in love and change my mind and my life. As much as I wanted to stay, I couldn't. It – I would have hurt him more by staying. He would have hated me. That I couldn't live with. Not him. Anyone but him. 
As I drove west, I finally realized what my deal with the Shaman had cost me. Friends. Being special, being different means being lonely. That is what we trade for who we are.  

The tires rumbled along the asphalt. The air conditioner hummed from the front. No one spoke for a long while. I looked over at Haruki. He was staring out the window at the Wilson river rushing by. His face was impossible to read. Nisha would see an angelic blue hued mask in the mirror when she glanced up. 
“What happened to him?” I asked, breaking the silence. It wasn't like she had said, the end. There were still plenty of years left that she could have filled in with stories. It just felt like the end, as if everything between then and now had been what we already knew about her. She had told us about her childhood and transformation, her adventures and mistakes, and finally about fear and love. Through all of that, it was only the last one that had made me see her in a different way. 
“He didn't make it big.”
“That's it?” I replied. 
“I don't know. I didn't go back. I didn't want to torture myself with what he was doing. With what he had become without me. There was nothing I could do to change any of it.”
“You don't know that.”
“I can't change who I am.”
“I don't believe that,” Haruki said. He was looking at her in the mirror now, but his words felt as much for himself as for her. 
“I'm a hundred years old. I've been this way for seventy-five years.”
That silenced us for a moment. Of course I could do the math, but to hear her say it aloud brought the reality home. A hundred. 100. More than four times my life. She had always sounded older than she looked. 
“How old would he be now?” I asked. 
“Seventy. Seventy-five. If he's alive.”
“He would still recognize you.”
“That's what I'm afraid of.”
“He probably hates you because you left,” Haruki said. I knew what he meant. “If he sees that you haven't changed, he'll understand it all. He'll forgive you for leaving. He'll know you did it for the right reasons even if it was wrong.”
“You think I should have stayed? You think that would have been better?”
“I think you should have told him the truth. I think if you really loved him, you would have trusted him with your deepest secret, with your very life. If you had really loved him, you would have told him what you really are and trusted him to understand. Because if you really loved him, because if you made him understand, he couldn't hate you.”
“You don't know that,” Nisha said. 
“It doesn't matter what I know. It doesn't matter what I believe. You made me a Luna, Nisha, and I don't hate you. You said yourself that leaving him wasn't as bad as that.”
She had no reply to that. 

We laid in bed later that night. Haruki and me. Not Nisha. We had the door closed even though it would have helped the two fans and open windows to cool the room down enough to sleep. She was just down the hall, listening if able and allowed. I rolled onto my side, so I could look at him. 
“I love you,” I said. 
“I love you, too,” he replied. He put his hand on my side. It felt warm and nice despite the shirt between us. “What's wrong?”
“What are we going to do about Nisha?”
“She's not going to stay with us for long, or we're not going to stay with her.”
“So you're going to give her what she wants?” I asked without the venom I thought was going to be there.
“What she says she wants or what she really wants?”
“You think they're not the same thing? You think she is still lying to us?”
“I think she doesn't know the difference anymore. She thinks the the end and the journey are the same thing. She still thinks she can have me or I will have her or want her or save her. From what? Herself, what she is, what she feels. Maybe I can help her. Maybe I can't. But I'm willing to try for a little while. I don't owe it to her. I probably owe her the exact opposite. But there is still one thing I want to know.”

“Is there a cure?” Haruki asked. The three of us were sitting on the south facing back porch. Nisha had made breakfast, a talent and desire I hadn't imagined her possessing. There were blueberry pancakes with real maple syrup, country omelets with fresh salsa, and morning adult beverages. Haruki and I had mimosas. Nisha had a Bloody Mary, less we forget what she was after yesterday's intimate confessions. 
“Maybe,” she answered. 
“Don't tease me.”
“Then no. There is not.”
“But there could be,” Haruki prompted. 
“There always could be. Do you want hope, or do you want reality? If it is possible, the Shaman is the only one I know who could do it. The Fraulein searched for years to try and find him. She couldn't find him. After leaving Detroit, I searched too. I asked around. I did research. I found nothing. I tried. Don't doubt me, I tried. I was so tired of being what I am. But even if I had found him, he wouldn't have done anything for me. At least anything I wanted. Transforming me has been his sacrifice, too. Reversing it, if he could, would have cost him what he had gained in the first place. I only knew him for a short time years and years ago, but if I know one thing about him, it's this. He didn't get to where he was by going back on deals made in blood.”
“You think there is only one Shaman?” I asked. 
“He is the only one I know.”
“I thought Haruki was the only Luna until I met Giselle. I thought you were the only Luna-maker until I met Theron.”
“I never met him,” Nisha said. “He was like me. A nomad. We avoided each other.”
“Do you know who made him?”
“No,” she said. “I don't know how old he was either. The Shaman didn't need to make one of us as often as we need to make Luna. Theron is dead. So is his knowledge, his legacy.”
“Except for the Luna he created,” Haruki said.
“They're not like you, Haruki. Even if you could find them, they would know nothing. Even if they had found Theron, which they never would have, he wouldn't have have told them anything. He would have done exactly what I did, scare them away. Like I said, you can torture yourself hoping there is a cure, or you can go on living like you know there's not.”
Wasn't that the central question of all faith? To believe or not to believe. The people that accepted the impossibility of knowing were happier. The ones that pushed to the final frontier in search of answers were wiser. It wasn't so much a question of faith as economics. Nisha, Theron, and the Shaman with their endless lives thought only of their goals, not the time and energy cost to get there. Time was precious. We, us humans, only had so much of it. How much were we willing to waste getting nothing in the search for everything rather than taking something little right in front of us?
“Where would you look first?” Haruki asked. This wasn't what we needed – directions, hints, clues from Nisha. 
“I wouldn't look.”
“If you were to.”
“Haruki, don't,” I said. I hadn't like her trying to point us somewhere. “Nisha's right. It's not worth spending our whole lives looking something that may not exist. There's another way. One that's right. One we don't have to look for.”
“What?”
“Nisha can make me a Luna, too,” I said. 
“No.”
“What?” Nisha said right after him. She hadn't seen that coming. 
“Let me explain.”
“No,” Haruki said again. 
“She's going to make another Luna soon anyway. It's that time of year. It might as well be me,” I said.
“I don't want to hear it. We were talking about a cure. You're talking about the complete opposite of that. I wouldn't want anyone to be a Luna. Not Kachada. Not my father. Not forever. Especially not the woman I love.”
“I know it's not a cure. But if you can't be like me, then I can be like you. It does the same thing, Haruki. It lets us be together. Like we can't right now.”
“We are together.”
“It will make us complete,” I insisted. 
“In the wrong way,” he replied. 
I wasn't going to change his mind. Not on this. He knew the consequences too well. But so did I. 
“I'll do it,” Nisha said. “Your logic is flawed, but I'll do it.”
“No one asked for your opinion,” he said. 
“You did a minute ago.”
“Not on this.”
“It's a good idea. Crazy, but good.”
“Crazy good,” I said. 
“Don't joke about this,” Haruki said. 
“I'm sorry. But it's not your choice. If you love me, you'll trust me like I trusted you in the dungeon.”
“Don't say that, Celeste. Don't make me...”
Nisha laughed. “I'm sorry,” she said. I looked over at her. It was ironic. The old Nisha. The trickster. She knew something I didn't. 
“Make you what?” I asked. 
Haruki couldn't look at me, and he couldn't answer. 
“What do you think?” Nisha said, no longer laughing or ironic. If anything, she was sad. Not for herself. For Haruki or me or all of us. “You're making him chose between loving you and hurting you.” 
“No,” I said. They didn't even need to tell me I was wrong. I could hear it in my own voice. “It means that you love me and that if I get hurt, which I won't, it's not your fault.”
“You think that will make me feel better? When you love someone, it doesn't matter who's fault it is. It still hurts all the same,” he said. 
“Does the transformation hurt?” I asked. 
“No. You won't even know it happened until after. That's when it hurts. Forever.”
 “What hurt the most was not knowing and having no one there for you.”
“What hurts is people draining you, using you, killing you.”
“I've drained you. I killed you,” I said. 
“And it hurt,” he said. 
“Then why did you let me do it? Why did you tell me to do it?” Once again I had trapped him in his own words, in his own experience. I answered my own question for him. “It was worth it for the right person. It was worth it because you love me more than anything in the world. More even than your own life. Tell me I'm wrong.” 
“You know you're not.”
“Haruki, I saw how you were with Giselle. I saw how happy you were. How free. How human. How much different you were with her than with me. I know you love you her, but it's not in the same way you love me. You love what she is. You love what she lets you do. But you love me for who I am. For who we are.” 
“Isn't that enough?” Haruki asked. 
Wasn't it? I asked myself. It had been until Nisha had convinced me she wasn't all bad. It would be if I had no choice. If we had no choice. But we did. We could make it better. We could make it perfect. How could I not do it if I could? 
“You're not a woman,” Nisha said to him. She was right. Haruki was a man. A great man. And that was why he didn't realize how rare it was. How rare he was. 
Love wasn't always enough. Not when it came to relationships. What you did also mattered. Or what you were willing to do for the one you loved. In some ways, that was who you were. Haruki had shown it, and I had, too. But we could be more. 
“Think about it at least, Celeste. Don't decide today.”
“I've thought about it since the moment I realized I loved you.”
Haruki stood up and stepped to the edge of the porch, his back to us. A few individual razes of sun breached the wall of trees and lit him up like a venetian blind. He looked so beautifully sad. 
“I won't be here when it happens. Call me when you're done, and I'll come hold you while you cry.”
“I would like that,” I said. The last part. His strong arms around me. His bare skin against mine. His fingertips wiping away my tears. Or lips kissing them away. Or tongue. 
“I will still love you, Celeste. Always. You may just not feel the same way about me.”
“I will,” I said. 
“We'll see,” he replied. 
“Tonight,” Nisha said. “That's the way I normally do it.”
Haruki turned back to look at me. It was all there in his eyes. His choice? Should he stay and continue pleading his case until the last moment? Should he leave and accept that the decision had already been made. 
“It will be easier if you leave now,” I said. 
“Things are never easy with us.”
“They will be.”
“No,” he said. “They will be clearer, simpler. They will be just as hard and just as worth it.”
Haruki stepped toward me. I looked up into his eyes, the ones that had first stopped my breath. He leaned down and kissed me, the second thing that had stopped my breath. He pulled back into the fragments of sunlight. 
“You won't have to worry about stopping next time,” I said. 
“I don't worry about stopping now,” he said. It wasn't a lie exactly. It wasn't the full truth either. “I'll be back tonight.”
With that, Haruki left us alone with the rest of our breakfast, our day, our thoughts. 

Since today was the last day I was going to get touched, in a pleasant way, by a person other than Haruki, I went and got pampered. A girl my age gave me a full body massage fully worth the cost. I got a mani and pedi. She told me the polish special was glittery gold. I told her to give me an American flag. Today was about life – my new one; liberty – my choice; and the pursuit of happiness – ours. 
Nisha was waiting for me when I got back. The sun was headed for the horizon. Night was coming. 
“I thought you had backed out,” she said. 
“So how does this work?” I asked. “I've heard it from Haruki and Giselle's perspective. Kinda. They were a little vague on the mechanics of it all. Not knowing what was happening of course. You weren't much clearer either.”
“We have sex.”
“That part I got. But that's it? I mean...”
“Well, normally it would start with the seduction. I would pick you out, approach you, flirt. You would think that this couldn't be real, or it was too good to be true. Then, you would ignore that thought, like where you know you're dreaming but you don't want to wake up. Then when we went off together, you would confess everything to me. And I would move in.” Nisha moved in. Her words became actions. “I would hold you or touch you lightly or just look at you in that way that said I understood everything you were going through. And I do. It may not mean anything to me, but I understand.” It felt weird the way she ran her fingers along my arm. The combination of shivers and revolt. “We can just skip all that and go straight to the point where you take my hand and lead me to the bedroom.”
“I take your hand?”
“Always,” she said. I tried to remember back to what I had heard. I couldn't remember if Haruki had or Giselle or the other Luna. I couldn't remember if they had accepted their fate or even chosen it in some twisted way. It didn't matter. I was choosing mine. 
I took Nisha's hand and led her up the stairs to her bedroom, not mine. She was beautiful. That wasn't the hard part. I tried not to think about Haruki. What he was doing. What he was thinking. What he was feeling. 
Nisha kissed me. It was sensual and inviting and not at all forced and desperate like the kiss with Sage. It was natural. For her. I was getting there. I had now kissed half as many girls in my life as boys. She pulled back to look at my reaction. 
“You taste like flowers,” Nisha said. 
“You're a good kisser,” I said. For seriously, how was I suppose to respond to that comment?
“I know.”
“Aren't you suppose to put on some music? Play a song for me to lose my life to.”
“I can if you want to.”
“Don't all the Luna-makers do it? Theron played the Killers for Giselle. You played Death Cab for Haruki and tried to do it for me when you were last trying to seduce me.”
“I like the song you chose for our first dance.” Madness. I hoped this wasn't that. 
“I don't. Not here. Not in this moment.”
Nisha moved over to her iPod docked in its stand. She cued up a song and turned back to me. The first chords began. The song sounded familiar, but I couldn't put my finger on it even as she put hers on me. She slipped my shirt off, bobbing her body to the beat, and undid my bra like a woman. The first lyrics began and I knew I knew before I forgot. Nisha rained kisses down my body where no one had been for so long. Again, I shivered in the rain. 
A Fine Frenzy. Near to You. 
I would have chosen a deeper cut. Even in moments like this, she wasn't as clever as she thought she was or as I could be. 
I laid back on the bed and closed my eyes and listened to the song. It was soothing, a perfect complement to her fierce kisses and warm breath and gentle hands. I wasn't cold and still the goosebumps appeared. My body cried out for the contact. It yearned for the intimacy or desired the carnality or simply needed the release. 
I tried not to think about anything, so of course I couldn't help but think of everything. I thought about how I looked lying naked. I thought about what Nisha thought about my naked body. I thought about all the men and the one woman she had done this very thing to before me. I thought about what my life would become after I became a Luna. I thought about the next time I would be naked and how it would be Haruki – not Nisha, not Lupe, not Terry, not anyone but the single man I loved in all the world – near to me. I wondered if the smile crossing my face was being misunderstood. I wondered if I was suppose to do anything besides taste good. 
I let a tear slip out my tightly shut lashes. As good as my body felt and as right as it seemed, I couldn't help but feel that I was betraying Haruki. I was cheating on him with his full knowledge and zero consent. I had run roughshod over his objections, completely valid and rational objections. I swept them out of the way like an elephant would a fly. He hadn't been able to stop me. He never could. He never would. I didn't have to care how he felt. I could do whatever I wanted and he had to live with it. And I felt bad about it all. What I was doing. How I was doing it. Why I was doing it. 
But, it was too late now. I was in too deep. So to speak. The silence between songs made it all seem a little anticlimactic. Then again, except for kissing Haruki, it always had. 
As bad as I felt, I wasn't afraid. I knew I was doing it for the right reasons. I was doing this for Haruki, for us, for love. Fear couldn't compete with that. 
Physically
mentally 
emotionally. 
Stretch time
Nisha stopped just like the song had. Was that all it took? One average length song and we were finished. Not satisfied, but definitely finished. If she had been a guy, it wouldn't have surprised me. I opened my eyes. She stood back from me – topless, her perfect excited breasts contradicting the confusion, shock, and even some embarrassment on her face. I had the strong, if not strange, urge to cover up my body. 
The next song had started to play. She shook her head. I looked over at the iPod. More Fine Frenzy. The deep cut I would have chosen originally for the multiple layers of irony. Almost Lover.
“Something's wrong,” Nisha said. 
“Am I suppose to like help or something?”
“You already made the choice. The rest is what I do. What I feel. I'm not feeling it. I'm not feeling you – your spirit, your life, whatever it is I take from you. I have always felt it from the very first old man to the boy I turned last year. It is what draws me. I don't think about it. I just feel it. It's pure instinct.”
“It's okay. Maybe–”
“No. It's not okay. There is no maybe. I was wrong. I was wrong, and I never knew it until now. You know who you feel like?”
“Blackberry.”
“Yes,” she agreed. “I thought you might say Haruki, but you're right. You feel just like Blackberry. Strong. Connected. Hidden. You're not alone. You're not weak. I'm a hunter, Celeste. Hunters go after the weak. We go after the ones separated from the pack. The isolated. The alone. We go after the ones that crave belonging so much that they stumble blindly into the most obvious of traps. I can't turn you into a Luna. Not the way you feel. Not like you are now. Maybe if I had known you at a different time, a different stage in your life. Maybe if I had known you when you were young, desperate, and alone, I could have turned you. But then, you wouldn't have wanted to be turned. You never would have asked for it or accepted it. You would have got it and not wanted it. Now that you want it, you can't have it. It doesn't work like that. I realize that now.”
“So that's it? There's no cure, and there's no way I can become a Luna,” I said. 
“You could become a Luna. You would just have to lose your only reason for wanting to become one: Haruki.”
“I won't do that.”
“You may already have. You already made the choice, even if success was outside your control.”
“You don't know Haruki.”
“We'll see,” Nisha said. There was no satisfaction in the retort. She was still too wrapped up in the meaning and ramifications of her epiphany to gloat over my fear.  
I got up, covering myself like stars did in the movies. I grabbed my clothes from where they lay scattered around the floor and on the bed. I had made a choice, and in the moment it had seemed fine, but now, afterward, in the darkness of the night even, I saw the consequences plain as day. I had to go, to find Haruki, to try and fix this before it was too late, if it wasn't already. 
Nisha had sat down, her back against the bedroom wall with her knees drawn up to her chest like the scared little girl she claimed I was. Maybe I was, but I was doing something about it. My phone was downstairs, in my handbag in the kitchen where I had left it before I had taken Nisha upstairs. I grabbed the phone out. Haruki hadn't called yet, so I called him. It rang once. Why didn't he pick up? He should have been waiting by the phone. It rang again. 
It rang inside the house. I heard ringing softly through the phone in one ear, and I heard it ring louder through the house in the other. He had left his phone here. How could he have done that? She wasn't right. She wasn't right. It was in the living room. I ended the call in mid-ring and heard it cut out in both places. 
I rushed into the living room. The furniture was still covered with sheets, except for one. Except for the one that Haruki sat on, the sofa where he had come back to life for the second time. None of the lights were on. A porch light from somewhere provided the only illumination, thus creating the deep shadows instead of total darkness. There was a bottle of dark liquor between his knees on the sofa. I couldn't read the label, but it had to be Scotch. He reminded me so much of how we had found Duncan defeated and alone in the mansion, except for one thing. The difference that made all the difference. The bottle was unopened. 
“Haruki,” I said. He looked up at me. He had been crying like I should have been. The light caught the dried up tears he hadn't bothered to wipe away. 
“Is it over?”
“How long have you been here?”
“I couldn't leave you alone, Celeste. I know I said I would. I thought about it. I almost tried, but I didn't. Not with her. No matter what you did to me, I couldn't leave you alone with her.”
“How much did you hear?”
“Enough to need this,” he said, holding up the bottle. “Long enough to have finished it. I thought I might need it. Then I thought that you might need it.”
“Nisha might,” I said. He tried to laugh but couldn't. I tried to be strong. I couldn't. “I'm sorry. I screwed up.”
“Come here.”
I went to him, and he reached out for me. I didn't take his hand. 
“I can't. It didn't work. She can't turn me.”
“Why?”
I told him the whole story – the good, the bad, and especially the ugly. 
“I'm sorry,” he said. 
“Don't be. You didn't want it anyway.”
“I'm not sorry for that. I'm sorry you didn't get what you wanted. I'm sorry you had to go through that for nothing. I'm sorry you're not happy.”
“Do you still love me?”
“Of course. I love you, Celeste. Don't ever doubt that.”
“Then I'm happy,” I said. 
Haruki stood up, wrapped his arms around my t-shirt protected back, and pulled me close until the only thing I could see were his eyes and the infinite boundless emotion inside them. 
“I love you, Celeste Nix. Don't ever forget that. No one can take that away from you.”
“I love you, too,” she said.
We both turned at the same time. Nisha stood in the doorway in the same place I had a moment before. She hadn't put her shirt on. That made me uneasy. Haruki was looking at her, the same beautiful body he had seen six years ago. The same one that had changed everything. The same one he had got naked with the last time he had... no. It wasn't. Haruki had slept with Giselle, and she was just as beautiful as Nisha and a lot less dangerous. He had come back from her to me once. That was much harder. This cheap trick of Nisha's was just that, cheap and a trick. 
Haruki let go of me and took a couple steps toward Nisha. His hands trembled. 
“What?” Haruki said. 
“I love you, Haruki. You were right. If Celeste became a Luna, it would destroy what you had with her. It would let us be together.”
“You know you can't have me.”
“You had Celeste, so why couldn't I have you? You make it work without touching her. I could make it work without touching you.”
“You make Luna, and you don't even know how it works. You just do it without thinking, without feeling, without caring. It's nothing to you. Just something that needs to be done, like breathing or eating.”
“I know Luna are forever meant to be alone. They aren't suppose to meet people that loved them so much that they would willingly become like them. They are victims, nothing more. The aftermath of predators manifesting our power. Leftovers. That's all you're suppose to be, the scraps for the scavengers to pick over.”
“You don't know how much I want to hurt you right now,” Haruki said. 
“You can touch me if you want to,” she said. Haruki took a step closer. It had come to that for her. She wanted whatever he would give her. It was pathetic and tragic and sad. 
“Haruki, don't.”
“I want to hurt you, Nisha. For what you did to Celeste, for what you did to me, for what you are.”
“For what your father did to you.”
“That's why I won't. I'm not like him. I'm not like you. I want to understand you, Nisha. I want to help you. But at some point, you have to want to yourself. You've a lived a hundred years, and you know less about the human heart than a teenager. You had your chance at love, and you ran away scared.”
“I did the right thing. I was protecting him from what I was.”
“You were scared. You were scared that if you loved him, you couldn't be what you are. And you're right, but that would have been the best thing you ever did. It wouldn't have lasted forever. It wouldn't have lasted long at all because you would have grown old and died, but it would have been worth it. It would have been worth more than all you ever got so far in this world. You were too scared to try it. That's the difference between you and me. I was scared out of my mind when Celeste first talked to me, when she first befriended me, when she first kissed me, when she first found out what I was. I was scared of it all. But I didn't run. Not like you. I stayed. I risked it all. I found the courage inside me to give Celeste a chance, to get to know her, to trust her, to love her. She made me different. The fear was nothing compared to her. All that was only possible because I stopped letting fear decide my life. I stopped letting what I was define what I could do. Who I could love. How I could live. It took me five years to figure that out. You've had seventy-five of being what you are and you still haven't. That's why we can never be together. That's why you can never be happy. That's why you will always be what you are and never what you could be.”
Nisha had fallen to her knees. She couldn't have looked more hurt even if Haruki had beaten and drained her to within a breath of death. 
“That's what makes you different, Haruki. I would have hit me. I would have hit me until I begged for mercy. It would have hurt, but it hurts worse knowing the truth. What makes you special is her. If you had been with me, I would have had you, but none of what makes you worth having. You would think that a hundred years would be long enough to get what you want, but you would be wrong. Time means nothing. It's what you do with it.”
“Just because you change the words doesn't mean you've changed,” I said. “I hung out with you. I listened to you. I believed you. And you lied. Again.” 
“I didn't lie to you. I just–”
“More words,” I said. 
“If you don't believe me–”
“It's what you do,” Haruki said. “Or in your case, what you don't do.”
“What do you mean?”
“You didn't turn Celeste into a Luna. That means you're going to want to turn someone else.”
“I have to,” she said. 
“No. You don't,” he said. 
“I've tried it before, Haruki. If I don't make a Luna, I get older every day. A year in a day for every year I've lived. You can do the math. You're asking me to die.”
Haruki bent down to her level. He wasn't scared of her. He rocked a little close, and she flinched. 
“I'm asking you to live. It's what you do with the time that matters. What did our night together get you? A year of looking young. You haven't told me a single thing that happened in that year. If you even remember a moment of it. Our night together got me Celeste. I can remember thousands of moments we've spent together. I can imagine the millions more we will spend. So who got the better deal?”
“I can't.”
“There's nothing I can say, Nisha. No magic words. No deal I can strike with you. No contract that we can sign in blood that will make you do the right thing. I could beg you. I could threaten you. I could turn you over to the cops. We both know none of that will work. You know what you have to do. But this here, this is the end of us.”
“Haruki–” 
“You're right,” he said, standing and looking back to me. “The truth is far more powerful than anything I can do. Than anything we can do alone.”
Haruki held out his arm to me, bent like a gentleman. I took it like a lady. We left Nisha alone on her knees in the living room. Her eyes were trying to cry after years of probably not. It was sad and poetic. 
We tried to go to sleep, but despite the exhaustion, our minds wouldn't allow it. Not yet. Not after what had been said. 
“Haruki?” I whispered into the darkness. I could feel him there, his arm resting on my pajama top. He was still. He had been for a while, but he wasn't asleep. His arm was too tense for that. 
“I'm here.”
“Do you want to talk about it?”
“About what?”
“What just happened, or what happened before that, or Nisha and me, or you and Nisha, or us.”
“If you do,” Haruki answered. 
“What if she doesn't go? What will we do? What if she–”
“She will, Celeste. All she's ever wanted was to be loved. All she's ever been afraid of is loving someone back.”
I could almost see his eyes twinkle in the darkness. It wasn't the end to the night I had wanted or expected. It was the end and I was with Haruki and Nisha was gone. 
That was all that mattered.

The sunlight streaming through the window woke us mid-morning. We would have left last night if not for the moon and the unknown. Today we would go. We hadn't talked about it. We didn't need to. As Haruki had said, it was the end. A new beginning awaited out there in the rest of the world. Somewhere. Away from here and all that we had known. 
I packed the bag of clothes I had bought with Iris's cash and Nisha's credit card. They were too nice and cute to leave behind. Nisha had cleared out her room. I wondered if that was it. If she had finally learned. If she had finally changed. I hoped she had. I really didn't want to meet her ever again, regardless of the answer. 
Of course, it couldn't be that easy. 
She was waiting for us. She had brought lattes, disappointing as always but free, so excusable. She was dressed to go to work, a real job, except that, apparently, she never took orders. Haruki accepted the drink. I didn't let her off the hook. 
“Did you stick around to say goodbye, or did you really expect to come with us?”
“I have a car. I was going to drive you to the airport. Since I was going that way anyway.”
“When's your flight?” Haruki asked. 
“Two hours.”
“Cutting it close,” I said. 
“I drive fast. You know that. You coming?”
Haruki looked at me. He knew what I thought. He glanced out the kitchen window. The tennis court was bathed in sunlight. 
“Give us five minutes.”
We made out in the let court for a few minutes. It wasn't as magical as it looked. It was necessary. Like brushing your teeth. We had to wash the taste of last night out of our mouths. We had to start over clean.  
“It's not a trap,” he said, pulling back. 
“I don't care if it is. I have you to protect me.”
“A nice change, huh?”
“This time.”
Nisha was waiting for us when we got to the car. Just like on the trip to the beach, we sat in the back together. She took the back way to the highway and sped all the way to Portland. 
“Where did you decide to go?” I asked. 
“Where do you think?”
“Blackberry,” Haruki replied. She handed a copy of her e-ticket back to us.
“I didn't believe your story about falling in love,” I said. 
“I suppose I deserve that.”
“I've give you one thing, Nisha,” he said. “For right now at least, you're headed in the right direction.”
“Thanks,” she replied, sounding sincere. Haruki handed her back the printout. “So where are you going?”
“We don't know yet,” Haruki said. “Despite the ticket, we wouldn't tell you even if we knew.” 
“Well, wherever it is, do you have enough money to get there?”
“We'll manage,” I said. 
“How about this? I'll pay for you to go anywhere.”
“And the catch?” Haruki asked. 
“I'll guess where you want to go, Haruki, and then I'll guess where Celeste wants to go. If I get one right, I give you my credit card. I'll find out in a month when I get the bill. If I get it wrong, I give you cash.”
“He told you we wouldn't tell you. Besides, I'm not a gambler,” I said.  
“Haruki?”
“Guess, Nisha.”
“No,” I said. “We're not doing this.”
“It's okay, Celeste,” he said. “It's not gambling when you know the outcome. Nisha thinks she knows us, but she doesn't.”
“Brazil for Haruki because that is where Giselle will go. Paris for Celeste because that is where I won't go.”
“Wrong for both of us,” Haruki said. 
“Is that right, Celeste?”
“Not even close.”
“I know what hers is,” Haruki said, smiling at me. “It's the same as mine. Here's the riddle for your plane ride. It's the place we shared out first moments together, but we've never been there.”
“That doesn't make any sense.”
“It does to us,” I said. 
There was only one place that it could be. We would need her money to be able to get there. Like I told her, this time at least, she was headed in the right direction. She gave us cash, enough to fly around the world a couple times. We waited for her to go through security before we bought tickets at the counter. Our first flight didn't leave for a few hours. We walked to her gate. She was the last one waiting to board. I stayed back while Haruki went up to her. They stood facing each other, not saying anything. What was there to say that hadn't already been said. She offered her hand. He shook it, and I could see the way she tried to hide the effect. Maybe, just maybe...
Then they went their separate ways: Nisha to the end, and Haruki back to me. 

Summer Solstice

It was like a honeymoon. Or honeysun, moons not really being our thing. We hadn't gotten married. Haruki was still legally dead after all although the feds hadn't gotten around to canceling his passport yet. It just felt like the twilight of a wedding. The escape from all we knew, all the expectations, responsibilities, lives. It was just the two of us against the world. It always had been. I would never forget what Iris had done for us, what Lupe had sacrificed, what Newman and Pari had taught, even Vincent and Giselle. Whether they had helped or hurt, it had always been Haruki and me. From that long New Year's Eve night to my birthday today, it had always been just us. 
We were on the vacation we would never come back from. The past was behind us and the future beyond us and we were living in the present and no further. There are names for this time in different contexts. The in-between time. Purgatory. Gap year. It was one hell of a waiting room. 
We had come to Thasos because Newman had once mentioned it to Haruki. There was something magical about it. Or maybe it was like this on every Greek island. Or maybe it was just us. There's nothing quite like being at peace, being safe, being happy. Plus it was my birthday. The first happy one in years and it had barely started. 
Haruki was right, and clever. This was the first place we had met. We had read myths and talked about them, seen the movies and plays, lived the stories and imagined the experience. It was everything promised and more. The culture, the people, the history, the beaches. Tourist season was about to begin and even that couldn't ruin the ruins. 
This was what it all meant. This was what made it worth it. 

We had found the cove on our third day on the island. It was just around a rocky bend, but that was enough to isolate it from the rest of the beach. I had wanted to come back everyday, but Haruki had resisted. Until today. Until my birthday. He had been waiting. 
The sun was already blazing in the east. Here and now, it was powerful enough in mid-morning to let us hold hands comfortably as we walked. The cove was empty. The tide was out, making the beach twice its size. Haruki laid the blanket out on the pearly white sand. 
“Swim?”
“Of course,” I said. There was only one reason why I wore a swimsuit. It was right there in the name. 
Haruki took off his shirt. His tan skin was dark bronze in the sun. His abs rippled when he flexed and winked at me. Then he took off his swimsuit shorts. 
“What are you doing?”
“There's no one around.”
I looked around to confirm what I already knew. We were alone. I blushed. It may have been the sunlight or the moment or my heart rate, but he looked more beautiful than he ever had. The curves and lines and flow of his body. The golden ratio. Everything in proportion. Everything fitting as it should. It was cliché, but we were in Greece after all. He looked like one of the Olympians of legend. Yet better because he was real and best because he was here with me. 
“You coming in?” Haruki yelled from the edge of the water. 
“Yeah,” I said. Thasos may have been a small island in the middle of the Aegean, but thankfully they were modern enough to have a waxing salon. I slipped off my bikini and ran after him into the sea. 
The water was warm and clear and perfect. I could have stayed in there forever with him, but Haruki had other ideas. We hadn't come here just to skinny dip as fun as that was. He took my hand and led me back to the blanket. The sun quickly evaporated the remaining water from our skin. Suddenly, I was self-conscious, nervous, shy. 
Haruki reached into our bag and pulled out his phone. He turned on the speaker and a song began to play. 
“Don't,” I said. He stopped it. 
“What?”
“It reminds me too much of–”
“Sorry. I know,” he said, putting it away. He was trying to make it perfect, but it never could be and yet it was. It was him and me and that was all we needed, although the romantic setting was a nice touch. 
“What were you going to play?”
“I've never told you the song stuck in my head when I first met you. Ice Cream.”
“Sarah McLachlan,” I added. It was her one true happy song. 
“I was out in Red Square getting some sun before going inside to check out the program fair. The one where we bumped into each other.”
“Literally.”
“Yeah. Literally. This girl was out there with her guitar. She played Ice Cream and it stuck. So that's what I was thinking about the first time we met. Which was good because I think she was trying to do a one woman cover of the entire Lilith Fair.”
“I almost went to that.”
“You would have been like five.”
“No,” I said, laughing. “The second one. When they brought it back a few years ago. It was my senior year of high school. My dad bought a couple tickets for the show in George, Washington. Memorial Day weekend. We were going to drive up. Then something came up and he couldn't go. He told me I could go with a friend if I wanted. But I didn't want to. It was our thing. I wanted to go with him.”
“I'm sorry.”
“So was he. So the next year, when Sarah came to Portland, he got us orchestra tickets. Best concert I ever went to. And you know what? I can't remember if she played Ice Cream, but she did answer a question about it. She was taking random questions from the audience, and someone asked: what would she trade a year of not eating ice cream for?”
“What was it?” Haruki asked.  
“You,” I said, giving him my answer.
“I hear there's an amazing ice cream place in town, so you won’t need to.”
Haruki leaned in and kissed me, our chests touching as I pulled him down to the blanket with me. I gave into my body, what it wanted, and to my soul, what it needed. I felt strong. I felt him. I felt how two people could be whole. Complete. This was how it supposed to be. This was what love did. 

Haruki was right. It was amazing. And the ice cream was pretty good, too. 

In the end, it is moments that you remember, but it is everyday life that you live. 

###

Thank you for reading the third book in the Luna Cycle. If you enjoyed it, would you pretty please let your friends know where they can get a copy? And if you're feeling slightly energetic, could you leave a review at your favorite retailer? Or if you're really industrious, creating a twitter account, fan page, or feature length homemade movie would be freaking amazing. Don't forget, the cycle is just starting. 
###
About the Author
I'm a writer, traveler, philosopher. I couldn't write well at all until the 9th grade when I got a hard-as-diamond teacher. She expected nothing less than more than you could give. I wrote a poem called The Lion Hunter that changed everything. I wrote eight screenplays before I made my first film. It's not very good. This story is better, but it’s not over yet. Most of the things in here happened to me. Sorta. Kinda. In some metaphorical way. 
###
Other Titles
Luna Waning: Book 2 of the Luna Cycle
Luna Waxing: Book 1 of the Luna Cycle
Country Girl (2012, film)
Un-Human (2011, film)

###
Connect with Celeste Nix
www.celestenix.blogspot.com
@celestenix on Twitter
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/celestenix
###
