Lure


by Tarynn Kerr
Copyright © 2015 Tarynn Kerr
Smashwords Edition
Cover by Betibup33 Design
Formatted by Heather Adkins
First edition published 2015
The author reserves all rights. No form of reproduction may be used, unless prior written permission has been obtained from the publisher, excepting the use of brief quotations within critical reviews or articles. Reproduction encompasses any and all methods, present or future. In addition, no part or parts of this book may be used, unless under the same conditions of prior approval.
This is a work of fiction. All characters, names, places, and events are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any similarity or resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, or situations is entirely coincidental.
Any scanning, uploading or distribution via the Internet or any other form of technology without the consent of the publisher is protected by law, and will be considered illegal and punishable by law. Please respect these rights and laws by purchasing only authorized electronic or printed editions, and we request that you will not participant in encouraging any form of piracy of copyrighted materials. The author truly appreciates your support of their rights and legacy.
Chapter 1
DAVID
“David Rivera.”
The principal read my name and gave me the same bored smile he’d given most of the other students here as he handed me my diploma and shook my hand. See, I don’t — or I guess it’s didn’t — go to the type of school where the principal knows everyone. I grew up in L.A., so the public schools were just too big. I wasn’t the type to get into enough trouble to get sent to the principal, but I also wasn’t outstanding enough to be noticed by him either. So I didn’t mind that his smile wasn’t entirely sincere; it wasn’t his fault this was the first time he’d seen me. I was just happy that as soon as this seemingly endless ceremony was over, I was out of here for good. I’m not stupid or anything; school just isn’t for me. I mean, when am I going to use calculus anyway?
I practically ran out of the sweltering gym when the ceremony was over. Unfortunately, it was just as irritatingly hot out on the asphalt, where everyone had decided to greet their loved ones and block cars at the same time. I had parked in the far back so I had a slight hope that the crowd hadn’t spilled all the way back there. As I started elbowing my way through the masses, an arm grabbed me around the neck from behind.
“Dude, we’re out of here! Reunited and it feels so good!“ my best friend Sid sang at the top of his lungs. He was always bursting out in song — songs that rarely had any relation to what was happening.
“What does that song have to do with this situation exactly?”
“I don’t know, just seemed to capture how good I’m feeling. We are on our way, my friend. Just think, in a couple of months, we’ll be in college, and then before you know it I’ll be CEO of something awesome. And because you’re such a good friend, I’ll totally make you whatever is just below that.”
“Your generosity is touching. But I already told you, I’m only taking a few classes at the city college.”
“That is not what you decided.” He wagged his finger at me sternly. “I did not agree to that plan, so the decision is still on the table. Now let me lay out my argument.” He took a deep breath as if he was preparing for a big speech. Here we go, I thought. “You’ve got to come to USC with me because a) you know any school without me will be lame, b) I can’t guarantee you a position in my future company of awesome if you have a degree from a lame school, and c) seriously, college will suck without me.”
I did a poor job of pretending to consider. “Compelling argument. But I’m going to the city college.” I watched him, amused, as he gave an overly exaggerated sigh. “Come on, man, you know I was never going to go there. I just want to run the bakery. I don’t need USC and the thousands of dollars of debt it comes with to do that.”
His face got about as serious as it could get for his next statement. “You know if it’s about money, my family will help you out.” Sid’s family was loaded, and since they had more than enough to send him to any school he wanted, they were always offering to help my family out, especially since my dad died a few years ago. We always politely declined though. My mom, brother, and I didn’t have much, but our little bakery did well enough that we could live in a good neighborhood.
“It’s not about money. I like the bakery. Plus, I’m pretty sure if I stopped making my famous sweet bread you would spontaneously combust.”
Smile back in place, he said, “Alright, alright. I cannot deny myself or the people of this great city your delicious bread. But I still have two weeks to convince you to come to my party, and I am not giving up on this one.” He poked me in the chest for emphasis, and I rolled my eyes. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to go to the party. His parents were letting him throw a crazy bash since it was his eighteenth birthday and graduation combined. It was bound to be a good time. I just didn’t want a repeat of what happened after his last big party. By the time it was over I had to go to the bakery to start on the bread for the morning. Let’s just say that baking while drunk is a bad idea. I ran my thumb over the faint scar on my opposite palm. Yeah, no need for a matching one.
“Thank God I will be in Yosemite for half of that so I won’t have to listen to your convincing. Unless you come, of course. You’re still invited.” I gave my best come-on-you-know-you-wanna look.
“Sleeping on the dirty, bug infested ground and hiking through cell-signal-less woods for fun? Pass.”
“Wimp.” He punched me in the arm, but I laughed anyway. He really was a prissy girl sometimes, never wanting to get a speck of dirt on himself. He didn’t know what he was missing. By then we had made it past most of the people and I could see my family waiting for me by my car. I waved to Sid as he dove back into the crowd and made my way over to my mom, who was already snapping pictures.
“Do you really need pictures of me in the parking lot?”
“Yes, I do. I want to capture your final exit,” she said, still snapping away. I took my cap and shoved it at the lens.
“You should have seen her during the ceremony. Before your name was even called, she was leaning over the row in front of us, trying to zoom in as much as possible. So embarrassing,” my brother, Eric, said. He sidestepped away like he didn’t want to be associated with our over-enthusiastic mother. It could have worked. Most people don’t realize we’re brothers. He looks just like Dad, with his curly black hair and tanned skin. He also got Dad’s height. He’s two years younger than me, but two feet taller, the lucky punk. Okay, so not a whole two feet, but by the time his growth spurt is done he’ll probably be a little over six feet, while I’ve been steady at a measly five-foot-six. I mostly take after Mom, not only in height, but also her light skin and straight, brown hair. The only feature I didn’t get from her was her emerald green eyes.
“At least she wasn’t yelling,” I told Eric.
“Oh, she was. She yelled your name louder than the entire family of ten applauding the girl before you.”
“Wow, how did I not hear that?” We laughed until Mom started to yell again, this time for me to “turn this way” and “hold up your diploma” and “stop shoving your cap at me.” I posed for a few good pictures to appease her before finally convincing her we should go, since the exit would be backed up any second.
I drove us straight to the bakery so we could open for the afternoon and finish up some of the custom orders before our trip. It was a tiny place, but we had a prime location right across from a large business park, so we would get a lot of the businessmen and warehouse workers as they were coming and going.
Eric usually made the simple stuff, like the cookies, while Mom and I had our specialties. My dad had passed on his family’s recipes for conchas and empanadas to me, and they had attracted many regulars. Mom had a talent for creating the most beautiful frosting designs for cakes and cupcakes. When we arrived, she immediately set to work on her latest creation, which was a cake depicting a fairy sitting by an old tree stump with flowers covering every inch of ground. She could make everything look so real. This one in particular was the most intricate I had ever seen. Each flower, no two exactly alike, had perfectly shaped petals and you could see the roots and knots of the tree stump. The fairy had long, raven colored hair with a dress that camouflaged her against the dark bark of the stump. Most striking were her bright yellow eyes that matched her yellow wings.
I had no idea how she would come up with these scenes. I’d asked her before if she had gone to art school, but she’d always clam up when her past was brought up. I didn’t know much about her life before she met my dad, except that she moved here from a small town in England when she was twenty. Eric went to the front to help a customer, leaving us alone. I looked over at her, wondering if I could broach the subject or if I should just go with a safe compliment, but she started talking first.
“I saw you talking with Sid earlier. How is he?”
“Good, happy to be out of there.”
“Is he still going to USC?”
“Yep. He’s really excited.”
She nodded and went on with her cake, but I knew there’d be more. Three, two, one… “I know it’s probably too late for the fall semester, but have you thought about joining him in the spring? I could make it work.”
“Mom, I’m not interested.” When I saw that she was going to protest, I added, “Look, I know you want the best for me, but I really do love working here. It’s the best fit for me.” She continued to eye me skeptically, so I changed the subject. “Yosemite’s tomorrow. Excited?”
“Of course. As long as the wildlife behaves, it’s always so refreshing being up there.” Camping was the other thing Mom was weird about. She loved it for the most part. Every year when we went up to the park, she always seemed like she belonged in the woods. But at the same time, she would always get paranoid because of this huge fear of mountain lions. I knew they’re out there, but she would blow it way out of proportion. She would get really anxious for the first couple of hours, until she finally realized there weren’t giant cats hiding behind every tree. Eric and I would just have to watch the plants grow while we waited for her to let us go explore.
“What are we talking about?” Eric asked as he strode back into the kitchen.
“Yosemite. By the way, I’ve been meaning to ask you not to poison us again,” I teased. Two years ago, Eric had brought a field guide with him so he could try gathering some berries for us. The ones he picked had us all puking within an hour. The same thing happened last year with a different kind of berry. It’s a good thing he lives in the modern world because gathering does not seem to be his thing.
“Ha ha. I’d like to see you do better.” He flicked flour at me. I coughed and waved away the cloud.
“Okay, I admit I can’t tell the difference between a lot of those berries either, but at least I can contribute to our meals without food poisoning.” I always went fishing in the river and was usually successful enough that we’d have my catch for dinner every night.
“Oh, you think you’re so cool, Mr. Fisherman. It doesn’t take much skill to throw a string tied to a hook into the water.”
“Skill or no skill, you go to sleep full, don’t you?”
“Yeah, yeah. This time I challenge you to catch a fish with your bare hands. We’ll see which one of us has more skills.”
“Catching a fish by hand will prove that?”
“It’s harder, isn’t it?”
“Then fine, you’re on.”
Our banter continued into the evening, only interrupted by a few customers coming to pick up their orders. Mom’s cake was picked up last, and it was clear from the woman’s face that she believed she was going to have a very happy daughter the next day. By the time we closed, I was exhausted from the day but also really anxious to get going. I went to bed with the feeling that this was going to be a damn good trip. I dreamed of catching a fish with my bare hands, hiking through the woods until my calves burned, and climbing the tallest tree to find yellow eyes staring at me through a curtain of black hair.
Chapter 2
CEARO
Stay in the trees, Cearo, I command myself. Stay high in the trees and do not come down unless you need to.
Never need to.
I always fail at this one. I need to. Far too often. But I have gotten better after all this time. I only came down once this week. I only touched the river once this week.
Kill your prey. Catch it before it falls. If it falls to the ground, you will need to come down….
My hesitation was so brief that no one would have known had they seen me. Not that anyone sees me. There are Seelie men right there, but I am invisible to them.
Clean, cook, eat. Watch the Seelie.
They are often stupid. I did not take a side in the war, but I find that they must be watched more closely than the UnSeelie. If they step too far, they will die.
These are some stupid ones, reckless. I can already tell I will have to kill them. Only one is to go through the gate, but five went through here, leaving behind the two guards I am watching. That many Seelie in the human world is very likely to leave a trail back to here.
The guards’ comrades return within the hour. As expected, they brought along a bloody path that could lead too many humans straight to us. Now that the proof is here, I act.
Kill your prey. Do not bother catching it. Kill the next. Make them slip on the wet ground. Move on to the next. Tie them down to the earth. Next. The howling wind will cover their sounds and yours. Next. Knives to the chest to finish the job. Next. Never fire to the brain. Next.
It is done before any of them identify their attacker. I come down to the ground to study the lumps they dragged back with them. The eight humans are unconscious but still alive. They must die too. They cannot bring back stories of this place. I end them quickly so they will not feel their exit from life.
Then I burn all fourteen bodies. I dislike this part. Only a small piece of my mind must be present to make them burn, and I try to put the rest of it to sleep. Thankfully, it is over in the space of a minute.
I spend the next several minutes clearing the area on both sides of the gate of all evidence. Water washes the blood away. Air blows the stench of death away. Earth covers itself in new life.
I climb up a tree.
Go east. Check the next gate. Kill those that must die. Stay in the trees.
Stay in the trees because you will be unseen. Stay in the trees because you will be safe. Stay in the trees because he will come back for you.
Chapter 3
DAVID
My door opened with a bang, jolting me awake. I rolled away from it mumbling for five more minutes.
“I should be over all the butterfliiiiiiiies, but I’m into you, I’m into you!”
“Dude, you’ve really got to work on your song choice. Please be over those butterflies.”
Sid cut off his serenade and dropped his arms back down to his sides when he realized what he was singing. “Okay, yeah, that was a bad choice,” he admitted.
“What are you doing here anyway?” I asked amidst a yawn. I looked over at my clock, wondering if I had somehow slept through my 6 a.m. alarm, but the numbers read 5:49. “I didn’t know you could function this early.”
“I came to see you off. Besides, it’s actually extremely late. I’ve been up all night working on this.” He handed me a flyer with an ad for his party. “I’m putting these up all over town. Everyone’s going to be there. It’s going to be so epic.” He started dancing around my room and I wondered how he was still so hyper if he hadn’t gotten any sleep.
“Why didn’t you make these before graduation and hand them out there?” He stopped dancing and muttered a curse. I laughed at him as I rolled out of bed. “You know, this flyer is good. You could have a future in advertising if you could just get your timing right.”
I went to brush my teeth and when I came back only a minute later, Sid was sitting in my desk chair looking like he was about to pass out. Apparently his energy only lasts until the task is complete. I hauled him up and started half dragging him to the kitchen for a Red Bull so he could get home. Once he perked up enough that I thought he could drive without killing anyone, I showed him out. “Next time how about you save this for after you’ve slept?”
“No way. You’re leaving today and now the flyer will be there to convince you while I’m not.” Sid drove off and as I started back toward my room, I met Mom in the hall.
“You all packed? I just woke Eric up, so we should be ready to go after breakfast,” she said.
“Almost. Just a few last minute things.”
She headed for the kitchen, and I went back to my room and pulled my bag onto the bed. I grabbed my toothbrush and a few sundries and shoved them in. By the time I changed into more outdoor-friendly clothes, the smell of eggs and bacon was wafting from the kitchen. Still half asleep, we didn’t make much conversation over breakfast. An hour later, we had the car packed up and we set out.
The six-and-a-half-hour drive was pretty uneventful as well, but by the time we got to the campgrounds we were all excited. Actually, Eric and I were excited; Mom had begun her period of paranoia. Eric and I set up the tent and our supplies while we waited her out. I really didn’t know what the big deal was. It’s not like if there was an emergency or if we got lost we’d be totally alone. So many people were camped here that we could even see the next group over.
We all grabbed some sandwiches out of the cooler for lunch, and Eric and I just sort of glanced around awkwardly while we ate so as not to freak Mom out. When we finished, Mom was still ringing her hands and scanning all around like she expected something to jump out from behind a tree. I checked for anything we may have missed, but everything was taken care of so I had to ask.
“Mom, are you okay here if Eric and I head to the river?”
She snapped her head around to me as if I’d snuck up on her. “Um…well….” Her eyes flicked all over, searching for a reason to ask us to stay. When she didn’t find one, she sighed in defeat. “Alright. But be careful. Stay together and don’t wander too far.”
Eric and I strode off casually, but as soon as she was out of earshot, he muttered a quick “race ya” and we took off running. Eric’s long strides let him beat me but that was alright with me when I got to see him slip on the bank and do a face plant right into the water. I cracked up while he gave me a look of death. I assume that’s what it was, but it was hard to tell through the mud.
“Oh yeah, you think that’s funny?” he said after coughing up a mouthful of water. Maybe it was my strategy. Body slam those fish. The competition starts now.”
“Did you happen to incapacitate any fish that way? If not, and I’m guessing not, your strategy sucks.” With that, it was game on and we spent the rest of the afternoon flailing in the water, trying to grab fish. Just as the sun started to make the shadows noticeably longer, I miraculously got hold of one. It tried to wiggle away, but it was no match for me. “Ha, I win!” Holding it up in the air, I started to do a victory chant and jump around in the water.
“No way! You so cheated! I don’t know how but you did.” Eric threw some mud at me and I nearly slipped and lost my catch. Luckily, I not only have mad fishing skills but good balance. I scrambled out of the river, fish in hand.
“In your face! Who’s got skills now?” I laughed and dodged more of Eric’s mud missiles. Soon his unskilled arms were tired, so we turned toward camp. Just as we got to the tree line though, we heard someone calling from downriver.
“Hey, guys! Yeah, you guys!” We turned to see a kid jogging up the bank toward us, his mass of golden curls bobbing along with him. When he got close, I realized he wasn’t actually a kid. He was short, even shorter than me, but maybe a few years older than us. He also had the greenest eyes I’d ever seen, as green as Mom’s. I imagined that despite his height, he did pretty well with the ladies because of those eyes and angelic hair. “Hey, you guys have any luck fishing today?” he asked when he reached us.
“Well, we weren’t trying too hard, mostly just goofing off. I got one with my bare hands, though,” I told him, mostly to taunt Eric again.
The guy chuckled at Eric’s pouty face. “Ah, so maybe that’s why I was so unlucky today; you scared all the fish off,” he said, laughing. “Guess I’ll have to pick some stuff when I head back.”
“Oh, were you counting on catching something for dinner?” I asked. When he nodded, I felt bad for ruining his day. I held out my victory fish to him and said, “Here, take this at least. We don’t need it. Sorry for messing you up.”
“Thanks,” he said, taking the fish. “Good that it’s just me so one fish will do for the night.”
“No problem, man, and sorry again. Where are you camped? We’re just down there about a quarter mile, if you need anything.”
“I’m across and downriver about half a mile. There’s a lot more hiking trails up that way, ones that aren’t traveled often. You two hike?”
“Yeah, for sure,” Eric and I both said almost simultaneously.
“We haven’t been up that way much,” Eric said.
“Yeah, but maybe we should check it out,” I said looking over in the direction the guy indicated.
“Well, I’m camped right at the base of one of the trails. I’m planning to take it tomorrow,” he said pointing toward some hills. “It can be a bit hard to see at first, but once you’re on it, it’s quite clear. It’s a nice, peaceful trail away from the masses. Maybe I’ll see you on it.”
“Yeah, we’ll see if we can find it. What’s your name?” I asked before we parted ways.
“Boden.”
“I’m David, and this is my brother, Eric. Nice meeting you. We’ll see you tomorrow, I guess.”
“Marvelous meeting you too,” he said before he quickly crossed the river and disappeared into the trees.
Eric and I headed back to camp to find Mom cooking dinner over the fire and only normal-parent worried about us, the paranoia having passed. Looks like the mountain lions had failed to show themselves again. Unfortunately, our reprieve was short-lived. As soon as we told her about Boden and the trail, the paranoia came back as if it had never left.
“Mom, what are you so freaked out about?” I said when she paused to breathe between her million questions.
“Yeah, he’s just out camping same as us. What’s the big deal?” Eric chimed in.
“We don’t know who he is or where the trail goes or why he wants us to take it,” she said.
“Why he wants us to take it?” Eric repeated, confused. “Why do you assume he has some mysterious reason? Maybe he was just giving some fellow hikers a tip, sheesh.”
Even though I agreed with Eric, he was not making our case well. He needed to tread lightly. He was still adamantly trying to convince her it was nothing to be worried about, but Mom had tuned out his whiny tone.
“We’ve done the trails on this side of the river a million times. Let’s do something new this time. It’s not that far. He said it was like half a mile away. Come on, Mom.”
“Okay, look,” I started as I stepped between them. “How about tomorrow morning we just find his camp and you can meet him for yourself,” I said to Mom. “If you think he checks out, we’ll go for the new trail. For now let’s drop it and get some sleep.” I glanced pointedly at Eric and he shut his mouth, knowing it was a draw for now. Mom still looked freaked but she nodded and then shuffled to her tent.
“What was that?” Eric asked a few minutes later. “Why is a new trail so scary to her?”
I started putting things away. Eric sat there pondering, not making any move to help. “I don’t know, but let it go. Your arguing isn’t helping.”
“You agree with her?” he said sounding incredulous.
“No, I want to take that trail too, but not if it means sending her over the edge.”
“She always gets so weird when we first get here, but she gets over it when nothing happens. She just needs to get over it faster. A new trail could help with that.”
“How would that help?” I said, throwing our plates a little harder than necessary into the wash bin. He was starting to piss me off. He needed to drop this. “Scaring her more is going to do just that: scare her more.”
“But when nothing happens, she’ll see there’s no reason to be scared. We just have to give her an opportunity to see that.”
“That won’t happen. She won’t see it until she chooses to. Just let her deal with whatever it is on her own. Fighting with her won’t help.” At that, he stomped off to our tent.
I finished cleaning the dishes and then just sort of stared into the fire for a while, like it would give me answers. Part of me understood where Eric was coming from. Mom’s episodes could get frustrating. But there had to be something more going on, and since she never gave us real answers about it, she had to deal with it herself. My gaze wandered over to her tent, wondering if she was asleep already or if she had heard our whole conversation. I heard her move and let out a soft sigh, and I realized she had heard. I felt like crap, since it had probably sounded like we thought she was a total basket case. I know she’s not crazy, but I wish she would tell me what the problem is.
I got up and took a step toward her tent. I thought, maybe, just this once, she’ll open up to me. But I had already tried a million times to ask her personal questions, about why she’s so afraid, about her past. A million times I’ve been shut down. What would make this time different?
Instead I turned around and stamped the fire out. I went to our tent and found Eric already asleep. I lay down and tried to resign myself to the fact that Mom would never be completely open with us. I wondered if she really was just too terrified of whatever it is or if she just doesn’t trust us enough. I eventually drifted off into an uneasy sleep.
Chapter 4
CEARO
The next gate had intelligent Seelie. Only two came here, one to go through, the other to stand guard. I watched them to be sure. The former came back after only minutes. He clutched the arm of an old, sickly human.
“That was quick,” Guard noted.
“He was living in a hovel in the middle of the woods. Practically set out on a platter for us,” Captor muttered. Both the Seelie chuckled, but the human failed to notice the dark undertone. The human was staring in wonder at this new world and thanking his captor profusely. He must not know yet.
Captor detached himself from the human and stood in front of him to gain his attention. “Welcome, lost human,” Captor said, waving toward the castle with a flourish, “to your afterlife.”
Ah, that is what he thinks. Captor is an angel, or another analogous dream, come to escort his soul to heaven. I have seen human depictions of such things. Some of the Seelie do look the part. This one seems to be reveling in his role. His smile sparkled as the human continued to express his gratitude.
Guard snorted. “This will be a good one.”
The human turned to Guard, happy anticipation in his expression. “Oh, I’m sure it will be lovely,” he said, not realizing Guard had been talking to Captor about reality. “God’s home is beautiful already.” He gazed longingly at the castle, which was visible from the knoll they stood on.
I was no longer surprised by this reaction. When given this story, humans often failed to see the sharpness of the spires, the gloom covering the turrets, the impenetrability of the wall that would hold them here. It never lasted long though. Once encased within the Seelie Kingdom, he would see.
He would see that he is not dead.
He would see that death is an escape.
He would see that escape is difficult.
I watched Captor and Guard lead their prisoner toward the castle. I turned away. On to the next gate.
Chapter 5
DAVID
The next morning, Eric and I woke to the smell of breakfast cooking. We quickly changed and left our tent. The pancakes and bacon smelled delicious, but we were both hesitant to go over to Mom. She seemed calm and was going about business as usual, but looking more closely, I could tell she was sad. My guilt from last night renewed, I carefully took a seat beside her. Eric, probably not wanting me to get mad at him again, followed my lead. We ate in awkward silence, since none of us seemed to know how to start.
When breakfast was done and everything was clean and put away, Mom surprised us by saying, “Okay, are we ready to meet this Boden?”
Eric and I both froze and tried to figure out if she was serious. Eric was the first to respond with, “Uh, are you sure?”
“Of course I’m sure. Let’s find him and see that trail he talked about,” she said. I thought I heard her mutter “I’m not a lunatic” under her breath and realized she was probably doing this just to prove to us that she could do it without another freak out.
That was enough for Eric though, who immediately took off in the direction of the river. I watched Mom sigh and start after him. We followed him slowly and when we got to the river, we found him waiting for us to catch up. He was tapping his foot, but I think it was more out of excitement to get there than impatience. Still, I gave him a look to say ‘stop before you ruin this for all of us.’ Mom had agreed to go and I didn’t want to ruin it by rushing her. He seemed to get the point and walked slower as we crossed the river and started down the bank.
We spotted some footprints about a half mile down and figured this was where Boden had been fishing the day before. We turned toward the trees and headed straight in, hoping it was a straight shot from the river to his camp.
This side of the river was pretty much the same as our side, only there were fewer camping sites. We didn’t come across any other people or see any sign of them. It was quieter here, definitely more peaceful as Boden had said. A few minutes later we found what we assumed was his camp, but it was deserted. The only thing indicating someone had been there were holes in the ground from the tent stakes and ashes still warm in a fire pit.
“Looks like we just missed him,” I said. I yelled his name but didn’t get a response. Mom was turning in a slow circle, taking in our surroundings. She had started to act nervous again but hadn’t gone full blown paranoid yet. I could tell she was walking a thin line though, so I was about to suggest we head back and see if he comes back tomorrow.
But, of course, Eric chose that moment to exclaim, “Hey, I found the trail!” Sighing, I went over to him and Mom followed. “He was right. It was a little hard to see from the camp, but here it’s obvious.”
Mom turned in a circle again. Seeing her hesitation, I tried to say as gently as possible, “What do you think, Mom? Do you want to keep going?”
“I don’t kn — ”
“Let’s go, it’s perfectly clear,” Eric interrupted. I turned back to Mom, who still didn’t appear decided. I opened my mouth to ask again, but before I could get it out, Eric took off on the trail fast enough that we had to jog to catch up to him.
“Wait, Eric,” I called, exasperated.
“Come on, the path isn’t hard to see,” he said, barely turning his head. “Maybe we’ll catch up to Boden.” I watched Mom force her expression to relax before we went after him. She was trying to be okay with this, and hopefully her mood would become genuinely pleasant before long. Once she’s past the fear, she really enjoys hiking, and I could tell she would like this one as long as her anxiety was kept at bay.
The path was clear as Eric had said, and brightly lit, since the trees on either side were far enough apart that they didn’t create a canopy. I could hear several birds singing and I enjoyed the soundtrack as I ambled along. There were several clusters of wildflowers on the sides, and I saw Mom stop at many of them to take pictures of the colorful blooms. I thought this was probably where she got a lot of her inspiration for her frosting blossoms. A few times, she would lift them up for a better angle and I could swear that when she touched them they got even brighter. One was such a dazzling orange that even I stopped to examine it.
“How do you do that?” I asked her, as I leaned over the flower.
“Do what?” she said, turning to me.
“Make them brighter.”
“I didn’t do anything to it. Maybe when I let go of it, it settled at a different angle so the sun is making it seem brighter.”
The other flowers near the one she had touched were nice but looked just a little wilted. This one, though, was perfect. It was healthy, standing tall, and didn’t seem the least bit parched. “I don’t think so. It’s healthier than the others. How’d you do it?”
She huffed and tapped her foot impatiently. “I didn’t do anything. How could I have made it healthier, anyway? It must have been that way before and you just didn’t notice.” She walked away before I could respond. She had a point, but I still could’ve sworn the flower had changed. I decided to drop it in favor of what I hoped would be a safer topic.
“So are these flowers where you get your inspiration from?” I asked as I caught up to her. “There was a yellow one a ways back that I thought I recognized from your cupcakes last week.”
“Sure. I’ve always loved flowers, their rich colors, their delicacy. They’re a staple for decorations, of course, but recreating a specific one adds a certain uniqueness. That’s why I take pictures of the best ones.”
“The cake you did the other day definitely had that feel. It was impressive. You must have a huge stash of pictures to work from.” I hadn’t meant anything serious by that comment, but Mom’s expression flickered into a frown for a moment. Wanting to make it better, I said, “And the fairy was beautiful too. She looked so lifelike that I think I dreamed about her that night.” This too had the opposite effect from what I’d intended. Mom’s eyes widened for a moment like she was scared. She quickly hid it, but I was getting more and more weirded out by her odd reactions.
Eric had been out of sight for a while, so I wanted to get to the bottom of it now, while we were alone. “Mom, why are you so much more anxious than usual? It’s never lasted this long before and it seems connected to the most random stuff. What’s going on with you?”
“It’s nothing.” I bent over so I was at eye level with her and got in her face a bit. She couldn’t escape. I stared, eyebrows raised. When it sunk in that I wasn’t giving up so easily this time she said, “I know you and your brother think I’m nuts but I’m just worried about you.”
“Yeah, but there’s normal worried-about-your-kids, then there’s you. Whole other level,” I countered. What do you think is going to happen?”
“You could get lost. Something could hurt you.”
“Mom, we’ve been doing this long enough that we do know the basics of finding our way. And as far as something hurting us, you’ve really got to get a handle on this mountain lion thing. It’s not like they’re overrunning the place.”
She sighed, unsure of what to say. We continued for a few minutes in silence, around a bend with a cluster of gorgeous orange and red flowers that reminded me of the sun. She didn’t stop to take pictures, though. She didn’t seem to notice them at all, since she was still stuck in her head. I didn’t stop her because I wanted to her to figure it out and answer me. Finally she responded, “I just didn’t want you two to get hurt. Where I come from it’s dangerous to wander too far.”
“We have common sense. We always keep track the time and where we are. And we don’t take candy from strangers in windowless vans,” I joked, lightly jabbing her with my elbow. This earned me a brief smile.
“I know that. It’s just that sometimes that isn’t enough,” she said, back to being serious.
“Where are you from exactly? England isn’t that different from the States. What makes your town so scary?”
She looked at me oddly and I couldn’t figure out what it meant. Did she think it was weird that I still had to ask where she was from after all these years? It’s not like she ever told us specifics. I didn’t know the name of the town, what part of the country it was in, nothing. I didn’t know if she realized how close-mouthed she’d been, so I said, “You know you can tell me about this, right? I want to know about these things, but you don’t seem to trust me, your son.”
I think it finally struck her and she looked away guiltily. “I’m sorry if I’ve made you feel that way. I trust you, but…I don’t like thinking about it long enough to talk about it…. It was a small town set in a meadow, surrounded by woods. This place actually reminds me of it a bit. I used to play out in the fields, and in the woods when I could get that far. The flowers there are still my favorites and there’s none like them anywhere else.”
I smiled as she reminisced. I tried to picture the place she was describing, imagined it covered with a rainbow of flowers like the ones on her cake and surrounded by old, knotted trees. This was the most I’d ever heard her speak of her mysterious home so I grabbed on. “It sounds amazing. It’d be great to grow up in such a picturesque place.”
“Yes, it was beautiful. It was the people that were the problem. They were very…different from the people here.”
“How so?”
She took a minute to mull it over. “It’s hard to describe. They had very different beliefs, I suppose. And you couldn’t trust them. I had to leave.”
We went around another bend and I realized the path had curved a lot in the time we’d been talking. Mom seemed to realize it too and started to pay more attention. “When did we last see Eric?” she asked.
“I don’t know, a long way back,” I answered. I called out his name. I didn’t hear a response, so we started jogging. “Crap, I hope we didn’t lose him.”
We both started yelling for him and a couple minutes later we finally heard, “Yeah, I’m up here!” It seemed to come from my right so I pulled to a stop, a little confused by the direction. I peered through the trees and glimpsed him standing among them. “The trail sort of does a 180 over there,” he pointed in the direction Mom and I had been headed. “Then it goes in here. Finally some shade,” he said happily, oblivious to our momentary panic.
“Stay there, we’ll come through,” Mom said.
“Okay. But hurry up, you slowpokes.”
We crashed through the foliage to meet him and went on together. The path had gotten narrower and a little dark, but it was still clear enough. We wandered for a while longer, not seeing anything interesting. There was a huge fallen tree that was being propped up by a still-living tree, and we walked under the arch they created. I thought it was kind of cool, like a forest-y Stonehenge, but no one else seemed to notice, so I didn’t mention it.
We stopped to eat and rest a mile or so later. Mom and Eric made some idle chatter, and she showed him some her flower pictures. It seemed our conversation about her home was over for now but I was happy to have gotten that far.
We continued on, and after about half an hour, we started seeing fog. It was strange. I didn’t think anything could cause fog here in midday during summer. It got weirder a few minutes later when it grew so thick we could only see a few yards in front of us. Mom stopped right in front of me, and her conversation with Eric came to an abrupt end as well. He paused to look back at her. She tilted her head to the side like she was listening to something. In the quiet, I realized I didn’t hear anything, not a single bird call or squirrel rustling about. That didn’t feel right.
“Are you coming?” he asked.
This spurred her into action. Her gaze moved wildly all around. “No. No, we have to go back. We have to go back now.”
Eric sighed at me, exasperated, thinking I had calmed her down while he was ahead of us. I thought I had too, so I was just as confused. I tried to put my hands on her shoulders to stop her. I got her to stay put, but I couldn’t get her to focus on me or the things I was saying in an attempt to calm her down. “Mom, look at me. It’s ok. Everyone’s fine. Let’s just relax for a second.”
“No. No, we need to go. We need to get out of this place. We need to — where’s Eric?” She froze. I looked around and sure enough Eric was gone. “Where is Eric?!” she yelled at me.
“Crap, he probably kept going and the fog — ”
She bolted after him. I ran after them both and vowed to beat the shit out of Eric when we found him. He could be so stupid sometimes. Following the sound of her panicked yells, I sprinted through the fog. When it suddenly became clear, I nearly tripped over my own feet in surprise. The fog behind me seemed like it was being held back by an invisible wall. Turning forward again, I looked out over a vast field.
The field was wet and muddy. Even though there were no trees covering us anymore, it was still dark. I had to look up at the sky to figure out why. It was night. How could it be night? We hadn’t been gone that long. When I last looked up, we were eating lunch and I could see the sun shining high in the sky through the trees. But the sky was black now, and the moon was out. I looked ahead again and saw a dense, dark forest on the other side of the field. The trees looked nothing like the ones in Yosemite. Instead of the usual straight, tall, green pines, these were all crooked, knotted, and almost appeared black in color.
Eric was running across the field toward this forest that looked as if it would eat him. Mom was catching up, yelling for him to stop. I ran on, slipping and sliding through the mud, only managing to catch up when Eric finally slowed down near the trees. He kept going toward it, as if fascinated by it instead of feeling the danger Mom and I clearly did.
“Eric, you come back here this instant!” Mom whisper-shouted. She stopped right at the trees, too terrified to go any further.
“Eric, come back. This place is — ” I was going to say ‘weird’ but I was cut off by a familiar voice.
“Guys, you made it! So glad you found the trail,” he said as he came into view. His green eyes seemed to glow in the dim light. They sent a different message than his jovial smile and cheery words. I heard Mom choke off a screech.
“Boden, hey! I thought I saw you back there. Glad we could catch up,” Eric said, still oblivious. What’s wrong with him?
All of a sudden, four more men appeared from the trees. They had weapons strapped all over their bodies and two carried chains. Their eyes glowed as well, one of them with blue and three red, like demons. They formed a half circle surrounding us and Eric finally seemed to understand that something was very wrong.
“Uh, Boden?” His voice shook.
“Oh, there was no need to worry about catching up. Once I met up with my friends here, we decided we’d wait up for you.”
They closed in on us.
Chapter 6
CEARO
Another gate, no new kills. They were new, but they had been taught the rules. Grab your humans. Leave no indication of your presence. Simple.
I flew through the trees to the next.
Thirsty. Take a break, Cearo.
I stopped. Turned in the direction of the river.
No, Cearo.
There was a tiny pond right here. I climbed down for a drink. I climbed straight back up the moment I finished.
I rested in the branches. Boden’s troop was at the next gate. They knew the rules. They had been the heroes of the Seelie for years. No reason to worry over them.
I pulled out my book. I started a new sketch of The River. Not the river. The River. I had drawn it infinite times, but I was never satisfied. I remembered it perfectly, or I thought I did, but my drawings all seemed to be lacking that one ripple in the water or that last blade of grass on the bank.
That was not true. I drew every detail precisely. Except one. I usually left the most important piece out because I have found that when I include it, I let hours go by with my pencil and eyes on the page and lose track of all else. The last time I drew him I started at sunrise and the moon was halfway across the night sky when I looked up.
Those lost days are a relief at times. I rarely want to be present anymore. But who would watch over the fae if I did not? I had to stay.
That was not true either. The fae would not police themselves, but the truth was I cared little about that. I stayed because I had failed at leaving. I stayed and hoped he would come.
I drew The River. I worked meticulously on a single patch of reeds. They were an important element in the scene. If you were to fish in The River, you would stand in those reeds so the fish do not see you. There were hundreds of stalks. I included each one.
I moved on to the water in front of the reeds. It flowed and changed constantly, but I recalled a specific pattern in the ripples. Once again, I included every ripple, every bubble. There had been four fish visible through the water. Their bodies shined, reflecting the sunlight. If you were to fish in The River, you should be sure the sun is in front of you so your shadow is thrown to the bank rather than onto the water.
I started on the bank behind the reeds. I drew a set of footprints coming up to the reeds. It would be my only concession to him. I did not have to time to lose myself now, as tempting as it always is. They were average-sized prints. They were slim because of the high arches of the feet that made them. They were spaced evenly and fairly closely due to the careful, small, slow strides into the river. They would look like any other footprints to any other viewer. But they were not.
My water element jumped. Not literally, as it was in me, a part of me, and I was still. But that is the only way I could describe the feeling.
Calm down, Water. He is not here.
Water jumped again.
Calm down, Water. It is a drawing. Of his footprints, not even him.
Water threw itself against me, nearly sending me flying out of the tree. I grabbed onto the trunk with one hand and held on tightly to my book with the other. Water continued to thrash inside me. My breath shook. Each lurch was in one direction only. I oriented myself there…toward Boden’s gate. Water wanted to go there. Badly. Everything stilled for a fraction of a second.
I will come back for you, said that long ago memory.
No.
Chapter 7
DAVID
I started running toward Mom, intending to put myself between her and our attackers, but she pushed me back and ran for Eric. She grabbed him just before the blue-eyed man could and practically threw him toward me. Blue-eyes grabbed her instead and she tried to shake him off by punching him with her free arm. His grip slipped for a second, long enough for her to get free but not away.
The red-eyed men were coming closer and trying to form a complete circle around us but there was still an opening in the direction we had come from. As I was deciding whether to run or go to help Mom, the weirdest stuff started happening. The ground rolled. It was like a wave, only with solid earth rather than water. It seemed to emanate from Mom and move out in a circle from her. It somehow skipped Eric and me, but all the men were knocked down. She turned to us, running, motioning for us to do the same. I was so confused, I barely registered her green eyes glowing just like Boden’s.
“Run now, ask later,” she yelled, yanking us with her.
Behind us, I heard Boden curse and order the men to get up and go after us. “She’s fae! Don’t let her get away, you idiots!” he shouted. The ground moved again, but this time it created a large hill right in front of us. Mom moved her arm as if pushing it down and it flattened. The ground shook again, but no more hills were created.
And then suddenly, a hill seemed like an easy matter to deal with as a fire roared to life in front of us. It quickly grew up and out, creating a wall that blocked us from moving forward. When we turned to the right, the flames cut in that direction, blocking us again. The same thing happened on the left. We were forced to turn and face our pursuers, who were closing in once more. Mom looked back at the fire and appeared to concentrate intensely. Dirt started flying at the fire but it didn’t smother enough to make even a small opening. The fire was too large and too powerful.
The heat was unbearable. I felt like my skin was going to melt off. Smoke was stinging my lungs. There had to be a way out. I tried stepping closer to the wall of flame anytime it seemed to die down a bit, but it was wishful thinking. It never weakened. And we ran out of time.
The men had reached us and Boden stepped forward. He had his eyes set on Mom. I stepped in front of her and Eric did the same. This didn’t seem to intimidate him much though because he glanced at us and grinned before settling his gaze back on Mom.
“What kind of fairy are you, helping humans?” he said with both condescension and genuine curiosity layering his voice.
“Let us go. These ones are mine. What I do with them is none of your business,” Mom responded, sounding more confident than I think she was.
“I’m afraid it is my business. You see, I was assigned to this gate. You were not authorized to use it. I will give you this; it is impressive that you got through to the human world without alerting me.” Human world. Yeah, he specifically said human world. As opposed to what? And earlier he called Mom a fairy. This didn’t seem like a joke, but I didn’t know what else it could be. A nightmare maybe? Maybe I was still asleep and my subconscious was coming up with all this as a way to explain Mom’s bizarre behavior. I prayed I was dreaming, but pinching myself didn’t work. Boden just kept on going with his nonsense. “However, you did violate our laws, and so I must bring you back for your sentence. Furthermore, I got these humans here by order of the king, thus they are the property of the king. Now,” he said as he motioned over the man carrying the chains, “are you going to make this easy or difficult?”
Before any of us could answer, the red-eyed men lunged for us. I tried shaking mine off. I thought it’d be easy since they were as small as Boden, but of course that too was wishful thinking. His grasp on my arm burned as hot as the ovens at the bakery and I knew I’d have a new scar to add to my collection. I heard Eric gasp as well. I wanted to kill these bastards for hurting my little brother.
“Please stop,” Mom pleaded with them. She reached for Eric, but her captor held tight.
“I already explained it. I’m not going to change my mind,” Boden replied in a bored voice. “Besides, I’m sure this is nothing compared to the royal treatment.” His sarcastic tone made it clear that we were not in for anything glamorous. Having already chained Eric and Mom, they forced a third set of cuffs on my wrists. They were heavy and rough.
The sky opened up out of nowhere, raining heavily for a few moments and putting out the fire that had blazed around us. That was very convenient timing. I had to start making a little sense of this situation. I tried to imagine explaining this to Sid. So there was this little dude who talked us into walking through a…a what? A rip in the space-time continuum? Oh God, this sounded ridiculous already. Then he and his bros with super creepy eyes started chasing us. They can make the ground move and start gigantic fires out of nowhere and make it rain when they’re done with the fire. Oh, and I guess my mom can do some of this stuff too. Yeah, that sounded totally sane.
The fire taken care of, they started dragging us toward the forest. Eric and I walked in stunned silence, while Mom’s was more defeated. Eric and I both kept glancing at her like she would explain that this was some elaborate hoax, but she wouldn’t meet our eyes. She looked like she might cry. Part of me felt bad about that, but a bigger part of me wanted to know what was going on. So far, all I had come up with was that these people could control things they shouldn’t be able to control, based on their eye color? But that was ridiculous. No one really has superpowers. Magic isn’t real. There had to be some normal explanation for all these impossible things. I wondered if I’d get the chance to ask.
The forest was just as creepy on the inside as the outside. Hardly any moonlight made it through the trees. The whole place seemed to be made of shadows. There were noises too. I’d never been afraid of wildlife before, but I nearly jumped every time I heard something skittering around here. For all I knew, the animals in this forest had superpowers too.
I guess Boden was used to it because he started questioning Mom. “So tell me, how did you get through the gate?” He waited for her to answer, but she just kept staring at the ground. “Alright, why are you protecting humans? You know that is very offensive to our kind.” She didn’t answer this question either. I wondered what he meant by it being offensive to help us. Why would helping anybody be offensive? “You are not much of a conversationalist. I don’t remember ever seeing you around. Is it because you rarely speak?”
“Maybe she’s UnSeelie,” one of the others chimed in. This made them chuckle.
“Well, that would add an interesting twist. Are you UnSeelie?” Boden continued. Mom clearly wasn’t going to be answering anything, so I stopped listening. His strange questions just confused me more.
I started thinking about escape plans instead. My restraints were tight around my wrists, so there was no getting them off. The cuffs were connected by about a foot of chain though, so I could still move my arms for the most part. I looked around, but I couldn’t see much in the dark. Since I was in the back, I was hoping to escape notice while I found something I could use as a weapon. I didn’t know what though. If I could get a large rock, I could probably lob it at one of them hard enough to knock him out, but that would still leave four more. I highly doubted I’d be able to break a sizeable branch off without anyone hearing. Those were the only things around, though. If only I had a superpower. If I could make fire like them, I’d just incinerate them all. Desperate, I tested it, but nothing.
I looked up, begging God, or maybe it was only the inanimate sky up there, for some way out of this. Just as I started to bring my head back down, something moved in the corner of my eye. For some reason, I didn’t think it was an animal. I looked to everyone else to see whether they noticed it. They hadn’t, but I felt like I was being watched. I slowly turned back toward whatever I had seen. I expected to see nothing. Either I was imagining it or it would hide from me. But that was not what I got.
Moving silently through the trees was a girl. She had yellow eyes as bright as the sun and hair as dark as the night sky during a new moon. Her skin was pale and should’ve stood out against the darkness, but she seemed to be shrouded in shadows. She blended in with the trees perfectly. If it weren’t for the eyes, you’d never notice her up there.
I was so startled, I really did jump that time. My chains rattled and one of the men looked back at me, smirking. “Afraid of monsters, human?” he taunted. “You should be.” When he turned back around, Mom finally looked at me. Her expression asked if I was okay and I nodded my head toward the girl. Mom looked, but I could tell she saw nothing. When she was focused on me again, I just shook my head. She mouthed ‘I’m sorry’ before her gaze fell back to the ground.
I turned back to the trees, wondering where the girl had gone. She immediately stepped out from behind a trunk, onto a branch again. She put a finger to her lips telling me to be quiet. This time I was. I’d seen her before…where? I dug through my mind. An image came to me. She looked just like the fairy from the cake Mom had made right before the trip. The only difference was this girl didn’t have wings. She moved through the trees as if she could fly though. Maybe the wings were metaphorical. But I was getting ahead of myself. Mom hadn’t seen her a minute ago, let alone when she had been making that cake.
I mouthed ‘who are you?’ but she didn’t answer. She was just staring at me. Occasionally, her eyes would flick to the others for a moment, but it always came back to me. I wondered if I had some embarrassing wardrobe malfunction going on. I almost checked to see if my zipper was down but then chided myself for being stupid. Some beautiful girl stares at me and I suddenly forget the life and death situation at hand. Stupid. This time I mouthed ‘help us,’ but I still got no reply.
She followed us for a long time. I kept glancing at her periodically to see if she was still there. She always was, although she never said a word. She somehow managed to avoid being seen by everyone else, which was quite a feat. Whenever someone glanced back, she’d hide. I caught her jumping over the path or zooming ahead a few times, but she moved in such utter silence that no one else noticed her.
We trudged through the forest for so long that my feet had passed aching and were now just numb. I could see the sky graying through the trees, announcing the sun was on its way. Up ahead, I saw what looked like a break in the trees and I thought maybe we’d finally reached our destination. I was both relieved and terrified of what that would mean for us.
I looked back at the girl, wondering if she’d show herself once we reached open land. She was looking ahead, her expression one of resolution. Then she focused on me again, those eyes searing into me. Her lips just barely moved, and I heard faintly on a breeze, “I will come back for you.” Not sure whether what I’d heard was even real, I was crushed when she turned and ran through the trees, away from me.
I didn’t want her to go. She could’ve helped us escape. And for some reason, I had been comforted by her presence. She was familiar, not just from the cake, but somewhere in the back of my mind I felt like I knew her.
It was too late now. She was gone, and it didn’t look like we were getting out of here. We were close enough to the opening in the trees now that I could make out what was on the other side. Well, sort of. All I could see was a massive stone wall. It took up the entire field of view from within the forest.
When we finally made it out of the trees, I confirmed the unlikelihood of escape. Towering over us was an enormous wall surrounding a foreboding castle straight out of a Halloween story. I could just imagine the bats and the lightning that should go with it. It matched my first impression of the forest, so it was a good choice to build it here if they were going for scary. The forest came right up to the wall and would probably make those creepy scratching noises on a windy night.
We turned left and made our way along the wall. Soon we had passed the castle, and I could hear activity on the other side. It sounded like there was a small town right outside the castle. It sounded normal, just people having regular conversations, until I focused on what they were actually saying. I heard things like, “What do you think they’ll do to the new humans?” and “I hope there will be public torturing this time.” What?! Are all of these people insane?! My breathing sped up until I was hyperventilating. I had to make a conscious effort to get it back to normal. Passing out would not help me right now.
We turned at a corner of the wall and a door came into view. I glanced nervously at Mom and Eric to see how they were taking all of this. Mom was silently crying, head still down. Eric appeared as terrified as I was.
Before we got to the door, Eric stopped in his tracks. The man who’d been pulling us along turned to peer at him and tugged on the chains to try to get him moving again, but he wouldn’t budge. He was staring wide-eyed at the doorway like it the was the gateway to Hell. Maybe it was. They should add a sign. In a last ditch effort to escape, Eric swung his fists at the man and started sprinting into the forest. Mom and I hadn’t caught on to his plan though, so the chains pulled and almost knocked us over. We didn’t get very far. The other men quickly caught the chains again and dragged us back. The one who Eric had punched grabbed him by the neck and started choking him. Horrifying smoke rose from Eric’s neck as he attempted to scream.
“Knock it off,” Boden interjected. “We don’t get paid if they’re already dead.”
Eric dropped to the ground. His neck had ugly, hand-shaped welts on it. Mom and I hurried over to him, but there wasn’t anything we could do but pick him up and keep moving as they dragged us forward again.
Boden opened the door and we filed through. As we entered the tiny town, every head turned our way. From their conversations, I had expected their creepy smiles, but it was still unnerving. I took a page from Mom’s book and faced down. We walked down what I guessed was the main road. It probably could’ve been done in five minutes, but Boden set such a slow pace that it took more like twenty. Or maybe it just felt that way because the whole time the crowd lining the street grew, and everyone was staring at us with cruel smirks on their faces.
There was something wrong with all these people. Their delight in cruelty was weirder than the superpowers.
We made it to the castle and were led to a door in one of the towers. Boden said something about collecting his payment and handed us off to a pair of guards. “Oh, and this one,” he pointed to Mom, “she’s an earth fairy. How’s that for a surprise?” He laughed while the guards studied us, confused by Mom’s status.
“Why is she to be imprisoned? Is she UnSeelie?” one of the guards asked.
“Don’t know. She did try to help the humans escape. Worry not, I will inform the King of her treachery. Just make sure you deal with her appropriately.”
The guards nodded as Boden bounded off to the castle’s main entrance. They pushed us into the tower. It was dank and disgusting inside. The walls were slick with moisture from who-knows-what, cobwebs clung to the bars of the staircase railings, and the floor wasn’t even visible through the layer of grime.
“Up,” a guard commanded.
We ascended the staircase, prodded along by swords whenever our tired bodies gave out for a moment. Castle towers always look so cool in movies, but actually climbing one sucks. Maybe this was our torture, having to hike all night long with no breaks, then climb an endless staircase. Each time we hit a landing I prayed this was our stop, but each time we were steered up another daunting flight.
At the top, I saw the bats that I had predicted hanging on the rafters. We went through a door into a curving hallway with cells lining both sides. The guards shoved us into one and attached the ends of our chains to a side wall. They closed the cell with a clang and left without a word.
The three of us collapsed. We were all exhausted and terrified and confused. Actually, confused was could only describe Eric and me. We were finally alone, so I turned to Mom and asked, “So you’re not from England, are you?”
Chapter 8
CEARO
I ran. Through the trees, barely touching the branches, fluttering the leaves in my wake. This was the fastest I had moved in my too long life.
I ran as if my life depended on it. And if Water was right, then it would. I vowed it.
I tried to halt. I had to swing around a trunk to let off the momentum I carried. I stood on a branch only feet from the edge of the forest. Any further, I would give myself away.
The air near the gate was damp. It had rained. Water had felt it. Water had also felt him. I watched the water fairy in Boden’s group for reaction, but he gave none. Maybe his Water was different. Mine had chosen me, whereas his had been born into him. Mine was old. His was a baby. It probably did not know what to make of this strange human.
This strange human. He was strange. He was not the man who left his footprints on my drawings. His hair was shorter, less wild. It was brown, but more like the dirt high on the river’s banks than the mud at the waterline. He was pale. I never colored my sketches, but if I had, I would have used a darker tone, a result of hours of fishing in the sunshine. He was shorter. The man I drew was not exceedingly tall, but this man was the size of a fairy.
I had allowed a quick glance at the fairy with him. Not Boden and his group, but the one chained like a captured human. It was Willa. I had been right all those years ago.
My gaze had moved back to Strange Human. He was the size of a fairy because he was a fairy. Or likely half fairy. I wondered if he carried earth then. I was answered a moment later. He turned to me. Our gazes collided.
“Who are you?” he called, gazing up at me from the roots of my tree.
How had he known I was here? I needed to leave. My feet stayed attached to this branch.
“You will not tell me?” he said. He waited. I did not move. He nodded. “Alright. Would you like to learn to fish?”
The memory came and went in an instant. It was enough. The rest of him may have looked different now, but the eyes were the same. Exactly the same.
I knew he would not remember. Willa did not remember. But it did not matter.
I followed them all the way to the castle. My mind was a hurricane of ideas and indecision. I let them be dragged inside the walls. Those walls were not quite as impenetrable to me. I stood just beyond the wall, high in a tree that no one would think to look for a rogue fairy in. I faced the tallest of the castle’s towers. I knew they were in there now for two reasons. One, I have spied on the Seelie for ages. Two, Water was still reaching for him.
Fine, Water. You want him? Go. But slowly.
I knew they were in the tower but I did not know which cell. Water did. I lifted a hand and let off a mist that seemed to know exactly the direction to take. It traveled directly to a small, barred window at the very top. An idea crystalized, and the storm in my head ceased. I had been there. I had been in every inch of that castle, unbeknownst to the Seelie. That particular cell, along with those next to it, had very rusty bars. The Seelie did not bother replacing them, as the height was enough to deter the humans from trying to escape through them. Some may eventually want to jump, but by the time they reached that point, they were too weak to get to the windows.
He would not reach that point. I would get him out. I had a plan. I had a goal. Time to move.
I jumped down from branch to branch until I hit the ground. I tensed. I was inside the wall. But that is not what made me nervous. Others fear the Seelie. I fear the ground. It was too far from the sky. I nudged Earth in my mind. Moving roots was too easy for it. It had a tendency to fall asleep. I hoped it was rested because it was going to work today. I took a deep breath to calm myself. Then I opened the ground underneath me before any of the Seelie glanced out their windows at me.
The air did not move down here. It was too still. I thought it must dislike being buried as much as I did. I created a tiny tornado on the tunnel floor just to see if I could.
You are in here for a reason, Cearo.
Right. Tunnelling was an excellent way of getting around secretly in the Seelie Kingdom. Not as excellent as my usual method of gliding in the rafters and clinging to the ceilings, but a human could not do that. No, tunnels would have to do. I needed to find a good path for him. I had a vague idea of how to pull this off.
It took only an hour to work out the kinks in the tunnel route. But it took several to figure out the wall. I had to push Earth to listen to me exactly. I was rusty and it was groggy, but this had to go perfectly. I hoped the Seelie had not touched him yet. I hoped for the Seelie’s sake.
Chapter 9
DAVID
“No, I’m not from England.” She sounded dead when she spoke. Like all the hope had been drained out of her. She didn’t continue. I knew she was just trying to figure out how to start, but I doubted we had a lot of time.
“You have to tell us everything.” I prodded, “Now.”
With a deep breath, she explained, “There is another world that connects to the human world by gates, the fae realm.”
She paused to let that sink in. Judging from Eric’s response, it didn’t. “Fae? Like fairies, tiny girls with wings? Mom, we stopped believing in bedtime stories a long time ago.”
“We don’t have wings,” Mom scoffed. “I’m sure you’ve both noticed the strange colors of people’s eyes?” We nodded, still skeptical. “It’s because we’re fae and our eye color denotes what element we can control. I can control earth, so they put us up here where I can’t reach it. Blue controls water, red controls fire, yellow controls air. Anyway, that’s not the point.” She paused again before murmuring, “I thought I left this all behind.”
She looked far away for a moment. I hesitated, but we needed her to come back. I said, “Well, we’re here now. Can you tell us where here is?”
It did the trick and she continued explaining, “Right, so this is the fae realm. There are gates between here and the human world. I had no idea that there was one in Yosemite, but there is one in England and a few others that I know of scattered around the world. All of the ones I know of are in rural areas, usually wooded.”
And a popular campsite in the rural, forested Yosemite would be the perfect place to hide and still get enough human traffic to be useful to these fairies. “So…you weren’t really afraid of mountain lions. You thought there could be one there.”
“I only knew for certain of the ones controlled by my people. The one we stumbled through isn’t one of them.” She was trembling, on the verge of hysterics. I scooted over to her. I couldn’t put an arm around her with my wrists bound so closely, so I just leaned into her and she did the same. “I’m so sorry, boys. I’m so sorry.”
“What’s going to happen to us?” Eric said in a daze. Mom let out a sob at his question. I was almost to the point of crying too, but the sound of people approaching silenced us.
The guards from earlier came around the curve, followed by a man in gaudy attire that matched the castle’s medieval style. He wore a cape that may or may not have been stained with blood; you wouldn’t be able to tell since the colors would match perfectly. The rest of his clothing was in deep jewel tones. The ensemble was topped with a gem-encrusted crown. This was clearly the king. Looking into his fiery, merciless red eyes, the same color as those of the men who’d burned us, I knew he would hurt us as horribly as everything had implied.
All three of us sucked in a breath as he took us in. Unexpectedly, so did he.
“What do we have here?” he said. “The UnSeelie princess has returned?” Eric and I both spun our heads to Mom. The guards were even shocked. Princess? “A little lost it seems,” he continued.
Mom stood so she was eye level with him. In an even, unbending voice, fit for the title he’d given her, she commanded, “Let these humans go. You may have me, but not them.”
He chuckled at her request. “Oh, no, but I want you all. Letting anyone go would be not be enjoyable at all. And you will do nothing because, as I’m sure you realize, up here you are very far from your precious earth. Now, I have a show to attend, but I will be back. Farewell, Princess.”
He turned around to look at the cell across from ours, which the guards had just opened. They grabbed hold of what I had thought was a pile of discarded clothes but was actually an emaciated man. Incredibly, he was not dead yet despite the obvious starvation. He muttered something unintelligible as they dragged him out of the cell and back through the hall. The heavy door slammed on their way out and the noise rang in the few seconds of silence before we were demanding more answers from Mom.
“Now you’re royalty?” I started.
“Please tell me you don’t rule over these nutjobs,” Eric chimed in.
“Tell the whole story this time.”
“Yeah, that was a pretty big detail.”
Mom sank back down to the floor and waited for us to shut up. Heaving a sigh, she told us, “I am the daughter of the King and Queen of the UnSeelie. But these aren’t my people. These are the Seelie. I have no power over them.” She slouched over, looking completely defeated. After she had a moment to gather herself, she said, “But I swear, I will find a way to get you two out of here.”
That didn’t do much for me. It seemed I was fresh out of hope. I didn’t really want to talk anymore, but Eric wasn’t done.
“But I thought the UnSeelie were the evil ones? That’s how it goes in all the folktales,” he said. I remembered that too, but the evidence was right in front of us. The Seelie were not our friends. Maybe all the fairies were evil besides Mom.
“Humans don’t understand,” she sighed. “The Seelie seem nice and charming when they’re trying to get the humans to follow them. Didn’t Boden seem nice? The humans never see danger until they’re already as good as dead.”
“What’s the difference then?” he asked.
“The UnSeelie don’t like humans either, but they don’t try to bring them here. They just want to be left alone. If a human causes trouble with an UnSeelie, the human will be killed right away.”
“So the UnSeelie got a reputation for being cold-blooded killers,” I said.
Mom nodded. “And the Seelie are sweet as candy.”
I didn’t care if Eric still didn’t get it. I wanted to get off this subject immediately. “How’d you end up in L.A.?” I asked.
“When I was young, I took an interest in humans — not in hurting them — just curiosity. I wanted to know what they were like and if they were really as bad as everyone told me. But the UnSeelie are supposed to be completely apathetic toward humans. I would have gotten in trouble for it eventually, so I ran away. I went through one of their gates to the human world. I ended up in England. I moved to the U.S. at the first chance I got in case anyone managed to follow me.”
“And then you met Dad,” I stated, figuring we probably knew the gist of it from there.
She paused. “And then I met Dad,” she confirmed.
“Did he know?”
“No. I never told anyone. I thought it would be too dangerous. And part of me wanted to forget. I wanted to belong in the human world. I rarely used my power, and I avoided talking or even thinking about this place.”
I sat back to absorb it all. Fairies were real. That thought alone was enough to send me reeling. They had powers over the elements. At least that proved I hadn’t been hallucinating. But shit…I couldn’t figure out a way that a human could go up against them. I couldn’t make walls of fire or the ground rise up in front of them. They’d beat me every time. I wished I could gamble for our freedom in a bake-off. I could win that.
That’s when it hit me that I would never go home again. A wave of homesickness rolled over me, making me nauseous. I’d never bake again, never sleep in my bed again, never see my friends again. I would miss Sid’s party. My hand jerked to my pocket and pulled out the paper that had been folded inside. I still had the flyer. It was crumpled and smudged, but it hadn’t gotten lost through this ordeal, not yet. I studied it through the watery haze my tears had created and wished that we hadn’t gotten lost either.
Mom noticed and tried to comfort me the same way I had her. Down below, the voices of the townspeople rose.
“We’re so stupid,” I choked out. “We should’ve listened to you and not gone on that stupid trail.” I was crying in earnest now, my tears pouring as hard as the rain from earlier.
“It’s ok,” she assured me. We all knew it was empty though. “I should’ve seen the signs and made us turn back.”
“How bad is it going to be?” Eric asked. Mom didn’t respond, but that was answer enough.
“Bad, Eric,” I spat at him. The last thing I wanted to hear was Mom’s stories of what the Seelie did to their human prisoners. I couldn’t understand why he did. “It’s going to be bad. Why do you want to know the specifics?”
“I just want to know what we’re in for,” he replied defensively.
“Why? It won’t help us,” I countered. It’s not like I could do anything to change it, and I didn’t think it was possible to prepare mentally. “I don’t want to think about this anymore.” I pulled my knees in and buried my face in my arms.
“David’s right,” Mom said before we could argue more. “I don’t know how long it will be before they come back, but let’s use the time we have to take a break from this. Why don’t you two try to get some sleep? I know you’re tired.”
She was right. We had both been running on nothing more than terror-induced adrenaline for hours. With identical sighs, Eric and I slid down the wall as far as the chains allowed. Trying to find a comfortable slouching position — not that there was one — I tried to also push all thoughts of this place away.
That was incredibly difficult when the screaming started. I realized it must’ve been the man whom the guards had retrieved. It was a scream of the worst, purest pain. I couldn’t imagine what they could be doing to elicit a sound like that from a person who had looked to be already half dead. I didn’t want to imagine it. And of course, the laughs and cheers of the townspeople rang right along with the man’s pain.
Eric tried singing to block the noise, this whole world, out and I tried to let his voice do the same for me. After a while, as the man’s screams tapered off to whimpers and finally nothing, we nearly succeeded. All I was left with was the image of the raven haired girl moving through the trees. I decided this thought could stay. I somehow found sleep with her words ‘I will come back for you’ drifting through my mind.
I woke to the sound of metal clanging against metal. My head shot up and I saw two new guards running their swords along the cell bars. The events of the day all came back to me at the sight of them. I curled back up, wanting to re-enter what had been a surprisingly peaceful sleep full of sweet bread and cakes and the girl. I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to force myself back to sleep. It didn’t work and only seemed to encourage the guards. They laughed hysterically at me. Mom shook me softly to get me to sit up and save what little dignity I had left. I doubt it worked. I rubbed my hands down my face. Water must have dripped onto me while I was asleep because my cheek felt wet. I’m sure I looked like I’d been crying as I wiped it off. The guards’ snickering confirmed it.
“Is it time?” I said quietly to Mom.
One of the guards answered instead. “So eager. We’re just supposed to watch you for now, but we could start the fun early if that’s what you want.” Terror must have showed in my face because he and his partner laughed even harder. I turned my body fully so that I had my back to them.
Eric looked like he had slept, but Mom had dark circles under her eyes. She obviously hadn’t found any rest here.
“Mom, maybe you should try to get some sleep now. I know they’re annoying,” I indicated the guards, “but you should rest too.”
“No, no, I can’t.”
“It’s okay. I’ll stay up,” I told her. She shook her head frantically. “Did we miss something when we were out?” Maybe the King came back to rub it in some more while Eric and I were asleep. He seemed like the kind of arrogant jackass that would do that.
“No, David, I just can’t.” I put my hand over hers to stop her trembling. “If I close my eyes, I’m going to see you getting hurt. I don’t want to picture it,” she whispered. I nodded. As much as I hated seeing her so exhausted, I couldn’t blame her for being afraid of nightmares right now. I had thought I would have one, and I felt lucky that I managed not to. Hers would probably be worse too, since she knew specifics.
“Well,” Eric broke in, “if we aren’t going to sleep anymore, then anyone have a plan yet?” I looked to see if the guards had heard that, but it seemed they’d lost interest in us. They were arguing about something, paying no attention to us.
“It’s very simple,” Mom stated. “When they take us out and we get to the bottom, I will distract them and you two will run like hell. Go through the village door and into the forest and don’t look back.”
“You expect us to leave you?” That wasn’t happening. I’d never leave anyone, especially her, here with these people.
“You will. I will get away if I can, but you two have to.” Eric and I both started to protest, but the guards quieted and glanced over at us, effectively cutting us off. When they lost interest again, Mom continued before we could. “You will have to find your way back to the gate. The forest is dangerous but I think the one we came through is the closest and it was a fairly straight shot.”
“Mom, this is ridiculous,” Eric said. “We are not leaving you here. Plus, we can’t get through the village, let alone the forest on our own.”
“He’s right. We have to all go together.”
She was already shaking her head. “I’m sorry, but I don’t see another way. I promise I will come if I can but I am going to give you the best chance I can no matter what I have to do.”
We went silent again when the guards stopped their arguing. They weren’t looking at us though. There was a commotion outside the hall, where the stairway was. They went to check it out, and we heard the door slam shut behind them.
As the noise in the stairway continued, I asked, “Do you think the King is coming?” Eric let out a string of curses that on any normal day would get him grounded, but Mom didn’t even seem to notice. She was staring in the direction of the door even though we couldn’t see it from around the bend.
The noise reached a climax when it sounded like all of the bats that had been sleeping in the rafters took off at once. We could hear their loud screeches and beating of their wings. The yelps of the guards could also be heard as they tried to shield themselves, I presume. One of them yelled for help but a few seconds later there was a faraway thump, followed by a squeal and a second thump.
“Holy shit, did they fall all the way down?” Eric asked.
Mom nodded, eyes wide, mouth agape. “They’re dead.” So simply stated. That scared me a little, but a bigger part of me was just relieved they were gone.
“But how? Who would kill them?”
I knew the answer to his last question a minute later. It hadn’t been the King on his way to taunt us or chauffeur us to our deaths at all. The door to the hall let out the softest sound as it opened and closed. A shadow in the hall came closer and the girl with dark hair and shining yellow eyes followed a moment later.
She held a set of keys in her hand. She had come back for us. 
Chapter 10
CEARO
I had it figured out. Finally. Our path was not a straight shot, but that would work in our favor. It would be much less obvious if anyone followed. Not that anyone would follow. I would not let them.
Getting over the wall would be risky, but I thought it would work. Earth seemed happy to be useful again. The place I had chosen was surrounded by houses, but they were deserted for now. The Seelie had all gathered at the front of the castle for one of their despicable shows. I checked and it was not him. It would have turned into a massacre had it been. They had brought out the last human left from last season for a final display. This human would make a different sort of escape today.
I triple-checked the houses anyway before running and leaping over them to get to the castle. I put my back to the wall, far below but directly underneath his window. I inched toward the corner around which the Seelie were cheering. I peeked at them. As expected, they were riveted. Not a single one noticed my slow movements in the shadows.
The guards were just as engrossed in the show as the crowd. I considered letting them be, but if they were true guards at all, they would notice the noise that would be coming from their tower shortly. That would not do.
I slipped behind them and through the door, brushing them lightly as I passed. They turned, but the door was already closing before they got a good look at me. They glimpsed only my hand disappearing into the tower that they were supposed to be blocking. They followed me in to retrieve me.
“Miss, you are not supposed to be in here,” one guard said. I had disappeared under the stairwell. “Miss?”
“Let us escort you back to the show,” Guard Two offered. “I’m sure the finale will be a spectacle you won’t want to miss.”
The door clanged shut. I stepped out from under the stairs and smiled at the guards. A smile should set a person at ease. But not mine. My smile is vicious and creepy. It is the result of rarely smiling, of finding my only moments of contentment in my enemies’ deaths. They were holding him prisoner. They were now my enemies. And as I started toward them, they seemed to become aware of that fact.
One of them turned to run. In his haste, he forgot to open the door. He slammed against it and fell to the floor. I was mildly impressed that he didn’t allow himself to stay stunned for more than a second. He scrabbled on the floor, but I was on him before he regained his footing. Roots shot up from the ground to wrap around his limbs. I stole his dagger. I slit his throat before he found his voice to scream.
I let him drop, and the roots receded. I turned to his partner. He had been staring, petrified, the whole time. Some guard. Not as impressive as the other. He was not even trying. His whole body shook, and so did his voice as he stuttered out, “Y-you’re the girl from the stories.”
It was not a question, so I did not answer. I took a moment, since I clearly had plenty, to wonder how he knew. Were my eyes flickering to give me away? Or was he smart enough to have deduced it? I strode up to him, got close enough to see my reflection in his wide, horrified eyes. It was the former.
“P-please don’t kill me. I didn’t do anything. I won’t say anything.”
I could have explained. I could have told him that he had not broken the rules of his role, but I was breaking mine. I could have told him that everyone has something they were willing to break the rules for. I could have told him that he was between me and my something.
Instead, I slashed his throat. He died quickly. I burned the bodies and scattered the ashes out a tiny window with a breeze. It was like they had never existed.
I climbed the stairs. The topmost landing was empty. I assumed the next set of guards were inside the prison hall. They were probably taunting him. My grip around the stolen dagger tightened.
I hit it against the door, the walls, the floor. It clanged loud enough to draw the guards out. Perfect.
“What — ” He did not finish.
I sent a burst of sparks straight up. Hundreds of bats erupted from the rafters and swarmed us. The guards swatted at them. They flung their bodies wildly in their useless attempts to avoid the bats. I was completely still as I watched. Finally, one stepped too close to me. I had only to nudge him and he tipped over the edge of the stairs. His partner followed him shortly after I snatched his keys. The fall had likely killed them. I wanted to burn them for good measure, but I was less inclined to waste time.
The bats were clearing out. I let them be. The Seelie in front would probably think it was planned as part of their finale. It was a tragic accident that the guards, disoriented from the mass of flying bodies, had fallen down the stairwell.
I had a clear path to the door. I took a deep breath. I stepped carefully into the hall. It was quiet. You could hear the chaos of the bats outside but this room was perfectly still. I moved forward, holding my breath. His cell was right where I expected. He stared at me, his soft, brown eyes full of questions. I stared back, my body tense, my heart threatening to break out of my chest.
I would not despair over his imprisonment.
You will get him out now, Cearo.
I would not be despondent at his forgetfulness.
You knew it would be this way, Cearo.
I knew. I had prepared. But not nearly enough.
Chapter 11
DAVID
“Cearo!” Mom threw herself at the bars separating us from the girl. “Cearo, help. Please, help us.” Was that her name? How did Mom know her? The questions ran through my mind, but I couldn’t pull my focus away from her long enough to come up with answers. Her yellow eyes were trained on me. I couldn’t tell what she was thinking. Her face was carefully blank, but her rigid posture and clenched fists gave away that she was feeling something strong. I thought it might be sadness but I couldn’t say for sure.
After a few more pleas from Mom that went unanswered, she tore her gaze away from me and put it on Mom instead. Her expression wasn’t hard to read then. She looked down at Mom with anger and disdain. Her tone matched when she spoke in a low voice, “Why are you here, Willa?”
“One of the Seelie troops found us. Please, you have to get us out.”
“You should have stayed out.” She had stalked over to the bars and was staring down at Mom threateningly.
“I know…I know. I’m sorry. Please help us,” Mom begged. When that was met with silence, Mom sagged in defeat.
Cearo continued to watch, letting our last hopes be dashed. But then, after a minute, she unlocked the cell and came inside. Still angry, she looked at me and instructed, “When I free you, you will climb to that window.”
I noticed the small window near the ceiling of our cell. I didn’t think I could fit through the bars that covered it, and even if I could, we were several stories up so it wouldn’t do much good. But I nodded anyway.
“You will jump out of the window.”
What now? I wanted to argue that, but I couldn’t get my mouth to work. Hopefully my face said enough.
She continued on, ignoring my expression. “You will not scream as you fall. You will not make a sound. You will give no one a reason to investigate this side of the castle. At the bottom, you will land on soft ground. The ground will give and drop you into a tunnel where you will wait for me.” She stopped and gave me a moment to process all this, then unlocked the cuffs around my wrists, setting me free. However, I had no chance to enjoy the feeling before she pushed me over to the wall right below the window.
I couldn’t actually do this. I would die. Even if the ground was soft down there, we were high enough that it will feel like concrete. She stepped over to Eric, who also didn’t seem excited about this plan. He cowered away from her. 
She was unconcerned by that but seemed confused when she noticed I was still standing there. “Go,” she commanded as she grabbed hold of Eric’s cuffs.
“Go, David,” Mom said. “Trust her.”
I must have been insane, but I started climbing up anyway. I ended up with an arm through the window and my foot balancing on a tiny edge of a stone that was sticking out of the wall a little further than the rest. That was as far as I could get. The bars were really close together and my head wouldn’t fit through, let alone my whole body.
“I can’t get through this.”
“Pull the bars,” Cearo instructed. “They are rusted through.”
Red and orange flakes covered most of their surfaces and sure enough, when I pulled on them, they either broke into pieces or disintegrated completely. I looked back one more time for reassurance, and Mom nodded. Eric was pushed under me, and I expected Cearo to then go unlock Mom. She made no move to do so.
“Go,” she commanded again.
“Get her, and we’ll go,” I said, nodding toward Mom.
Cearo moved in front of her and Mom jumped up, ready to go. But Cearo stopped. Instead of freeing her, Cearo dropped the keys just out of Mom’s reach. “I helped free you once. This time you free yourself.” She turned back to me and gave her same command, “Go.”
I didn’t move. I didn’t understand why she would do this. “I can’t leave without her.”
“Me neither,” Eric said.
“You can, and you will,” she stated.
“No, we all go — ”
“Just go, David,” Mom told us, stretching out as far as possible to reach the keys. I could already see it was hopeless. From any angle they would be just an inch too far.
“We’re not leaving you.”
“Yes, you are. You too, Eric. I’ll figure this out. Go with Cearo.” Her gaze left no room for argument. She was still exhausted and upset by the turn of events but also determined. “She is the only one of them you can trust.”
This plan was crazy. On top of that, I had thought Cearo’s face was purposely blank, but maybe it was just empty. Was she really helping us? I didn’t know how I could trust her. But I must have on some level because with a deep breath, I closed my eyes and slid over the edge.
I had to know when I was going to hit, so I peeked. That was a big mistake. The ground was rushing toward me way too fast. I had to fight every instinct not to scream. I braced myself. I hit the ground shoulder first but to my surprise, it didn’t hurt anymore than maybe a football tackle. That was due to the ground immediately breaking apart when I hit it. The thin layer had slowed me slightly, so after I’d fallen another ten feet I landed lightly in soft, squishy mud. Thank God. I breathed deeply to clear my head.
I peered around. I was in a large hole. I tried to catch a glimpse of Eric to wave that it was alright, we’d live, but I didn’t get the chance. The ground above me shifted and the top layer reformed. I was sealed in. It was dark and a little claustrophobic in here, but I wouldn’t let myself worry. I just got out of the way so Eric could fall through.
The ground above broke apart and Eric dropped in. He landed with a grunt before hopping to his feet. He jumped in surprise when the ground reformed again. The darkness swallowed us. I heard Eric scuffling near the wall.
“I thought she said we’d land in a tunnel,” Eric said. “This is closed on all sides. How the hell do we get out?” His voice was panicked. He was patting along the sides, searching for a way out.
“She said to wait.” As long as I didn’t think about how I wanted to scream from the fall and from being buried alive in this small space, it was actually sort of amazing. I wondered how Cearo did it. Could Cearo control earth like Mom? But Mom said she was too far to do anything. And yellow is supposed to control air. Eric interrupted my thoughts.
“So? We don’t know her,” he shouted at me. “How do we know she isn’t going to do even worse shit to us? Like trapping us underground and leaving us to suffocate.”
“Dude, calm down. Everything else happened exactly like she said. Just trust her.”
“Trust her? She left Mom!”
“I know, I don’t like it either, but we don’t have a choice,” I shouted back. I took a deep breath. One of us had to be calm. Besides, I really did think she could get us out of here. If she could do this…and whatever she had done to the guards…. “Mom said to trust her. Let’s just follow her away from here and then we’ll come up with a plan.”
“That’d be easier if she were here. She’s gonna leave us buried.” But just as he said that, she came through and landed on her feet right beside him. Her eyes shined some light into the place — weird or cool? — as she looked at me with relief, followed by the same blankness as before. But there was one huge difference. Her eyes were green.
“Your eyes,” I began, my confusion evident. “How — ”
I didn’t get to finish. The wall of dirt behind me shook and crumbled. The cave was now extended in that direction. The dirt moved along the walls to the opposite side where it began piling up. Roots snaked inside the walls, helping it shift.
Cearo stepped forward before she was buried. “Move.” She was back to commanding us. I stepped toward the new space. She and Eric followed and the walls continued moving around us. The earth was forming a tunnel for us as we needed it. Amazement renewed.
Cearo prodded us on, with occasional directions when we needed to turn slightly. We picked up speed until we were running. I thought we must be under the forest by now. There wasn’t any way to tell though, until we came to a stone wall and I was proven wrong.
“What is this?” Eric asked as we came to an abrupt stop.
“The town wall,” Cearo stated. “It continues underground to prevent tunneling in and out.”
“So what now?”
“We go up. Be quiet and do exactly what I do.” The ground opened up over us, just enough so that we could fit through one at a time. A mound formed down here so we could crouch in the small space under the hole. Cearo peeked through. Deeming it safe, she silently climbed out. I stuck my head out in her place.
We were at a corner of the wall, in a narrow alley behind some thatched houses. No one was back here, but I could hear sounds from the town as people went about their business. The news of our escape must not have gotten out yet.
Cearo moved over to the wall where the branches of a huge tree were hanging over it. The longest branch began to grow down to where she was standing. She grabbed on when it reached her and it quickly shrunk back to its original length, hauling her the twenty feet up to the top of the wall. She disappeared over the edge and I knew it was my turn.
“Eric, I’m going. Watch me,” I told him before pulling myself out of the hole. I stepped over to the same spot and waited. How was I supposed to do this part? I couldn’t make a tree grow. But Cearo must have sensed I was there because the branch came down to me. I held on as it vaulted me over the wall.
“Shit,” I muttered, scrabbling for something to land on. I lost my grip and nearly fell down the other side, but Cearo grabbed me under my arms and pulled me onto a branch. She held on for half a second longer than necessary. I wondered what that meant. I didn’t mind though. Her touch sent sparks through me. It wasn’t the fire that our captors had forced through my arm. These sparks were entirely different. They were good, and I would be totally fine with it if they never stopped.
Sadly, they did fade when she slowly pulled away from me. I turned to face her. She took a deep breath as if she was also trying to calm herself after that touch. I wanted to say something, like thanks for saving my life, but those words didn’t come out. So of course that meant stupid ones would.
“Your hair is pretty,” I said. Really? That’s what I say to show gratitude for not letting me plummet to my death? I would’ve kicked myself had I not been stuck in this tree. She looked surprised and her hands went to her hair like she didn’t know how to take that. But then the blank mask fell over her face once more.
“Climb down,” she said, “carefully.”
“Are we sure that’s a good idea? I mean after…” I made a gesture indicating my almost-fall. “I’ve never been much of a tree climber,” I said, trying to laugh and lighten the mood.
“Yes, I can see that. I will not let you fall,” she responded. Her expression didn’t change, but I felt like that meant more than she let on. I felt safe and reassured.
As I started down, the branch that had brought us up reached down again, presumably to pick up Eric. His landing wasn’t very graceful either, but at least he was able to catch himself. He said nothing to Cearo, just swung himself down after me. We all managed to make it to the ground without injuring ourselves, but Eric and I couldn’t match Cearo’s silence. Every time we made a sound she’d shoot us death glares. The last drop from branch to ground was longer than any of the others and Eric and I both landed with muffled grunts, earning us the scariest glare of all. Cearo landed as if she’d just stepped off a stair. None of the crazy fairies snuck up on us though.
The forest here looked the same, but the view of the castle was different than when we were hauled in. The gate to the human world wasn’t on this side. Cearo led us straight into the forest anyway. We jogged to keep up with her, but Eric and I were still drained from yesterday, so we quickly slowed. Cearo had to double back to us when she realized how far behind we were.
“Hurry up. They must have realized you are gone by now. They will be looking for you,” she said.
“We can’t,” I got out between huffs.
“Why not?” she demanded.
“We’re tired. We walked for hours yesterday. We haven’t eaten in a day either.” I had to bend over to catch my breath. My legs were shaking, and I felt like I’d collapse any second. At the same time, my stomach let out a loud rumble. There was no way we were going on without food.
She let out a frustrated breath and reached into the pockets of her dress and pulled out something that she threw at us. “Hurry up.” She climbed a tree and scanned the area.
I picked up the object she’d thrown and realized it was a bundle of jerky. I gave Eric half, and we devoured it like we’d never had anything so delicious. When Cearo came back down, I asked through a mouthful, “Why are we going this way? Isn’t the gate to the human world on the other side of the village?”
“We’re not going to the gate.”
“What? Why?”
“We are going somewhere else. Now stop talking and focus on chewing that fast. We need to go.”
“How far is somewhere else?” Eric asked between bites.
“An hour and a half if we keep our previous pace. Hurry up.”
We started jogging after her again a few minutes later. We were still hungry, but we knew it had to wait. They were probably out searching for us already, so we needed to hide. Cearo ran like she knew exactly where she was going even though we weren’t following any discernible path.
After countless random twists and turns, she stopped only a few steps from a tree. The tree wasn’t anything special. To me, it looked just like every other tree around here. Cearo reached down and touched one of its roots. The tree rose up on its roots like a person might stand on his toes. It went just a couple of feet into the air, revealing an opening in the ground directly beneath its trunk.
After a moment of awe, I noticed her motioning for us to go through. The opening was just big enough to fit a person. The tunnel was so narrow that I had to army-crawl through it. I was a little claustrophobic to begin with, and this was downright suffocating. When I heard the tree shift back down, I knew she must be behind us now, so I asked, “Can’t you use your magic to make this a little wider?”
All I got in reply was, “No.” Liar, you just don’t want to, I thought. Oh well, deep breath. The upside to the too-narrow tunnel was I could feel the direction I had to go in. There was no light ahead to show me, so I kept a hand gliding along the wall the entire time.
The first part was a steep downward slant until it evened out maybe fifteen feet down. Then it straightened and suddenly there were no more walls for me to touch. I shimmied out of the tunnel with my arm stretched out before me and stood slowly, just in case the ceiling was lower than expected. I still couldn’t see anything, so I felt around for Eric. Then we stood there waiting for instruction.
“Where are we?” I asked Cearo.
I saw her once-again yellow eyes emerge and move away from me. Then a spark ignited and a torch lit the room. I thought I’d seen her eyes flicker red for a moment, but it was probably just a trick of the light from the flame. That’s what I wanted it to be. The red eyes some of these fairies had freaked me out a lot more than the other colors. She began to walk around the perimeter of the room lighting more torches. Oh wait, not a trick. I definitely saw red. I was relieved that they’d changed back to yellow by the time she faced us. Phew.
As the light grew, the room’s purpose became clear. Set far enough away from the walls, so as not to catch any extraneous sparks, were shelves weighed down by books. There must have been thousands. The room stretched on much farther than I would’ve guessed, and every shelf was so full they looked ready to collapse. When there was no more room on the shelves, the books were just piled on the ground, forming neat columns, then haphazard mountains as they went farther back.
“This is one of my libraries,” Cearo said.
“One of them? You have more?” Eric asked. Even the biggest bookworm would’ve been intimidated by the sheer number of books in this collection.
“It would not be wise to keep all of my information in one place,” Cearo replied.
I stepped closer to examine the nearest shelf. I found the oddest thing. This whole section seemed to be full of teen paranormal novels. These were regular books that you could find at any Barnes and Noble. Even Twilight was here. I held up one about pixies and asked, “Really?”
She seemed to understand my question because she explained, “I like to keep up to date with what humans think of us.” She pulled out a small, black book and turned away. Before she disappeared behind the stacks, she said, “We will stay here for now. Rest. I will get food soon.”
“Wait,” I said. She stopped but didn’t turn around. “Why did you take us here instead of the gate? And what about our mom? We have to go back for her.”
“They expect you to go to the gate. Your mother will have to find her own way out.”
“How is she supposed to do that? You left her chained up. And if by some miracle she does get out, how is she going to find us? Judging from the secret tree entrance, I assume you don’t mention this place to everyone.”
Cearo stayed quiet and frozen for a while. I didn’t think she was going to answer. I thought I’d finally shamed her and she realized how wrong it was to leave Mom like that. But then she looked over her shoulder at me and told me calmly, “If chains are enough to hold her there, then she is much weaker than I thought. As for this place, you are correct. No one other than me knows of its existence…except her.” She stalked off.
I turned to Eric and could see the skepticism on his face. “You really think Mom would be able to find this place?”
“I don’t know…I don’t know how she found it,” I said, referring to Cearo. “There was nothing distinguishing about the tree, and our path to it seemed totally random.”
“Then we have to go back and get her.” He waited for me to agree.
I shuffled my feet.
“Why not?” Eric demanded.
“If we go back, what if we get captured again? We’ll be back to square one. Or if we don’t get captured, where do we go from there? I sure as hell can’t find this place again.”
“We go to the gate.” He said it as if it was the most obvious answer in the world. And that was the problem. It was obvious. Too obvious.
“No, Cearo was right. That’s the first place they’re going to look for us.” I could tell he wasn’t happy with this. I wasn’t either, but we needed a better plan than just charging back blindly. “I’ll go find her. I’ll try to convince her to help us go back for Mom. You should rest while you can.” Eric turned to the books to find something to pass the time, while I went looking for Cearo.
I found her in a small alcove, scribbling furiously in that little book. I didn’t say anything, but she must have heard my soft steps. Her head shot up and her hand stilled. “Just wait,” she said. I knew she was talking about Mom even though I hadn’t asked yet.
“How am I supposed to wait?” I whispered.
“Just wait. Trust me.”
I did.
Chapter 12
CEARO
I could see his decision to take my word. I tried not to read into it.
I was not lying. Willa could get here if she tried. And she needed to try. I helped her escape the fae once and that should have been enough. She should have known better. She should not have returned here. Even with him. Especially with him.
I had spent years hoping to see him, but now that he has come…I do not want him here. It is a death sentence for humans. I will get him out. Things will return to normal, except I would know that he is alive and safe.
Yes, Cearo. That will be enough.
Lie.
He sat near me, and my thoughts slammed to a halt, all jumbling together. My hand made a messy line that was not supposed to be there. Water reached for him. It was calm now, content to be close to him, but always trying to lean closer.
He leaned closer. Unconscious response to Water? No, I caught him trying to see my book. I shifted away. He watched me. He did not look impatient, as if he was waiting for me to speak. He watched as if I was interesting. I wanted to do the same to him, but I had had my turn earlier. Now it would make him ask why and other things. I did not want him to ask questions. I did not know how to answer them yet.
Stop staring, I told both of us. He did not listen.
Chapter 13
DAVID
I sat down next to Cearo and tried to steal a glance at whatever she was doing, but she moved slightly to obscure my view.
“What are you writing?” I asked, trying the direct approach. She didn’t bother to answer. “How did you get all of these books?” Still no response, but her writing slowed. “There’s so many. Do you have a favorite?”
“It changes every hour,” she said, barely above a whisper. I smiled just for getting an answer out of her, even an unspecific one. I could relate though. I couldn’t pick a favorite cookie if my life depended on it. I thought about telling her that. Maybe if I told her something about me, something that wasn’t heavy, we could have an actual conversation.
Before I could continue, she stood abruptly and put the book in a pocket hidden in her dress. “I am going to find food.” She walked quickly back toward the entrance, while I sat back against the wall, disappointed. I wanted to figure her out, but she’s so cagey, even with small things. It was hopeless.
Eric came into the alcove a moment later. “Get anything out of her?”
“No. She’s going to get food. I’m gonna try to sleep for a while.” I lay down and pulled another pillow to me. At least this was more comfortable than the cell. Eric made himself comfortable also and opened up his chosen book. I was already asleep before I could read the title.
I woke to the ground rumbling above me. Eric was still across from me with his book. He didn’t seem too concerned, so I nipped my panic in the bud.
“Don’t worry. It happened when Cearo left. I think it’s the tree rising up. She must be back,” he informed me. I nodded and sat up. My stomach grumbled so loudly that Cearo could probably hear it from the tree. Hopefully, whatever food she got, she got a lot of it. I heard a faint set of footsteps coming closer to the alcove. A minute later, Eric and I were both shocked by who came in.
Mom was here. She was alive and she was here. Eric and I sprang up and ran to her, enveloping her in a hug tight enough to suffocate. “Thank God you boys are safe,” she gasped out.
“We’re fine. Are you hurt?” I asked. She shook her head and we hugged her again in relief.
“How’d you escape? How’d you find us?” Eric asked.
“Yeah, we didn’t even follow a path. How’d you know where to go?”
“Cearo’s brought me here before…kind of.” That seemed to remind her that Cearo should be here. “Where is she?”
“She left a little while ago to get food,” Eric told her.
“Oh, alright then.” It came out on a heavy breath and I finally noticed how tired she was.
“You should rest. We’ll talk later,” I said. Giving me a grateful look, she went to the back of the alcove where it was darker and collapsed on some pillows, already asleep. “Cearo was right again,” I whispered to Eric. “We just had to wait.” I didn’t know how she could have anticipated all of this, but I decided from now on I would never question Cearo’s judgment. We’d see how long that promise lasted.
Eric was still hesitant. “I don’t know. That was a lot to take on faith. She got lucky, guessing Mom could find a way out of the trap she left her in.”
“I don’t think she was lucky. I think she knew this would happen. She just didn’t explain it to us.”
“Well, I don’t like that either. I want explanations next time she makes us do something.”
“I doubt we’ll get any.”
“Then maybe Mom will be able to give us some.” I shrugged.
The ground shook again, softer this time, and Cearo reappeared a few minutes later. She carried a blanket fashioned into a sack filled with big, charred chunks of meat from some unidentifiable animal. I didn’t care what it was as long as it was edible. When she spotted Mom, she looked satisfied, not surprised in the least. After shooting Eric and me I-told-you-so looks, she spread the blanket out and motioned for us to have at it. She sat in her original spot and pulled her book out once more. I shrugged at Eric again, and we sat down to dig in.
“What is this?” Eric asked Cearo after we’d each taken a bite. This definitely wasn’t any animal I’d tasted before. It wasn’t bad though.
Cearo didn’t answer. I wasn’t surprised. Eric gave an exasperated sigh, but I guess his demand for explanations didn’t extend to food since he kept eating. I couldn’t blame him. It had been so long since we’d really eaten that this felt like a feast. We tore through it so fast, I had to make a conscious effort to stop and spare some for Mom.
We finished our meal in silence, since all we really wanted to talk about was sitting beside us. Talking about her strangeness right in front of her didn’t seem like a nice way to repay her for that. After all, Cearo did save us.
When we finished, Eric ended up taking a nap, so I stole his book and read for a while. It was a novel about evil pixies that kidnapped kids. They got the kidnapping part right, so I wondered what else was based on truth. I’d just gotten to a chapter called Mnemophobia when I noticed Mom was up. She came over and shook Eric awake.
“Do you feel better?” I asked her, handing her the meat I had set aside for her.
“Yes, sleep helped.” She took the food from me and seemed to recognize it. “And this should help too. You two already had some?”
“Yeah, there was plenty. What is it anyway?”
“Unicorn.”
We choked and gagged even though we were no longer eating. Eric stood and bent over. I thought he might actually throw up. Mom was still wolfing it down though like it was nothing. Like it was an everyday thing to be eating pretty-mythical-creature meat.
“Wha — what?” I said.
“Unicorn. Yes, they exist, and this kind is very common in the forest. Its meat will keep you going for much longer than regular food.”
Eric looked at the place our food had been before we devoured it like starving savages. He was horrified. “We just ate a cute, innocent unicorn?” It’s a good thing we didn’t have a little sister, because no little girl would ever speak to us again if she found out about this.
Cearo snorted almost like she was trying not to laugh. Weirder than unicorns, I thought.
“Don’t feel bad. They are nasty little things. They’ll rip you to shreds if they’re hungry,” Mom said.
We gaped at her, jaws nearly hitting the floor. “Unicorns eat people?” Mom nodded. “Unicorns? The pretty, magical horses with the horns on their heads?” Mom nodded again. “No way. Aren’t they supposed to be pure goodness?”
Cearo, having enough of our stupidity, came over to join the conversation. “They are known for their goodness because of the benefits their meat and horns can provide. And of course they are beautiful. They are predators and their beauty is bait for you, their prey. That is why they were forced here.” She looked angry at the thought, like it was a personal affront.
“What do you mean they were forced here?” I asked.
She looked over to Mom. “Did you tell them anything?”
“We were a little preoccupied,” she responded. “I told them about the division between the Seelie and UnSeelie, but that’s about it.”
“Humans forced them here,” she explained, “along with the fae and any other creatures they found intimidating. Humans want to feel like they have absolute control over their world. Anything that threatens that, either by power or predation, they eliminate.” Her sneer became more pronounced as she spoke. She clearly wasn’t a fan of humans in general.
Mom cut in when she noticed Cearo’s bitterness. “Humans didn’t understand us and felt unsafe. The only way they could think of to deal with us was to make us leave. Their numbers were much greater, so they were able to hurt us enough that we retreated here, where it was difficult for them to find us.”
So humans had been so scared they’d forced the fairies and unicorns and other things into a completely different world. I already knew the answer to my next question. “Is that why everyone here hates us so much?”
“Yes.” Cearo was very straightforward. Mom nodded reluctantly.
Part of me got it. The way they told it, humans did sound like the bad guys. But I couldn’t believe they’d torture random people. It’s not like we had anything to do with it.
“Why can’t they get over it? How long has it been?” Eric asked.
“The fighting has been going on for as long as anyone can remember. We finally came here in the Medieval period. For humans, it’s been a long time. But fae live a lot longer. The Seelie king’s grandfather was there when it all happened. My grandfather was there. It’s still personal for many of us.”
I started to nod, but then I put her words into context. “Hang on,” I said. I tried to work out the math in my head. Only three generations in 1000 years? I studied Mom and noticed for the first time just how young she looked. She had no wrinkles or gray hair, not one. I always attributed it to good genes and the fact that she was always one of the younger moms. “How old are you then?”
Mom looked embarrassed by my question, but Eric and I were both staring at her with wide eyes. “127,” she mumbled.
“Holy shit,” Eric said.
“Language,” Mom admonished him. “We don’t die from diseases or aging. We can be killed from injuries, but that’s it. We stop aging at some point and if we go unharmed, we could live forever in theory.”
God, this was a lot to process. Would things ever be simple again? My brain felt full to capacity, although I doubted this was even close to being the end of it. I think Mom noticed my mental struggle because she stated, “That’s enough of a history lesson for now. Let’s focus on getting out of here. That’s what matters.” Her confidence wavered for a moment as she peered at Cearo. Cearo was back to her silence and studying the floor as if it held the secrets of the universe within it. She already had all of the universe’s secrets in her head though. “Will you help us? I’ll understand if you don’t want to.”
I wouldn’t understand, I thought, but I didn’t say anything. 
Cearo froze like she’d been caught. I suppose the downside of having bright yellow eyes is that they are easy to track. She didn’t lift her head, but I could still see them land on each of us before flitting elsewhere around the room. It took her a full minute to come to a decision. Finally her body just sort of deflated and she gave a quick nod. “I have a map.” She got up and scurried into the maze of books.
As soon as we couldn’t see her, Eric said, “So she hates us too.”
“No, no, she isn’t like the rest of the fae. She’s not Seelie or UnSeelie, not influenced by all their attitudes and traditions.”
“She sure seems to have problems with us,” he huffed. “Shouldn’t we get a pass since we’re half fae? We are your biological children, right?”
I hadn’t even thought of that. We weren’t fully human. I tried again at moving the earth. Still nothing. Maybe we were adopted? But we looked like Mom and Dad. I was on the verge of freaking out again when Mom said, “Of course you’re my children. But your father was human, and besides David’s physical appearance, there’s been no sign that either of you has taken after the fae side at all. And believe me, I’ve looked for it. That means you will still be considered human here.”
Eric was still irritated, but he didn’t have any more to say. In the new quiet, I said softly, “What makes Cearo so different?” I wasn’t annoyed with her like Eric. I just didn’t understand her at all. But I wanted to.
Mom didn’t know how to answer this. She had to think about it for so long that I thought she wouldn’t say anything, but finally, “A lot of things are different. She’s the only one of us who never picked a side when the fae split. And she’s very old. I don’t actually know how old. I’m sure she was around before we came to this world though. She’s aslo the only one of us who can control all four elements.”
“That’s why her eyes change color.”
Mom nodded. “That’s why her eyes change. I have no idea how it happened. She doesn’t talk much, never says anything really personal.”
“If she can control all of them, isn’t she really powerful?” Eric asked. Mom nodded. “Then why didn’t she pick a side?” Eric asked. “Wouldn’t they have forced her if she has so much power?”
“I’m sure they’d try if they knew how to find her. But at this point they don’t even know for sure that she exists. She’s kind of like our boogeyman. She stays hidden so well that most people think she isn’t real. We joke that if you step out of line, she’ll get you.”
I wanted to ask how Mom found Cearo and if Cearo ever really ‘gets’ people, but Cearo came back into the alcove at that moment. She looked sad, and I knew she must have heard what Mom said about her being the boogeyman. But she didn’t comment on it. She just sat down and laid a map out in front of us.
The map was hand-drawn and showed the basic features of the land. The Seelie castle was on the west side, surrounded by the village and the town wall. Trees were drawn right up against it, representing the forest that started just outside the compound. Another castle sat on the east side, far away from the Seelie castle. This must be home to the UnSeelie. There was a village on its east side, as if it was hiding behind the castle. It had no wall surrounding it, just fields.
Most of the land was forested, with a few fields, meadows, and marshes scattered about. Mountains rose up in the far west. The map ended there with no clue as to what was on the other side. A few rivers snaked through the land, but there was nothing noting any bridges. I wondered if the blue-eyed fairies could split the water like Moses when they needed to cross. Had Moses been a fairy? Nevermind, Cearo was talking again, so I needed to focus.
“These are the gates,” Cearo told us, pointing to X’s dotted in seemingly random places. “We cannot go to this one,” indicating the one closest to the Seelie castle, “because that is where you came through and that is where the Seelie will be waiting for you.”
“Can we get to this one?” Mom pointed to one nearly half way between the castles. “It leads to a forest in Germany not too far from a town.”
“That one is always guarded, since it is near the border to UnSeelie land. We should go to this one.” She pointed to one I hadn’t noticed. It was in the far south, near the southwest corner, barely even on the map. “This one is remote and rarely guarded or used. It is on Seelie land, so we will not have to cross the border and risk alerting the UnSeelie to our presence as well.”
“How long will it take to get there?”
“It is far, but if all goes well, we could make the journey in only a few days, possibly a week.”
“A week?” Eric was about to start protesting but one glare from Cearo shut him up.
“That’s a long way. Are you sure it’s necessary?” Mom asked.
“It is the only gate they do not regularly use.”
Mom only took a moment to decide. “Alright, that is the safest option. Do you know where it leads?”
“A remote cave near a fjord.”
Damn, we were going to be far from home. But Middle of Nowhere, Scandanavia was probably better than here. Mom said, “I guess we’ll figure out how to navigate from there when we come to it. When should we leave?”
Cearo stood and folded up the map. “You are all reaping the benefits of unicorn meat, so you will not need nourishment for a while. We leave now.”
Chapter 14
CEARO
I went to store the map away again. My library is a maze. But the best trick to hiding things is to put the prize in a random place in the maze, not the center or the end. My maps would give their discoverer too large an advantage. I hid them better than anything.
This cave I have carved out is enormous. One could get lost in here for hours, maybe days. The books and shelving reach to the ceiling. They seem to bear down as if to smother anyone who enters. Claustrophobic people would not do well here. Much of the light is blocked out, and the darkness can trick a mind into thinking things are lurking just around the corner. These books could be a gold mine to their discoverer, but only if that discoverer managed to hold on to sanity while rifling through them. I had a hard time of it myself at first, given my preference for being up in the air. But I need this place, and its secrets must always be concealed.
I went so deep in the stacks that I could no longer hear the others. I tried to keep my mind on them though. Letting it wander would just lead it to the lurking things.
I wondered if I was the ‘boogeyman’ as Willa said. That must be another human myth. From the context, I gathered it is not a good thing to be. I supposed I was one though. I was not a good thing. I felt sad.
Why does it matter? Much worse has been said by many more people.
I shoved the map back into its place more forcefully than necessary. I did not understand my own reaction.
Get it together, Cearo.
This was not the time to suddenly have emotions. I would deal with them later. I wound my way through the stacks, taking the least direct route. It was partly to make sure I regained my control and partly to grab more hidden items.
I loaded myself up with my favorite knives. They were very small and probably looked unthreatening. They were deadly when used correctly. I also found a few of my larger ones. It should be easy to swing them and cause some damage no matter how unpracticed the handler was. I imagined David wielding it. He and weapons did not go together. He was too kind. I hoped he would not be forced to use it.
I hesitated before deciding to arm the other human. I could tell he disliked me already. I wondered how loyal he was to David and Willa. Would he try to use this on me? He would fail, but it would still be irritating if he tried. I sighed and took the knife for him. He was important to David and Willa. I would keep him safe. Or, at least, not leave him completely unprotected.
I lastly grabbed some extra pencils. Then weighed down with all of my chosen sharp objects, I headed out of the maze. 
Chapter 15
DAVID
Cearo had disappeared amongst the stacks. How did she find anything in there? The rest of us made our way to the entrance, sticking to the wall so we wouldn’t get lost. I looked around expecting there to be something for us to carry, not that I could think of anything that we’d need to take. We didn’t have any of our stuff with us since we had assumed we’d be returning to camp when we set out on our original hike. When Cearo came to meet us, she handed a couple of violent looking knives to Eric and me.
Logically, I knew weapons were a good idea, but it freaked me out a little to be carrying any. I kept reminding myself of what would happen if I let the crazy fairies take me again. Then again, that wasn’t all that helpful since the knife probably wouldn’t stand a chance against their superpowers. Better than nothing though, right?
Cearo started crawling up the tunnel first, then Mom. I went to follow and looked back at Eric to make sure he was coming. He was staring at the books.
“I can’t believe this is happening,” he said barely loud enough to hear. I wasn’t sure I was even meant to. It sounded like it was just now hitting him that this was real and not one of the stories he was looking at.
“Well, it is. Let’s get going so we can get home and make this the next bestseller.” I waited for him to turn away from the maze and take a few steps before I followed Cearo and Mom.
After a couple minutes of climbing, I bumped into a pair of feet. Then a head bumped into me from behind.
“Sorry, I forgot to tell you to stop,” Mom whispered from just ahead. Unable to see at all in the darkness, we were all piled up at the exit. “Cearo’s going to take a look outside first. I’ll tell you when to move again.” At that moment, light began to stream through the top of the tunnel as the tree lifted off the entrance.
No one moved while Cearo looked around. She came back a few minutes later, just as we were starting to cramp up, and gave us the all clear. I received another one of her death glares as I scrambled noisily outside.
Eric’s feet were barely out before the tree sank back down, making him jump in his hurry to get away. Cearo immediately pointed us in the right direction and set off without checking to see if we were following. I stayed a few yards behind her, while Mom and Eric took up the rear. I heard her whispering to him, asking if he was alright, but Eric only seemed capable of grunting in response. Yeah, definitely in shock. Took him long enough.
When Mom decided she wasn’t going to get anymore out of him, she let him trail us like a zombie and came to join me.
“You’re handling this well. Better than Eric,” she said on a sigh.
“He’ll be okay. He’s just got to get his mind wrapped around it.”
“I suppose. Did anything happen before I got there?”
“Not really. She’s strange,” I said, gesturing ahead of us to Cearo, “but I’m guessing you already knew that.”
Mom gave a huff of laughter. “That’s an understatement. But she’s the best ally we could’ve asked for, so no complaints.”
“Not even about how she left you up in that tower?” Just because I trusted that Cearo knew what she was doing doesn’t mean I loved that decision. At the very least wouldn’t have taking Mom with us to begin with sped things up? “How’d you get out anyway?”
“It’s a thrilling tale full of mystery and intrigue,” she teased. When I urged her to go on, she laughed and confessed, “Okay, not really. When the bodies of the guards were found, several more came pounding up the stairs, enough that the floors shook just enough to shake the key that last inch toward me. Once I was free of the chains I left the same way as the rest of you. I’m pretty sure one of the guards saw me fall through the window, but it was too late to catch me by then.”
“Hopefully no one followed you.”
“Don’t worry. Cearo’s been hiding from them for centuries. No one will find her hide-outs.”
“Centuries…” I murmured. I watched her walking ahead of us. She’s tiny and had not one gray hair or wrinkle. She looked my age, maybe even younger if you didn’t see her face. It was her face that held the only clue to her actual age. The few times real emotion had flicked across her features, the depth of it would be unfathomable for anyone so young. But I couldn’t see it now, and so for a moment I didn’t believe that this girl could really be so old.
“…asked her once how old she was,” I heard Mom saying. I realized she’d been responding to my quiet whisper while I’d been staring, and I snapped my attention back to her. “She said she didn’t know, that no one kept track back then.”
“Wow, that must be a long time then.”
“Yeah, it’s hard to imagine. Especially while she’s stumbling around like this,” Mom said, trying to suppress a smile.
Cearo stumbling? No way, I thought. I watched her for a full minute. I was just about to argue that when sure enough, her gaze darted up for a moment and she didn’t see the root protruding from the ground in front of her. She tripped and landed as quietly as ever.
“I always wondered how she can fall and still manage to do it silently,” Mom said with a smile, having lost the battle with her facial muscles.
“She’s a mystery, that’s for sure,” I mused. I couldn’t help but smile a little too when the same thing happened again a couple minutes later. It did make her seem younger and less all-powerful. “Why does she keep doing that?”
“I think she’s wishing she was up in the trees. This is the longest I’ve seen her on the ground and I don’t think she likes it.”
I thought back to her following us to the Seelie castle, all the while jumping from tree to tree. She’d been graceful and nimble. That definitely wasn’t how I’d describe her right now. She belonged up in the trees, gliding through the branches, high above the ground.
“Her eyes are yellow most of the time,” I said.
“Yeah, she’s closest to air. She only grudgingly uses the others. I don’t understand her problem with earth. It’s so comforting.” A flower grew big and bright next to us, and she gazed down at the ground like it was her one true love.
I chuckled. “You don’t get it because it’s your element. I felt weird in that tunnel we used to get out too.”
Mom scoffed at me. “That was nothing.”
Still chuckling, I said, “I haven’t seen her eyes go blue yet.”
“I’ve only seen her use water a handful of times. Usually she seems in awe of it. She treats it like it’s the most precious thing in the world.”
“Is that normal?”
“No, not really. Usually your elements feel like friends, not holy beings.”
Our conversation tapered off for a while as I thought about this. These elements seemed to be like people to them, another entity living inside you. It sounded beyond strange to me. I would’ve thought it would feel wrong, like someone was encroaching on your space, but they formed bonds with them instead. I couldn’t help but wonder why that hadn’t been the case for Cearo with earth and fire. Maybe there wasn’t enough room for them once air was added to the mix. And I was even more curious about what had happened with water to make Cearo revere it.
The forest grew dark around us. I have to say it got a little creepy then, but I tried to block out the sounds of things scuttling and crawling just out of sight by talking with Mom about all the stuff we missed about home. Eric joined us after a while, having gotten bored with the dazed, zombie life. I had just decided that I was never going to leave home again without cookies to appease potential kidnappers and a taser in case the cookies failed, when all of a sudden Cearo dropped out of the sky, landing inches from us. I hadn’t even realized she’d gone into the trees.
She looked angrily at each of us before settling on Mom. “Be on guard.”
Mom immediately took a defensive stance and looked around for the trouble. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing at the moment.” She waited to see if Mom would respond, and right as Mom started to, she cut her off. Her voice terse, she said, “but that could change in the next moment. You are getting loud. You will begin to attract things soon, if you have not already. Be on guard.” With that, she turned away and resumed the march through the darkness.
Shit. You probably could’ve heard us from back in the human world. What if the Seelie had picked up our trail again? The three of us peered around, trying to see their faces in the darkness. When they didn’t come crashing through the trees to get us, we caught up to Cearo silently.
“Stay together. I’m going to go try to make peace,” Mom whispered before jogging ahead to join Cearo. I couldn’t tell if they were talking too quietly for the words to drift back to us or if Mom just decided staying quiet would be more appreciated. Either way, I felt like any sound I made was obtrusive, so I practically tip-toed behind them.
I was still trying to pick out the shapes of fairies in the dark when a cluster of familiar looking flowers caught my eye. Even in the faint, nearly nonexistent light I could tell these were the same kind of flower as the one Mom took a picture of back in Yosemite. They still managed to shine their bright colors like little suns despite the darkness. I was a little sad to leave them behind. They were only flowers, but they felt like a tether to our world, to home.
A crack, like a twig snapping, sounded from up above just as a flying squirrel went gliding over my head onto a branch just ahead. Evidently some animals made it over to this side of the gate too. I was grinning as I watched the cute rodent munching on a seed. I was just about to wish it better luck here than we were having when it was snatched away. It happened so quickly I didn’t even get a glimpse of the predator. Eyes wide and mouth gaping, I picked up the pace to get away from whatever it was. Hopefully that predator was content with a diet of squirrels, but I didn’t want to be around to tempt it.
As I got closer to Mom and Cearo, bits of their conversation drifted back to me.
“…care if they trust you?” Mom whispered. Cearo’s response was so soft that I didn’t catch any of it. “I just think it would help…. I don’t even know how you got to…this.” She gestured to take in Cearo’s general existence. She glanced at Cearo expectantly as if she was waiting for Cearo to reveal a big secret. Cearo bristled and stayed silent. She must have sensed my presence then as she turned her head slightly to look back at me from the corner of her eye. Her expression held nothing in it, which made the meaning of her question take longer to register in my mind.
“Where is the other one?” she asked. Mom’s head whipped around and I realized Cearo had been referring to Eric. I looked back, expecting him to be a few feet behind me where I left him, but he was nowhere to be seen.
“I told you to stay together,” Mom whisper-shouted at me.
“He was right here,” I pointed to the place I left him, not five yards away. “I only stepped away a minute ago.”
We all went back to the spot and searched for some sign of where he may have gone, but it was so dark that it was hard to make out anything. It was as if he’d just vanished into the night. We split up. There were only three possible directions he could’ve gone, since we knew he hadn’t passed us. I made sure to make my path extremely obvious in case they needed to follow me.
I was glad I did, because I found Eric not a minute later crouching by a bush. I was going to hit him hard if he had made us freak out like that just to do his business. I was about to say so when I heard him talking. It sounded like he was comforting something.
“Hey, you’re a good boy, yeah. We’ll find your master. Good boy,” Eric was saying. I moved closer to him and peered over his shoulder. There was a little, shaggy, black puppy curled up in the bush, whimpering and looking up at us with its big, adorable, deploring eyes. Its tail gave a few light thumps when Eric scratched its head. It let out a howl when it spotted me.
“How did a puppy get here?” I wondered aloud.
Eric gave a little start, noticing me for the first time. “I don’t know, but we have to take him with us. He can’t survive out here.”
I had to think about it. Mom and Cearo wouldn’t like it but, “yeah, we can’t let the crazy fairies get their hands on him. Or any of the other monsters for that matter.”
We started coaxing the puppy to follow us. Just as we turned to head back to the others, four sets of glowing red eyes appeared on all sides. The bodies of four enormous, black dogs followed. Their lips curled back into snarls, revealing sharp canines that were sure to never let go if they managed to get hold of us. They stalked closer and I grabbed hold of the knife Cearo had given me. Looks like it’ll come in handy after all. The blade flashed only weakly in the sparse moonlight, but it was enough to elicit more snarls. One came from the puppy. How did that sound come out of a little puppy? I turned back to it. Right before my eyes it grew and transformed into another of the giant dogs. When its transformation finished, its eyes focused on me and it lunged. 
The other dogs took that as their cue and charged at us. First instinct was to hunch over and hopefully let them jump over us while we dove for any empty space we could see. Three of the dogs collided with each other over where Eric and I had been standing moments ago. The remaining two tackled us before it could even be called a chase.
The dog landed on my back, pushing me to the ground on my stomach. I tried to swing my knife back at it, but I was not in a good position. I figured I had a second before its jaws locked onto my neck when another knife came whizzing over my head and the dog’s weight fell off my back.
Cearo was there, sprinting toward me, her own knives in her hands, ready to throw. I was on my knees by the time she got there. She hauled me the rest of the way to my feet and pulled me along as we ran away from the dogs.
“Eric — ” I managed to stammer out.
“Willa has him.”
We were full-on sprinting, crashing a rough path through the foliage and still two of the dogs were chasing us. They were gaining on us with every step, and I prayed that we’d find a way out of this fast. Cearo was going full-speed ahead, looking up again but thankfully, not tripping over anything this time. I didn’t know what she hoped to find though, because we definitely didn’t have time to climb a tree.
One of the dogs caught up to me. I felt his teeth grasp my ankle. I went down hard, the breath whooshing out of my lungs as I hit the ground with a solid thump. The dog reared up to bite at a more lethal spot, but Cearo was there with a knife aimed straight at its heart. The body landed on top of me, pinning me in place.
The other dog had almost reached us when it got its ankle caught in a root that was jutting up from the ground. Cearo used the time to pull me out, but before I could run again, she motioned to a nearby tree. There were enough knots in it that it would make for easy climbing under normal conditions, but I wasn’t sure with my ankle bleeding. Still, I climbed. Putting weight on my ankle hurt like hell, but I could handle it. With Cearo helping to pull me up, we made it far enough that the dogs wouldn’t be able to reach us.
As soon as we were both sitting on a branch a good fifteen feet higher than the nearest snapping jaws, the dog broke loose of the root. It only took me a second of panic before I realized that was no accident. Cearo had been manipulating it into acting as a rope. She released her power over it as soon as we were safe. The root went limp and slithered back into the ground. The dog ran over to our tree and went on snarling and barking, but its jumps were useless. It couldn’t reach us up here.
I watched Cearo’s eyes switch back from green to yellow as we both caught our breath. When I was no longer huffing and puffing, I took a look at my ankle. It was still bleeding, but it didn’t look that bad. The dog’s bite had been shallow and hadn’t lasted long.
“Wrap it,” Cearo said. “The hounds will be attracted to the smell of your blood.”
Figuring as much, I ripped off a piece of my shirt to use as a bandage. I wrapped it tight so that no more blood seeped out of there, but then I noticed the rest of my shirt. I was covered in blood. It couldn’t have been mine though. I probably had some scrapes that had gone unnoticed, but I was sure there was nothing that could’ve done this.
“It is from the hound that fell on you,” Cearo said, noticing my alarm. “It smells terrible.” She wrinkled her nose and turned away. I took a sniff and immediately regretted it. She was right. It was the worst smell in the world. It was like sulfur and smoke and rot. I took my shirt off and held it out. Part of me knew I shouldn’t abandon my clothes and what little protection they provided against the environment. A little is better than nothing and who knew if I would need it. But, oh, the stench.
“Throw it back the way we came,” Cearo said.
“Are you sure? What if the weather turns bad?”
“We will find you something else. Nothing will get rid of that scent.”
I launched it as far as I could and like a trained pet, the remaining dog ran after it. Glad to have him gone even a small distance, I felt a little safer.
“How are we going to find my mom and Eric?” I asked.
Cearo studied the area like she knew every square inch, which she probably did. “I have another hide-out near here. We will go there in the morning when the hounds have gone. I will find Willa then.”
I looked toward the dog, which was in the process of attacking my shirt. “Do you think they’re okay?” I knew now that Mom had grown up in this world, but I was still terrified for her and Eric. Our failed defense against Boden and his crew was the first time I’d seen her try to fight. I didn’t know how well she’d hold up against the dogs, especially with Eric to protect.
“She is well-trained. I am confident in her chances.”
Knowing that there was nothing I could do right now with that beast down there, I once again put my faith in Cearo’s words and waited for sunrise.
Chapter 16
CEARO
He fell asleep quickly, though it was a restless sleep. He mumbled the others’ names worriedly. He jerked like he was still running from the hellhounds. I was able to push him back into place each time, but as soon as my hands left his body so did the calm. I tied him down before he threw himself out of the tree.
Finally subdued, I took a closer look at his ankle. It was starting to fester. Blood and pus were bubbling out and it smelled faintly of rot. The bite may have been shallow but a hellhound’s saliva is a fast-acting poison. If left untreated, even a bite this small will kill him by morning.
I had not told him for fear he would panic. And I could fix it. I pulled out a tiny bag of ground unicorn horn. The wound would probably heal with only a pinch, but I used two for good measure.
He stirred as I rubbed it in. I froze. His eyes fluttered open for a moment. His deep brown gaze, clouded with sleepiness but not pain, went straight to mine, and he gave a lazy grin with only the right side of his mouth tilting up, barely flashing his teeth. Then with a small sigh, he dropped back into unconsciousness.
Memory took me.
We were lying on the ground on a soft bed of autumn leaves. He was halfway between consciousness and dreams. I was fully awake because part of me still believed this would disappear if I closed my eyes. I watched him, entertained by his sleepy babbling.
“It followed me the rest of the day. Mother tried to get rid of it, but it kept pushing its way into the tent,” he told me of the wildcat that had declared itself his ally.
I giggled. I had seen it sneak under the tent after it had given up walking through the front. “He is determined.”
“I told Mother she should let it stay. Now she has two fishers.” His voice got quieter and quieter until the last word could only just be caught. His eyes were past drooping, now just occasionally fluttering in half-hearted attempts to stay awake with me. The right side of his mouth tilted up in that familiar grin and with one final breathy sigh, dreams won.
I came back to the present. To David. I watched him, but he never did it again.
It did not matter. I had seen it.
What are you feeling, Cearo? Feel it while he is asleep, while no one can see you.
Astounded. This was real. I was not dreaming. Many would think me insane, but I knew this was no hallucination. My mind was not kind enough to supply this.
Elated. I had been right. It was him. A version of him anyway. Maybe he would remember. Maybe it would go the same way.
Terrified. Maybe it would go the same way. My chest seized and I had to fight viciously to push those other memories back to their dark corner.
I needed to change the ending this time.
Chapter 17
DAVID
I jolted awake at the sound of rustling leaves right next to my ear. I would’ve fallen out of the tree if I hadn’t been tied down to the branch by a length of leather. It was Cearo’s belt, knives still attached. I righted myself while trying not to impale myself at the same time.
Cearo was stretched out in front of me, her dress baggy on her without the belt. She glanced back at me as I settled myself. “Bird,” she said. My eyebrows twitched up in confusion, so she elaborated. “There was a bird by your ear. Nothing to worry about.”
“Oh, good. Uh, thanks for your belt,” I said. She just nodded slightly. I hadn’t meant to fall asleep, didn’t think I could, but I must’ve nodded off after the dog wandered off. The shadows of the forest were long now, so the sun must have just risen. There was no sign of the dogs, but no sign of Mom or Eric either. I hoped they’d made it through the night.
“I think we are safe from the hounds now. We should get to the hide-out,” Cearo said.
“Great, let’s go.” I untied myself and handed her the belt. She tied it around herself with no worry of accidental stabbing before jumping down to the branch below. She was already halfway down before I started climbing. As if realizing this, she looked up at me and waited to see if I’d need help. But going down turned out to be a whole lot easier than going up. We made it down in record time and I was even fairly quiet this time.
“Is your ankle still in pain?” she asked.
I had forgotten all about it. I hadn’t felt a thing since waking up. “No.” I loosened the wrappings enough to peer at the wound. It was completely healed, just a few pinkish dots where the punctures had been. Miraculous. “Whoa, it’s almost gone.”
“Good. This way then.” She turned and started on another invisible path. I followed without a second thought about my ankle. Quickly though, I realized we had a different problem.
“Hey, we’re going the wrong way.”
Cearo barely paused. “No, we are not.”
“I’m telling you, yesterday we were going that way,” I said, pointing to our right. “And that’s the way Mom and Eric ran when the dogs chased us. Unless the sun works differently here, this is definitely the wrong way.”
She stopped very suddenly and I expected to glimpse the full extent of her wrath. Instead when she faced me, she looked mildly impressed. “You always were good at that,” she murmured so quietly that I barely caught it.
“What?”
“Never mind. The hide-out is this way. It is only slightly out of the way.” She started to turn again.
“If they ran in the direction we need to go anyway, shouldn’t we just try to catch up? They’d wait for us.”
“They cannot wait there. It is too open and the next hide-out is far. They will know it is best to double back and regroup.”
“They won’t know to come this way though. We have to find them.”
She was starting to get exasperated, but I wasn’t ready to give up on this point. We couldn’t lose track of Mom and Eric. It just wasn’t an option. She stared at me long and hard, probably waiting for me to crumble, but I stared back, never wavering. After a long minute, she said nothing but walked past me in the direction we’d come.
I couldn’t believe it. I won. Against Cearo. I should get a plaque to commemorate this moment.
Soon, we passed the remains of my shirt. It was basically just scraps now. Cearo paused next to it and put a hand up for me to stop. The fabric burst into flames before quickly dying out, leaving a scattering of ash that was quickly dispersed by a breeze.
“Maybe it is smart to come this way, at least so I can cover our tracks,” she said. I don’t think this actually occurred to her until now, but if she needed a reason of her own, I was fine with that. It still meant we were going the right way. Besides, I’d won. I knew it. She knew it, even if she’ll never admit it. The corner of my mouth tilted up as I followed her on.
We went a good half hour without seeing anything. I worried that we’d somehow passed the place we’d gotten attacked and were lost now.
“Are we still retracing our steps?” I whispered tentatively.
“Yes.” She moved to the side and motioned forward. That’s when I could see an obvious break in the foliage. That must’ve been where we had initially crashed through with the dogs. We ran farther last night than I realized. As I came up even with Cearo, she whispered, “I have covered our tracks up until there. I want to approach that area slowly.”
I couldn’t argue there. Something could still be there, waiting for us to come back. I nodded, and we began tip-toeing closer. We moved to the right of the break so that we could see partway in, yet it’d be difficult to see us. We came to a stop behind a large tree that had lots of tall brush growing in front of it. We could see through it to the bodies of the dogs. One of Cearo’s knives was still sticking out of one of them. It was so obvious that I wanted to go pull it out right now, but I held back. Cearo was absolutely motionless. We stood until my muscles were cramping, waiting for any threat to reveal itself.
A twig snapping broke the silence. Both of us faced the direction it came from in an instant. I couldn’t see what it was from here, but I could feel that it wasn’t just an animal. I needed to see. I slowly inched up until I was stretching to see over the bush.
Near another break in the foliage where Mom and Eric were chased away, a light brown crop of hair was sticking up just above a plant. My eyes locked with Mom’s when she turned toward me and I jerked into motion, ready to run over to her. Before I could finish my first step, Cearo grabbed me and tugged me down. I knew better than to ask what that was about, so I followed her gaze.
Exactly opposite Mom, three Seelie, including Boden, came into the clearing. One that I didn’t recognize approached the body of the dog with the knife still embedded. He pulled it out and held it up. “Now how’d they come by this trinket?” he asked.
“I don’t care,” Boden replied, barely glancing at it. “Armed or not, they’ll be no match for us. But it proves they came this way. Split up and search the area. We’re closing in.” Boden headed for the break near Mom while the fire-eyed fairy that I recognized as having had burned me, headed toward the break next to Cearo and me. The fairy who’d found the knife continued searching around the dog bodies.
I had no idea what to do, where to go, or how to move to get out of this unseen. I had only a second to decide. I dove toward the other side of the tree, putting it between the approaching fairy and me. The universe seemed to like me a little at that moment by allowing me to land quietly on the soft dirt. I’d definitely leave an impression, but maybe if we got away they’d assume it was made during the dog attack.
I searched for Cearo. She had a similar idea. She also put the tree between herself and the fairy, only instead of diving down as I did, she’d climbed up. She crouched on a low branch as her gaze flicked from the fairy to me and back. So far, we hadn’t been noticed, but that wouldn’t last long. I pointed behind me, trying to ask silently if we should make a break for it. She motioned for me to stay down and held up one finger to indicate she only needed a moment.
She slithered up to the next branch, where the fairies would only notice her if they knew to look up. Luckily for us, they didn’t know to do that, but Mom did. Cearo began motioning in the direction I’d seen Mom. She seemed to be saying to go the long way around the clearing. It meant sneaking around and staying hidden longer but not having to cross paths with the fairies.
I assumed this plan had been put into action when Cearo crouched back down. By now I’d had to change my position at the base of the tree to keep out of sight of the fire-eyed fairy as he moved closer. I was now wedged between the trunk and the bush, barely avoiding touching the latter and giving away our hiding place. We had to run soon or I’d have nowhere left to go.
I looked up at Cearo again, hoping she’d give me a signal to run. She didn’t disappoint. She looked down at me and adjusted her stance so that she’d be ready to fly off the tree and run. Then, after a brief glance that must have been to make sure Mom and Eric were in position, she held up three fingers to start a countdown. On three, she held her other hand in the fairies’ direction. On two, she flicked her wrist down, causing a loud snap near Boden. On one, the fairies charged toward the sound, and we sprinted the other way.
Our exit was the opposite of subtle. Cearo’s distraction may have worked for a couple of seconds but no more. We crashed through the forest like our own mini parade. The fairies gave chase. I heard Boden yelling orders to the others to use their elements, but nothing came at us. I suppose a wall of fire in this dense forest would do more harm than good. I once again thanked the universe for taking my side in this.
They pursued us past the place where Cearo and I had lost the dogs. This time though, there were no sharp teeth grabbing for my ankles. There were just evil fairies who wanted to torture me. They were spreading out, but they sounded confused. I thought they were trying to surround us but doing a terrible job of it. I heard them shout at each other, asking which way. They were losing track of us. Oh, yes, please lose track of us, I thought. I turned back as quickly as I could to find out what was happening. Cearo was flicking her hands up and down and this was followed by cracks and crashes, scattered in all directions but always far from us. It was working. She was throwing them off. Their shouts were moving away from us. Mom was concentrating hard too, covering our tracks so that all of the plant life had grown right back as if we’d never stomped on it.
Cearo tapered off her distractions when the Seelies’ voices were all but gone. We kept running until we couldn’t bear it any longer. As we slowed to a jog, we tried to be more careful about where we placed our steps. Mom, Eric, and I were getting a little better at being quiet. We’d caught on fast, and soon I thought we’d be able to give Cearo a run for her money. Well, we probably weren’t that good, but at least she wasn’t glaring at us anymore.
Finally, we took a short rest, hidden among a dense cluster of trees. I hugged Mom and Eric each tight enough to make them have to catch their breath again, but it was worth it to see them safe and whole.
Barely speaking, we did a quick assessment of injuries. Mom had a large gash on her forearm that appeared to be festering. It not only looked disgusting but also smelled that way. A dog must have caught her too, but I was fine now. What was wrong with her? Cearo pulled out a small bag from her pocket and held it out to Mom. Mom grabbed some white, iridescent powder from it and spread it on the wound. The cut looked better almost instantly. The infection appeared almost gone and the skin was beginning to close. Soon it would just be a pinkish line to match my pinkish dots.
Cearo must have healed me with that powder after I drifted off last night. I hadn’t even thought about how I could have recovered so fast. I watched her until she finally looked at me. I wanted to thank her, but she looked as if I had caught her in some embarrassing act and quickly looked away.
“So which way do we head now?” Mom asked quietly.
“We should lie low for a little while to make sure we have really lost the Seelie,” Cearo answered.
“Agreed. You have another hide-out near here, don’t you?”
“Yes….” Cearo studied her for a moment. She was suspicious. “How did you know?”
“Your library here is in roughly the same area relative to the Seelie castle as the one in the UnSeelie Kingdom. So I thought maybe all of them were laid out the same?” Her voice went up like a question, and she stepped away from Cearo a little.
Cearo was still. I thought she might be pissed that someone had figured out one of her tricks. She gave a quick nod. “Good hunch.”
Mom visibly relaxed. “Wow, I was right?” she said under her breath.
Cearo gave what could almost pass for a smile, and her eyes flashed mischievously. She was a fairy afterall. “You were half right.” She offered no more.
Mom held onto Eric and me as we resumed the hike. She didn’t need support but she wanted to keep us close. I can’t imagine how terrifying the past hours have been for her. Trying to protect herself and Eric from the dogs, worrying if I had made it to safety, then having to run all over again, the stress should be unbearable. I held her hand just as tight to try to reassure her.
I looked over to Eric to see how he was doing. He was still solemn, but I was pretty sure the shock had passed for good. In fact, I think the episode with the dogs proved to him how real this was. Hopefully he knew to be more careful now. We can’t trust anything here.
Cearo stopped so suddenly, we almost passed right by. She gave us that devious almost-smile again.
“What? Are we here? Is it under this tree?” Mom asked.
Cearo raised her eyebrows as if to say “figure it out.” Mom looked all around the base of the tree, trying to discern anything out of the ordinary. The tree was enormous, probably the biggest I’d ever seen, as wide as those famous redwoods in the Northwest. Otherwise, I wasn’t noticing anything different about it either. When clearly none of us were getting the picture, Cearo tilted her head way back to gaze far up the trunk.
Mom’s eyes followed. About thirty or forty feet up the trunk there was a dark gash in the wood that could have been an opening. “Ohh…,” she let out on a breath. She did not seem happy about this turn of events. “But the UnSeelie one you took me to was underground.”
“I said you were half right,” Cearo replied. She huffed, which I took to be her almost-laugh. “I always change one direction. One that is on the east side here may be on the west side there. One that is down there may be up here.” With a lightning-fast flash of teeth, Cearo turned and began climbing.
Mom was still staring. “My element is earth. I am not made for this,” she muttered to herself.
Cearo answered her anyway. “They will not expect you here. They will not even bother to look.”
Mom sighed in resignation and began to climb. Eric followed after her and I brought up the rear. Climbing trees, I mused — another thing I was getting really good at here in fairy world.
We disappeared through the gap in the trunk one by one. Not twenty minutes later, we heard Boden and the other Seelie pass us. They’d somehow picked up our trail again, or maybe they’d just gotten lucky with their guess, like Mom. Either way, just as Cearo said, they never even noticed us up here. We were safe for now.
Chapter 18
CEARO
“Anyone seen anything yet?” Boden called to his comrades. He sounded frustrated that they were coming up short.
“It’s like they disappeared back there,” one said defensively.
“They can’t disappear, you idiot,” Boden replied, voice harsh. “I’m going under. One of you had better find something by the time I come back up.” His angry mutterings subsided, presumably when the ground swallowed him.
The others spoke up slightly in the absence of their leader. “’They can’t disappear,’ he says. Then how’d they get out of the prison to begin with?”
“That earth fairy is behind all of it. Why are we even looking here? She’s probably hiding underground.”
“Yeah, what does he expect us to find?”
I thought I heard one of them kick our tree in frustration. Stupid Seelie. They are so close.
Their voices grew faint as they moved on from the area. Boden broke free from the ground and joined them. Soon, I could no longer hear any sound from them at all.
The Seelie had not even glanced up. Whether Willa was an earth fairy or not, they should never think an opponent incapable of surprising them. Even the humans were getting better at this. Had the fae really been cut off from them for so long that they were forgetting what humans could do? At least it served my purpose.
I was confident they were gone now. I let my ears focus on other things. Willa was whispering to the other human, Eric, telling him to get off her. There was nowhere for him to go though. He was no fae. His tall form was already hitting the ceiling.
I admit that I had not planned for this situation. Never had I thought anyone but I would need these hide-outs, and I had built them according to their prospective use. When I had helped Willa run, that was an exception I had not planned on repeating. We had made due with some of these smaller ones, but she was not much bigger than me. It had not been this terribly cramped with the two of us, just slightly uncomfortable. I imagined it would not even be slightly uncomfortable if it was only David and me in here.
His whole body was basically covering me, but I did not mind. I could stay right here for days and be content with feeling him breathe. His breaths had slowed, and he was not attempting to move away like Eric. It was possible he had figured out that moving was a pointless endeavor, but I decided to believe he was as comfortable as I was.
My mind relaxed completely and began to wander toward pleasant topics that it had not contemplated for…I had lost track a long time ago.
His skin feels the same. Soft and warm and inviting. Never-ending. That was how it felt to touch him before. Once I started, I could never stop. I would touch all of him, and then I would do it again.
And he would do the same to me. We would intertwine and all there would be in the universe was us.
“Cearo!”
Goodbye, reverie. The rest of the universe was back.
Willa was flicking her gaze between me and her panicking son, who was still trying to find space that was not there. “Eric, just stay still,” said swatting him. He settled down, but clearly had to put effort into it. “Cearo?”
Without sighing, I answered, “Yes?”
Chapter 19
DAVID
“They’re headed in a completely different direction now. We shouldn’t run into them for a while,” Mom said a while after the Seelie had passed.
“Can we get out of this tiny hole now?” Eric asked. The little bit of light that made its way into the hollowed out trunk showed just how uncomfortable he was. Eric and I had come in last and we were practically sitting on top of Mom and Cearo. This tiny space may work as a quick hiding place for just Cearo, but with all four of us inside we could hardly breathe. 
Cearo was pressed up against my still shirtless back and every place we touched I felt tingles. Actually, I was alright with staying here a little longer. I quite liked this position. I let myself relax into it slightly, and to my surprise, felt Cearo do the same. I felt her arm slide down my back as she pulled it out from between us to search one of her pockets.
“Give them a few more minutes to get away from us. Here, eat this,” Cearo said, tossing some strips of dried meat to Mom and Eric. She reached around my body to hand some to me, and her arm brushed mine several unnecessary times. Unnecessary, but oh so pleasant. I wondered if it was possible that she was doing this on purpose. I could have shifted away from her touch, but I certainly held still on purpose. Why would she do that though? It didn’t serve any function, and it’s not like she was actually into me. I couldn’t picture her being interested in anyone that way. She’s so closed off and unemotional, not to mention really old, according to Mom. She’s probably bored with the world and everyone in it. What kind of person would it take to overcome all of that? I didn’t think that person would be me, so I tried to tamp down my heart’s unwarranted excitement.
When I managed to strangle my hopes for Cearo, our position, combined with the silence, grew awkward. Or maybe it already was, and I was just now noticing. I should probably shift away from her. I still didn’t really want to though, and it’s not like I could anyway. I just cleared my throat instead. I opened my mouth, begging my brain to come up with something cool or relevant to say, but of course, it gave me this wonder of stupidity instead, “Nice place here.” Really, brain? That’s the best you’ve got? I wanted to shoot myself. Or turn myself over to the Seelie. Anything but see the looks on Mom, Eric, and most likely, Cearo’s, faces. They were all staring at me like I’m stupid, which is true right now. I tried to save myself. “I mean…you know…it’s small but still nice for…what it is.” And I failed miserably.
I shoved the rest of the meat into my mouth to stop myself from digging my hole any deeper. I nearly choked until I felt Cearo’s hand on my back. She patted me gently, not hard enough for it to be a response to the choking. I twisted around so I could see her out of the corner of my eye. Her mouth was an expressionless line as usual, but her eyes were shining bright, almost like she was laughing on the inside. I felt my mouth twitch up as we made brief eye contact. I could laugh at myself with her.
We all sort of telepathically agreed to leave a minute later, with no more attempts at awkward conversation. Eric scrambled out first, happy to be getting his tall body out of that cramped space. I went next, with Cearo so close behind that we only stopped touching when we were both completely out and climbing down. As soon as I touched the ground though, Cearo was there, having jumped down and come straight to my side. She wasn’t looking at me this time, but my mouth twitched up again anyway.
Mom jumped down a few seconds later and came over to us. I pulled my gaze away from Cearo to find Mom giving us an odd look like she didn’t quite get what she was seeing. That’s when it hit me that I actually had a crush on Cearo. Cearo, who is my Mom’s friend. Cearo, who is really old. This is really weird. I tried again to smother the feelings.
Cearo seemed to realize something too. She stepped away quickly and muttered, “Let’s go.”
The trip back to the dead dogs was uneventful. We didn’t go out into the open though, in case Boden left a look-out. Skirting around the area, we made it to the path that Mom and Eric had made when they had run from the dogs. It went in the exact direction we needed to go, but we were all hesitant to leave a trail so obvious, and one Boden already knew about at that. We ended up walking alongside it, keeping hidden and at as much of a distance as possible without completely losing sight of it. If the Seelie did come this way, we’d see them before they saw us. They never appeared on the path though; still on their wild goose chase, I guess.
Eventually, the trail of destruction tapered off when we got to where Mom and Eric had slept last night. A high-pitched, desperate whine came from the end of the path, even though there was nothing there. I stopped, thinking maybe we’d been found again. “What is that?” I asked. I was the only one who seemed concerned.
Eric, surprisingly, was the one who answered me. “It’s the hellhound that chased us. Mom trapped it in a hole. You can’t see it unless you’re practically on top of it.”
I nodded, impressed. “Nice. Maybe Boden will fall in there too,” I joked. Eric and I snickered and left that evil, pretend puppy behind without a backwards glance.
We were moving into new territory now, and I was relieved again that we had Cearo. The forest thinned out, but instead of letting more light through, it allowed thick fog to roll in. I couldn’t see more than a few feet in front of me, so I stuck close to Cearo, who still navigated like she knew every inch of the land.
The earth became soft under our feet, and every step let out a squelch. We’d moved fully into a swamp. The water was only an inch or so deep at the moment, but it was getting deeper. The fog wasn’t letting up either. All this water would soon soak me completely, making me wish I hadn’t lost my shirt. Hypothermia seemed inevitable. Great.
Mom suddenly spoke up from right next to me, evidently deciding we could talk, given that our steps were noisy anyway. “How far does this swamp go?”
“Not far,” Cearo replied simply.
I looked over at Mom and saw just how uncomfortable she was here. Every step was tense, and her frown became more and more exaggerated as we went. By the time the water reached our ankles it was clear she’d rather take a page from Cearo’s book and leap from tree to tree than continue slogging through this. I grabbed her hand and held on for support.
Surprisingly, I wasn’t uncomfortable at all. Moving through the water was easy and not nearly as freezing as I thought it’d be. Maybe Mom was having a harder time because water isn’t her element. I looked over at Eric, expecting him to be having an easy time of it too, but he looked about as happy as Mom. Weird, I thought, but I guess some people just don’t like getting their socks wet. In fact, Sid would probably make someone carry him. It was so hard not to laugh out loud at the mental image of Cearo dragging Sid through this while he wailed over his ruined shoes.
“Not used to this…” Mom muttered. She continued at a normal volume, “You know, the UnSeelie land doesn’t have any swamps. A few small bogs, but it’s mostly fields and forest.” Her eyes went far away as she spoke, and a reminiscent smile touched her lips. “The castle is set in the middle of a huge field of grasses and wildflowers. I used to run through it and make all the flowers bloom and multiply in my path. Sometimes I would make them bloom in a pattern, like my name or the shape of a giant flower. It was beautiful….” She trailed off, her grin widening as she remembered.
“Do you miss it?” I asked, returning her happy smile as I imagined her words.
“A little. I can’t do that at home. I can’t let anyone know what I am.”
That was the first time I thought about how hard it must be for her to stay in the human world. She can’t use her element, she has to hide her stories, and we live in L.A., where the land is practically all concrete and no green. “Maybe when we get back, we should move somewhere with more open space. So your element doesn’t feel so stifled.”
“Oh, we don’t need to move. We have a nice life there.” She waved me off casually, but I could tell the idea was appealing.
“Alright. But we’ll at least find a secluded field for you to run through.”
She smiled but said nothing more while she continued reminiscing. I noticed Cearo watching the exchange with curious eyes that had gone blue now, but she didn’t add anything. She seemed pleased though, rather than irritated, which was a good change. I liked the blue eyes too. They suited her almost as much as the yellow.
Eric was the only one whose mood hadn’t lifted. I couldn’t blame him. He was shivering now from the dampness. I still didn’t feel anything, but looking at him, I knew I should. I asked Mom and Cearo, “Are one of you guys doing something so that I don’t feel the cold here?”
Eric looked to Mom, betrayed, as if she would keep one son warm and not the other. Mom shook her head though. “There’s nothing I can do.” She glanced at Cearo for an answer, but Cearo didn’t see because she had turned sharply to me and was still watching. “Cearo, have you been using fire?” Mom prompted.
Never taking her widened eyes off me, she said, “Of course not….”
She couldn’t be, since her eyes had been blue the whole time we’d been in the swamp, and Mom seemed to know that too. “Maybe your adrenaline is still up,” she suggested.
That wasn’t it either though. I felt completely calm. But I had no other explanation, so I just nodded. Cearo knew though, or at least had suspicions. The way she trailed off before retreating into her thoughts said it all. Clearly she didn’t want to voice it, but I’d make her tell me eventually. When she confirmed them. Or the next time we’re alone. Yeah, that one. Because it means that there will be a next time. And no matter how many times I try to smother these feelings, I still can’t wait for that time.
Cearo shook her head quickly as if trying to dislodge a thought that had no place being there. Then she came to a stop and peered around. The swamp around us looked the same on all sides. A few trees rising up from the water, impenetrable fog all around, blocking out everything more than a few feet away.
“I need to get my bearings,” Cearo said.
“You’re lost?” Mom asked, trying very hard to ask it calmly. I didn’t say anything, but oh shit, if Cearo was lost, we were beyond screwed.
“I believe we are fine, but give me a moment. Rest.” She climbed the closest tree and disappeared from view.
“What does she expect to see up there? It’ll still be foggy,” Eric pointed out. He and Mom sat down on an exposed root of the same tree and huddled together for warmth. I stayed in the water.
Mom shrugged. “Maybe it’s clearer at the top.” That was weak, but it didn’t matter. Cearo was gone already.
Eric was still disgruntled, and he and Mom continued to speak in low voices. Their words didn’t make it to me, so my mind drifted. I looked all around, trying to pick out any details that made it through the mist. I wandered around to the other side of the tree, and to my surprise, there was something there.
It was faint, and I could only just make it out enough to know it was there. It was a small, white orb of light, only slightly brighter than the surrounding fog. I couldn’t tell what it was coming from. It just hung there in the air. I took a couple of small steps toward it, hoping it would become a bit clearer. But just as I was about to take one more, it bobbed away. I could still see it there, but it’s like it wanted to keep its distance from me. I took another step, and it bobbed away again. What the hell was it?
Step. Bob away. Step. Damn it, why won’t it stay still?
I wanted to chase it. I wanted to catch it. I didn’t know why, but I had to. It just seemed like the best idea. It would be like that fish I caught in the river in Yosemite. I knew I could get it.
I took a moment to ready my stance. My muscles tensed in anticipation.
A sound, maybe a voice, came from behind me.
Breathe.
The sound came again but it was not important.
Go.
I sprinted for it. Or attempted to sprint. In the calf deep water, it was more of a series of loud, splashing leaps. The light reacted instantly. It bobbed away from me faster this time. I kept going though, determined to catch this thing. I thought I was gaining on it, but that may have been wishful thinking. It was still nothing but an indistinct light in the fog. I could tell though, that as much as it bobbed away from me, it never increased the distance between us. I would get it eventually. As soon as it tired out even a little, I would be on it.
The noise behind me came again, more urgent this time. It was still of no importance to me.
All of a sudden, the light jerked to the right. Since it moved sideways rather than forward this time, I definitely gained on it. I angled my body in the new direction and finally got close enough to make out a shape. I could just barely make out what looked like a tiny, hunched man carrying a lantern.
There were more noises now. I wished they’d stop, but I didn’t waste time shushing them. The little man was right there.
He stopped, lantern swaying a few times before it too rested. I kept on splashing my way over. I was going to reach him now. Just as his form became distinct, he turned to face me with an eerie smile. Before I could ask myself why or stop moving toward him, I dropped.
Straight down, I was pulled by some unseen force under the water. A second ago the water was only a foot or two deep, but now I was completely under. I thrashed and tried to swim up, but it was no use. The water was pushing at me almost like there was a current traveling downward. It was much too strong for me to fight. I could see the light above me, held by the little man, growing dimmer. Lungs burning, I reached for it, but I knew it was useless. I couldn’t make it back up there at this point, even if the dragging force stopped. I’d run out of air first. Then to murder my very last drop of hope, a new shape blocked out the light entirely.
I let my eyes drift down to what I presumed would be my grave. I was going to die down here. I escaped the Seelie and a freaking hellhound just to drown in this bizarre swamp. I glimpsed a pair of malicious, silvery eyes below me before deciding that I didn’t want to know what’s down there after all. I thought about how Mom was going to kill me for wandering off and dying. And about how Cearo would be disappointed. Those were my last thoughts before I lost consciousness.
Chapter 20
CEARO
I did not need to get my bearings. I needed a moment out of the water. Not entirely possible here with the fog, but at least the branches could hold me above the swamp.
What are you doing to him, Water?
I knew the answer was nothing. My Water had been trying its hardest to get to him, but I had wrenched it back to me. That did not mean the rest of the water elementals had left him alone though. He should have been cold like his brother, but instead he seemed as accustomed to the dampness as I was, not affected at all.
This was not proof.
But what if he — 
“David!” Eric’s yell sounded over his splashes. I jerked around, ready to reprimand him. But I choked off my words. He was running away. And so was David.
I leaped after them at the same time as Willa. We all called for David. He did not turn. He ran like he had not even registered our voices. We cried out again and again, but I knew there had to be a reason for his lack of response. My only hope was that I would catch up. I was almost to Eric, but David was faster.
A light became visible past him when it moved sideways. A wisp. They hunted by entrancing humans with their magical light and leading them to their deaths. I put on a burst of speed. I had to get to David first.
No. No no no.
He dropped into the water. There in front of me one second, gone the next.
No no no no no.
Eric was just a few feet ahead of me. He plunged in after David. I did not pause to figure out if it had been done purposely or accidentally. David would not be dead yet. Not yet.
I dove. A current took me instantly. That was not normal. A wisp could not do this. It could lead a human to deep or fast-moving water, but those things had to exist already. This was not natural for a swamp though. I looked everywhere for what could be doing this.
There. At the bottom, already reaching for David, was a siren. Her song was whirling the water into chaos. The current became stronger as her excitement grew. It had been quite some time since any creature out here had caught a human.
I kicked faster. The siren’s current pulled me toward them. Getting back to the surface would be much more difficult though. I begged Water to help me, to help David, if it was so fond of him.
Bright blue appeared to one side of the siren. It caught her attention. It caught mine.
It could not be.
But there they were. Water elementals. While I had one in me, the free ones never showed themselves. Especially not to me. Not since — 
Grab David.
Right. I could reach him now. I used the siren’s distraction and pulled David to me. My Water did as I asked and helped propel us upward.
The siren’s attention came back to her prey, now stolen. She screamed in anger and the current picked up again. We were too far for her to catch though. We broke the surface and I scrambled to get us out of the hole. David was unconscious, but he was able to regurgitate some water. I began dragging him away as soon as I felt him breathe again.
“David! Where’s Eric?” Willa asked me. She tried to examine David while searching for Eric at the same time.
“He fell in. Or jumped.” I continued carrying David away.
“I’ll take David. Go get Eric,” Willa said as she tried to take him from me. My instincts were selfish. My instincts made me grip him tighter.
“There is a siren. He is as good as dead.” I continued carrying David away.
“What?! You’re just going to leave him?!”
“I cannot help him.” I continued carrying David away.
“But — you — Eric — ”
I continued carrying David away.
Suddenly, she cut off her own stuttering and jumped down toward the siren and her probably dead son. I paused. Willa might survive a siren. Especially if the siren was already full. I would give her three minutes.
I used the time to check David for injuries. He had no obvious ones, other than his lungs that likely still contained too much water. I flipped him and pounded his back until more came out. Then for good measure, I spread all that remained of my ground unicorn horn on his chest, back, and head.
He would be alright. He would wake up. Water would not kill him.
Willa burst out of the water at two minutes. She dragged a body out with her. I was mildly surprised. The body jerked and coughed. I was more than mildly surprised. Not that anyone would be able to tell. My eyebrows twitched up for just a second.
She turned a rage-filled gaze on me. “He’s not dead,” she snarled.
I could see that now. I was impressed that she had managed to get him away from the siren. But was I less interested in hearing the story as in getting out of this swamp. I resumed carrying David away. She hauled Eric along behind me.
I thought it was going to take ages to reach dry ground. David was not the heaviest man, but he still outweighed me. To my continued surprise though, Eric woke up after only a few minutes. We paused to let him cough and gain his balance. He was woozy, but he could walk on his own. Willa came to lift David’s feet. Together, we carried him much faster. We did not speak along the way.
David groaned, but he never fully came to. We set him down when we reached dry land. He stopped making sounds then. He should have seemed better, more peaceful, without the groaning, but instead I worried it meant he was further from waking.
I immediately set to work weaving a mat we could use to drag him. My arms were tired, but I forced them to move fast. I did not want to waste time here. Willa did not help until it came time to move David. As we heaved him onto it, Eric asked, “Why is he still knocked out?”
Willa answered him before I had the chance. I doubted I would have taken the chance anyway. “Probably a side effect of the trance he was in. He may be out for a while.” She held a hand out to him to help him up. They were ready, or as ready as they could be, to keep moving. I was too. We had caused quite the scene in the swamp. There was a chance the Seelie had seen or heard something. So why were my feet refusing to move?
David had not stirred since we had left the swamp.
He needs Water.
Experimentally, I dipped my hand back into the swamp water and flicked some onto David’s forehead. He groaned.
“Come on,” Willa prompted. “Do you need me to help pull him?”
“No.” I gathered a tiny bit of the water in the air into a drop. It landed on his forehead. He groaned again. “Alright, go.” I took the handle I had woven into the mat and we moved forward.
It was a bumpy ride. The ground here was half covered with protruding roots. I tried to find the gentlest paths but it was nearly impossible. I hoped the jostling would help wake him rather than hurt his head further. I sprinkled him with condensation every few minutes. He stirred more and more. Soon he was coughing. Most of the water was out of his system now. He let out the last in a particularly violent cough.
A crash sounded from ahead. Eric had turned back at David’s hacking and tripped. Now he was rolling on the ground, cursing. Willa loudly fretted over him. I stayed by David. I dripped a little more water onto his face. He shifted slightly. He no longer coughed. I was sure he had gotten it all out. If he would only wake up now. Damn wisps and their maddening mind tricks.
“I think it’s sprained,” I heard Willa saying. “You shouldn’t walk on it.”
“How are we supposed to get out of here if I can’t walk?” He tried to stand, but he obviously could not put any weight on his injured ankle. He hopped a few paces. He was not going to get far that way. Definitely not home. Willa stopped him.
“Let’s make another of those mats.” She set him back on the ground and got to work.
Eric crawled closer to David to check on him. “At least he isn’t coughing up his lungs anymore,” he said, I think to himself. He looked at me from the corner of his eye. He seemed to be in a dilemma. Stay near his brother or get away from me? I did not care about the outcome of his internal battle. I stayed where I was. Staying with his brother eventually won out, but he turned his back on me and refused to look at me anymore. I still did not care.
More drops on David’s head. David squeezed his brother’s hand and turned his face toward me.
Chapter 21
DAVID
I woke shaking and sputtering. It was cold and the ground seemed to be punching me in the back. My stomach heaved and I rolled over to let out whatever was coming up. I should’ve just stayed where I was. The ground crashed into my face when I tried to bend over. I waited a moment, then convinced my head to turn to the side so I could breathe. A pair of feet stopped in their tracks and turned toward me. I vomited up more bile. The feet moved around a square of tangled vines and stopped next to my face. I groaned at the thought of movement.
“Wake up. Get back on the mat,” said a voice that I assumed belonged with the feet.
The mat. The tangled vines. Right. That’s what the voice meant. Getting there would require moving. I wasn’t feeling up for that. I groaned again.
“David?” came another voice. I hoped this one wouldn’t ask me to move. “David, honey, we have to go. Can you get onto the mat?”
I tried to shake my head, but I don’t think it worked. Maybe staying still will give them the message.
“Let’s move him.” Victory! I liked the second voice.
“No. He will get himself there.” What? Not a fan of the first voice.
“He’s barely conscious! Let’s just move him!” I inwardly cheered for the second voice.
The first voice gave no reply. I felt a few drops of water fall on my head. Was that courtesy of the first voice? Trying to drown me again?
“How is this helping, Cearo?” asked the second voice exasperatedly. “We shouldn’t linger. Let’s go.”
I felt the drops slide down my head to my neck. They felt rather nice. They shouldn’t have, given recent events. But they did. Like they were hugging me now instead of smothering me.
“He can do it,” whispered the first voice, now named Cearo.
Cearo. Cearo is a fairy. But not a fairy trying to kill me. Other fairies are trying to kill me. We are in their world. And we are trying to get out of it. I remembered everything all at once. We needed to move.
I twitched a couple of times before my muscles started listening to me. I brought my arms under me, hands on the ground, and heaved myself up. I crawled on my hands and knees to the square of vines. I collapsed on top of it, tired but triumphant. I didn’t look up in time to see if Cearo also looked triumphant. I imagined she did though.
She commenced dragging me along the ground. I didn’t have the energy to complain about the discomfort. I drifted in and out of consciousness, and the only indication of time passing was the growing darkness.
I was shaken awake some indeterminable amount of time later. The night was black around me. The bright, blue eyes staring at me startled me, and I jerked back for a second. Then Cearo’s hand came down on my arm, and I calmed.
“Are you feeling better?” she asked.
I didn’t feel sick anymore, so I nodded, then realized she might not be able to see it clearly. “Yes,” I said, my voice coming out rough and scratchy.
“A wisp’s trance can leave you feeling unwell for quite a while.”
I didn’t know what exactly she was talking about but I said, “I’m fine.”
She probably didn’t believe me, but she moved on. “We need to get you into the hide-out.”
“Okay. Show me where.” I sat up slowly, hoping my stomach would stay steady once I moved into an upright position. I looked around for an entrance but saw nothing but a small, shallow bog surrounded by more forest. I could hardly see anything by the tiny amount of moonlight coming through the trees and mist. That was going to make climbing a tree difficult.
“You may not like it,” Cearo said.
I looked at her, not understanding. Her eyes moved toward the bog and then back to me. My eyebrows raised as I got it. The entrance was in the bog. Wonderful.
There was some rustling nearby and a sharp intake of breath. “We’re ready to go,” came Mom’s voice.
“We will help you after Eric. Stay right here and do not pass out again,” Cearo told me as she got up.
There was some more rustling and a few awkward sounding steps as they shuffled over to the bog. Was it just the darkness making them question each step or was one of them injured? The sharp breath I heard earlier suggested the latter. I hoped it wasn’t bad. There was splashing, then their dark mass dropped into the water. It was as if there was suddenly a vertical drop at that precise location, just like the one in the swamp that I fell into. Now I knew why Cearo said I may not like it. I’d have to relive nearly drowning. This was turning out to be a spectacularly awful day.
I dropped back onto my elbows to wait for Cearo. It didn’t take long. She and Mom both reached out for solid land and pulled themselves up out of the hole. They came over to me and each grabbed an arm. We walked into the bog, faster than Eric because I didn’t actually need as much help as they thought I did. I froze when we neared the spot where I thought the hole was.
“Hold your breath and I am going to pull you into a chamber where the water will drain out,” Cearo said. “This hole is only about twenty feet deep and the chamber is attached. You will not be underwater long.”
I breathed in and out once to calm myself then took one more deep breath in. Sensing I was ready, they pulled me forward one more step and together we went under.
We dropped straight down about six feet before we started floating back up. I tried to tread water to keep myself down, but this hole was thin and barely fit the three of us. It was probably another place that Cearo had built assuming she’d never have to take anyone else here. She grabbed into the soft earth next to her and used it to propel herself down. She took my arm to pull me down with her, but I was able to do it myself.
Only halfway to the bottom, she stopped and put her hands to the wall. A circle of earth gave way and she quickly waved Mom and me through. As soon as she had followed us in, she put her hands to the inside wall and the earth mended itself, cutting off the flow of water into this chamber. The water that had made it in drained away into the grates on the floor. When it was done, Cearo moved to the opposite wall and created another doorway.
It opened to a large, nearly bare room. Candles sat in holders hung on the walls every six inches or so. All of them burned, creating a soft glow to light up the whole room. Eric sat propped against the left wall, covered in a fur blanket. In the far right corner there was a pile of extra furs, and between that and Eric there was a fireplace set into the wall. Mom went to start the fire, and shivering like crazy, I grabbed a fur. I plopped down next to Eric and wrapped myself up.
Eric and I looked at each other and at the same time asked, “So what happened?” We paused to see who would continue. I couldn’t hold back long though because I wanted to know if he was hurt, as I suspected, and how badly. “Tell me what happened to you,” I said, my eyes inspecting him for injury. It must’ve been hidden by the blanket because what I could see only pointed to general tiredness.
“Sprained my ankle on the way here, but it’ll be fine. What’s not fine is I nearly drowned trying to save your stupid butt. What the hell were you doing?” Eric demanded.
He looked at me like I was insane. Now that I thought about it, I surely was. Why the hell did I chase after that damn light? I almost got myself killed, and now I find out I almost got Eric killed too. I vaguely remember the voices behind me as I was running and the shape that blocked out the light from above as I was pulled underwater. That must have been Eric jumping in after me.
Not really knowing how to explain the feeling I had when I chased the little man and his light, I just said, “I don’t know…. I just had to catch it….” I knew that wasn’t even approaching adequate, but it was all I had.
“It was trying to kill you,” Mom chimed in. She had taken up the spot on the other side of Eric. She seemed sullen, her whole face pointed down, and I realized she hadn’t spoken since I’d woken by the bog. I watched her. She threw an angry glare at Cearo. What had happened with them? “You two need to learn fast that you can’t trust any of the creatures here. They can make you feel things. It’s all part of how they trap you.”
“Is everything trying to kill us?!” Eric snapped, pissed that this whole world seemed to be against us.
“Yes.” Cearo spoke quietly, but the power behind it silenced the room. She sat opposite the rest of us and stared at Mom disdainfully, unimpressed by her glare. Then she looked to Eric and continued, “Of course everything is trying to kill you. You are their natural prey and it is why your kind forced them here.” She said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world, like we should’ve expected to be hunted and be totally okay with it.
Eric and Mom weren’t having any of it. “Then maybe it’s a good thing they’re all trapped here,” Eric thew back. “They’re all evil!”
Mom remarked, “You may not understand what it is to love someone, Cearo, but I will protect my boys. Neither of them are going to die here.” Mom’s voice was vicious and clearly meant to cut Cearo deeply. I was shocked that she’d say something like that.
Cearo didn’t even twitch. Her face remained blank. The only reaction that I could sense at all was that her pause was just a moment too long. I wondered if anyone else had picked up on it. Looking only to Eric, she said, “They are not evil. They only want their favorite food.” She chose not to respond to Mom. If you didn’t hear the extra moment in her pause, then her lack of response would come off as arrogant, as if she was above the implied accusations. But I heard the moment. Mom’s arrow had hit its mark.
Mom continued to stare down Cearo, seeming unsure if she had won or not. Cearo had turned her head down and pulled out her book, already scribbling away. Eric looked like he wanted to keep the argument going, but I put my hand on his arm and gave a small shake of my head, knowing that it’d be pointless. Cearo’s mind had already left it behind.
Mom finally turned her attention to Eric and me and told us to get some sleep.
“How long are we here for?” I asked her.
“Until Eric can walk again,” she replied, barely glancing at me. She was pissed. I was pretty sure at least some of it was directed at me. I couldn’t blame her. I was pissed at me too. I still didn’t know what exactly happened to sprain Eric’s ankle, but it was probably my fault. The almost-drowning part definitely was.
With my metaphorical tail between my legs, I lay down and turned onto my side away from them. Eric nudged me a second later and gave me a look that said he didn’t blame me. But I did, so that hardly eased my guilt. Sleep eluded me despite his reassurance. I stared off into space, my mind going over everything that had happened today. I tried recovering some of the memories from the semiconscious state I was in during the journey. I wanted to gather clues as to what had happened between Mom and Cearo. It was useless though. Only blurred images of sky and treetops, the feel of water droplets sliding on my skin, and muffled voices came through.
By the time Mom and Eric were sound asleep, I had given up on remembering anything useful. Over their deep breathing, I could hear Cearo’s pencil scratching on the page. I crawled over and sat up at her side. She didn’t acknowledge me or pause her movements. She merely turned her book slightly so that I wouldn’t be able to see what she was working on.
“What do you do in there?” I whispered. “Write? Draw?”
I wasn’t expecting an answer, so I was surprised when she said, “Both.”
I nodded and we were comfortably silent for a minute. I shifted and managed to catch sight of the edge of a drawing of what looked like a village. “I think my Mom can draw. I know she can if you substitute frosting for a pencil.” I chuckled, picturing my Mom frosting a sketch pad. Cearo stopped for a second and looked at me, puzzled. “She frosted the cakes and stuff at home,” I explained. “She did really detailed designs. The last one she worked on was a scene with you in it.”
Cearo drew back to look at me, confused. “Why would she put me in her art?”
I shrugged. “I think she misses this world more than she admits.”
“That will change now,” she said, I thought rather solemnly. Mom had definitely gotten to her. I watched her as she resumed her drawing. She was making lots of tiny, precise marks. Her face moved closer to it with each one until her nose was nearly touching the page. Anytime she backed away from it, she looked sad, like she wished she could have kept going until she was inside the drawing instead.
“I’m sorry she said that to you.” She stopped again but wouldn’t look at me. “She didn’t mean it.”
“Yes, she did. They no longer trust me.”
Well…Eric had never trusted her, but I didn’t want to say that. Besides, I don’t think she cared a whole lot about Eric’s opinion. Or about him in general. Thinking about all that had happened, I realized the whole time she’d had a different attitude toward Eric than she had toward me. She was always showing concern for me, helping me, saving my ass, always leaving Eric for Mom to deal with. For whatever reason, Cearo was definitely biased. Maybe that was the root of the problem between her and Mom. Mom expected her to help both us humans and so far, she’d only really been helping me.
Finally, I told her, “Eric just doesn’t get you. And Mom…she trusts you…but I think for the wrong reasons.”
She watched me for a long time. I steadily held her gaze. Her yellow eyes held an emotion that I couldn’t name. It was sad and happy, regretful and wistful, and a thousand other things all at once. Then she whispered, “That is true,” before turning back to her drawing. She didn’t lift her pencil again though, just stared at the page, lost in thought.
I scooted forward so I could lie down. I was finally tired enough that I thought I could sleep. Before I did though, I asked, “Why haven’t you used that white stuff that healed my ankle on Eric?”
She came out of her head and focused on me again. “What?” she asked, surprised.
“I know you did something.” I didn’t actually know, since I hadn’t seen her do anything. But you’d think a bite from such a sadistic creature would’ve stayed open and ugly, like Mom’s had. She had to have healed it. “You let Mom use it too. Whatever magic that was, try it on Eric,” I said on a yawn. 
“I do not have any more,” she whispered. “I used the last on you.”
“Then find some more. I’ll help you,” I promised her. She didn’t respond, probably trying to think of a way to tell me I couldn’t help because it was too dangerous. “It would go a long way with both of them in the trust department. Please,” I added. Hopefully that would convince her to try to get some at least, whether she lets me help or not. It was a great idea. It would solve their trust issues and we’d get out of here sooner. Happy with myself for coming up with the idea, I settled in to sleep.
“Alright,” I heard her breathe just before sleep took me.
Chapter 22
CEARO
I stayed wide awake. I watched him sleep before my vision became unfocused and I stared at nothing.
Do I help Eric?
I did not want to. Getting what he needed would be difficult and risky. I did not want to put in the effort for a random human. Besides, he would heal naturally. There was really no reason to.
But you promised David.
There are no unicorns here anyway. He will let it go when I tell him that.
You know there is something else that will work.
The chances of finding it are slim.
I went back and forth in my head for what was probably hours. Eventually I stood. I still was not entirely decided, but I left. I rose from the bog and made for the river. I was fairly certain there would be at least one kelpie there. It was only a matter of finding it.
And convincing it to help. Most kelpies tolerated me. They rarely went after water fae out of respect for their element. They were the only other creature I knew of that had enough understanding of the elements to recognize their raw power. The siren had been transfixed by the elementals, but only because sirens liked shiny things. Kelpies are smarter. Some say they are smarter than humans and fae. I liked to believe we were relatively equal. They just had different tricks.
This one’s trick seemed to be pretending it was not there. It had to be though. In all my centuries here, I had never come across any large river or lake without a kelpie. I had seen what I thought were the reeds of a mane three times now, but the time stretched on between sightings and I grew less sure.
Help me, Water.
It tugged at me. It tried pulling me away from the river.
That makes no sense.
Another tug. I let it pull me a few yards back. Perhaps the kelpie was hiding from me? I waited.
Nothing is happening.
Water tugged again. It was in the same direction, away from the river.
That is ridiculous. Anyone else have an idea?
Earth and Fire offered nothing as expected. Air blew around me in a comforting embrace. It could be of no help finding the kelpie, but it tried to calm me. I took a deep breath to let out the frustration on the breeze.
I moved downstream. Kelpies typically galloped with the current, so that was the only thing I could think to do. I was still finding nothing. Even the reeds had stopped popping up. Night had turned to morning long ago by the time I gave up.
Water tugged.
Fine. I let it lead me.
It took me back to the bog. Really? All you wanted was to go back to David. Air had to come back to calm me down. I used it to create a small hurricane over the bog first.
Water did not like that. It leaped around inside me until I calmed the storm and let the bog go back to its peaceful, stagnant state.
I sat next to it and stared at nothing once more. I could not go back down with nothing. I did not know when I had made this decision, but it was imperative now that I get that kelpie.
Water tugged.
Stop it. You are not helping.
It tugged harder.
What? What do you want me to do? I put my hand out over the edge of the bog. I would not cause a hurricane again, but I needed to do something. I needed Water to show me what it meant. I let it take control.
A ripple began on one side of the bog. The ripple grew into a wave. The wave grew taller. It formed a point that crashed onto the ground near some grasses outside the bog. The water receded back and was still once more.
I was still confused. I racked my brain trying to figure out what it could be trying to say, but I came up with nothing. I went over to the spot it had crashed into. There were footprints here. They were just behind the grasses where one of us had paused before stepping into the bog. I thought they might be David’s as they looked so similar to my drawings of the footprints by the river.
David and the river. That was it. Water wanted David to go to the river.
There is no guarantee that it will be like before.
Water formed a little wave in the bog again that rushed up to the prints.
I had to admit I was curious. I hesitated, wondering if I should risk it. Finally I gave in. If anyone could find the kelpie, I had a feeling it was him.
And this would be the definitive test.
Chapter 23
DAVID
When I woke, Cearo was gone. I looked around the room for her, not that there was any place to hide. Eric was still sleeping, and Mom was rummaging through a new hole that had appeared in the wall that she and Eric had slept against.
“Where’d Cearo go?” I asked.
“Don’t know,” Mom answered in a clipped tone.
Oops. That probably shouldn’t have been the first thing out of my mouth this morning. Quickly changing the subject, I asked instead, “What are you looking for in there?” I walked over and saw it was a small pantry, stocked with a little food, fresh water, and basic medical supplies. There were also extra pencils and books for Cearo’s drawing.
“Anything useful,” Mom replied. “Eric’s ankle is already wrapped but there are things that can heal it faster. Look for a glittering, white powder or strips of blue seaweed.”
“Blue seaweed?”
“Yeah, that’s what it looks like anyway. It’ll actually be from a kelpie’s mane.”
I started searching the other side of the pantry, not questioning the weirdness anymore. I was getting used to it at this point. I opened any unidentified container, hoping one would hold the powder or kelpie mane, but I had no luck. It was all just more gauze or dry food. Mom double- then triple-checked every single one she looked in, then did the same for mine. When she finally had to admit there was nothing more here, she looked like she was about to explode with frustration.
“You’d think she’d keep these places stocked with things that actually matter!” she said as she threw a box of pencils to the ground. A couple of the pencils broke and the pieces rolled across the floor.
I put my hands on her shoulders and tried to get her to look at me. “Mom, calm down. I don’t think she uses this place much. It’s way smaller and emptier than her library. She probably didn’t think she’d need to keep much here. But we’ll figure something out. At worst, we’ll just have to hang tight until Eric heals the old fashioned way. There’s enough food to last us that long if need be.”
She wouldn’t meet my eyes. Her gaze fixed on half a pencil that had come to rest only a few inches to the side of her. I felt her deflate, but now she looked to be on the verge of crying. “I just want us to get out of here.” A tear escaped, but she wiped it away before it made it an inch down. “We should have just run for the closest UnSeelie gate. It’s not as far, and we’d have been long gone by now. We shouldn’t have trusted Cearo.” She had started at a whisper-yell and got quieter until the last was barely audible.
“Why not? She may be a bit…you know, but she’s gotten us out of quite a few tricky situations now. She’s trying to help us,” I told her. I didn’t see how we could have survived this long without Cearo, to be honest. We’d be dead, captured, or at least lost ten times over. But I knew Mom’s thoughts were being clouded right now by whatever had happened when I was out.
She looked at me and sighed. “I don’t understand how you see her.” Before I scrambled for an explanation for why I implicitly trusted her, she looked over me to Eric. Satisfied that he was still sleeping soundly, she let me in on what happened in the hours I was unconscious.
A wisp and a siren had teamed up to hunt me, and then Eric too, when he went after me. I couldn’t believe Eric would try to save me. We didn’t stand a chance against these creatures. He hadn’t even thought about it. He just saw me in trouble and reacted. I felt so guilty for nearly getting him drowned. I felt even more guilty that because I nearly got him drowned, he was too disoriented to walk and then sprained his ankle. I was a terrible brother. Plus it’s my fault we’re stuck here, waiting for him to heal, so I’m a terrible son too.
Throughout the story though, the only mention of Cearo was about how she saved me from the siren. That was a good thing, right? I still wasn’t seeing the problem that Mom obviously had with her. “So what exactly are you mad at Cearo for?” I asked.
Mom sighed. “You and Eric were both drowning,” she said. “She saved you. Only you.”
Why? Only me? I looked over at Eric’s sleeping form. “But….”
“When she came up with you, I expected her to hand you off and dive back down, but she didn’t. She just started pulling you away. I started yelling at her, but she refused to go back down, said there was a siren, and started walking away again like that was it.” She was getting more and more upset as she talked. Their fight was making sense now. How could Cearo just let Eric drown? She got me out just fine, but she didn’t even try with him? Mom echoed my thoughts. “She would have let him die as if it was nothing. He would have if the siren hadn’t been distracted when I dove for him.”
Mom was about to cry again, so I pulled her into a hug. “I’m sorry, Mom. I don’t get it either.”
Through sniffles, she whispered, “Why does she only help you?” She let go of me so she could look up at my face, like the answer would be written there.
But it wasn’t. I didn’t know why Cearo cared, only that she did. And I still couldn’t explain it, so I just mumbled, “I don’t know.”
“It’s not his fault, Mom,” Eric’s voice suddenly said. I didn’t know how long he’d been awake, but obviously long enough to overhear a little. “Stop making him feel guilty.”
“I’m sorry, I…,” she said, realizing how her question sounded. “Of course I’m glad you’re okay. But I don’t understand…. I thought Cearo helped people. She helped me. You know, before.”
“You’re not people, Mom,” Eric said. We both turned to him. Knowing what we were about to ask, he explained, “You’re a fairy. Maybe she’s just like the rest of them after all. Have you ever actually seen her help a human? Besides David, I mean. He’s definitely weird.”
No way. I wasn’t willing to believe that she was like the others, thinking humans were below her and reveling in their deaths. I had no idea why she treated Eric differently, but that couldn’t be it. No. Just no.
Mom considered it. She didn’t agree with Eric, but she didn’t disagree either. I could see that she didn’t want to believe that, but she was having trouble counting it out.
I had to defend her. “I still think she’ll help us.” I could sense the ‘you mean help you?’ hanging on their tongues. “I mean all of us.”
“Why?” Eric rolled his eyes. He didn’t have the slightest doubt about his evaluation of her.
I was thinking of how she healed me, and how last night she quietly promised to find whatever had done it and use it on Eric. I had no proof that she would actually do it, so I didn’t want to say anything about it. But what else would make them believe me? They had to believe me. Believe in her. She wasn’t a monster.
The wall where we came in shook and crumbled. I was saved for the time being from trying to come up with a reason. Cearo stepped in, soaking wet, dripping everywhere. She didn’t seem to notice though, and she didn’t go for a fur to dry off. She definitely noticed our abrupt end in conversation, but she didn’t seem to care that we’d been talking about her. Instead, she got straight to the point. “David, I need help. Follow me.”
“Wait, where are you taking him?” Mom cut in, barring me with her arm from taking a step.
“He will be fine,” she told her calmly.
“Where are you taking him?” Mom asked again, slowly, as if Cearo wasn’t understanding the question.
“Up,” she replied. That was not a good enough answer for Mom, but Cearo cut her off before she could start again. “I need to find something. He will not get hurt.”
“I’ll help you find it,” Mom offered. “He stays here.”
“An earth fairy will not be able to find it. He can.”
“That doesn’t make sense. He doesn’t know this world. I do,” Mom said adamantly.
Cearo had had enough and wasn’t budging. She turned and walked back into the antechamber. “I need David. Earth will not do.” Her back was to us and it obvious that she wouldn’t listen to any more arguments.
I cut off Mom’s argument before it started. “Just let me go. You know she won’t let anything happen to me.”
After our earlier conversation, she couldn’t deny that. She sighed and dropped her arm. “Make her tell you what she’s doing. And don’t do it if it’s dangerous.”
I caught myself before I rolled my eyes on reflex at her motherly overprotection. It was probably called for this time. But I knew it was true when I told her, “Don’t worry. We’ll be fine.”
I stepped into the antechamber and the wall reformed seconds later. The sound of the shifting earth echoed in the otherwise silent room. When we were cut off completely, Cearo asked, “Will you be able to swim up?”
She was really asking if I could do it without panicking. I was still feeling wary of it after the ordeal, but I’d always enjoyed swimming before and I refused to let this scare me forever. So there was only one way to overcome it. “Yeah, I can do it, no problem.”
The opposite wall cracked and crumbled. Water rushed in and it didn’t drain away this time. Cearo had to yell over the noise. “We have to wait for the chamber to fill or we will be dragged back.”
The chamber was filling fast. The water was already up to my thighs by the time she finished her sentence. It took less than a minute more to reach my chest. I started treading water and just as it got up to my neck, took the deepest breath I could manage. I plunged under and used the wall behind me to push off toward the opening. The water was still flowing into the chamber, but it was slowing down now. It was easy to move through. I wasn’t trapped. I was fine. No panic. My hand hit the wall of the tunnel, and my fingers dug in. I looked up and saw light above, but thankfully it was not the light from the little man’s lantern. I kicked up toward it, and soon my head was above water once again. I breathed a sigh of relief before pulling myself out of the hole.
Moments later, as I stood in the shallow bog, Cearo emerged as well. She stood and started walking, gesturing for me to follow. “We need to find a kelpie,” she said.
“Okay, all I know about those is they have manes like blue seaweed. Do they look like horses then?” I asked.
“Yes. It will appear to be a regular horse if the kelpie is on land. It will be wet, but the coloring will be normal. When they go into the water, their manes and fur change. If it is on land, look for the small fins on the ankles. That is the only way to be sure.”
I nodded. A wet horse with fins on its ankles. It should be obvious, I thought. There was only one thing I wanted to know. “So why do you need me?” Mom was right; I didn’t know this world. I bet she could find it faster than me.
“I think you will find it. And I think it will not want to kill you.”
“Um, you think this because?”
She turned around to study me. “I just do.” She started walking away. Sigh…. I decided to go with it because what else was I going to do? Hoping this wouldn’t turn into another disaster, I caught up to her.
We ended up at a small, fast-flowing river. It wasn’t anything special from what I could tell. It could have been the same river where I met Boden back in Yosemite. But I was smart enough to know by now that nothing here is what it seems. This river was surely hiding something.
“Try to stay out of the trees but within reach of them,” Cearo advised. “This river is deeper than it appears, and possibly home to hungry creatures.”
I nodded. “Will the kelpie be hungry?”
“I hope so.”
I jerked to a halt. “Wait, I’m bait?! That’s what you need me for?!” Had she decided I was just another human? What the hell? I thought I was the one she gave a damn about.
“I need you to see if you can track the kelpie. We are both bait. But once it senses what you are, it will not attack you.” She was a master at sounding confident and unaffected, but I still heard the ‘I think’ hanging off her statement.
I was about to hightail it back to the bog when I saw it. A shape in the corner of my eye caught my attention. Right where the water started was an indentation. It was barely visible through the water and fading fast from the rushing current, but it was there. It was a perfectly shaped hoofprint.
Cearo noticed my attention had switched and started frantically searching for what I was seeing. “Where? What?”
I pointed to the nearly invisible print. I think she glimpsed it a second before it washed away entirely.
“Which way did it go?” she asked.
It looked like the animal that had made it had gone into the water and disappeared. I didn’t see any other tracks on either bank, but I felt sure that it had gone upstream. It was like someone was whispering the answer into my mind. I knew it had headed that way.
I turned and started walking without a word. Cearo followed no questions asked. A minute later I spotted another print just high enough that the water touched only the edge. I pointed it out, and Cearo smiled for a second.
“I had been looking downstream all morning,” she said.
We picked up the pace, now fully convinced we were going in the right direction. We saw two more faint prints stamped in the mud. Just as we were about to go around a bend, the whisper in my mind told me to slow down. I obeyed and put an arm out in front of Cearo so she’d do the same.
We moved around the curve slowly and carefully until we saw the other side. And there it was. It was like Cearo described. Standing on the bank, out of reach of the water, it looked like a wet horse. It was a deep chestnut color with a dark, almost black mane. It was beautiful, and I was filled with the desire to ride it. Did I know how to ride a horse? It didn’t matter. I’d learn. It took a step toward us, and before I could think it through, I took three steps toward it. Cearo grabbed my arm at the same time as the voice whispered for me to wait.
I came back to myself. The kelpie must be doing something, like the wisp had, to lure me in. I looked away from it, hoping that would cut off its power.
“Focus on what is not right about it.”
I didn’t understand what Cearo meant. There was nothing not right about it. It was the perfect horse.
“Look at its ankles.”
I hesitantly did. Fins. It had fins on its ankles. That wasn’t right. Trying to keep that at the front of my mind, I let my gaze drift up. Its wet mane was a bit matted, like it was made of large, flat strips instead of thin hairs. The side of its neck not covered by the mane was slitted. Gills. This was not a horse. And like that, the spell was broken. I could look at it without losing my rationality.
The kelpie had been taking slow, hesitant steps toward us, almost as if it was shy but still wanted to say hello. As soon as it lost its power over me though, its demeanor changed. It faced me head on and grunted. Then it charged.
I whirled around and noticed Cearo had, at some point, stepped several feet back from me. She offered no protection as I sought to escape the kelpie. In fact, all she did was melt into the trees with a mildly worried expression on her face. After I passed her, I glanced back at the kelpie. It was gaining on me, but there was still a fair distance between us. I had to think. What can I do to get away from it? Run straight and it’ll catch up. Jump into the river and it’ll have me right where it wants me.
I tried to launch myself into the forest, thinking maybe its weakness was being tethered to the river. I didn’t get to test the theory though. I tripped and fell hard onto the ground, half my body still beyond the treeline. I was done for now. The kelpie had halved the distance between us. I tried to brace myself for being stomped on or ripped to shreds, whatever it is kelpies do.
Then suddenly two blue lights flared. They appeared inches from me, between the kelpie and me, but they were gone too fast for me to tell what they were. It didn’t matter though. The kelpie had seen them too, and it reared up, startled.
When it righted itself, it stopped in its tracks. It glanced around warily. The strange lights gone for the time being, it focused on me. This creature may look like a horse, but this close I could see the intelligence in its eyes. It wasn’t staring at me blankly or even like I was nothing more than food. It was figuring me out. It no longer grunted angrily, but instead, sniffed the air in front of me. It turned its face so it could study me intently with one eye.
I didn’t move. I was stone. It didn’t seem to know what to make of me, and I feared that if I took off then I would startle it into action again. It was upon me now. It leaned down and nudged my leg. It didn’t bite. It backed off a step, but kept its head bent down toward me.
“Go to it,” Cearo’s voice suddenly sounded right behind me. I jolted and the kelpie did too. Cearo put a hand on my shoulder. “Go to it. It will not hurt you.”
“Are you insane? Let’s go while we can. Slowly,” I said.
“No, go pet it. It will let you. And ask it if we can have some of its mane,” she said. She slipped a small knife into my hand.
“If I try to cut it, it’ll try to kill me again.”
“Not if you ask first,” she responded. When I still didn’t move, she prodded me in the back. “Go.” She slunk back into the trees.
I looked back at the kelpie. It still stood there, watching me. It looked docile, and not due to the magic. It was waiting to see what I’d do.
Very slowly, I got to my feet. Then I inched forward, unarmed hand outstretched toward it, knife held far out behind me. It flicked its tale, and I didn’t know if that was a good or bad sign. I kept going since it didn’t seem to be getting aggressive again. Finally, I placed my hand on its nose. It didn’t jump or run away, so I gave it a couple of soft pets. It watched me with its intelligent eyes the whole time.
“Hi…,” I said to it. “Are you going to kill me?”
I didn’t think it would answer, but it gave a small shake of its head. No, it wouldn’t kill me.
“Why?” I knew it couldn’t answer that one. I continued to pet it lightly as it let out a whinnie. It seemed to like me, and I was starting to like it despite its attitude earlier. I smiled and ran my fingers through its mane. Being so close to it, I could see and feel now that it wasn’t hair. It was slick, like a plant would be. Some of it looked like seaweed, some of it like reeds, only the wrong color. “Can I take some of this?” I asked, feeling a piece of the seaweed-like mane. “I think it will help my brother.”
It nodded.
I slowly brought the knife up. Before I cut, I asked, “This won’t hurt you, will it?”
It shook its head no.
I cut a couple of the strips off, thinking that should be enough to go around Eric’s ankle a few times. It turned a deep greenish-blue in my hand. This must be its true form. “Thank you.”
It nodded again and nuzzled me quickly before turning to the river. When all of its feet were submerged, it began to change. The mane turned the same greenish-blue that the pieces in my hand were, so similar to the plant life it imitated. Its coat turned to scales that were an iridescent red-orange, like a tropical fish. It shined in the light as it threw its head back and neighed in delight. I thought it was beautiful as a horse, but this…this was the most magnificent thing I’d ever seen. I waved goodbye to it as it plunged into the river.
I turned back to the forest, pieces of the mane in hand, and saw Cearo standing a few yards in. She was watching me with a huge smile on her face. The first real smile she’d shown. It lit her up as bright as the kelpie.
Chapter 24
CEARO
There it was. I had proof. Water wanted David. The kelpie recognized it. I was positive I had seen the elementals twice now. My Water was jumping around in excitement as if cheering.
He turned to face me. He had an expression of absolute delight and wonder. I could not blame him. Kelpies were gorgeous creatures when they were not trying to disembowel you. A flicker of confusion flashed on his face when he looked at me, but it did nothing to dampen his joy. If anything, it magnified it. I glanced down at myself, wondering why he was confused. I found nothing.
“You know how to smile,” he said.
Wha — Oh. I was smiling. I had not smiled this widely since the pictures I drew were reality. I was surprised my face was capable of it. Air danced around us. I was happy. This was the oddest feeling. I wanted to keep it.
He chuckled and his arm brushed me when he passed. “Come on, let’s head back.”
We walked side by side, never more than a couple of feet apart. It took him a few minutes to ask, “So what happened back there?”
“Those blue lights, you saw them?”
“Yeah, was that something you did?”
“No. Those were water elementals.” His eyebrows rose. “Free ones, unattached to a fairy. They like you, so they were watching out for you.”
He looked pleased. “What did I do to make them like me?”
I told him half of the truth. “Usually the elementals will like people who have a particular aptitude for them. If they like them enough, they will attach themselves to the person. That is how the first fae were made.”
He was silent for a while. He was probably trying to think of a time when he had shown any interest in water. I could tell him many, but I was not ready for that yet. “So is that how you got your elementals?”
I paused. “Not Water,” I said, “but Air took a similar liking to me. I used to climb trees, rocks, anything as high as I could, so I could feel the wind. It made me feel like I was flying.” I smiled as I recalled. Air had been my friend since my earliest memories. “It always made me feel better to be up high and feel like the wind would carry me away.”
“Can you fly?”
I laughed at the excitement the idea triggered in him. “No, not really. I can do this though.” David waited with an eager smile as I climbed to the very top of a large tree. The wind blew around me in greeting. Air danced inside me, happy to be showing off when Water had been getting so much attention lately.
I lept. The air formed a miniature current around me that I could glide on. I was not immune to gravity, but the air wanted to keep me for itself; it did not let me go back to earth easily. I landed gently next to David. His eyes were wide with wonder.
“That is so cool,” he said.
When it came time to turn into the forest to get back to the bog, he stopped to take one more look at the river. “This doesn’t look that different from the river I was fishing in a few days ago.” I let him process everything. When he turned back to me, he said, “I caught one with my bare hands that day.” He grinned and told me the story of how the fish had put up a brave fight but had been no match for him. I laughed at that. I could imagine it perfectly because I had seen it before.
Chapter 25
DAVID
Cearo and I were in good spirits when we got back to the bog. Diving to the antechamber didn’t bother me at all. I felt like I’d never be afraid of anything again after surviving, and even befriending, the kelpie. Did I need to be now that the water elementals were protecting me?
I walked into the main room with a wide smile plastered on my face. Mom and Eric’s conversation stopped suddenly. They were probably talking about Cearo again. Hopefully this would make things better. I held up the pieces of the kelpie’s mane and said to Mom, “Blue seaweed.”
Her mouth fell open in shock. I waited for it to wear off before her joyous exclamations would begin. That’s not what I got though. Instead of being happy, she turned angry eyes on Cearo and yelled, “You made him hunt a kelpie?!” She stormed over, looking like she’d tackle Cearo.
My smile vanished instantly, and I put myself between them. “Mom, stop — ”
“Do you have any idea how dangerous that is?! They can overpower a full-grown fairy!” Mom was screaming and trying to push past me. Cearo was behind me, so I had no idea how she was reacting, but she hadn’t said anything in defense yet.
“Mom! Calm down! Look at me. I’m fine.” I grabbed her shoulders and forced her to look at me instead of Cearo. “I’m fine. Nothing happened. Well, something happened, but it was good!”
“What? What happened?” She started searching me for injuries, having paid zero attention to my clarification.
I pried her hands off me as she lifted the arm holding the mane, looking for any hidden bites or bruises. I pushed them back down to her sides. “Really, Mom, I’m fine. My appendages are all still attached and functional. Can you wrap Eric’s ankle while we tell you the story?”
Mom hesitated and threw one last glare at Cearo. “While you tell the story,” she said to me. She snatched the mane and took it over to Eric.
Eric had been silent and confused this whole time. When Mom knelt down and uncovered his ankle, he asked, “Blue seaweed? You lost me there. Way back there.”
“It’s actually hair from a kelpie’s mane. They’re related to unicorns and have some healing powers. We’ll bind your ankle with this and it should be better by tomorrow morning,” Mom explained.
“Sweet,” Eric said.
“Now just how did you manage to get it?” Mom asked me.
Here we go. “We found one upriver. At first it chased me.” I decided to leave out just how close it had come to catching me. “But then these blue lights flashed in front of me. I didn’t know what they were, but they made the kelpie stop.”
“Blue lights?” She froze.
“Yeah. Cearo said they’re water elementals.” She looked to Cearo for confirmation. Cearo nodded. “Anyway, the kelpie was actually pretty docile after it saw them. It let me cut some of its mane.”
“It let you do it? Not Cearo?”
I didn’t know why that was important, but I answered, “Yeah. I think it would have let her, but it seemed more interested in me.”
Mom didn’t say anymore as she finished binding Eric’s ankle. When she finished, she replied simply, “Okay.” She nodded to herself and went to store the bit of mane that remained.
I was amazed that was all she had to say after how pissed off she’d gotten. I wasn’t sure what questions to ask though. I didn’t know what was going on in her head.
She came back into the room trying very hard to appear fine and not worried at all. “Cearo, all this food is old. Shall we go try to find something fresher?”
Cearo agreed even though it was an obvious ploy to get her alone. They walked into the antechamber and were gone. I just hoped Mom wouldn’t actually hit her now that I wasn’t between them. Who would win between them? Cearo’s badass but never underestimate my mom when she’s pissed.
Eric’s thoughts had evidently aligned with mine. “Think they’ll kill each other?”
“I guess we’ll find out when only one of them comes back.” We laughed somewhat awkwardly before lapsing into silence. I sat down next to him. Still awkward. I couldn’t help but feel like we’d been on opposing sides for most of this trip. I sighed.
“So water elementals, huh?” he said.
“Yeah,” I replied, smiling. “Cearo said they’re protecting me.”
“Mom said she saw some blue lights by the siren when she dove for me.”
“Really? Maybe it was them. Maybe they’re protecting you too.” That would be awesome.
“I don’t think so. Mom said they were fading when she got down there. They’d probably been there for you and were just leaving.” He sounded sad, and I felt guilty again. Why did this world seem to like me more? “So what else happened? You and Cearo…?”
“What do you mean?”
“Dude, you look at her with goo-goo eyes.” He attempted to laugh at me, but it came out uncomfortable again.
I did? Damn. “Nothing, man. Can you actually imagine that?” I laughed it off even though I kind of wanted a real answer.
“No, definitely not.” Eric gave a real smile for a second as he pictured it. “I can’t imagine her…. But that’s sort of the point.”
“The point?”
“I can’t imagine her actually giving a shit about anyone…so be careful.” He’d gone serious again, obviously worried that heartless Cearo would break me.
“There’s nothing to worry about,” I said defensively. Not only did I have no need for a take-it-slow lecture, as nothing was happening, but Cearo wasn’t heartless. I didn’t know how to make them believe that. Mostly because I didn’t have much evidence to support it besides my own intuition. “She’s really not that bad, you know.”
“Mom says she doesn’t know how to care about people. She’s been alone a long time, probably her whole life.”
I knew she’d been alone too long. That was certainly the reason for some of her quirks, like how she rarely speaks. She’s just not used to it. “But doesn’t that mean the solution is to be around her? Be her friend?”
“No, it’s a reason to stay away from her. She doesn’t know how to be decent.” He looked at me like I was nuts.
“If she had friends, then maybe she’d get better. Stay away from her and she stays alone and the same.”
I didn’t know why we were arguing this. I was sure we were stuck with Cearo whether we liked it or not until we were out of this world. Then we’d go our separate ways whether we liked it or not. And neither of us were going to budge on our opinions, so I just dropped it.
After a few minutes of strained silence, I yawned. It had been an insane day, and it was finally hitting me how tired I was. Eric caught my yawn, so we wordlessly agreed to sleep and leave this argument for another day.
When I woke, Mom and Cearo were back. Neither were dead or sporting a black eye. That was a good sign. Mom was asleep in front of the fire. They must have just gotten back, because she was still wet from the bog. Cearo was in the same spot as last night, and while her book was out, she was staring off into space, rather than drawing.
She sensed my gaze. I went to her side, so we could talk without waking the others.
“Thanks for getting the kelpie,” I said. I may have been the one to actually get what we needed, but I wouldn’t have known how if she hadn’t made the decision to help Eric.
“They still do not trust me.”
I refused to tell her about my conversation with Eric. He was a lost cause and I didn’t see the point in telling her if she couldn’t do anything about it. “What did you and my mom talk about?”
She hesitated. Finally she said, “You are the first person any free elemental has shown itself to in centuries.”
That took a moment to sink in. “Really? I’m the first human in centuries?”
“Human or fairy.”
Whoa. The only thing my brain could manage to ask was, “Why?”
“They have not shown themselves since the split between Seelie and UnSeelie occurred. I believe they were disappointed in our pettiness…. I do not know what it means for them to reveal themselves to you.” She spoke carefully. She either didn’t want to tell me what she thought it meant or she was bothered by the fact that she actually didn’t know something.
“Is it a bad thing? Because if the kelpie was any indication, it doesn’t seem bad.”
“No, not bad…strange,” she said.
“Well, that’s an understatement. This whole situation is strange,” I pointed out. Her expression turned worried, so I grinned to reassure her. “But that’s okay. You and my mom don’t hate each other anymore, right?”
“She is uneasy….” She didn’t go on. She pulled her body in like she was trying to make herself as small as possible. She was the one who was uneasy right now.
“Because she doesn’t think you’re capable of caring about anyone?” She curled in on herself, completely hiding her face and didn’t respond. I knew that was an awful question, but if I was going to gather some evidence for Mom and Eric to prove she wasn’t ice cold, then I needed to know what I was working with. I asked as quietly and non-threateningly as I could, “Have you ever loved someone?”
When she peeked at me, I flashed back to the prison and the fleeting expression of sorrow that I thought I had seen on her. There was no mistaking it now. The misery was etched into every line of her face. It was the deepest, most intense sadness I had ever seen. I couldn’t breathe with her looking at me that way.
And why was she? I didn’t do anything. I couldn’t have. Right?
“Yes,” she finally whispered. She turned away, and I could breathe again.
Carefully, not knowing if I even wanted to know the answer, I asked, “What happened?”
She didn’t answer right away. “He died.” That was all she gave me. The silence was heavy.
“Cearo?” No response. Not even a twitch. She was gone.
Maybe this line of questioning had been a mistake after all. I’d pushed her even further into her own head than she normally was. And I wasn’t sure if she’d ever come out again.
“I wish you’d be happy again,” I said. Still nothing. “You have a nice smile.” I don’t think she even heard me. I didn’t wait for a response that time. I just lay down to sleep.
I dreamed I was running. I was far away from them. They needed my help. I had to get to them. I would get them and bring them back there, to far away. I ran. Almost to them. A voice screamed from where I’d come, barely audible now that I was in the far away. Before I could look, something hit me in the back.
I woke up fast. Cearo was there, still asleep, mumbling something in a rough sounding language that felt familiar, although I couldn’t understand it.
I sat up slowly, so I wouldn’t disturb her. Eric was awake across the room. He’d taken one of Cearo’s pencils and was doodling on the wall. He gave a look that said he didn’t approve of me sleeping next to Cearo. I crossed over to his side and took another pencil. I added on some horns, fangs, and a devil’s tail to his drawing of the Seelie king. It was a perfect likeness. It may not have been very original, but Eric’s shoulders still bounced as he chuckled silently.
“Any idea what time it is?” Eric asked.
“No clue. It was light outside when Cearo and I came back. I don’t know how long I slept though. Is the cabin fever hitting you?”
“Nah. It’s just weird not being able to see the sun for so long. Throws off all sense of time.”
“It can’t be past five a.m.”
“Why not?”
“Because Mom’s sleeping, not baking.” We both laughed. Mom was up and baking by five o’clock at the latest. No exceptions, not even being stuck in a different world. It also wouldn’t matter that she had nothing to bake here. She’d still wake up expecting to do it.
Right as we got ourselves under control, Mom did wake up and without a word, went to the cupboard. She came out with a pot of water and various foods. She made a quick stew and stuck it over the dying fire. “When Cearo wakes up, she can get that going strong again.” She noticed us grinning at her. “What?”
Eric and I burst into a new fit of laughter. “It’s not baking but close enough,” he gasped out.
“What?” Mom said.
“We wanted to know what time it is. It’s five,” I said. She didn’t get it. “Because you’re awake and baking — well, cooking.”
She looked back and forth between us. “You two must be really starved for comedy,” she said, but she was smiling too. “Oh Cearo, can you get the fire going again?” We’d woken her up, and she was staring at us like we were purple-spotted, five-headed aliens. Although, I wouldn’t be surprised if that kind of creature actually existed somewhere in this world. I asked Mom about it. She and Eric looked at me like I was high. Then the laughter started all over again.
“Where the hell did that come from?” Eric asked.
“I don’t know. I just thought of it,” I said. “Mom’s right, we are starved for comedy.”
“I’m glad you’re not permanently traumatized,” she said. She turned to fiddle with the pot. Cearo went over to help, though somewhat reluctantly. The flames roared back to life and soon we were chowing down on Mom’s not-terrible stew.
“I want to show you all something,” Cearo said out of nowhere.
“Okay,” I responded when no one else did. Cearo didn’t move, so I went on, “What is it?”
“It will be on our way to the gate…sort of.”
“Sort of?” I knew Mom and Eric would be hesitant of going anywhere that wasn’t straight for the gate.
“It is maybe an hour out of the way,” she confessed. “But it is worth it. You should all see it.”
“Are you going to tell us what ‘it’ is?” Mom asked.
“Just a place.” Cearo paused and noticed Mom’s suspicious gaze. I guess their chat yesterday hadn’t fixed everything. There wasn’t any venom in it though. That was a start. “A grove,” Cearo clarified.
Mom considered, then shrugged as if it was no big deal. “Alright, as long as it doesn’t take more than an hour or two. Eric, how’s your ankle?”
He stood and tested it. “Feels good as new,” he said when he put all of his weight on it.
“Great, let’s get going.” Mom herded us all toward the antechamber.
We made it out to the bog in record time. We were getting used to this kind of stuff, and I wondered how we would get used to L.A. again. The thought made me sad for some reason, so I pushed it out of my mind.
“Has there been any sign of our fairy friends?” Eric asked before we got on our way.
We all told him no, but we took a minute to look and listen for anything out of the ordinary. Not finding anything, Cearo went over to a tree and stuck her hand in. I had to do a double take because the cut in the tree was only just visible if you were looking for it. She pulled out more furs and tossed them to each of us. She gave me two, one that was a large blanket like the rest and one that was smaller with a hole in the middle.
“You can wear that if you want to,” she said.
I put it on. It fit like a poncho, an unevenly cut poncho. Not very stylish, but I didn’t care. It was functional.
“It is approximately two days to the gate from here,” she told us. “I do not have any more hide-outs directly on the path. We will have to camp.” She waited for our nods of approval before taking off, which was a new one.
“We did go to Yosemite to camp,” Eric said before heading off in the direction he thought was right. He almost was, so Cearo was able to steer him straight without any fuss. We set off, furs in tow, just as the sun awakened. Cearo also carried a bow and a set of arrows that she’d retrieved from the hollow. I wondered what she anticipated using them for.
Chapter 26
CEARO
I was trying to be kinder toward Willa and even Eric. They still looked at me skeptically. I hoped they would trust me enough to come to this place I had found. I wanted Willa to see it. She needed to see it.
I had found it after Willa had left the fae world. I had told myself I was scouting the area, but the truth was there was nothing to see there. It was in the far reaches of the Seelie Kingdom, where they only ruled by technicality. They hardly went there, and there was no one there to obey them when they did.
I had wanted complete solitude. Willa was the first fae I had interacted with, aside from those I had killed, in centuries. Helping her escape meant being with her constantly for those days. It had been an overload for my mind and I attempted to counterbalance that when she was gone. I decided to explore an area I had not been to in quite a while to see if anything had changed and to compose myself.
It was not entirely effective. I became consumed with my drawings for the longest period yet. I could not be sure, but I thought I may have spent years there. Willa had brought all my memories to the surface. When she went to the human world, I oscillated between euphoria that she existed and what that could mean, and despair that she was gone and I would never find out. Getting out of my head had never been my strong suit. I have spent so much time alone. And at that time, it had been absolutely impossible to focus on the outside world.
Interestingly, it had been a kelpie that finally got my attention. It had been quite short on food. It was desperate enough to try to take a bite of me. I fled toward the inner lands of the Seelie Kingdom and ended up near the farthest gate that they still regularly use. There, I happened upon a rogue troop breaking the rules. I took them and fed them to the kelpie. We had been in agreement ever since that any disorderly fae at that gate would be his. In return, he let me be.
After meeting the kelpie, I went back to policing the fae, but I often returned to this empty corner of Seelie land. I was on my way to feed the kelpie and his newfound herd when I discovered the meadow we were now headed toward.
I had called it ‘just a place’ because I could not think of the right words for it. It was a meadow, but that hardly makes it worth the time. There are plenty of meadows. This one was special though. It looked just like a smaller version of where I had met her. I had watched her there for a time before introducing myself. She had been happy. I thought this meadow could do that again. I thought it could remind her of what she had liked about this world. To what end, I was not sure yet. I would figure that out later.
Chapter 27
DAVID
We spent half the day hiking through monotonous forest. No creatures attacked and we never caught any sign of the Seelie. It started to feel like we were back in Yosemite on a normal hike. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to do normal hikes anymore after this. There was something about all the times in the last few days that we’d narrowly escaped death that just made this seem a bit boring. I softly tapped my knuckles on the next tree trunk I passed. There was really no need to tempt the universe.
Cearo did make her bow and arrows useful. She shot a few squirrels along the way and stowed them for later. Evidently she was now Katniss.
When the sun was high in the sky, the trees thinned out, allowing the rays to beat down on us. We were all sweating buckets within minutes. Mom, Eric, and I all collapsed to the ground at almost the same exact moment. Cearo stood there, probably thinking we were all wusses.
“Okay, good a place as any to break for lunch,” Mom said. Instead of looking for the food though, she lay down for a breather.
Cearo relented and came to sit with us. She took out the squirrels and seared them one by one just by holding them. Her eyes flickered red each time before defaulting back to yellow. I was glad that they always reverted back, because while the power to cook our food without the smoke from a wood fire was useful, the red eyes kind of freaked me out. The other fire fairies I’d seen looked like demons.
We ate slowly, for once not feeling rushed or urgent to move. I attributed it to our apparent lack of pursuers. “Do you think the Seelie have given up?” I wondered aloud.
“No, they just don’t know where to look,” Mom replied. “Hopefully our luck will hold up.”
“What are the UnSeelie up to, you think?” Eric asked.
Mom shot him a confused look. “Why do you ask that?”
“I don’t know,” he said. “We’ve been so worried about the Seelie, I just wonder what the others are getting up to.”
“I doubt they even know we’re here,” Mom said casually. “Good thing too. Less fae to worry about, the better. Have you been hearing anything interesting out of the UnSeelie court, Cearo? Any good gossip from my old friends?” Mom chuckled. I doubt any of us could imagine Cearo gossiping or even deigning to listen to it. If she eavesdropped and heard some girls prattling on about nothing, I pictured her rolling her eyes and sending over a gust of wind to ruin their perfectly coiffed hair.
We all looked over at her, waiting for her to tell us no. She hesitated. “No, nothing of interest lately. I spend most of my time on Seelie land. They are more trouble.” We nodded and lapsed into silence again. I wondered if she just didn’t get the joke or if she had heard something. I went with the former. What could she have heard that would be relevant to us?
“So how far are we from this grove?” Mom asked.
“An hour, I would say, or less,” Cearo said.
“What’s there? Why do you want us to see it?”
Her face scrunched slightly as she thought. “You will like it.” She didn’t explain further. For once, I think she wanted to but didn’t know how.
“Well, let’s see this thing,” I said, standing. “Words probably wouldn’t do it justice anyway.” Cearo looked relieved when Mom and Eric followed my lead. We covered the scraps we were leaving behind, just in case, and then set off for the mysterious grove.
We got there less than an hour later, as Cearo had predicted. I knew we were there before she said anything. We had crossed a brook that actually sounded like it was babbling. On the other side was a small copse of trees, the grove Cearo had referred to. But that wasn’t why she brought us. Just beyond the grove was a field. It was a bright rainbow of wildflowers, exactly how I imagined the field Mom had talked about back in the swamp.
I turned to Mom to see her reaction. She had stopped and was staring, mouth agape, at the field. “…just like UnSeelie land…,” she whispered to herself. A second later, she was tearing through the field so fast she created her own breeze. She ran through the flowers and grasses, making them bend, grow, and multiply in her wake. It was magical. Eric joined her, running like he’d never injured his ankle. He didn’t affect the flowers the way Mom did, but he looked happier than I could remember him ever being. The two of them laughed and jumped through the field until they’d tired and then collapsed down on a bed of grass that looked softer than any pillow.
Cearo and I had stopped at the edge of the field, in the shade of the trees. We watched them, me smiling widely, and Cearo with the ghost of a grin. She sat down on a root and said to me, “You were right. She does miss it here.”
I joined her on the roots and leaned back against the trunk. “Yeah, she never talks about her old life, but you can’t argue with that display.”
“She never mentioned it on the human plane?”
“Nope, not at all. We always thought she was from England because of her accent.”
“Strange….”
“I guess she was just scared of people thinking she’s crazy. Or maybe of her family finding her. She doesn’t seem to like them too much.”
“She liked them. She was close with her mother, especially. She was afraid of her own curiosity about humans and how the fae would perceive it if found out. I believe she ran away due to fear of becoming a substandard queen.”
I pondered that. I had forgotten that Mom wasn’t just any fairy, that she was actually a member of one of the royal families. It was such a stretch from our normal life and the way she acted that I couldn’t begin to imagine it. I pictured her in a gown, sitting on a throne, giving orders to servants. It seemed like a joke, it was so unlike Mom.
“It sounds ridiculous to me that she was royalty. I can’t see her like that. She’s a baker and an artist — well, a frosting artist. We live in a tiny house, not a castle, in a concrete city where the only green areas are man-made.”
“That is much more ridiculous.” A small, but real, smile came over Cearo’s face as she imagined our life in L.A.
“You’ll have to see it for yourself,” I told her.
Her brows went up in surprise at that. She didn’t have time to reply though before Mom and Eric had come over to join us.
“This place looks exactly like where we met,” Mom said to Cearo. She looked around, taking in every detail. “And I really mean exactly.”
“I know,” Cearo said.
“Did you make it?” Mom sounded like she didn’t believe that could be done, but it was the only explanation she could come up with.
“No, it is a coincidence. I always think of you when I am here though.”
“Do you come here a lot?” Eric asked. “You should build one of your hide-outs here.”
“It is not a good place for one. The trees are too thin to go up and down is already taken.”
Eric jumped in his seat and started patting the ground, searching for whatever had taken the ground. “Taken by what?” he asked nervously. At that moment, his finger found a small hole and out of it popped a tiny, brown man. He appeared to be made of earth and twigs. He stood at no more than three inches tall, very easy to step on, but that didn’t stop him from telling Eric off. At least, I thought that’s what he was doing. His voice was so high-pitched and squeaky that I couldn’t actually understand him, but it was hard to mistake the yelling and shaking fist for anything else. At one point, he even ran up to Eric and kicked him in the leg. Brave.
“Did you even feel that?” I asked.
“Not really.”
Mom was laughing so hard she was tearing up. Cearo looked like she was trying really hard to hold back. Eventually the thing stopped ranting and just put his hands on his hips like he was waiting for an apology. A second later his foot started tapping.
“I think he’s waiting for you to do something,” I told Eric.
“What am I supposed to do? Did you understand any of that?”
I shook my head, but then Mom calmed down enough to say, “You probably hit him on the head when your finger went in his tunnel. That’s very rude, Eric. Apologize.”
“Uh, okay. Sorry little, brown thing. I meant no harm.” His voice went up at the end like he wasn’t sure if he was supposed to mean no harm.
It didn’t look convinced of Eric’s sincerity. It looked to Mom and Cearo.
“He really is sorry,” Mom said. “He didn’t know you were there.”
Grudgingly accepting, he turned and disappeared back down his tunnel. Mom started laughing again and I joined in. Eric continued to look bewildered before finally morphing into amused with the rest of us.
“What just happened?” he asked between huffs of laughter.
“It’s a hob,” Mom answered. “They’re not dangerous, but they are intelligent, so you should mind your manners and not bonk them on the head. They will be very offended if you do.”
“How are you supposed to know they’re there?” Eric asked defensively.
“I guess I’m just used to looking for the tunnel entrances. Also we have one at home, so be careful not to step on him when we get back. Both of you have had near misses in the past and I’ve had to beg for forgiveness.”
“What?!” Eric and I exclaimed together.
“Yeah, he lives in the garage. He keeps to himself mostly, but there have been a few times one of you has gone running through while he’s trying to clean.”
“We have a hob living in and cleaning our garage?” I asked incredulously.
“How else do you think I’ve kept it spotless all these years?”
“How did it get there?” I countered.
“Hobs are the only magical creatures that still live in the human world. They’re rarely seen and they don’t hurt people, so they’ve gone pretty much unnoticed. Ours came with the house.”
“And you let it stay?” Eric asked.
“Why not?” She scowled at Eric for his prejudice. “Like I said, they’re harmless and they can be quite helpful. They’ll steal socks occasionally, but that’s a small price to pay for how great they are at tidying up.”
My eyes widened. This was life-changing information. “The identity of the sock gnome is revealed! I told you it wasn’t an interdimensional vortex accessible only to socks,” I told Eric.
Mom got the joke, but Cearo looked so confused. She asked, “Why would a gnome take socks? They would have no interest in them.”
I stared at her. Then I laughed even harder until my sides hurt. No one explained it to her, so the question stayed on her face. But she didn’t seem offended, and eventually she smiled along with us.
A few minutes later I noticed it had grown dark. When had that happened? We’d been here a while, but certainly not all day. I looked up to see that the sun was blocked by heavy, dark clouds. I was glad for the poncho Cearo had given me because it looked like I’d be needing it any second now.
“Wow, the weather changes fast here,” I commented.
The rest of them quieted down and took notice. Cearo’s face shot up to look at the sky just as the first snowflake came down in front of her.
“Is that snow?” Eric asked, disbelief clear in his tone.
“This is not good,” Cearo murmured.
“This isn’t natural, is it? The Seelie are doing this,” Mom said. All humor had vanished.
“I believe so,” Cearo replied.
“Shit, do they know where we are?” Eric spun around, searching.
“Can’t tell yet. Let’s get out of here quick,” Mom ordered.
We didn’t need to be told twice. We sprinted across the field, racing to get out of the open space, and only slowed slightly when we reached the trees on the other side. This wasn’t the thick forest we’d spent most of our journey in. It was sparse, thin trees and lots of brush that seemed determined to trip us. It was better than no cover at all though.
We ran as fast as we could without falling, but soon we had no choice but to walk. The ground was covered with bushes and brambles. They tried to grab hold of us with every step, sharp thorns latching onto our clothes and pricking any exposed skin. Not only did this make our getaway slow, we were leaving a really obvious trail.
“Boys, slow down for a second,” Mom called from behind us. “This isn’t working.”
“What are we supposed to do?” Eric asked.
“Here, let me get to the front. Cearo, you take the back. We should be able to move these out of our way and then back to cover our trail, like we did before.”
“It will be loud,” Cearo said. “They could still follow the noise.”
“All this crashing is already loud. At least this will be faster.” Mom passed by Eric and me. She used her earth element to make the thorny branches bend away from us, like she’d made the flowers in the field bend toward and away from her. Cearo was right, it was loud as the stiff branches cracked and shifted against each other, but it did give us a clear path.
We moved through it at a slow jog. Cearo made the branches fall back to approximately where they had been, but the bending had snapped a lot of them and they fell to the ground. The snow was coming down in earnest now, so hopefully that would cover the worst of it.
The temperature dropped unnaturally fast. Soon we were all shivering in the arctic air. Whenever we came to an area where Mom was having some trouble getting the branches to move enough, we’d continue jogging in place just to keep our body temperatures up.
We were facing a bush that was being particularly difficult when Eric spoke up. “Any sign of the Seelie? We should try to find someplace warm. We can’t go on like this all night.”
“He’s right,” Mom said, looking back at Cearo. “We need to get out of this weather.”
Cearo gave a sharp nod. “Let me see if I can tell how far this goes.” She climbed the nearest tree for a vantage point. She came back down only seconds later. “I have good news and bad news. The good news is there is no sign of the Seelie. I do not think they actually know where we are. The bad news is that because they do not know our exact location, they have spread this storm over a large area.”
“How large?” Mom asked.
“As far as I can see.” Her tone made it clear that even through the blur of snow, she could tell it went on for miles. The Seelie couldn’t find us and kill us personally, so they’d do it with a blizzard instead. The short spurt of happiness we’d found in the field had been slaughtered.
Finally, Eric broke the stunned silence. “We can’t be taken out by a damn storm. Not after all this.”
Mom and I both looked at him like we were preparing to break bad news to a child. As much as I wanted to agree and rally, we needed shelter now. The thorny bushes and spindly trees wouldn’t do. I glanced down at the fur blanket I still carried and it seemed entirely too little. It wouldn’t stop the snow from burying me by morning. The truth was, we hadn’t been prepared for this at all. I hadn’t even known this extreme weather was a possibility.
I opened my mouth but nothing came out. How was I supposed to tell him it was hopeless? Mom put a hand on his shoulder. She didn’t know what to say either though. I looked to Cearo.
She wasn’t paying attention. No, she was deep in thought, staring at nothing while she tried to work out this problem. And once again, she saved us.
“We need to get back to the hob colony.”
Chapter 28
CEARO
A storm of this size and magnitude was the work of several fae together. The truth was, I probably could counter it, but not without causing a disaster. I could put a lot of power behind my elements, but it made them so much harder to control. I had lost control before. I had no desire to repeat that.
The only other option was to wait it out. The closest shelter I had was hours away. Our blood would be frozen in our veins by then. All I could think to do was tunnel there. It would be more complicated than my tunnel out of the Seelie village though. The hobs knew how to navigate there. I hoped they would know of a way for us to get through.
The others followed me without a single objection. If that meant they trusted me again, I could not help but think they had picked the wrong moment. This plan was far from foolproof. It was hardly even a plan. I was going to try to avoid crushing the hobs and then beg for their assistance. The hobs may only know a path wide enough for hob-sized creatures to get through. They could simply say no and refuse to help at all. I had no back up if this did not work.
They would not say no. I had to believe it. We would get to shelter. We would best the Seelie again. We could not be defeated by the cold. Eric and I agreed on something. That had to mean it was true.
A branch broke from the weight of the snow. It nearly landed on Eric. I pulled him out of the way just in time. Thankfully, his shock only lasted a second before he focused on running again.
We would make it.
I chanted it in time with my steps. We would make it and wait it out. The Seelie could not keep this going forever. They would ruin their land if they tried. I wondered if they had spread this into UnSeelie territory as well. If so, the UnSeelie would not take it lightly. The UnSeelie would also know something was going on here. There would be even more fae for us to avoid. I hated the Seelie at times like this. They had a knack for making everything so inconvenient.
Chapter 29
DAVID
We ran. We didn’t ask questions. We didn’t slow to cover our trail. We just crashed through the way we’d come, Mom and Cearo using their magic to rip the bushes and brambles from the ground and throwing them out of the way. I looked back once and you’d think a giant had passed through. Maybe that would’ve been a good strategy to begin with.
It didn’t take nearly as long to get back. It was a bit discouraging to see how little distance we’d covered, but at least we got here fast.
Cearo skidded to a stop as soon as we reached the field. “Careful. We need their help. Do not step on them.” She dropped to her hands and knees and began looking for the hob tunnels. They started a couple of yards in. I hadn’t noticed them before, but now they were obvious because a ton of the little hobs had emerged to shovel snow out of the entrances. When they’d gotten it as clear as they could, they went back in and plugged it up with bark to keep new snow out.
Cearo got one’s attention just before it went under. She shoved a finger into its hole, which set it off on a rant as comical as the one Eric pissed off. This wasn’t the time though. And I thought she wanted us to avoid making them mad.
“Cearo, what do we need them for?” Mom asked. “We can’t burrow with them. We’d destroy their colony by our sheer size.”
Cearo didn’t answer. She started speaking soothingly to the hob in another language. It was different than the one she’d been murmuring in her sleep. This one prettier and less familiar sounding. Soon the hob calmed down and Cearo continued more urgently.
“Do you understand them?” I asked Mom. Eric and I were bouncing up and down behind them to keep our blood circulating.
“Not really. They’re going too fast.” Right as Mom spoke, Cearo pulled her finger out of the tunnel and the hob ran inside. “So they’re not going to help us?”
“They are. They know the land. It is hard to tunnel here in some places, but they have mapped the easiest routes to the other colony. We may be able to follow alongside them.”
“All the way to the gate?” Eric asked, hopeful again.
“No, they do not know how to get there. But the other colony is in one of my hide-outs.”
“I thought you didn’t have one around here,” I said.
“It is several hours out of the way. We will be back tracking some.”
“We can’t do that,” Mom protested. “We can’t go back. It’s a matter of time before the Seelie find a sign of us and then they’ll only be getting closer.”
“It will only be getting colder here.” Cearo’s words were barely out of her mouth before it felt like the temperature dropped another ten degrees. The snow came down harder and wind started blowing. It battered us so hard we nearly fell over. It made the cold that much more apparent. Cearo put a hand up and used her air element to redirect the gusts as best she could. There was only so much she could do though. Mom nodded her assent to the plan.
The hob dug his way back out with a second one following behind. He yelled something at Cearo that I hoped she got, because it was lost on the wind for me. Then he burrowed back in, plugging up the entrance and leaving the second hob outside with us. Cearo bent down and picked him up. She put him close to her ear so he could yell directly into it. He pointed to our left. Cearo nodded sharply and took off in that direction.
We all followed them, hopping through the deepening snow. I hadn’t seen an end to the field in this direction when the view was clear earlier. It went on so far that I felt like we weren’t making any progress, the view in front of us never changing. I had no idea how they knew when to stop, but the hob pointed at the ground and Cearo skidded to a halt.
We are past the colony now. We need to get underground,” she yelled back at Mom.
Mom nodded and together they made a hole, just wide enough for us all to fall through. We brought a good amount of snow with us, so they sealed it off quickly and tunneled forward to get to a dry spot. The hob lit a tiny torch that he had brought with him. He handed it off to Cearo. It was barely the size of a bundle of toothpicks in her hand, but it gave off a surprisingly bright flame. At least we could see and wouldn’t be running into the walls or each other constantly.
Eric and I started forward again, but the tunnel failed to expand for us. “What’s wrong?” Eric asked Cearo and Mom. “Why aren’t we running like we did after breaking out of the Seelie prison?”
“Calm down,” Mom told him. She was breathing hard. “Let’s just catch our breath. The Seelie aren’t on our tails yet.”
This seemed to flip a switch in Eric and make him feel how tired he actually was. He bent over to catch his breath also.
“And we will be going slower this time. There will be more in the way,” Cearo added.
“We don’t have any food left, do we?” I asked, realizing another problem.
Cearo shook her head. “I have some at the hide-out, but until then we will have to go without.”
“One more reason to save our energy then. Come on, guys, let’s take this at a nice, easy stroll,” Mom said.
At first it was simple, a straight shot under the never-ending field. But eventually the hob, who was riding along on Cearo’s shoulder, started guiding us every which way so that within minutes I had completely lost my sense of direction. I kept starting forward only to realize midstep that I was supposed to be going right now. I was getting dizzy from all of the sharp, quick turns.
“Is there a reason we can’t go straight?” I asked the next time we made a ninety-degree turn with no warning.
Cearo stopped and shifted the earth in the area we would have gone through had we kept going straight. Dirt fell to the ground, revealing a large, rough slab of gray stone. “There are rocks everywhere here. We have to go around them.” With nothing more to say on the subject, she continued on her way.
Mom looked back at me apologetically. “Sorry, hon, but I think you’re going to have to get used it. We don’t have any other option right now.”
I had to resign myself to this, but I started hanging back more, keeping a few extra feet behind them so I’d have a little warning before a turn. Sadly, this didn’t make much of a difference. My mind was getting fuzzy from the tiredness and hunger and the general discomfort that came from being stuck in this small, dark space. I couldn’t tell how much time had passed down here, but I felt like I’d been walking for eternity. My arms were scraped from all the times I took a turn a second too late, I was tripping over myself since my feet couldn’t keep up with the changing directions, and I was getting dizzier and dizzier.
Finally, I tripped over nothing, and when I landed, I stayed down. I couldn’t seem to catch my breath in here. “How long have we been walking? Please don’t say an hour. It feels like twelve.”
“I cannot be sure of the time, but we are almost there.” When Cearo saw I was still on the ground, she came over and tilted my head up at her, since I couldn’t be bothered to do it myself right now. “I do not like it down here either, but you need to keep going. I promise it is not much farther.”
“When you say ‘not much farther,’ do you really mean that we’re only half way there and I’ll have to endure another twelve hours down here?”
“No, we will be there before you can count to a hundred.”
I didn’t think I’d be able to count to ten an the moment, I was so exhausted. I looked up at Mom and Eric. Mom was fine, probably glad to be surrounded by her element. Eric didn’t look too worse for the wear either. That struck me as odd, but my brain didn’t want to think too hard right now. My gaze went back to Cearo, and I saw the tension in her body and her eyes taking quick glances up, the same way she did when she was forced to walk in the forest when we first met her. She hated being underground too. She needed to be in the air, her favorite element, but she could do this tunnelling thing for a while when she had to. So if she could, then I would suck it up and do it too. Getting back to my feet, I mumbled, “One.”
After what I thought — hoped — was a few minutes, we stopped. This time it wasn’t because I was ready to pass out. The hob was talking to Cearo and gesturing wildly.
“What’s he saying?” Eric asked.
“There is a large lake just in front of us. He does not know how we can cross.”
“Can’t we go around?”
“No, the rocks come right up to it.”
“How do they usually do it?”
“They are small and light enough that they can sprint across the surface. That is not an option for us of course.” She discarded a couple more options. It was too deep to go under, too dangerous in this snow to climb the rocks surrounding it.
We stayed silent for a minute as we all tried to think of a solution. Finally, when no one else seemed willing to say it, I did. “We have to go through then.”
Mom was the first to reject it. “David, we can’t swim through it. We’d get hypothermia before we made it ten yards.”
“Yeah, and what if something lives in there,” Eric added.
“Kelpies live there,” Cearo said.
“Yeah, see. I, for one, am not going in there to be mauled,” Eric stated, stomping a foot for emphasis.
“The kelpies,” Cearo said over him. “That is how we get across.”
We all stared at her. Eric was muttering, “No, no, no.”
“They’ll tear us apart,” Mom argued.
Cearo was looking at me. I couldn’t help her though. That one kelpie may have spared me but that didn’t mean all of them would, or that even the nice one would’ve let Mom and Eric go unharmed. I was shaking my head, but Cearo was undeterred. “We can ride them across. Willa will go with me and Eric with you.”
“No, Cearo,” I said. “That’s way too risky.”
“It is the only way we can get there.”
“I’d rather try my luck on the rocks,” Eric put in.
“You would impale yourself on the rocks,” Cearo told him. “This will work.” We were all still adamantly against it. Cearo sighed and sat down. “Think of another way. When you have given up, let me know.” With that, Cearo took out her book and a pencil and began drawing a map according the hob’s instructions. His squeaky dictations were the only sound as the rest of us sat and stared at each other, waiting for ideas. We didn’t have any though. Eventually our grumbling stomachs joined the hob’s voice in filling our cave with sound.
With one particularly demonic stomach growl, I gave up. “Alright, Cearo, can you explain to us how we won’t die if we try to ride the kelpies?”
Eric groaned but didn’t protest anymore. He was starving too. Mom just sighed, surely having come to the conclusion long ago that we’d be stuck with Cearo’s plan, but staying silent out of sheer stubbornness.
“These kelpies already know me, and like the one we met earlier, they will not hurt you. Furthermore, if they see that we are protecting Willa and Eric, they will leave them unharmed as well.”
“How can you be sure about that? They’re animals. They’re unpredictable.”
“Are you telling me you saw nothing more in that kelpie’s eyes?”
I thought back to the intelligence I could have sworn I’d seen in that kelpie. It didn’t act like it was just a horse, or even a weird, predatory horse. It had thought. It had understood me and communicated. “Okay, fine,” I muttered.
Eric’s head shot up. “You actually want to do this?”
I shrugged. “We’ve been sitting here silently, getting no closer to the food on the other side of the lake.”
Mom finally broke her silence. “If they make even one move to bite us, Cearo…I don’t know, I’ll take my chances on the rocks.” She stood and studied the roof. Just as she was about to make a hole for us to climb through, she noticed us all still sitting. “Well?”
Cearo and I shot into standing, and Eric dragged himself up as slowly as possible. “Hurry up, bro.”
He scowled at me. “I want to relish the last few seconds of my life.” I rolled my eyes, but he was up by the time I finished.
“Back up to the walls. There’s probably going to be a small avalanche,” Mom said. She slowly carved out a small hole and sure enough, snow fell through immediately. We were able to use it to stand on as we climbed out.
The cold hit me hard as soon as we were out. Holy shit, we’d been transported to Antarctica. Luckily though, the snow had stopped coming down and the wind had mostly abated. I looked around for our goal, Cearo’s hide-out, and my mouth dropped open. This was not what I had imagined. When Cearo had said rocks, I didn’t think she meant mountains. But that’s what these were. Before me, huge, jagged mountains rose up toward a sky encased in clouds, preventing me from seeing the peaks. There were smaller ones in front of them, but even they were enormous. They looked to be pure granite and many had been carved by nature into sharp points. Cearo hadn’t been kidding when she said we’d be impaled trying to climb those. They’d be deadly in the best weather.
We stood at the edge of these mountains. Behind us, they got smaller and smaller until they really were just rocks. In front of us, we were separated from the largest of them by a perfectly circular lake. There was no shore other than the small one we stood on. The lake looked like it was sitting inside a jagged-edged bowl. The water was a deep, royal blue color that seemed too vivid to be real. It was absolutely still despite the occasional gusts of wind. It was eerie in its stillness. I felt like I should be still too so as not to anger it.
“So what now?” Mom’s voice broke the spell.
Cearo motioned for me to join her at the edge of the water. “You two stay behind us,” she instructed Mom and Eric. “The kelpies will know someone is here.”
We waited, shivering in the cold, but no one complained, either out of fear of the coming kelpies or respect for the motionless lake. It didn’t take the kelpies long though. Four of them burst from the water with no warning. They ran at us, teeth flashing threateningly, for a few strides before stopping short. They recognized Cearo but were thrown off by the rest of us. They approached cautiously. When they were close, one of them, a blue one that exactly matched the color of the lake, walked ahead of the others. It nodded at Cearo and gave me a curious sniff.
“Holy shit,” Eric breathed behind me.
The kelpie’s gaze shot to him. It seemed like he didn’t quite know what to make of Eric. Food or friend? He looked back and forth at me for advice.
“Don’t eat him, please,” I asked the kelpie.
He grunted at me and turned to Cearo for confirmation that he shouldn’t snack on Eric.
“You can have my next fairy if you leave this one,” she indicated Mom, “and these two humans alone.”
“Your next fairy?” Mom muttered.
Cearo gave her a sideways glance.
My thoughts turned into nothing but a series of exclamation points for a second. She offers up fairies for food. Did she have to admit that now when we were trusting her and her deadly kelpies to help us?
“Not funny, Cearo,” Mom said. Cearo just shrugged.
The kelpie’s head tilted like he didn’t understand the exchange, but then he shook it off and nodded to Cearo. One of the others, this one an algae-green color, came to join us. The other two submerged themselves back into the lake.
“Get on,” Cearo said, mounting the blue one. Mom hesitated but then clambered up as fast as she could and held Cearo in a death grip. The green one watched me, waiting. Slowly, I climbed up. Reassured when it didn’t move to buck me off, I helped Eric up.
They set off immediately. They galloped like they were running rather than swimming, making strangely small splashes. The freezing water didn’t even graze us.
When we got to the halfway point, I was able to make out some lines in the mountain directly ahead. As we got nearer, I realized it was actually a wooden door, painted the same color as the mountains, set right into the granite. There was a window too, covered with shutters of the same gray color.
The kelpies stopped a few feet away from the door to let us off. Cearo jumped off and opened the door for the rest of us as we attempted to fly the remaining distance to avoid the freezing cold water. Of course that didn’t work, so my feet went numb immediately. As soon as I crossed the threshold, I jogged in place to try to work some feeling back into them.
Then I took in my surroundings. Much like the mountains, this was not what I had expected at all. It was like an actual house. Or I guess I would call it a cottage, since it was small and had that old, storybook feel. It had a small kitchen with a wood burning stove, a sitting area with hand carved chairs, and a narrow set of stairs that presumably led up to a bedroom. There were small, handmade decorations all over — a wood carved bird, a clay fox, and hundreds of sketches. This place looked like it came straight out of a Disney movie.
There was already a fire going in the fireplace, so we all made a beeline for it. I nearly jumped out of my shoes when the twigs sitting in front of the hearth got up and scattered. They were hobs, I realized. There were a bunch of hobs running around the place. A few were cleaning various items, a few were cooking in the kitchen, and several had been warming themselves by the fire before we barged in.
“Sorry,” I said to one that I had nearly crushed. It gave me an emphatic “hmph” before coming back to the hearth.
“They keep this place up for me and keep it a secret,” Cearo said. “In return, I share food and protect them from the kelpies in the lake. I also do not step on them.” The hob nodded his agreement and gave me a scathing look. Cearo looked amused at its anger.
We stood by the fire silently for a while, warming ourselves. At one point, a group of hobs carried a heaping pile of food over to us. They were strong for their tiny size. We ate silently as well. Finally, when we had nothing more to occupy ourselves with, Mom voiced a question I’d expected at the beginning of our escape from the Seelie, not now. “So the stories about you are true then?”
Chapter 30
CEARO
“Are you really surprised?” I asked. No one had a response. I had not thought this would come as a shock to her. Willa really should have known I was dangerous. With so many stories, she should know at least some of them are true. I thought back. They definitely knew that I had killed the guards when I first broke them out. I guess that was it though. Still, this was not much of a stretch.
Willa asked, “What do you do to them?”
“Kill them. If it is near here, feed them to the kelpies.” Eric audibly gulped, and he looked over his shoulder like the kelpies were going to come through the door at any moment. Willa seemed to be re-evaluating her entire relationship with me. I watched her calmly, waiting for her assessment. She did not yet look up.
David had been watching me carefully, like he did not want to pass judgement even though the evidence was clear. “Why?” he asked.
“Why what?”
“The boogeyman only gets people who do bad things.” He looked to Willa for confirmation that the stories about me were along the same lines. She did not give him any, but he went on anyway. “Why do you kill them?” he asked me.
David was so faithful. Of course he would look for a respectable reason. I could not say every kill was justifiable, but I thought the ones in the last few centuries had been. I focused on those. “There are rules here that must be followed. Can you imagine what would happen if the humans found out about us again?”
Willa nodded. She had not been alive during the war with humans, when we were first relegated to this realm, but her father was. She had heard the stories. She knew it could not be allowed to happen. “So why did you let me go?” she whispered.
I tensed. I had broken the rules. I could not tell her the reason. “Did you reveal us to the humans?”
She shook her head.
“I knew you would keep the secret,” I said. Truthfully, I had not known this at all, but I nodded like it was as simple as that. I got up quickly and ascended the staircase to the small sleeping area. I had not slept properly in days. I used that as an excuse to abandon the conversation.
I got a fire going in the upstairs fireplace and lay down facing the window. I wanted to open it to let in air, but I could see the storm was still raging. I turned my back on it. I created a tiny tornado of dust on the floor, and tried to let the swirling lull me to sleep.
A short time later, Willa came up with a blanket. I was half asleep, but I heard her say, “I’m letting the boys stay downstairs.” I knew she meant I’m keeping them away from you. She lay down between me and the door.
Chapter 31
DAVID
For the first time, Mom had given us explicit instructions to keep our distance from Cearo. “If she’s been going this far to keep the fae out of the human world, there’s no way she would have let me go on blind faith,” she said. I agreed with that, but I took it to mean something a little different. Mom seemed to think Cearo had had some elaborate plan to kill her and that it was finally coming to fruition. I, on the other hand…well, I still couldn’t figure out Cearo’s real reason, but I wasn’t worried about it.
After everyone had gone to sleep, I lay awake, listening to the fire crackle and the wood stairs creak. I was tired, but I couldn’t fall asleep. I tossed and turned repeatedly, always settling on my back, where I could look up toward the second floor. I got up and crept up the stairs. One groaned at my weight and I froze for a full minute. When no one woke up, I kept going until I reached the top.
I turned to the side and nearly tripped over Mom. It was a terrifying few seconds regaining my balance, and my brain whirred trying to form excuses for why I was up here. Thankfully, they were unnecessary. I stepped back and watched Mom go on sleeping. Cearo was still asleep as well. There was no mumbling this time, but her brow was slightly furrowed. Even in sleep she couldn’t really relax. I sighed and tried to project with my mind that it was okay, that I knew she was good.
Her eyes opened. I jumped. “Why do you have to do that,” I mouthed while holding my chest, miming a heart attack. I caught her trying to hide her smirk. I smiled at her. She motioned for me to go back downstairs. I waited for her brow to unfurrow before I did. Satisfied that she was alright now, my mind finally let me sleep.
We spent nearly three weeks in Cearo’s cottage. That’s how long the storm lasted. The Seelie really wanted to be sure they got us. Too bad for them that they didn’t know about this place.
I had started thinking of it as Cearo’s actual home. None of her other hide-outs had been made to last long, other than her library. This one was permanent though. She told us how the hobs had helped her build it as a thank you. When she started feeding the kelpies, the hobs had been preyed on less. By now, the kelpies had stopped eating them entirely, and the hobs could come and go as they pleased. This was a home for them too. Everywhere, if you looked closely, you could find little nooks and crannies where the hobs had built their own rooms and halls and stairways.
I spent the first few days amusing myself by watching them go about their hob business. There wasn’t a whole lot else I could do since the tension amongst the rest of us was high. We were mostly silent, and Mom followed Cearo everywhere to make sure she wasn’t up to anything sinister. At one point, when they were upstairs and Eric and I were eating in the kitchen, I said, “It’s like the beginning of our Yosemite trip all over again.”
“Huh?”
“Mom’s paranoia. You’d think Cearo was going to turn into a mountain lion.” We tried our hardest to smother our laughter so they wouldn’t hear but with little success. Mom’s face appeared from the top of the stairs. “It’s nothing, Mom.” She went back to Cearo, and Eric and I kept chuckling silently.
Mom may have been dogging Cearo’s steps every waking minute, but she had to sleep sometimes. When she did, Cearo would come sit with me, and we’d talk quietly. Eric glanced up at us once, but he didn’t say anything about it.
Cearo and I talked about everything. She told me more about the hobs and taught me how to say a few phrases in their language. I scooped one of the hobs up and tried it out. She — I thought it was a she — laughed playfully at me after the first couple sentences. Cearo said my accent was horrendous. Then the little hob kicked me in the nose at the third phrase. Cearo fell over, shaking with silent laughter.
“What did you make me say?!” I hit Cearo with a pillow as the hob jumped down from my hand and ran off.
Cearo caught her breath and told me, “You said, ‘Your bark is very rough and knobbly.’ You basically called her ugly.”
“You’re so mean!” I hit her again, but I couldn’t stop from laughing right along with her.
One night we talked for hours about our lives pre-fairies. I told her all about Sid and how he was going to kill me for missing his party. I tried singing some of his favorite songs, but it was hard to do that quietly with as much enthusiasm as he’d done it with. She still laughed though.
She told me a little about where she grew up. She didn’t know where it was today, since cities had changed the landscape so much. She thought it was somewhere in northern Europe though. When she was a kid, she lived with a tribe of, she estimated, fifty people. They farmed and raised livestock. She said that for a long time, she hadn’t really known there was a world outside her village because she’d only heard stories of it and its people.
“When did you leave?” I asked.
“When I was around your age, I think. We did not keep track then.”
“Was that before or after you got your air elemental?”
“It was the same day actually.”
I wondered if she’d gotten kicked out because of it. It seemed likely. I didn’t want to ask and make her feel bad though, so I skipped that question. “Where’d you go?”
“I wandered. The world could be a beautiful sight. I started painting and making things then,” she said, pointing at a fox carving on a table.
“You made that that long ago?”
“No, none of it has survived. But a lot of these are copies of my old favorites, memories that stick out.”
“What was special about the fox?”
“It followed me for a month, stealing my food. Irritating animal,” she said. I laughed as she glared at it. “I made a carving of it to see if that would scare it away.”
“And did it?”
“Yes,” she gave it an exaggerated evil smile. I laughed even harder.
Eventually, Mom accepted that Cearo wasn’t going to go on a killing spree, and things slowly got less awkward. I was able to talk to her during the day without risking Mom’s scowl. She showed us some of her best landscape sketches. They were amazing, especially the ones of a river that she’d drawn over and over again. Even Eric joined in the conversations and asked Cearo for some drawing tips.
During one of their art lessons, I noticed the hobs running around the kitchen cooking. They were making something similar to pancakes. I watched them pour the mixture into a pan and heft it into a holder over a small fire. It took ten of them to flip it when the time came. I went over to help them and got an idea.
“Hey, do you have more of the ingredients here?” I asked Cearo.
“Yes, I have them stored in cupboards back there.” Without turning to me, she motioned to the back of the cottage, behind the kitchen. I went over and opened a cupboard door. Inside was a space much larger than a cupboard. It was a storage space the size of my garage. It was filled to the ceiling with food and firewood. It was good to know the Seelie could keep this blizzard up for months and we’d still have enough to eat. But that wasn’t my concern at the moment.
I rummaged around until I found everything I needed. There was plenty of flour and sugar and the rest of the basic dry ingredients. There was no vanilla extract, but I found a jug of what smelled like maple syrup. That would work just as well. I was pretty sure the dairy and eggs I found in a cooler hadn’t come from cows and chickens, but the hobs had used them, so they must be safe. I hauled out what I needed and dragged it over to the makeshift stove.
I grabbed a bowl and starting mixing. When I had the dough ready, the hobs had finished with their pancake and left the fire going for me. I scooped out some of my dough and made it into a little disc. I kept repeating this and plopped four of them onto the pan. I looked up to realize everyone was watching me now. “What?”
“Are you making cookies?” Eric asked.
“Uh…yeah.” I glanced down at my attempt. “I mean, kinda. I don’t have an oven but this should still work.”
I waited a second and was relieved when Eric yelled, “Awesome!” He came over to wait impatiently for his. Cearo and Mom followed. The hobs gathered around to watch the process. A few were poking at the remaining dough. One finally tasted a little and the expression on his tiny face was one of rapture. I laughed at him and flipped the cookies. “You guys haven’t discovered sugar cookies?”
They couldn’t understand me, but Cearo answered for them. “They do not know much modern food. They have learned a little based on what I bring back from the human world on occasion, but that is not much.”
“Have you had one?” I asked her.
“No.” She looked at them, unimpressed.
“Just wait.” I grinned at her, and Eric chuckled. I was worried they wouldn’t be good given the limited means, but they had started to smell delicious, so I was hopeful. They were going to blow her away.
When they were finally done and cooled, I held the plate out to her ceremoniously and said, “My lady.” She took one and studied it, clearly confused by how important we were making this seem.
“Oh, just eat it already,” Mom told her.
She took a bite. Her brows rose and a small smile appeared on her face. For Cearo, that was the equivalent of the hob’s rapture.
“And now you’re an addict like the rest of us,” I teased. I made seconds and thirds, and we devoured them like hungry pirahnas. I made a batch everyday until we ran out of eggs. Between the baking and the art lessons and the conversations that were getting less awkward by the minute, it seemed the four of us had finally let go of any problems.
Life in the cottage had started to feel like the norm during the last week or so. We were all in good spirits, and the urgency that had consumed us as we ran for our lives had left us. We were used to this place now, and it didn’t appear we’d be leaving anytime soon. But then with no warning, that proved false.
Eric and I were helping Cearo haul up some wood to the loft’s fireplace, when he noticed it was oddly quiet. “Do you hear that?” Eric asked.
“No,” I replied after listening for a second. “What?”
“Exactly. Why is it so quiet all of a sudden?”
I listened again. He was right. Everything was still and silent. I looked around for the change. “The wind,” I said. I went over to the window to confirm my suspicion. “The wind stopped.” Eric came to join me. Outside the air was calm and the sun was shining. There was no more storm battering the windows. The snow was still on the ground, but now that I was paying attention, I could feel it getting warmer as well. The snow would start to melt soon.
“We can leave,” Eric breathed. My mouth opened but no words left. Misinterpreting my hesitation, he said, “I mean, not right this second. But as soon as the snow melts enough….”
The snow wasn’t what I was concerned about, but I nodded at him. “We should tell Mom and Cearo.”
We headed downstairs to let them know. Mom’s reaction was identical to Eric’s. “We can go home?” When Eric nodded, she jumped up with a laugh and ran upstairs to see for herself.
Cearo’s reaction was more like mine. No smile, no words, just surprise and trying hard to think of what to say. Eric followed Mom upstairs, leaving Cearo and me alone to stare at each other. “You are leaving,” she said. It was not a question.
“Yeah,” I answered anyway.
She turned away, uncomfortable. “I do not want you to,” she whispered.
“Me neither,” I whispered back. She looked at me again to judge whether I meant it. I did. As much as I missed home and normal life, I didn’t want to leave her. How could I keep her?
We broke our gaze when Mom and Eric came back down to plan.
Chapter 32
CEARO
We left the next day. The snow had melted quickly and only about half was left by that morning. It was easy to break through the remainder. The kelpies helped us across the lake again. Willa and Eric were not afraid this time. David rode confidently of course. I watched him the whole time, trying to memorize him.
I could not believe he was leaving. He would be gone, and I would have to go back to the never-ending numbness.
We dismounted and I directed everyone in the direction of the gate. I let them go ahead of me. I wanted to walk the rest of the way as slowly as possible. David nudged me. He tried to smile, but for once it did not reach his eyes. He took my hand to tug me along and did not let go when I caught up.
“You could stay here.” With me, I did not add.
He did not scoff at the idea. He actually thought. Sadly, the result was the same. “I can’t.” I knew he was right. He should not stay. Even with Water’s protection, this was not his world. I could not imagine him helping me oversee the fae or waiting around while I did. That was not the life he should have.
“You could come with me,” he said.
“Who would do my job?” I asked.
He sighed. I thought he had given up, but a few minutes later, he said, “You should hire an apprentice or something. Then when you’ve trained them up, they can do it and you can come to the human world with me.
I smiled at the thought. I considered it. It would not work. No fairy would want to do this, nor could they do it so well. It was a nice thought though. “I may do that,” I said truthfully.
Chapter 33
DAVID
We followed the same path we came by, only above ground. There were a ton of rocks up here to climb over and between, but I was glad to not be trapped underground this time. From the tops of rocks, I was able to see more of our path and not get so dizzy. My muscles were killing me though. I think we were all feeling it. After the relaxing weeks in the tiny cottage, we were not used to this anymore.
We collapsed when we finally made it to the edge of the forest near the hob colony. The hobs were nice enough to bring us some food before we passed out for the night. I kept my hand on Cearo’s the whole night.
The next day, we decided to take it a little more slowly for two reasons. One, our muscles were aching like crazy. Two, we were back in the thick, thorny underbrush. We couldn’t move very fast through it without the snow to cover our tracks. We’d only gone a few miles by the time night fell again.
Before we all dozed off again, Cearo told us the gate wasn’t actually much farther. It only seemed so because of how slow this area had to be traversed. She estimated we were only half a day away now. Mom and Eric were relieved. Neither Cearo nor I were jumping for joy. We set up a quick camp for the night and held onto each other’s hands one last time.
Cearo was talking in her sleep again when I woke up. It was same familiar language that I didn’t understand. When I moved, she gripped my hand tighter and her words became more urgent. I shook her awake. She jolted and gasped what sounded like “key-in.”
“It’s okay. Just me,” I said. She came to and watched me for a moment. Then she nodded to herself and let me help her up.
We got to the other side of the forest quicker than Cearo had thought. Beyond it was a small field with a rock arch right in the middle. It was maybe a football field away from us. So close but none of us moved beyond the tree line just yet.
“I take it that’s the gate?” Eric asked.
“Yes,” Cearo replied.
We still didn’t move. “It kind of looks like part of Stonehenge.”
“I am not sure who made Stonehenge, human or fae,” Cearo said. “I do think it was created as an attempt to get to this realm.”
“Did it work?”
“No. These gates are naturally occurring. They cannot be built. This arch was only built here to make the location visible.”
“What’s on the other side?” Mom asked.
“A cave. Go east. You will find a road to a human settlement in a few miles.”
“Right,” Mom nodded.
Still no one moved forward. “Does anyone else feel like something’s about to happen?” Eric could have been reading my mind. I had a weird feeling, but I didn’t know why. Mom and Cearo nodded slowly.
A branch snapped and we all whirled around. Cearo’s hands were on her belt of knives before the fairy hit the ground. He was still dizzy from his fall when the blade was buried in his neck. He had not been alone though.
Everything in and around the field shook, and at least two dozen fairies were surrounding us. The ones closest to us smiled and one gave a huff of laughter. They were way too excited for this.
“Shit…” Eric and I breathed at the same time. It was everyone’s cue to move. Cearo whipped her belt off and shoved the weapons at me. The fairy nearest threw a burst of flame at her. Mom made the ground roll to trip him, sending the fireball upward instead of at us. Another Seelie did the same ground roll to Mom. I armed Eric and myself with the knives and we immediately started swinging at whatever came near enough. Eric tackled one that got too close to Mom.
It was a free for all. We tried to run every which way but there was no breaking through. The Seelie started using their elements more, knocking us down, trapping our feet in the ground. Mom and Cearo tried to counter as much of it as they could, but when the rain started, it was next to impossible. It was hard to see through it, and my grip on my knives was slipping.
A shape grew in front of me, walking much too calmly to be my friend. I had just succeeded in pulling my foot out of a muddy hole when I saw the glint of metal. I managed to block his dagger with my own. He came at me again and again, surely knowing I wasn’t very good at this and that he’d win eventually.
“Here, I’ll make it easier for you, human,” he said to me. The rain tapered off to a sprinkle.
I could see better now at least. I didn’t bother thanking him. Keeping his dagger away was still taking all of my focus. The sudden cease in the rain had caught the attention of a yellow-eyed fairy. He was watching us now, enjoying the show even though anyone could see the ending coming from a mile away. The dagger was getting closer and closer to it’s target with every thrust.
Suddenly, a scream sounded over the fighting. It was Eric. With more force than he’d been expecting, I shoved my opponent away. He stumbled for one step and that was all I needed to turn away from him. My attention left him. I was already sprinting toward my brother.
I was halfway there when the world exploded.
Chapter 34
CEARO
There was a scream. Then David flashed past me. I had been guarding his back the whole time. Or trying to. But his back was elsewhere now. I moved to get myself between him and the enemies again. But he had turned his back on them.
The water fairy was distracted, picking himself up. But the air fairy was not. He had pulled his own dagger out.
I was too far. My eyes tracked the path between David and the blade. The dagger was thrown.
I was too far. It would hit its mark. It would bury itself in his heart.
Again.
No. No, no, no. NO. “NO!”
I burst.
Wind threw everything away from me. My vision tunnelled, and I watched the dagger miss as David was thrown to the ground. I barely noticed the fae go flying. Flames roared up, scorching everything. Everything but him. The screams hardly registered and died off quickly. I felt lightheaded and I staggered. Water poured down only after the fire had finished its work. I fell to the ground. Wind blew the ash in small spirals. I would miss the wind.
I was empty.
Chapter 35
DAVID
I saw her fall. I saw it, but it couldn’t be true. She’s too powerful and too smart and too everything that is good about this place. All of the Seelie fell with her, reduced to ashes that blew away on the wind. Her wind. Her wind that was dying now that she lay there limp.
I struggled to stay on my feet long enough to reach her. When I got close enough, I fell to my knees and grabbed her hand. It was the hand I’d held last night. Only it didn’t hold mine back anymore. I choked on a sob. She couldn’t be dead. I didn’t know how I could ever be okay if she was gone. “No! This isn’t happening. This can’t be happening!” I cried. “Please, Cearo, please come back. Please come back to me.”
I heard Mom’s voice behind me, and Eric’s as it answered hers. I didn’t understand what they said. I felt them come up behind me as I gathered Cearo into my arms. I shook with sobs.
“David?” Eric asked cautiously. “Are you alright — I mean, are you hurt?”
I turned only my head, unwilling to loosen my grip on Cearo. I managed to see enough through my tears to be assured that both of them were more or less unharmed. They were standing and their limbs were all accounted for. Cearo’s maelstrom had skipped me entirely, like I hadn’t been there. They looked like they’d been sunburned and then plunged into water. They were fine though.
“Is she…?” he started. I turned back.
“I saw what happened,” Mom whispered. I didn’t look up. “She threw too much of her power out. Her elementals left her.” She spoke like it was unbelievable, impossible.
“What does that mean?” Eric asked for me.
“She’s dead. The elementals are what make us immortal.”
“Are you sure?”
“Look at her eyes,” she whispered.
I gently lifted an eyelid. I was shocked. The iris was brown. Not yellow or blue or even green or red. Brown.
“Her elementals are gone,” Mom confirmed.
This made no sense. I couldn’t deal with this. My sobs became even more forceful. I couldn’t breathe. “No, no, no, no,” I endlessly repeated. I buried my face in her neck.
And I felt it.
“I’m sorry, David. I’m sad too,” Mom was saying, “but we have to get out of here.”
“Wait,” I croaked. I put my fingers to Cearo’s neck. It was there. “She has a pulse.” I cried again, but this time in relief. “She’s not dead. We can help her!”
I looked to Mom and waited for her do something to heal her fellow fairy. She shifted and couldn’t meet my eye. “There’s nothing I can do, David,” she whispered. “I’m sorry.”
I tried to think fast. “The kelpies!” I yelled. “The kelpies can heal her.”
“David, I don’t think they’ll be able to do anything. And she’s going to die any minute. We have to leave, sweetheart,” she said, stroking my head, “before we’re trapped again. She would understand.”
I refused to budge. There had to be something I could do. I wasn’t going back to the human world, leaving her like this.
“Mom, maybe we should go to the kelpies,” Eric came to my rescue.
“They really can’t fix her.”
“We can’t do nothing. It’s worth a try. Besides, they’ll at least be able to heal this.” He held up his arm, which I noticed was really burned. It was much more severe than the sunburn over the rest of their bodies. It was blistering and oozing. It must be insanely painful. “Let’s head back to them before more fire fairies show up and do this to the rest of me.”
Mom looked like she was being literally tugged in two directions. She swayed as she looked back and forth between the gate and the direction of the kelpies. Finally, she gave in. “Fine, let’s hurry.” She bounded off to find our trail.
“Do you need help carrying her?”
I shook my head and lifted her. She was as light as the air she loved so much. “Thank you,” I said to him.
He knew it wasn’t just for the offer to help carry her. He grasped my shoulder. “I want her to live too.” Then he went after Mom.
I paused before following them. “Come back,” I whispered to Cearo.
Chapter 36
DAVID
It was when we took a break for the night that I found it.
Mom had made a little cave for us in the ground that the Seelie would hopefully miss if any passed by on their way to discover their fallen comrades. Cearo was still alive, though neither her pulse nor her breathing had gotten any stronger. I silently begged any and every god to let her make it through the night. I had settled her next to me and was patting her down to see if she had any of her dried meat on her because we were all starving. I felt something flat and square in one of her pockets. I pulled it out. It was her book.
I flipped through it, looking at all of the sketches. Then near the end, there was a page with words instead of drawings and one of those words caught my attention. “Mom.” I held the book out to her. “There’s a letter to you.”
She looked surprised. She took it and read it aloud.

Willa — 
You asked me once how I became the way I am. I am this way because of three men. I will tell you of one of them.
I had been wandering for many moons. One day, I came near a small village by a river. There was a young man fishing, oblivious to the water elemental watching him. I watched him too, for I had never seen an elemental take an interest in anyone else other than myself.
On the third day, he came right to the base of the tree I sat in as if he’d known I was there the whole time. He asked if I wanted to learn to fish. I did not respond, but every day he came back to make the same offer. Eventually, I relented. He taught me to fish, and despite my initial reservations, we soon began to talk and laugh together easily. As he told me his stories, our lessons became something to look forward to. Even once I had learned to fish nearly as well as he, I still met with him just to hear about his day.
A few more moons later, we were startled from our conversation by a commotion in the village. A band of foreigners had invaded, and we could hear them slaughtering his people. He told me to climb up into the trees and to not come down until he came back. I did as he said and watched him go to help his village. He never saw the dagger flying at his back, but I did. I screamed for him, but I was much too far away.
The fight was over very quickly. The foreigners were strong, but it appeared the village did not have what they wanted. They retreated. As I made my way through the casualties to him, the other villagers saw me for the first time. I had never left the safety of our meeting place, by my tree and his river, to come meet them. They seemed to know who I was though. They looked at me accusingly. When I got to him, his mother was there wearing the same expression as the rest. I realized I could not grieve there, no matter how close I was to breaking. So I left, and the water elemental left with me.
Willa, I did not help you escape to the human world for the reasons you assumed. I did not have the same interest in the humans as you did. I am not a kind or selfless person. I helped you because you reminded me of someone I once saw. You do not wear the same accusatory expression as she did, but I have always known you were the same. I helped you because I hoped you would somehow bring my Cian back to me.

Mom flipped the page, looking for more, for an explanation. But that was the end of the letter. On the next page, captioned “Cian,” there was a picture of a man with an expression of pure joy on his face as he seemed to stare back at the artist. And while it wasn’t an exact likeness, it was clear that this man was me.

TO BE CONTINUED…
Acknowledgements
I’d like to thank my family and friends for supporting this endeavor. Even in those moments when I thought every word I wrote was crap, you convinced me to keep writing. I would have given up without you guys.
I’d also like to give a huge thank you to the cover designer Betibup33. I couldn’t be happier with this cover, and I’m so happy I found it and you. Thank you for bringing this book to life.
Finally, thank you to anyone who reads this. Your support means the world. I hope you’re looking forward to the next installment as much as I am. Also, if you have the time, I’d be extremely grateful if you left a review.
About the Author
Tarynn Kerr has a degree in psychology but probably should have gotten one in mythology instead because that’s way cooler. She lives in southern California where she works a boring day job and covertly writes down her daydreams when her boss isn’t looking. Aside from writing, she enjoys reading and eating enormous amounts of mac ‘n’ cheese. This is her first novel.
Connect with her on Twitter and tarynnkerrauthor.wordpress.com.

