
Merly

by David J. Wighton

Book #32 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements


Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.

Image from Mysticartdesign @ Pixabay

Non-Wilizy Characters in this Book

Heaven
• 	Guinny, Galahad, Lillian, Joe-Joe, Keely, Shields, Meghan, Jacob, Paula, and Cassie. 

Tucson Wildcats
• Ruth (coach), Piper (daughter). 

Planet Poseidon
• Poseidon (god), Princess Merly (daughter), Summer (mother), Merrick (uncle), and Mervin (mother's husband). ['Mer' is the French word for 'sea.']

Hell
• PornoGuy, Old Geezer Devil, Numbers-Don't-Lie.

The Cosmos 
• Justice.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Chapter 1

"I can't believe that you're thinking of sending Merly as your emissary," Poseidon's #1 wife complained.
Poseidon wasn't having any of that. "It's only an exploratory trip. A brief interplanetary visit will be a good experience for her."
 "Will you be recognizing her as your daughter?"
"Of course. It's hardly a secret that I'm her father. Are you still offended that I mated with her mother? You knew that mating was one of my responsibilities."
"I don't mind when you mate with other women, but you shouldn't have mated with Summer."
"Why not?"
"Because of what she is."
"Her first baby was still-born. I was just consoling her for her loss."
"It's a tough job using sexual dalliances to console women, but somebody has to do it." 
 "Sarcasm is not a virtue, Wife #1. It was hardly a mindless dalliance. You know that their population numbers are down."
"Good. The less of them on the planet, the better I say."
"What did they ever do to you?"
"Their appearance is offensive."
"One hardly ever sees them. They're very private. Live and let live, I say."
 "Merly is too young to be your emissary."
"She's 29 years old this year. She'll reach puberty within a year."
"It's too dangerous."
"Merrick will accompany her."
"You should have let him mate with Summer."
"He's Summer's brother. The genetics would have been terrible. THAT would have been offensive. He's fully trained as a bodyguard, if such a duty is ever needed. He'll watch over her."
"She's very timid."
"That's because of the stares that she gets when she's in public. She doesn't understand the prejudice that you and other old biddies have about mermaids." 
"You need to rid us of her." 
"Patience, woman! She's going to Heaven. It will prepare her for what comes next."
 # # # # # # # # 
It's the first week of July 2095 on Earth. Perhaps a short summary of events leading up to this week would be helpful. 
First base had hosted a meeting of the Pittsburgh Plungers during which the team had discussed the option of relocating to Tucson. This was necessary because of all the publicity that Ruth's kidnapping had received in Pittsburgh. The city's police commission was prepared to give them a generous settlement if they relocated. The generosity was not because women's baseball was an exciting sport to watch. Watching the city being sued by a coconut-wielding lawyer was far more exciting. The police wanted the public's memory of that kidnapping trial to disappear along with Coconut Man. With only a few exceptions, the Plungers agreed to relocate to Tucson. 
This first week of July was taken up by the mechanics of that move, including receiving the funding from the city and their share of the Plunger team's money from Tully, the team manager. I'll leave all of the details to your imagination. There's more pressing business to describe.
Piper and Ruth moved into Winnie's apartment until they could settle in a new home. This was not a problem for Maddy, because Heaven was a portal away. But, she found other issues that were unsettling. That prompted her to ask Winnie to meet with her and Karita. That meeting took place in the dead of night in the Wildcat stadium.
 # # # # # # # # 
"We never figured out why the mob was after Ruth," Maddy reminded Winnie. "We don't know if anybody will be looking for her still. If so, she'll be easy to find." 
"How so?" Winnie asked.
"The police commission funded Ruth's move," Karita explained. "People on that commission know that the expenses were based on a relocation from Pittsburgh to Tucson. We know that gangsters have owned some major police figures. After all, Food Sprayer was killed to keep him quiet. The guy that ordered that explosion has to be a gangster too. Care to bet if that gangster has access to the police commission files?"
"Reese checked their colors. They were fine."
"He didn't check the people that were in charge of filing meeting minutes and moving receipts. If they find Tucson, they'll search first at the stadium where Piper will be easily identified. She'll lead them to her mother." Karita again.
"Piper is blonde now."
"That won't stop them. She's still a teenage girl baseball player."
"Your thoughts, Maddy?"
"I'm still feeling that something bad will happen to Piper. Perhaps Ruth's death?"
"That means we have to continue to hide Piper and Ruth, but they can't move again," Winnie summarized. 
"She'll never be safe until we find out why they are looking for Ruth," Karita continued. "We were thinking that you could set a trap for whatever mobster is trying to kill her." 
 
Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 2 

Winnie was waiting at the space terminal when the spaceship from Poseidon docked. Guinny couldn't give her any details on who was arriving or why. All she could say was that a young girl was serving as Poseidon's emissary and her bodyguard was accompanying her. "You're my emissary. You're formally Princess Guinevere for this visit. Wear some flowers. The god of the planet Poseidon is Poseidon."
"Easy to remember." 
"He's the Greek god of oceans. The planet is heavily water based. Their visit will have something to do with the memory wipes that we did in the Cluster of Heracles. Both of them will have translator chips embedded in their bodies, so communications shouldn't be a problem." 
# # # # # # # # 
Winnie saw two humanoid figures exiting from the lifeboat's airlock and walked forward to great them. The bodyguard trailed behind the girl, who was small and slim. She wore a simple robe with nothing on her feet. Check that. Not simple. Winnie saw swirls of green luminescence when she walked. Her hair was red and gathered together behind her head somehow. The strands of her hair were thick like plaits. Winnie saw her look at the flowers that Winnie had braided around both of her wrists. 
The male had the same body type as Galahad. Perhaps a little taller. Plenty of muscles. No shoes or sandals. He was wearing the same type of luminescent robe but in different colors. 
The girl stopped in front of Winnie but the bodyguard stayed outside of hearing distance. "Princess Merly from Poseidon," she said and bowed her head slightly.
"Princess Guinevere from Heaven," Winnie replied and bowed her head slightly. "Welcome to Heaven. Would you like a wrist corsage of flowers?" Winnie didn't wait for an answer but undid the corsage on her left wrist and held it out. 
"I don't know how to put it on," she replied. Her voice was very soft and almost inaudible. 
"May I assist?" Winnie asked and motioned her to hold out her hand. "It's very easy to attach if you have a helper."
Merly turned her head towards her bodyguard and he came forward. He bent over so that her mouth was next to his ear. Then, he stood behind her and unfastened whatever it was that was gathering her hair. Her plaits hung down perfectly straight and ended perfectly even. The bodyguard put a wrap of some kind in her hands. 
"You do not have long hair," Merly observed. "Where would you like this?"
Winnie held out her bare wrist. 
"This also is very easy to attach if you have a helper."
The bodyguard spoke. "Princess Guinevere, it's been a long trip for Merly and she needs to re-energize herself. Do you have an ocean nearby?"
"I have a fresh water lake. Would that do?"
"She needs salt water."
"Are you allowed to pick Merly up and carry her?"
"Yes, I am her uncle. You may call me Merrick. She's comfortable with me holding her."
"I will hold your arm and we'll all go down to Earth. Portal: Greek Islands."
# # # # # # # # 
"This is the area of the Earth where the Greek gods lived."
"My father has spoken of these islands many times."
"Your father is ...?"
"Poseidon. May we swim now?"
"Certainly. You're not likely to be disturbed."
"Will you keep my flowers dry?"
"Yes. Let me take them off." 
Winnie watched as they walked into the surf. Both dived under an incoming wave and disappeared. She sat on the sand and watched for them to surface but they didn't. A large scaly tail did surface and slapped the water. A smaller scaly tail also appeared and slapped the water. 
This I have to see. I have a fish body in my body memory cells somewhere. Let's try a dolphin.
 # # # # # # # # 
"That dolphin was you?" 
"Yes, I wanted to be sure what I had seen. You're a mermaid. I'm not sure what your uncle was."
Both of them were back in humanoid form. Merly's luminescent robe was now covering her and Winnie had thought on the same clothes that she had been wearing. The uncle was still in the ocean somewhere. 
"He's a merman. We get our energy from the salt water. Our spaceship had a tank of salt water for me to sit in while we were coming to Heaven, but there wasn't enough room for him. He needs more time in your ocean."
"I thought that mermaids were fictional beings."
"We're not fictional. The men of your planet hunted my people down. Apparently, bare breasts turned them into crazies. We learned to hide. We still hide. Some humanoids on Poseidon would like us to disappear. Talking fish with breasts offends them somehow."
"Why did you come to Heaven?"
"Poseidon is looking for a way to repay you for the surgeons you sent to our planet. He wants me to swim in Earth's oceans and report back to him on what I see."
"Our oceans are in sad shape."
"Is there a reason for that?"
"It's a long story. Our planet almost died."
"Why don't we swim? My humanoid voice is very tiny because I hardly ever use it. I can understand dolphin. Communicating under the water is far easier for me. How did your planet almost die?"
 # # # # # # # # 
While Winnie was busy in a dolphin-to-mermaid chat, Piper and Maddy were assisting at a U-13 baseball camp. Ruth was also there in her capacity as the coach of the Tucson Wildcats, a name that the team had selected, with permission, from the University of Arizona Wildcats. It made sense because they expected that the team would eventually consist mostly of graduated University of Arizona players. 
Piper and Maddy were nearly twins with their blonde hair. That wouldn't stop an assassin. He would see Ruth on the field and follow her home. A blonde girl would accompany her. What he didn't know was that Maddy was the blonde next to her. 
The assassin didn't know that Ruth had rented an apartment in the same building as Winnie's apartment. The building had security on it. Once they entered that building, Ruth would go to her apartment on the 3rd floor and Maddy would go to Winnie's apartment on the 4th floor. 
The assassin didn't know something else. Something critical to his future life. He didn't know that Karita was following Ruth home and she was very good at staying hidden. Ruth never saw her, although Maddy reminded her not to look around. When Karita gave the all-clear, Maddy would return to the stadium and take extra practice with Piper who had stayed behind. Karita would watch the building. The extra practice might last two hours. Then, Maddy would accompany Piper home. Maureen left as well. She had adopted Piper as a protégé after the first practice. Yes, Maureen knew something strange was going on, but there was always something strange about Maddy and her family. Winnie had told her the secrecy would be temporary only and it would not affect the girls' practices. 
For the weekends, the plan was to have Maddy always with Ruth when she left the building. Karita was the invisible bodyguard and, if needed, she could assume a Maddy body and double as another Piper clone. Karita would look for anybody who was showing interest in Ruth, be that inside the stadium or anywhere outside. That left Maddy and Piper free to concentrate on baseball.
 # # # # # # # # 
Back to the Greek islands we go. Merrick had returned to the beach and was sitting on a log in his robe when Winnie and Merly walked out of the water. Merly's robe had appeared as the water dripped off her body. They set off on a stroll down the beach. Merrick was out of earshot like any good bodyguard would be. They agreed that Merly and Merrick should explore Earth's oceans for as long as they wanted. When they were finished, they'd return to this beach. Winnie would have a drone watching the beach and would come as quickly as she could after they sat on the beach.
"I'm running an operation that may delay me. Don't worry if I'm late. Have a swim."
"What's an operation?" Merly asked. 
"Bad people on Earth are trying to find a mortal woman. I'm hiding her. I hope to discover why they are hunting her."
"Do they want to eat her for food?" This was a reasonable conclusion for Merly, who only knew that Earth was a pre-civilized planet.
"Some people on our planet kill other people for various reasons, none of them involve food. Heaven tries to stop mortals from doing that."
"What do you do to them when you catch them?"
 "That varies. In some cases, if they have a good lawyer, nothing happens to them."
"On Poseidon, murder always has consequences."
"What consequences?"
"The husband of my mother didn't prevent my mother's first baby from dying. He had to live by himself for ten years without seeing or talking to anybody else. Mermen are very social people. He might have gone mad. We don't know where he is."
"How did the baby die?"
"The baby was premature and was stillborn."
"Surely that wasn't his fault."
"The men of our species have one primary duty: to protect mermaids from harm. He should have been at the birth. He wasn't."
"Perhaps he was unavoidably detained?"
"He wouldn't say why he wasn't at the birth. Mermen know how to deliver babies. That was his job."
"What job does a mermaid have?"
"To do whatever her merman says. Usually that boils down to having sex with him whenever he wants it. She also has to keep the nest tidy, groom him, and do anything else that will keep him happy."
"So, she's sort of like a maid?"
"Of course. Why else would we be called mermaids?"
"That's very interesting. Don't let me keep the two of you from exploring our oceans."
 # # # # # # # # 
Winnie's blonde haired subterfuges were tested on the second Friday of July. The U13s had all departed, the coaches had disappeared, and Maddy and Ruth were coming out of the stadium. Piper was with them.
Maddy, you have a tail. 
Where? Who?
Act normally. Don't look around. He was in the stands this afternoon, pretending to read a textbook but he never turned a page. He's a full block behind you.
Description?
Lanky, gawky, brown hair, big hands, has a nose that's too big for his face, brown skin, acne on his face.
Is he a teenager?
Could be. He looks young enough. He has the same type of body as the boys at the university. He is dressed the same too. I'll follow him back to where he's staying. Don't say anything to Ruth or Piper. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Winnie, we need to meet. I discovered a tail on Ruth and followed him home after he watched Ruth, Piper, and Maddy entering the apartment building. He didn't attempt to follow them in. I tracked him to a large house in one of the wealthy houses in Tucson. I looked around inside. The place reeked of sulfur upstairs and downstairs. 
Karita, watch that house. Take pictures of anybody entering or leaving. We'll have to watch everybody in that house for now. The tail might be there solely to serve as a spotter. I'm bringing the full team down. We'll meet in the usual place, Saturday midnight. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

Saturday, midnight in the Wildcat's stadium. Attending Winnie's meeting were Paula, Maddy, Karita, and Meghan. Cassie was working with Jacob and didn't want to interrupt his work while Shields was busy with military training. 
Winnie started the meeting. "Karita has already told you what she discovered. Hell is involved somehow with Ruth's kidnapping. The guy watching her is living with four devils in a well-furnished house, so we should assume he is a devil too. We need to confirm that. The stench in that house suggests that they've been there for some time. Worst case scenario is we have five devils looking for Ruth."
"We'll do some information gathering to begin with. Karita, stay with the young guy that was in the stands. We have to assume that he is the primary threat. If that house is ever empty, search the basement. We're looking for any information on who sent him here. We'd also like to know whether he plans to kidnap Ruth or kill her. Where and when? Does he even have a plan?"
"Maddy stay with both Ruth and Piper after practices. Nothing will happen during the day, but be prepared for anything after baseball practice is over. Karita will alert you when the guy leaves his house and where he's going."
"Paula and Meghan: Research the four devils. What are they doing in Tucson? Try and determine their devilian names. Look for any correspondence back to Hell. Also, we need to know where the Tucson PUS station is. For now, we won't enter Hell to look for information on the four of them, but that's a possibility if we have to." 
"I'm working with a delegation from another planet that may take up some of my time. When you determine that the house will be empty for over an hour, I'll plant some drones. I'll do that as early as possible so that Paula and Meghan can get first hand information. When you know their names, I'll hack into Hell's computer system and take a look at their history." 
"Let's try and pull that information together as quickly as we can. Karita, Paula, and Megan: As soon as you have vital information on your targets, call a meeting and we'll share."
 # # # # # # # # 
Monday morning, 10 am: 
Karita: Winnie the house is empty now. Meghan and Paula are following the devils who are dressed in business suits and carrying briefcases. They could be going to a 9-5 job. The young guy is leaving the house now. I'll be in the basement. 
Winnie: On my way.
 # # # # # # # # 
Monday morning, noon.
Winnie to full team: Ten drones are in place in the devils' house. I put them in the four bedrooms upstairs, kitchen, living room, back door, front door, basement bedroom, and basement living space. Paula has the data download address. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Wednesday midnight. Karita had called the meeting so that she could share what she had found out about the watcher.
"The other devils call him, Kid. I couldn't find any paperwork at all in the basement. He watches the stadium sporadically, but he's always there at the end of the day and follows Ruth home. So far, he hasn't attempted to break into their apartment building. When he's not watching, he's at a local online gaming parlor and this is where he spends most of his time. He pays for his time in cash. For lunch, he buys a pizza from a take-out across the street, strolls downtown, sits on a bench, eats the pizza and watches the women going by, most of whom are dressed to be cool in the heat. He eats slowly and enjoys the view. After lunch, he goes back to the gaming parlor."
"In the evening, he eats take out that the other four devils bring home. He eats it alone in the basement while he watches Hell's porn feed. He watches a lot of it. Essentially, he's living a teenage boy's fantasy: computer games, pizza, and porn. I have yet to see him in his devil body. He seems very young to be a devil, but the basement has a strong smell of sulfur." 
 "I found a sniper's rifle and a revolver in his closet. He won't have any problems from running out of ammunition. It's clear that he's here to murder Ruth, either at a distance or up close. I also found pictures of Piper and Ruth on his closet floor. I was surprised that he had Piper's picture, but he probably was using Piper to lead him to Ruth, which she has done. Questions?"
Winnie responded first. "Meghan, do we have to worry about any of these devils walking through walls? I know that Lord Percy and Asmodeus could. Is this a threat for us?"
 "It shouldn't be a threat. That power is reserved for senior devils. This was a perk that senior devils used to rape mortal women when they were on a holiday to Earth. They don't have that perk anymore but they can still walk through walls."
"What about his youthful appearance, Meghan?" Karita asked.
"Devils can assume whatever age of body that they want. If he's on Earth with the intention of killing a mortal, he's a devil with some seniority. The body that he's using will have strong hormones. He'll be letting the body do what it wants to do."
"Murdering mortals is a big violation of the peace treaty," Winnie amplified. "Influencing the police department's stooges to kidnap Ruth can be defended, barely. Hell could claim that the humans exceeded their orders. But assigning a devil to kill a mortal is indefensible. With the right evidence we could take him the Cops of the Cosmos, or give him to Heaven's Angels of Death squad."
"I don't understand why they are so desperate to take it this far," Paula confessed. "They could have engineered an accident when she was in police custody."
"Too much publicity?" Megan suggested. 
Winnie summarized what they were all thinking. "Ruth is a threat to disclose something very big that Hell is doing. Paula, do we have any devilian names yet?"
"No. Meghan and I are still trying, but so far nothing. We'll give you a report soon."
 "With Karita tracking PornoGuy, we'll have a warning if he's going to make an attempt on Ruth. For now, we can be patient. I'll alert Lillian that Hell has an important operation on the go. She may have heard something. Karita, broadcast any news about PornoGuy that could be an imminent threat to Ruth."
"What options do I have if he approaches her? Kill or disable?"
"Good question, Maddy. I'll ask Lillian." 
 # # # # # # # # 
Thursday morning, 3 am.
Meghan: The drone on the back door of the devils' house just chirped. PornoGuy is on the move.
Karita: I'm with him. He's not carrying any parcel or backpack. No rifle for sure. I don't see this as an imminent threat. He doesn't even know where they are living in that apartment complex. Everybody can relax, but I'll keep broadcasting team-wide. 
...
PornoGuy is approaching Winnie's apartment building. Nobody is on the street. No lights are on in the apartments. He's wearing dark clothes, but he's still in a mortal body. 
...
He's at the front door of the building. I just saw a bright flash. He took a picture with an electronic device of some kind. Now, he has turned around and is walking back in the direction he came from.
Paula: What's on that door that is so special?
Winnie: He took a picture of the lock to the door. Karita, take your own picture and magnify. What does he know now that he didn't know before?
...
Karita: There are no identifying marks on the door lock. I don't even see a brand name. He knows the shape of the door's lock and the handle.
Winnie: He'll be back. Possibly early tomorrow morning. Maddy, you have authority to kill PornoGuy if it's necessary to save Ruth's life. But, that won't help us find out why Ruth is so important to Hell. They'll simply send another guy. Let's see how this plays out for now. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Somewhere in the Tasmanian Sea. 
Have you seen enough to report back to Poseidon?
Yes. What is this floating stuff? 
I don't know. I'll take some samples back and give them to your father's scientists. This stuff has killed all their oceans. Except at the deepest levels, there's no life.
Guinevere told me that the planet suffered from a change in their climate that melted all their ice and heated up their oceans. Would that be associated with this gunk?"
Possibly. I need to know what it is and how long it lasts in this form. What kind of people kill their own planet? Did she tell you about that?
Some. They knew the climate change was coming and they knew how to stop it, but too many people in power refused to believe it. Did you know that Lucifus has an outpost here? 
No.
Their location is called Hell and they deliberately motivated the people in power to accumulate more wealth and power instead of saving the planet. Heaven's angels couldn't stop them because their home planet was stealing the funds the Cosmos was directing to them. 
Still, these people aren't ignorant savages. They had to know and they didn't do enough to save the planet. How long ago was this?
Guinevere said the worst was fifty or sixty of their years ago. They have been trying to re-establish their civilization since. She said that Earth is close to having interplanetary travel. Hell is not as powerful any longer and Heaven is getting stronger. 
Guinevere must be very important if she's a princess. What do you think about her? 
She's sincere. She didn't try to hide anything about the oceans. She warned me. I told her that mermaids had to do everything that the male of family tells her to do.
Why'd you do that?
I wanted to see her reaction.
What was her reaction?
She stopped the discussion.
You shouldn't have told her that. 
...
Can you make your way back to the Greek island where she'll meet us? 
Of course, I can.
Prove it.
Why do I have to?
You were indiscrete. Don't volunteer information you don't need to volunteer.
 # # # # # # # # 
Friday morning in Tucson. As Winnie had predicted, PornoGuy was returning to the apartment building in the middle of the night. Karita was following him closely and broadcasting his progress to the other angels. 
He's being more careful this time. He's circling the building. Nobody is awake. No lights are on. He has a briefcase. It can't hide a rifle.
...
Now, he's walking briskly to the front of the building. He's kneeling on the sidewalk. He's opening the briefcase. He has a small light in his mouth. The briefcase has a bunch of keys all fitted into a horizontally slotted key cabinet. He's picking out one and trying it on the front door lock. It worked. He's inside the building.
 He's stopping in front of the apartment's mailboxes. Again with the light and the open briefcase. Trying a key. Didn't work. Too big. Trying another key. This one worked. Now he's opening every mailbox, peering inside with his light and locking it up again. 

Still opening.
.... 
This time he found what he was looking for. Each mailbox has the mailbox owner's name and apartment number printed on the inside back wall of the box. He knows where Ruth is living and has keys that allow him to enter the building.
Winnie: He'll have a key to her apartment also. Somebody has given him master keys for the entire building. 
Karita: He's leaving now. 
Winnie: He'll be back. 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

PornoGuy came back to the apartment building Friday afternoon when he knew that Ruth and her daughter would be at the ball diamond. He had a small rucksack on his back and a pizza box cradled carefully in his hand so that the pizza couldn't slide around too much. To complete the disguise, he wore a white cap on his head with the words Gino's Pizza printed on the front. He put the pizza on the ground by the front door, pulled a key ring out of his jeans pocket, and opened the door. Easy-peasy. 
The elevator was a little risky for a smelly devil, but if anybody had been in the elevator with him, they'd smell pizza. They would assume that somebody had buzzed him in. 
Ruth's apartment door, #305, opened easily with the same key that opened the front door. First job? Open windows so that there'd be no smell of sulfur. The smell of pizza would disappear when the pizza disappeared. He went through all the rooms looking in drawers and cubbyholes for paper notes. He was fairly thorough on that. Three pizza slices thorough. A search for weapons was next. None, other than kitchen knives. That search took one pizza slice. The rucksack revealed his surprise Welcome to the Neighborhood gift of a clump of hornocratic cameras that would be invisible once installed. A kitchen chair gave him the elevation needed to install a camera in an upper corner of both bedrooms, the kitchen, the dining room, and the living room. 
Knowing PornoGuy's favorite pastime, you'd think that he'd install a camera above the showerhead. You'd be wrong. Invisible cameras don't do well in a dense water vapor area. He ate the last slice of pizza while checking that he had put everything back where it belonged and shut all the windows. A click on a wand turned the cameras on and then he was gone. Karita followed him out, her stomach rumbling for pizza. She messaged Winnie on the way back to PornoGuy's basement suite. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Karita's description of the pizza smell was sufficient for Winnie to order take out pizzas for her 5 pm meeting in Wildcat stadium with her team plus Ruth and Piper. Both knew that they were being protected; they might as well see the mortal form of the women who were protecting them. She waited for the pizza to be finished before beginning to talk business.
"Bad news first, Ruth. Somebody has found you, but you aren't in imminent danger. This afternoon, a man put security cameras in your apartment everywhere except the bathroom. We could disable them, but that would reveal that we have been watching this guy. We don't want him to know that. Are you OK being under camera surveillance?"
"I'll change clothes in the bathroom. I'm hardly ever in the apartment anyway."
"Don't look for the cameras. They're hard to find and he'll spot you looking. Maddy, what about you?"
"This guy is who I think it is?"
"Yes."
"He'll be watching me sleep?"
"Yes."
"I get creepy-crawlies just thinking about that."
"I thought you would. Here's a work-around. You and Piper are supposed to be twins, so why don't the two of you live together in my apartment. He doesn't know anything about it. The three of you can come and go to the camp together. If there's any imminent threat, Karita will warn you. You'll still be guarding Ruth and Piper as well."
"How long do we wait?" Meghan asked. 
"Until he finds out what he's trying to find out. Ruth, he can't break through our defensive screen around you. Remember though, never go out of the apartment or the training facility unless Maddy is with you. Maddy, will this interfere with your camp? This week's camp is your own age group, right?"
"Yes, it is, but it won't interfere. Piper will be with me in the pitcher's group. It'll be just the two of us. Maureen knows that she has a fastball that can overpower a hitter. She wants to develop some alternate pitches for her."
"Good luck with that," Piper said. 
"Give it a shot, Piper. I was a catcher trying to teach you how to pitch. Now you'll have a pitcher as your pitching coach. That could make a difference. Besides, pitching is easier on the knees than being a catcher. You'll have a longer playing career." 
 # # # # # # # # 
Sunday. Maddy was giving Piper and Ruth an escape from the sense of constant surveillance by taking them to Denver (via an anonymous Wilizy copter) for the weekend. They stayed in a cheap hotel called Government House where they slept in individual guest rooms and had a intimate supper with a couple of Maddy's adult friends. They talked baseball the entire evening, which thrilled Sheila to bits. Actually, Sheila did learn why women wanted to be professional baseball players and that might have been what led to the creation of Denver's pro women's team a decade later. 
The other angels met in Winnie's castle where Paula and Meghan gave their report on the four devils and their business Protect Your Home! It was a long report. I'll give you a summary.
 # # # # # # # # 
Protect Your Home had two different businesses: Insects and Keys. I'll start with the insects.
A typical business transaction with the insect business starts with one of the devils using a master key from their lock business to enter a home and leave evidence that the house has an infestation of either silver fish, cockroaches, or termites. The signs they leave could be dead bodies, or in the case of cockroaches, a live body since they usually produced the revulsion reaction of an urgent call for help. 
Their insect business has a high profile within the pest industry because they have had 100% success in ridding houses of infestations that they never had. This means that Protect Your Home is usually the first phone call for help. That will trigger a visit by one of the devils, who will do a personal inspection. The devil will tell the homeowners that their problems could be fixed but their workmen would need access to their house for a full twenty-four hours. The devil will urge them to act quickly before the infestation gets out of control. We don't know what their success rate with their sales pitch is, but we assume that it's close to 100%.
 When the company van pulls up, the family leaves the house with the front door unlocked. Two workers enter in full protective gear and carrying all their supplies and materials. They immediately close all drapes and window coverings. Then, they take off their protective gear, which reveals that they are young teenagers. During that time, the house owner thinks that they are covering all of their furniture and possessions before fumigating the house with a deadly spray, which is, actually steam. After eighteen hours, the spray will have done its job and the workers neutralize the supposed smell in the home by opening the windows. An hour before the homeowners are due to arrive, they spray the house with a cleaning solution that leaves a slight odor and cart all their supplies and gear into the company van. Since they don't have any keys to lock up the house, they wait in the van for the owners to arrive, honk twice, and leave. Notice that the pest control workers make a point of never having a set of house keys. 
During the time that they are supposedly fumigating the house, they are actually searching it for valuables and a safe. This is done room by room. They do open drawers but are to sure to leave the contents in the same place as they were found. When they're finished with one room, they enter what they have found on an electronic form along with a short description of where it can be found in the room, which is also identified by its location in the house. A space is on the form for them provide information on the safe but we never saw them find a safe. 
When they're done with the search, they play computer games. Their food is part of the materials that are brought into the house. They sleep on the sofas. 
The devil who originally met with the family makes a follow-up visit to ensure the family is satisfied, which they always are. At that point, he makes a sales pitch for an annual four-hour inspection to ensure that the pests have not returned. We saw the cost figures on that. The termite inspection is very expensive, but that's because if termites ever got into their house, it could take years and thousands of dollars to eradicate them. The pitch is: Wouldn't it be better to ensure that the termites don't get started?
We expect that this fumigation business is very profitable because they don't have any real costs. Once they have hooked a client, that client will automatically renew. If they show reluctance, it's easy enough to plant a few more signs of infestation. 
Robberies are obviously an offshoot of the fumigation business. We didn't know what houses had been fumigated previously, so we never saw a robbery. The inventory of valuables that they completed would allow somebody to do a smash and grab and leave within ten minutes. We don't know if the fumigation teenagers would do the robbery or not. We don't know how many robbers they employ and if all of them are teenagers. If they found a safe, we suspect that the devils would rob the house and just rip it out of its location. This is a well-planned robbery organization. We expect that there will be a long gap between fumigation and robbery. We also expect that the robbers will always leave signs of forced entry. The devils have access to master keys, but we think that they use them only to plant evidence of infestations. They wouldn't want any suspicion that they used a key to get in. What we don't know is how much money they're making. It looks like a lot of small time robberies, but the planning is too well thought out for that. We don't know how the devils are benefiting from this part of their business. 
Their key business took the form of small booths in malls where homeowners could pay to have a copy of a key cut. They also had contractors who could come to the house and replace broken locks, for example after a successful robbery by their other business venture. 
This part of their business appears to be completely legit. Employees are drawn from the community, trained, and given above average pay. The lock business also sponsors community sports teams and an annual Thank a Volunteer dinner. Effectively, the lock business can't be making any profit. What it is doing, is giving the devils access to master keys. 
We don't know why these four devils are focused on robberies and con jobs about pests. Why is Hell involved with this?

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 5 

The week of July 25 started warily. It may have sensed that something bad was about to happen and didn't know what to do. Or, it may have had a hangover from too much partying on the weekend. 
Maddy and Piper enjoyed training with girls their own age for a change. They were the only two pitchers in the group, as mentioned before. That meant when they broke into skill groups, they had Maureen all to herself. Today, she started with a radar gun and a test of five throws each from the mound that had to be in the strike zone. 
...
"Piper's fastball is 5 miles faster than Maddy's," she announced. "Now, let's see your accuracy. How many corners can you hit with eight pitches? I'll ump. If it's outside but reasonably close, I'll give it to you. If it's inside, it'll be a hit." 
...
"Maddy's more accurate. She hit the corner six times. Piper hit two corners. Maddy dialed back on the speed a bit; Piper you might want to try that. You can afford to have a slightly slower ball if you can tease the batter into going for an outside pitch." 
"Piper, do you have any kind of breaking pitch?"
"No."
"Maddy, show me your knuckle ball."
"That sucked."
"Yes, it did. Both of you now know what to focus on when you're working on a machine. Maddy, spend the next 15 minutes on a pitching machine and take the rust off your junk. Piper, come to the mound. We're going to work on a split finger fastball, which starts as a fastball, but drops at the last second. Having junk just means that you have something that will cause the batter to lose her timing. You don't have to throw the conventional curve ball." 
 # # # # # # # # 
PornoGuy showed up at the stadium mid morning and watched from the shadows of the concourse. His focus was entirely on the twins. The girls were now wearing identical training clothes complete with the name Wiltz Twins on the back. This was Maddy's idea, which she explained to Maureen as a security thing. 
PornoGuy left, ate a take out pizza, watched some women, and went back to his basement. He never approached the apartment building. Karita sent Winnie an update and she replied. "If he's going to make a move, it could be in the middle of the night. He seems to like that time. Did he review the data from the spy cameras?"
"He fast forwarded through the camera showing the front door. He didn't see anything that interested him."
 # # # # # # # # 
Tuesday. PornoGuy showed up again mid morning, but this time with a riflescope hidden in his hand. The clarity from the concourse was poor because he was in the shade while the girls were in the bright sunshine. He knew enough not to move to where he could be seen from the field. Anybody watching him would know what he was doing. Arizona was rifle-toting country. 
The girls were in hustle drills where they had to get a glove on a hard liner by diving. Within ten minutes, every girl's face, arms, and clothes were dusty. He left and came back after lunch. 
Maddy and Piper were pitching batting practice: ten pitches, rest, ten pitches, rest etc. with the type of pitch directed by the batting coach. They were told to hold back on the fastballs, but not on the junk. Piper had to try several split fingers but the catcher had to dive. Ruth was behind the catcher working as an ump (geared up) and as a catcher coach. Two other catchers were in camp, but both were inexperienced. 
PornoGuy watched again from the concourse but stood where he could see Ruth. He stayed for the entire batting practice as every player cycled through the field positions until they arrived at first base, after which they were cleared to grab a bat and swing away. Maureen took over for Maddy and Piper who had successful turns at bat and went to the outfield.
PornoGuy left after batting practice and descended into the underground tunnel where he stopped outside the women's locker room. He tried the door, found it unlocked and took a few steps inside. Karita banged the men's locker room door open and shut and he left quickly. 
"He was thinking of putting a camera into the women's locker room," Karita reported to Winnie. "I think he's looking for new porn. I may have scared him off." 
"Keep an eye on that. Anything else to report?"
"He was looking at Ruth a lot this practice. I'm not sure why. He knows what she looks like already."
 # # # # # # # # 
This same Tuesday, Merly and Merrick were meeting with Winnie in her castle's boardroom. She had picked them up as planned on the Greek island beach. 
"You should call me Winnie. I'm only Princess Guinevere in official functions. What's the verdict?" Winnie asked Merly who was seated across the table from her. Merrick was guarding the door, which was behaving itself. 
"Your oceans are very sick. We found fish in the deepest parts where the water was cool enough for them to eat and live. There are plenty of nutrients deep down and that's a positive. But, your oceans can't support any species that needs to come to the surface to breathe. The water surfaces are covered with various forms of this." She looked at Merrick. He gave her one of the objects he had collected and returned to his position.
[Narrator: We know of this object as a plastic six pack ring that was very popular early in the century. Its purpose was to allow people to carry a lot of booze home easily, the better to become drunk faster. These rings killed as many as one million seabirds and 100,000 marine mammals every year. People back then knew about the threat that they posed, but carrying at lot of beer home was more important. Since it would take 450 years for a plastic ring to decompose, it would outlive everything that used to live in the oceans, including the oceans themselves. I am not making this up.] 
"What is this?" Merly asked.
"A symbol of how stupid humans can be." [Winnie explained how it worked and what she thought of it. We'll skip that part. Here's her conclusion.] "It was one of Hell's most destructive attacks on our environment, but mortals were complicit. They knew what was happening. They didn't care."
"What is it made of?"
"It's called plastic." 
"Are all the other things covering your oceans made of plastic?"
"I don't have formal data but I assume they are."
"As your climate changed, the waters of the ocean would have become hotter. This plastic littering the waters would act to amplify the heat. The plastic would also have affected how easily weather systems could pick up water moisture and deliver water inland. It was a destructive cycle that kept going until your planet died. Are Earthlings now aware of this?"
"Some are. A group is reducing the heat of the planet slowly. The same group is looking at changing weather patterns so that the lands are not so dry. It's a slow process."
"And Heaven? What are you doing?"
"Our focus has to be on neutralizing Hell first. We have to reduce their power over mortals before we can enact any long lasting changes. We're making good progress on that."
"Do you know what the chemical composition of this plastic is?"
"Me personally? No. But I can find out."
Isaac, I have an off-planet delegation that needs to meet a chemical mind. Do you have somebody available for a quick consult?
Absolutely.
My castle, now?
On my way.
There was a knock on the boardroom door. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Let's fast forward. Introductions have been made. Merrick put his entire collection of oceanic plastic samples on the table. Isaac identified them all as variations of plastic. Yes, he could give them the chemical composition of each, but he could do much more than that back at the lab. Would they be interested? Merly informed Merrick that he was interested. He was to receive a complete report not only on the chemical composition, but also information on how plastic was produced and how it could be decomposed. If it couldn't be decomposed, she wanted to know if it could it be made into something that was a benefit rather than a poison. Since Isaac already had a study group looking at this, he was quite content to have Merrick stay with the research group for as long as he wanted. 
"Do you mind if we stay a week longer, Winnie?"
"Not at all. You can stay at the castle. Isaac, we'll need a giant tub full of salt water. Merly needs to be able to swim in it. Can you do that?"
"Would this afternoon be alright?"
"Great."
Merly had her own instructions to give. "Merrick, I'll need a full report that I can give to Poseidon. I'll see you in a week. I won't need bodyguard services with Winnie here." [Merly seemed quite happy to give him that instruction. She was still ticked off that he had chided her for volunteering information about their planet. Uncles aren't parents!]
"Will the poor health of Earth's oceans change Poseidon's intent to express his gratitude for the use of Heaven's medical teams?" Winnie asked Merly.
"No. It will delay his gift, but not stop it. I can tell you that Poseidon genuinely wants to thank Heaven. A delay means nothing to him. He will follow through. However, gifts from Poseidon often are wrapped in self interest."
"Will this affect us?"
"No. It will affect other planets in his sector. You are safe."
"Safe? His gifts can be dangerous?"
"Yes. When Poseidon agreed to accept Heaven's kind offer, he did want to reduce our cluster-wide issue of fighting among ourselves. But he had another intent as well."
"Will you share?"
"In confidence?"
"Yes."
"The other planets are now indebted to Poseidon. He will expect gratitude from them."
"How will they express that gratitude?"
"In the form of tributes to him."
"I'm not familiar with what a tribute is."
"All the planets will pay him in some way for what he has done for the cluster. This may take the form of money, other forms of wealth, or a planet-planet trade agreement that is in Poseidon's favor, as examples. He's giving you a great gift. The other planets have to help him pay for that."
"That seems fair."
"It is. But, he's also acting in self-interest. He's amassing favors. The ultimate tribute that he's pushing the planets towards is one of allegiance to him as the next Cluster God."
"The god of gods?" 
"Yes."
"Political dominance. A Zeus replacement."
"Yes. Zeus has lost his vitality."
"Why are you revealing this to me? Will he not consider what you've done a form of disloyalty?"
"Yes, he will."
"Aren't you taking a risk trusting me?"
"No. You won't break your word."
"You sounded bitter when you talked about Poseidon's political machinations."
"I am Poseidon's daughter. I may have to live with him and obey him. I don't have to become him."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

Wednesday.
"Is that pool good enough to keep you energized, Merly?"
"Yes, it's very big. You have good engineers."
"Would you like me to take you to an ocean?"
"No, thanks. That would be depressing. We found empty mermaid colonies. We had no way of determining how long ago our people had died off."
"You look very peaceful floating there."
"Yes, I am daydreaming happy thoughts."
"Would you like some company?"
"Only if I'm not keeping you from your work."
"You're not. I'm running an operation on Earth right now, but nothing is happening."
"Do angels swim?"
"Not often. Feathers and water do not mix well. I'll use my mortal body."
... 
"You didn't cover your skin? Greek women would never do what you're doing."
"We call it skinny dipping. My crew and I swim this way before our meetings but we're all women. I would never swim like this if this were a public pool. I do swim this way with my boyfriend."
"Tell me about your boyfriend."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Your turn." 
 "I don't have a male friend. Poseidon would never allow one to approach me. Merrick would make sure of that. Besides, as you can see, I'm too young to think of that. Mermaids mate for life. Do angels?" 
"I don't know. Heaven has only a few angel couples that have bodies that can reproduce. I believe that they have mated for life. Angels in our home planet, Angelion, mate for life, but that has been a very sick relationship. They're on their way to recovery though."
"Can you tell me about that?"
 # # # # # # # # 
"This was one of your operations, wasn't it?"
"How'd you know?"
"I can see changes in body temperature. I guessed that you were holding something back."
"Will you answer a possibly sensitive question?"
"Perhaps. You can ask."
"You told me that the husband of your mother was sent into exile for not being at the birth of your mother's baby. I take it that she had that baby well before she had you."
"Yes."
"I know that he was exiled for ten years which might have caused him to go mad. Whatever happened to him? Did he go mad? Is he back with your mom?"
"Nobody knows. He hasn't been seen since."
[That's a lie, assuming that I'm reading your face properly.] "So, your mom lost her mate for life. Did she find another mate?"
"No. Mermaids aren't allowed to do that. Often when one dies, the other dies of sadness soon after." [Truth.] 
"But she didn't die."
"No. She had a reason to live. To care for me. I am allowed to return to the nest for 50% of my life right now. During that time, I am under her care. The other half, I must live in Poseidon's court."
"Poseidon is your father?"
"Yes. Shall we change the subject? Have you had sex with your boyfriend?"
"Yes."
"But you haven't mated for life. Why not? Don't you love him?"
"I had some friendships that went poorly for me. I'm not ready to commit to a long term relationship yet."
"You have that choice?"
"Yes."
"Did you have sex with your other male friends?"
"No."
"Heaven allows you to have sex even though you have not officially become mates for life."
"Yes."
"Do you enjoy sex? You don't have to answer if you don't want to."
"I enjoy having sex." [She has completely taken the conversation away from her mother's husband. Why?] "Here's a question you don't have to answer. If your mom's husband has never been seen again, that might mean that he might reappear some time. You might be able to meet him. Do you think that could happen?"
"No. He's dead."
 [That's a big fat lie. No question about it!]
"Earlier, you offered me a delicious food that's called chocolate. I said No. May I try it now?"
"Great idea." [Once again, she's changing the subject.]
 # # # # # # # # 
It was still Wednesday. Winnie had offered to cook dinner for Merly, after checking with her that her mortal body could handle real food. Merly was wearing her luminescent robe while Winnie was in jeans and a t-shirt. Winnie was in the middle of explaining what a carrot was when she stopped and stepped away from the table. 
Karita and team: Winnie, I have nothing to report. PornoGuy spent the day in his basement. 
Winnie: We know for sure that he saw and recognized Ruth, correct?
Karita: Yes, in yesterday's practice he was looking right at her for a long time. He has her picture.
Winnie: But he hasn't acted yet. Where and when will he act? Anybody?
Maddy: He doesn't know if anybody is in the apartment with her or not. He'd want to know that first. 
Meghan: I think that he'll wait for the weekend. Less chance of an early discovery. 
Paula: I'm with Meghan on this.
Karita: I'm with Maddy. 
Winnie: Put Ruth in my apartment with Piper tonight. Maddy, stay in Ruth's apartment. Disable PornoGuy if he comes in. You'll be working in close quarters. Are you still OK with that? 
Maddy: I'll disable him from behind. 
Winnie: If nothing happens tonight, we'll assume that he'll wait for the weekend. I'm still with the delegation from off planet, but I can be there if you need me. I don't expect that to be necessary. Paula, you're in charge.
Winnie returned to the table. "Sorry."
"You were communicating with your team, weren't you?"
"Yes. Don't ask how."
"Is something important happening?"
"No. There should be, but it's not. This part of the operation doesn't make sense."
"Would you tell me about your team? Or, we can continue with the life cycle of the carrot if you want. "
"Boring?"
"But tasty."
"I can't tell you about the team. I can tell you about the operation. Do you know anything about baseball?"
"Is that where first base is kissing?"
"Your planet knows about that?"
"Yes, the rules for your baseball sex game are in the Interplanetary Guide for Earth. I looked you up on the trip here. This baseball graphic in the Interplanetary Guide is not anything like what my mother showed me."
"Trust your mother. So, in this operation..... "

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

Merly had gone upstairs to sleep in one of the spare bedrooms after dinner. Winnie had stayed up to read one of the technical manuals that Isaac had given to Merrick and had copied her. This one was on incinerating plastic. Apparently, if you try to burn it, the molten plastic will cover the insides of your incinerator and cause it to seize up. She was reading through the pages at high speed hoping for something that wasn't so depressing when she heard a knock on the door. She looked at the time. It was about midnight.
"Winnie?"
"Come in Merly. I'm only reading." She looked back down at the screens and finished the last paragraphs before looking up again. 
"What's wrong? You look petrified."
"I've leaked something all over my legs. It looks like water."
"You spilled it?"
"No. It came out of me." Merly raised the hem of her luminescent robe. "It's not pee and it's stopped now. I don't know what to do."
"First thing we're going to do is get you into a shower. Everything will be fine."
 # # # # # # # # 
Merly wanted Winnie to be with her in case she leaked again. It's now around 4 am. Merly is sleeping on the left side of Winnie's bed. She's wearing one of Winnie's flannelette nighties and is on her side, facing out. Winnie is in her normal sleeping shorts and shirt on the right side of the bed. She is also facing out. 
"Uhhhhhh."
Winnie heard the moan and woke immediately. "What's wrong, Merly?"
"Something hurts."
"Where?"
"Around my tummy."
"How bad?"
"I don't know."
"Think of the pain you've felt before. On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate this?”
"I've never had pain before."
"Lucky girl. Lie on your back. Does that help?"
"A little."
"Take my hand and put it on the painful part of your body."
...
"It could be cramps. Girls get those sometimes. I'm a healer. Do you feel a tingle when I press down?"
"Yes."
"The cramp will pass. Let me know when it goes away."
...
"It's gone."
"That lasted a few minutes. You'll probably have some more of these. If so, just take my hand and put it where it hurts." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Uhhhhhh."
Winnie awoke to discover Merly pressing her hand against her tummy. 
"Your hand is not working."
"Is the pain the same or worse?"
"Worse. It's not going to go away."
"Yes, it will. Cramps always go away." 
Winnie held her hand until Merly relaxed. She put her hand on Merly's forehead. Hot. Her tummy had felt clammy too. "Are you all sweaty?"
"Yes."
"How about a shower to get rid of all that stickiness?" 
...
This isn't right. Mermaids must have an entirely different reproductive system. I better record what's happening. Deluge of water at about midnight. Cramps at 4. Worse cramps at 7:30. 
"Feeling better?"
"Yes."
"Hungry?"
"No. I'll puke it up."
"Swim?"
"No. I just want to lie here."
"Then, that's what you'll do. Do you want more or fewer blankets?"
"This is fine. I'm going to sleep now."
"Good."
Winnie used the time to bring in some supplies. Water for drinking. An icepack. Cloths and water for a sponge bath. She sat in a chair next to the bed and began searching the planetary guides for information on the reproductive systems of mermaids and found nothing. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Merly began to squirm in her sleep, woke with a harsh cry of pain and began to thrash around. Winnie was there immediately to pull the covers off. 
Merly began to cry. "It hurts."
"I'm putting an ice pack on your tummy. Place it where the pain is worst."
Merly placed it below her belly button. The same place as before. 
"Is that helping?"
"Not enough. Make it stop!"
"It's going to pass. Hold my hand."
...
"Just a little longer now."
...
"Gone?"
"Yes."
"I'll give you a sponge bath. I'll wipe off that sweat."
The interval between the cramps is getting smaller. First at 4; next 7:30; now 10:30. Plus, they're worsening. This is exactly what Bean went through when she had her baby. Are these cramps or contractions? And what about the water leakage at midnight?
"Merly, your mom told you how babies are made right?"
"A bit."
"Has any man touched you with a part of his body where he shouldn't have touched you?"
"I know about that part of baby-making. No man has touched me that way."
"Perhaps you were asleep?"
"No man would have gotten close enough to me to do that. That's why Poseidon gave me a bodyguard."
"What about when you were in your mermaid body? A merman perhaps? What about Merrick."
"Merrick is my uncle. He is always with me. He would never allow a merman to be near me. Why?"
"With Earth women, the cramps that you are feeling are part of childbirth."
"I don't have a baby inside of me. My belly isn't big."
"True."
...
"Merly, I'm going to show you how to control pain by breathing. You and I will do this together. It's called Pant, Pant, and Blow. We'll practice it now."
...
"We have time before the next pain. I want you to relax in the salt pool in your mermaid body. This will keep you strong. You'll change back to your woman's body before the next pain."
"How will you know?"
"I have a good idea when it will come. You should feel it building up too."
If the next one starts at 1:15, I'm calling in the cavalry. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Alright Sweetie, you're about two minutes away from the next contraction. Let the water buoy you up. Winnie has you from behind. Just relax back into her arms. I'm entering the pool now. Watch my face and we'll breathe together. You're getting better at this all the time."
"It went better when I screamed."
"Then, scream Sweetie. Women I've helped scream all the time." 
Winnie, we're thirty seconds away. Get in her head now. Give her strength. Lots of praise.
Will do, Granny. What are you going to do about pushing? There's nothing there to push out. 
We'll let Greek goddess nature take her course. Merly's body is operating on automatic right now. We're just here to comfort her.
 # # # # # # # # 
Karita to all team: PornoGuy is headed towards the apartment building. He has his briefcase of master keys. Arrival in five or ten minutes. Maddy, do you copy?
Maddy: I'm ready. Let me know if he's coming up in the elevator or taking the stairs. Also, tell me what body he's in. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"That was good, Sweetie. The contractions are coming very close together now. That's a good thing. It means that you're almost done."
"Is Winnie in my head?"
"Yes, I am. Do you want me to leave?"
"No. I want you to scream with me. I'm going to scare this thing out of me."
"You're in control now, Sweetie." 
 # # # # # # # # 
Karita: PornoGuy is in the building. He's standing in front of the mailboxes. He's starting to open them one at a time. 
"Let her rip, Sweetie. You too, Winnie." 
Paula: What's he doing? He knows where Ruth is. Why is he opening mailboxes?
"YOWLLLLLLLLLLLLL."
Maddy: What's going on, Paula?
"YOWLLLLLLLLLLLLL."
Karita: Could he have forgotten where Ruth's apartment is?
"Take a breath, Sweetie. You're almost done."
Karita: PornoGuy has stopped opening the mailboxes.
"The pain is gone. I want to push. What am I supposed to do?"
Karita: PornoGuy is walking to the stairs. He left all the mailboxes open. 
"Follow your instincts."
Karita: The last box he opened with Winnie's. Winnie Wiltz
"Arunphhhhhh."
Maddy: Piper and I were wearing shirts at practice with the words 'Wiltz Twins' on the back. 
"Take a breath, Sweetie. You're doing it right."
Paula: He's going after Piper. He's on the stairs now. He's in his mortal body.
"One more time, Sweetie."
Paula: Maddy, use your devil body to drop through the floor to the second floor. Then go invisible.
 # # # # # # # # 
"It's over, Sweetie."
"You're one tough fish, Merly."
"What did I have inside me?"
"Nothing came out. I was there waiting just in case."
"Didn't your mother tell you what was going to happen when you entered puberty?"
"She didn't say anything about this. She only said that I'd have breasts."
"Well," Granny started. "She was right about that. You just gave birth to tiny twin breasts."
...
"Granny's right Merly. You have breasts now."
"I do?"
"Look down."
Paula to Winnie: We have a situation here. Could you come down? 
Winnie to Paula: Urgent?
Paula to Winnie: No, but come soon.
"I have breasts! Is that because of all that pushing?"
"No," Granny said. "It's because of the hormones that were running through your body with that fake pregnancy."
"I've just had twins," Merly giggled. 
"Can I be their godmother, Merly?" Winnie asked and giggled back. 
...
"Why are we being so goofy, Granny. A minute ago Merly was having intense pain."
"Adrenaline. Happiness at the pain being over."
"You're not being goofy, Granny. May I call you Granny?"
"Yes, you may. I'm feeling goofy too."
'Prove it," Winnie challenged.
"Mother and boobs are doing well, but she's going to have a little difficulty nursing them." 
"Good one."
"I have to go down to Earth. PornoGuy has been busy."
"I gotta go too. Doc is doing double duty. Hug, hug. Kiss, kiss."
...
 Merly looked at Winnie and Winnie looked back. "You don't want to be alone right now, right?"
"No. I won't tell anybody about your secrets."
[Truth.] "Grab a quick shower and we'll go."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8 

"This is Merly. She's from a planet named Poseidon and she's a mermaid. This is her humanoid body. She's a friend and she'll keep our secrets."
Well, that announcement was a showstopper. Nobody said anything, but they did stare. Merely was in her green luminescent robe, which revealed nothing. You'll know who stomped into that silence.
"Prove you're a mermaid!" Maddy challenged. 
"I can't stand up on my tail, Winnie."
"How about sitting on the sofa? Can you live out of water?"
"For a bit." The robe disappeared.
...
"If we play battle games in the lake, I have dibs on Merly being my partner."
"Are you embarrassed by everybody starting at your body?" Paula was the most empathetic member of the crew.
"No. I'd stare at them too if I had a mirror," Merly said candidly. "These things are new." 
"Enough with the introductions. Paula, what happened?"
Merly's robe appeared and covered her. She stood on two bare feet. Only then did Winnie's team turn their eyes to her. 
"Paula, what happened?" Winnie repeated.
"Short answer. The Pittsburgh police were never after Ruth. They were trying to use her to find Piper. That's why Ruth was not killed in Pittsburg. PornoGuy found Ruth in Tucson. He figured that Piper would be living with her. But, he was looking for a brown-haired catcher and couldn't find her. He clued in that she might have died her hair and thought that Piper was Maddy. He entered the building intent on finding the Wiltz apartment. He was going to kill the blond girl living there along with anybody else who could identify him. Maddy knocked him out easily in the hallway before he could get to the Wiltz apartment where we had stashed Piper and Ruth."
"And he confessed?"
"Not exactly."
"That doesn't sound good."
"It's not," Paula agreed. "Maddy had knocked him unconscious, but he was going to wake up soon and you were giving me voice mail. Since he was already unconscious, Karita thought it would be a great time to find out the truth. So, she and Maddy carried him up to Ruth and Piper's empty apartment, put him into Piper's bedroom and hypnotized him. What I told you a minute ago, we learned from that hypnosis. He doesn't know who told him to kill the brown-haired catcher girl. He doesn't know why he was given the assignment. He is a killer-by-contract devil operating out of Hell and can be borrowed by other devils who have problems with their operations. He knows that Piper is underage. He knows that killing mortals is wrong."
"So he's still in the bedroom behind me?" [Winnie and her team were meeting in the apartment that Maddy had been guarding.]
"He's on the bed but he's tied up. He could burst those restraints easily if he were able to assume his devil body. We thought about getting a devil stassis charger, but Karita can keep him asleep under hypnosis until she says the magic words."
 "Karita, you did great. Maddy, well done on putting him out of business. Paula, good decision making. Meghan, thank you for your research on the four devils. Thanks to all of you, we found out the truth and now we know who to protect. We also have a lead to finding out why the devils are coming after Piper."
Merly coughed.
"Don't bother coughing. Just talk."
"What lead do you have?" Merly asked.
"Piper's the lead. She did something in Pittsburgh that scared the devils. We'll try and discover what she did soon, but we have a problem now. What do we do with PornoGuy? We have enough hypnotized information to end his afterlife one way or another. But we can't do that without a trial process and without letting Hell know that we've caught him. If they find out that we have him, they'll shut down whatever big operation that they're conducting in Pittsburgh until it's safe for them to resume. Also, if Hell finds out that we have PornoGuy, we can't do anything about Hell's contract killer program. This is something we have to stop. It could be more dangerous than their Pittsburgh operation. So, what do we do with him now?"
...
"Anybody?"
"I've never heard of a contract killer capability in Hell," Meghan started. "I don't see Satan approving it. It would be too risky for him. He doesn't need to take that kind of chance. I'd look at devils who were chafing at not being able to kill and maim like they did in the good old days."
"Somebody in the Inner Pentagram?" Winnie asked. 
"Has to be. And the killing function has to be well hidden from Satan. I don't dare ask around about it."
"Can we impersonate PornoGuy?" Paula asked.
"We don't know enough about what he does, who he knows, or what his mannerisms are. There'd be high risk of discovery if we tried it. A short impersonation where he doesn't have to interact with anybody might work." 
"What about a memory wipe?" Maddy asked.
"Too much would have to be erased," Karita answered. "I could hypnotize into forgetting what happened to him here, but we need him to be able to confess that information to the Cops. He can't do that if it's been wiped or hypnotized away."
"I could hide him," Merly dived into the conversation.
"Where?" Paula asked. 
"Your oceans have a lot of small deserted islands. Some of them are big enough to support life. I can take him to one and keep an eye on him. I don't mind if he sees me."
"At some point, we'll have to let him go," Meghan reminded. "He'll tell everybody he can what happened to him."
"Who's going to believe a deserted island survivor who says he was kept on an island by a mermaid?" Merly made a good point.
"Karita, I need some answers from PornoGuy. Can you still question him?"
"I can. What do you want me to ask?"
"First: Did he ever communicate his progress in finding Piper to anybody, including the four devils he lived with? Second, how was he going to let the person who hired him know that Piper was dead?"
"Give me a minute."
...
"The four devils don't know why he's here. They gave him the master keys because they had been told to cooperate fully. He doesn't ever report to his boss. When he's done with his target, he goes home and his boss will know that he was successful." 
"That's good news," Winnie said.
"How good?" Paula asked.
"Good, but not good enough." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Maddy, do Ruth or Piper have to return to their apartment?" Winnie asked. 
"Not today. They have their practice gear in your apartment, but I should make sure they don't come up here by accident." 
"Do that. On the way to practice, you can tell them that they don't have to worry anymore about somebody finding them. They're safe here and can live a normal life. They can move back into their apartment after practice."
"Will do."
"Merly, do you know a specific deserted island where you can stash PornoGuy?" 
"I saw an island that will work."
"Can you find it from the air or do you have to swim there?"
"I know its location relative to the Greek Island where you took me. I can find it from the air if I can see the sun."
"OK. I have a Wilizy plane stashed nearby. Merly and I will use the plane to find her island today. If it's going to work for us, I'll establish a portal so that I can travel to the island quickly. Merly can use our portals if one of us accompanies her through it. Once I have the portal established, Karita will take PornoGuy to the island and dump him there so that he won't be a threat to us. I don't know how much time we'll need to find the island, so you may have to stash him somewhere temporarily."
"There's a spot on the roof of this building."
"The rest of you can take some time off. We'll meet in the castle 9 in the morning on Sunday."
"Personnel for the operation, Winnie?" Paula asked. 
"Everybody here. Does anybody know if Cassie will be available?"
"She's had her introduction to sex. It didn't go all that well for her. I'll ask her."
"Thanks, Paula. Questions from anybody?"
....
"Merly, let's go for a plane ride."
"What's a plane?"

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

After some initial conversation about what a plane was and how it flew, Winnie and Merly settled down to a long trip. They were flying at high altitude with clouds below them, so there wasn't much to see.
"This plane can fly itself at this altitude," Winnie started. "We can have a private conversation." She turned sideway in her seat and Merly did the same in reaction.
"I'm a little confused. I understand why Poseidon would want you to have a bodyguard while you're here. I don't understand why he gives you a bodyguard when you're at home. Do other regal women have bodyguards following them around?"
"No." [Truth.]
"Why do you need one?"
"He requires it." [Truth.]
"Do any other women in his court or in the capitol city walk around with a bodyguard following them?"
"No." [Truth.]
"Why you?"
"Most of the people of Poseidon do not like our species." [Truth.] 
"Why not?"
"Because we are fish with breasts. They think that we are immodest." [Truth.]
"But aren't you in your humanoid body with your gown on when you are walking around town?"
"Yes." [Truth.]
"So when do they see your people bare breasted?"
"When we come out of the water." [Truth.]
"Do your people visit the land often?"
"No." [Truth.]
"So, when somebody from your species leaves the water and comes on shore, would they automatically receive a bodyguard?"
"No." [Truth.]
"Why you and only you?"
"Because I'm the bastard daughter of Poseidon and I am treated like royalty even though I'm a fish." [Truth.]
"The bodyguard is there to protect you from the humanoids of Poseidon?"
"Yes. When I have a bodyguard, all they can do is stare at me and make indecent gestures. They are afraid that I will rule over them in some way. Poseidon treats me better than most of his legitimate children." [Truth.]
"He has other children?"
"Lots of them. Poseidon has a #1 wife, but he has other wives as well. As a god, he's expected to do that." [Truth.]
"They are legal wives, ceremonies and all?"
"Yes." [Truth.]
"But you were born without your mother being married to him."
"Yes." [Truth.]
"How was he able to do that?"
"Greek gods have the right to mate with any woman they desire provided that she is not married or betrothed. This is a long-standing tradition. When my mother's husband did not show up to do his duty with his child, Poseidon sent him into exile where he was expected to go mad. Poseidon decreed that this meant that my mother was neither married nor betrothed. Having legally ruled to his own benefit, he exercised his right to take her to his bed. My mother considered it to be rape. As far as we know, Poseidon was the first humanoid ever to have sex with a mermaid. He kept her at court until she produced a child. Me." [Truth.]
[Narrator: In the era of the Greek Gods and other divine royalty kings, they had something called 'Droit du Seigneur' which is French for 'the king's right.' According to the Droit du Seigneur in some medieval countries, the king could take any peasant woman he wanted. He could also take noble women but that didn't always go over too well with the noblemen who lived in castles and had private armies. Peasants didn't have armies. In some other countries, the king had the 'right of the first night' which meant he had the right to have sex with a woman on her wedding night, even before the groom. My readers may not believe this, but all of what I have written is true.]
"Is there a reason why your uncle is your bodyguard?"
"He's the only one that Poseidon trusts to keep me safe." [Truth.]
"Safe from what?"
"Losing my virginity." [Truth.]
"Why does he care?"
"As my father, Poseidon has the right to give me away in marriage. A virginal mermaid will bring him a very large sum. The marriage vows will stipulate that I must do whatever my husband tells me to do. My husband will share me with his friends, probably for money or tribute." [Truth.]
"Is this why you offered to help us?"
"Yes. When Poseidon sees my new body, he will announce that I am available for marriage. I don't want to go home." [Truth.]

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

The island that Merly had selected for PornoGuy would work fine for the angels; less so for him. It was far enough from shore that no errant copters would find it, plus the daily rains would provide water. Winnie had explained why he didn't need food. He'd survive easily by staying in his devil body and soaking up the energy from the dark, but he was marooned there with no likelihood of escaping or being found. Winnie set up a portal safely away from the island for Merly and brought her back to Tucson. There, she stashed the plane and took Merly back to Heaven for a meeting with Joe-Joe.
Meanwhile, Karita used the portal (code name PornoGuy) to dump the devil on the beach next to a splintered wreck of a sailboat. She left him with post hypnotic instructions to forget his intrusion into the apartment building and to awake at dawn. 
 # # # # # # # #
The meeting with Joe-Joe went well. He adjusted the settings for the PornoGuy portal so that Merly could use it, but only from Earth. The portals that connected Heaven to Earth were tied in with the purity gates and only senior angels and military angels were able to use them. She'd have to be accompanied by an angel to get into or out of Heaven. Winnie left Merly at the castle and went to see Guinny.
 # # # # # # # #
"So you want Heaven to interfere in another planet's laws and societal rules."
"No, Guinny. They can keep their hatred of mermaids. Poseidon can keep his ambitions of generating as much tribute as he can. He can even become the God of Gods of the sector and we won't interfere. What I'm suggesting will not change any of that."
"You want us to hide her."
"I prefer to think of it as giving her sanctuary. They're going to turn her into a sexual play thing and she'll have a very long life of that in front of her."
"Are you going to ride off on your gallant steed Rocinante determined to remove the word 'obey' from their marriage vows?"
"No. If the planet wants to treat their women that way, far be it for me to interfere. I chose not to be Don Quixote and tilt at windmills."
"Nice comeback. You've read Cervantes' Don Quixote novel?"
"I saw the film."
"Here I thought you were becoming cultured."
"Not a chance. You know Merly's future. Why wouldn't we give her sanctuary?"
"Keeping her here could jeopardize our future relationships with other planets. What if Poseidon complained to the Cops about our interference?"
"He won't."
"How can you be so sure?" 
"They're in violation of the planet's constitution with the Cosmos. They don't treat all of their citizens equally. Women for example. We could threaten to reveal that if he called in the Cops."
"What's in it for Heaven?"
"She can be an addition to my team. I don't know how I'd use her in a non-marine battle, but she can help us. I still haven't learned enough about her to know how. I'll know better after our two operations are over."
"Keep talking."
"The better way to look at this is what Earth gets out of this. If Isaac can figure out a way to convert plastic to something useful, we could rid the oceans of that plastic. Merly would be invaluable in that regard."
"Sounds like you have a personal interest in this."
"You mean apart from ridding the world of misogynous men?"
"Yes."
"Well, I am the god mother of her two twins."
"That's the story I've been waiting to hear. Granny said that you'd be coming by but didn't even hint why. C'mon, girl. Make my day!"
"Clint Eastwood in Dirty Harry."
"What?"
"I thought you were cultured. You gotta watch more shoot'em'ups, Guinny."
"What?"
"As an all knowing god Guinny, you leave a lot to be desired. I won't tell anybody if you give Merly sanctuary."
"Nice threat. Don't be afraid to use that kind of lever on Poseidon. Also, think about making him an offer he can't refuse."
"You know about The Godfather. You suckered me again."
"I enjoy these little talks. Offer the mermaid a chance of receiving sanctuary. She has to prove her worth to us first. Now tell me about the twins that you helped deliver."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

Sunday, team meeting time in the castle. In addition to the usual crew, Cassie had rejoined the team and Merly was there in her green luminescent gown. Winnie hadn't talked with her about a sanctuary. She wanted to find out first why she had lied to her when they first met. 
"Maddy, did Ruth and Piper get relocated alright?"
"Yes, both of them were very happy and sent their thanks. Piper is going to keep her blonde hair. I like having a friendly twin for change."
"Watch that. I know things," Karita threatened.
"A friendly twin who can play baseball."
"Better."
"Now that we know that Hell was after Piper, that means that she knows something that Hell doesn't want her to know. From the timing of the attack on Ruth, it looks like Piper learned something on the last day of the tournament. That knowledge may lead us somewhere."
"I spent the whole day with her up to the point when she went home well after the tournament was over," Maddy said. "I didn't see anything unusual."
"But you weren't looking for anything. Karita and Meghan, try to find out what Piper saw or heard in Pittsburgh. Start by interviewing her and Maddy together. Together, they may remember something. Use the full array of our search resources. There's gotta be something. Questions?"
"No."
"Paula and Cassie, find the biggest mobster in Pittsburg. I'm assuming that he will smell like sulfur or he will be able to lead us to the devil who is running things. I selected the two of you so that you can follow our target into Hell. Guys, right now, we're trying to identify the players. Once we know that, we can start uncovering their operation. Maddy, I haven't given you an assignment because I'm assuming that you are still in baseball camp."
"Yes. I'll be training with girls who are a year older. Piper is doing the same thing."
"Enjoy. I'll be working with Merly and Heaven's scientific team that is trying to find a solution to the plastic poisons covering Earth's oceans. That's it for the meeting. Does anybody have anything to add?"
"Are we hitting the lake?" Meghan asked. "I want to see Merly in her mermaid body." 
"Merly can you handle fresh water?"
"Yes, it won't energize me, but it won't do me any harm either." 
"Remember, I have dibs on teaming up with Merly."
"Traitor," her former teammate accused. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie was sitting across from Merly at the table in the conference room with Merly. The rest had left with vows that they would find a way to beat the formidable duo of Merly and Maddy. Stun guns were being considered.
"I'm trying to find a way that Heaven can help you avoid returning to Poseidon and what awaits you there. Heaven is in a tough spot. You're a citizen of another planet. We have no right to keep you here against Poseidon's will. If I'm going to find a way, I need to know absolutely everything about you and your capabilities as well as what's happening back in Poseidon with your uncle and your mother."
"Everything?"
"Everything, including your mother's husband who I know is not dead."
"His name is Mervin. He did miss being at the birth of Mom's first baby, but he couldn't reveal where he was. The birth was premature, but Mom knew she was able to handle it alone, so they didn't take any precautions."
"She could handle the birth on her own?"
"For mermaids, actual birth involves the mother squirting the baby out of her body and the father catching it and cutting the umbilical cord. She feels no pain. It takes a few minutes."
"The pain comes when mermaids enter puberty?"
"I guess. She never talked about that."
"Where was Mervin?"
"Background first. We have a small nest of 23 mermaids and mermen. Our numbers are falling. We don't know why. We do know that the people of Poseidon hate us because we are fish. We're sentient, but we're still fish. This hatred existed long before I was born. It became worse after I was born as I've already told you."
"Yes."
"We try as much as possible to stay out of their way. We are very successful at that because our nest is well hidden. The planet has an active fishing industry, but we always know where the boats are and we can avoid swimming in those waters while they are around because we can communicate long distances through the water."
"How did Poseidon learn that her husband had not been there to help her with the premature birth."
"We don't know."
"Does he have a spy in your nest?"
"Probably. That would be the obvious conclusion. Or he has listening devices. Or he's the God of Oceans and knows everything that happens anywhere in the water."
"Is your uncle the spy?"
"Perhaps. The nest wanted one of our men to be in Poseidon's entourage so that he could represent our interests. Merrick volunteered for the bodyguard-training program. He was supposed to be our spy."
"But he was turned?"
"Perhaps. The reason that Mervin couldn't be at the birth was because he was meeting with a small group of us who want to do something about how we are treated. They argue that hiding is not a solution. They want to take action but they don't know what action to take. There are only 23 of us. We have no power. At that particular meeting, they were talking about taking over a spaceship, but none of us knows how to fly it. It's hopeless."
"Yes." 
"Mervin wouldn't say what he was doing and Poseidon probably knew anyway. He sent him into exile so that he could mate with my mom. Mervin was in an old nest a short swim away. He wasn't in exile, he was just sleeping alone. They have no way of knowing what we do underwater."
"So you and you mom saw him regularly."
"Yes. I liked him. He was very kind to me whenever I was allowed to be in the nest."
"They know what's awaiting you."
"Yes. They were talking about hiding me in the ocean where Poseidon couldn't find me. They can't do that because Poseidon is the god of oceans. He would personally find me and probably destroy everybody in the nest."
"What do your people want?"
"It depends who you ask. I want to have a husband who won't share me with his friends. My mother wants to kill Poseidon. Mervin wants us to have a seat on what passes as Poseidon's government."
"Can you tell your uncle what to do?"
"Yes. He is a bodyguard. I am a member of the royal family. He bosses me around when we're alone, but in public, he has to act like a servant." 
"I will try to keep you here but I don't know how long I can do that. Isaac would be happy to see your uncle leave, but I asked him to keep him until I was ready. Isaac has some scientific secrets that have to remain secret."
"Secrets like how you communicate without talking."
"Yes."
"Do you tell Isaac what to do?"
"I ask, but my request has some bite to it. We're friends."
"Earth women can tell men what to do?"
"Yes, if they are their boss in a job. This varies from country to country. It's more common in advanced countries."
"A woman doesn't have to do whatever her husband wants? Like having sex when he wants it?"
 "A husband and a wife are supposed to be a team. Sometimes they do what the wife says, perhaps because she knows things the husband doesn't. Sometimes, it works the other way. They have mutual respect. A marriage should not be one boss with a sex slave. Not every couple works that way, but that's how Galahad and I work."
"Can I change my answer to one of your questions?"
"Which question?"
"You asked what I wanted."
"Your new answer?"
"I want to live with Galahad."
"I understand why you would, but we don't share that way. Can a merman have more than one wife?"
"If the wife agrees. There aren't very many mermen in our nest. We need to share to keep our numbers up." 
"Here's what will happen next. You and I will meet with your uncle this afternoon. I'll say that Heaven has some promising research that will allow us to clean up our oceans. I'll say that you would be a huge help to us if you could stay here in Heaven for a while. I'll say that Queen Guinevere has already agreed to this and I have formally asked you to stay. You'll say that you have agreed to stay and help. Then, you'll tell your uncle to go back to Poseidon and report what has happened. Don't stand up at any time in front of him, not even to say goodbye."
"Why not?"
"He'll notice the twins."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

"We didn't watch the Plungers' first game," Piper recalled. "It was against a very weak team and it would be boring. We went to the small diamond and played some ball." 
"What did you do?" Karita asked.
"The previous day, we had done a lot of individual skills," Maddy answered. "I gave Piper some hard pitches to block and she gave me practice pitching to the corners. We had done some fake pop-ups and some long throws. But we couldn't do real pop-ups because we didn't have a bat. So that morning, I asked Piper if she could get a bat."
"I couldn't use a proper Plunger bat because they were all at the game. So, I picked up a bat from the room where we were storing our extra equipment and used that one. I returned it when we were done." 
"How long did you stay at the small diamond?"
"Only for that first game," Maddy said. "We came back to the main diamond for the next game because we were scheduled to sell hotdogs and popcorn bags. We spent the rest of the day there. It got quite busy at times."
"Did you ever leave the booth?"
 "I had a bathroom break and so did Piper when it was slow."
"Did you watch the Plungers' last game, Piper?"
"We had a sort of view from the booth but we took turns coming out of the booth to watch it. We could always see the concession booth and so we made sure that whoever was in the booth wasn't too busy. By afternoon, we were tired of watching the games and we knew Cuba was going to win, so we sat in the booth and talked. We were cleaning the stands near the concession after the last game in the tournament when my mom grabbed me and we ran home. Third base had seen my dad."
"Anything else to add, Maddy?"
"The hotdogs were gross." 
 # # # # # # # #
That same day, Winnie was attending a meeting in her boardroom. Unlike other meetings in that boardroom, she wasn't chairing it. Unlike other meetings, she might have to struggle to understand what the participants were saying. That was because the participants were Isaac Newton and William of Wilizy fame. Isaac had sent William all of the papers his people had prepared, including the ones that Merrick the body-guarding merman hadn't known about. Winnie was there because she had to bring William to Heaven. She was also present because, one way or another, she would have to make sense of whatever the two scientists were going to do for the Earth's plasticized ocean surface. So far, she was understanding the conversation. 
Isaac identified the biggest obstacle that they faced. "Plastic can't be recycled effectively, and even if it could, it's still plastic."
"No matter how hot you make it, molten plastic just gums up whatever it covers." William added another obstacle. 
"If you make it too hot, it becomes plastic vapor which would be instantly deadly."
"We need to change its form."
"Agreed. To what? And how?"
"Freezing?" 
"It will become brittle and it's still plastic."
"Do we have chemicals that will change it into something benign?"
"To incorporate the chemicals, we'd have to change the plastic into a liquid which means molten plastic again."
"I don't like adding chemicals to a substance that is full of treacherous chemicals already."
"Agreed. We should not look for a chemical solution."
"That leaves physics for us to try."
....
"Can we use gravity somehow?"
"Trust Isaac Newton to think of gravity."
"Would it be any help?"
"I don't see how unless you're picking apples off a tree that is too tall for you."
"That story about a falling apple was exaggerated. It didn't fall on my head."
"Good story, though."
 "What would happen if we did something to plastic in a non carbon-oxygen environment?"
"There'd be no worries about plastic vapor. But, how would manipulating it in helium help, for example?"
"I was thinking of a water environment."
"We don't want more poisons in the oceans than we already have."
"Good point."
 ...
"Did I ever tell you how we're been removing carbon from Earth's atmosphere and converting it to diamonds?" 
"No."
[You already know what William is going to say. The science is described in Book #6, Bob, the Invisible Dragon.]
 # # # # # # # #
"Is your carbon extraction working?"
"Yes. Our current diamond production is at the perfect point to promote slow and steady air temperature decreases. I don't know what to do with all the diamonds. I'm dumping them into a deep underwater canyon right now. There's thousands of them lying there." 
"You've described an environment of extreme pressure, extreme heat, and no air."
"Insert plastic instead of carbon and see what happens?"
"What about adding diamonds too? Hardest substance known to man. Whatever we get out of it will not be gooey."
"We can't test it in the lab. It'll have to be on site."
"I know somebody who could help you out," Winnie was finally able to contribute to the meeting.
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

Tuesday, the next day: Karita and Meghan were reporting back to Winnie on their Piper assignment. They were in the castle's boardroom. 
"I didn't get anything out of my interview with Maddy and Piper, so Meghan joined in and we TiTr'd that last day of the tournament. It went exactly like they said. The two of them practiced early in the day and then they ran a popcorn and hotdog concession. They had a lot of ball players coming to the concession. It would be impossible to track them all, but we didn't see the need. The ball players wouldn't have anything to do with Pittsburgh." 
"Were the two of them ever apart?" Winnie asked. 
"Why would that be important?" Meghan asked.
"I'm grasping at straws," Winnie confessed. "With Maddy there, we have the memories of two people. Less chance of missing something. If we look closely at the times where Piper was alone, perhaps we'll find something. It's a long shot."
"They had two bathroom breaks and the time when Piper picked up a bat from the team's storage room. She also returned it alone."
"Any discrepancies between the interview and the TiTr?"
"Not really," Karita said. "Piper hadn't described how she took a bat from a bat bag that was in a storeroom. I don't see how that could be important." 
"Nor do I," Winnie agreed. "This is the only day when Piper could have attracted murderous attention. There's gotta be something. Perhaps before she reached the ball park?"
"I could hypnotize her. She might remember something new."
"Good idea. Check on the walk from apartment to ballpark. I'd like to listen in. I might hear something. I'm busy this afternoon with Merly though."
"They're at practice anyway. After dinner?"
"Good. Make sure you get permission from Ruth to hypnotize Piper and invite her to attend."
"You won't need me," Meghan observed. "Paula and Cassie are swamped."
"Good idea. Join them and stay with them. This particular lead looks like it's a dead end."
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday afternoon, still in Heaven.
"The details of what you'd be doing are still unknown, but I wanted to make sure that helping with the experiment is something that wouldn't harm you."
"Deep water is no problem. Mermaid bodies adjust easily. I don't know about the extreme heat. We don't have any active volcanoes underwater, but we do have some deep fissures in Poseidon's ocean floor. I believe there might be bubbles of magma, but I've never gone near them. There'd be no reason to. I don't mind trying it. Do you think that you could remove your plastic this way?"
"Isaac was quite excited. They're drawing up the outlines of an experiment today. They'll automate it as much as possible so that you can keep your distance. Shall I tell them you'll be available from tomorrow on?"
"Sure. It's too soon for me to be a mermaid for PornoGuy, so I have lots of time."
"Are you comfortable doing that?"
"Not really. Maddy told me that he's a pornography addict and what that means. He'll be leering and drooling."
"Wear a top of some kind. I have some black sports bras you can try on."
"Thank you. Maddy also told me what a bra was. Did Poseidon contact Heaven yet?"
"Not yet. Now that you're assisting with the research, we can be emphatic on our need for you."
"Will I get paid?"
"Two minnows an hour. I can't go any higher."
"You're funny. How would I learn how to do that?"
"I don't know. It just comes to me. I hung around with William a lot when I was growing up. He has a great sense of humor underneath that scientific brain. The family thought of our humor as a curse."
"I don't see how humor could be a curse."
"Speaking of curses, have I told you about the Angelion curse that all angel women face, including me."
"No."
"I had a bout of it last month. Your introduction to puberty was painful but you only have to go through that once. The Angelion curse is more embarrassing than painful and it comes calling twice a year. First, you need to have two sets of ropes in your bedroom. I am not making this up. ..."
 # # # # # # # #
"You're on your way to the ball park, Piper. What do you see?"
"Other players. They are wearing their uniforms and are carrying equipment bags."
"Are any of them looking at you?"
"No."
"Are any men around?"
"No."
"You're in the ball park. What are you doing now?"
"I'm looking for Maddy. She said that she'd be here."
"Do you see her?"
"Yes. She's sitting in the stands behind home plate."
"What are you doing now?"
"We're deciding to skip the first game. We're going to the other diamond to practice."
"Do you notice anything unusual on the way?"
"No."
"What are you doing now?"
"We're talking about what drills we'll do. Maddy is saying that we could get a good workout if we had a bat to hit fly balls. I'm telling her that I can't take a Plungers' bat because they're being used in the game. She's looking disappointed."
"Now what?"
"I'm telling her that Tully always brings extra bats to games in case one breaks. I know where they'll be. I offer to bring us one. Maddy says she'll put on her cleats and start a warm-up while I get one."
"Now what do you see?" 
"I've found the storeroom where Tully was keeping all of his stuff. I'm looking for the bat bag, but I don't see it at first. I find it, zip it open, lift out the top one and test its weight. Most women's bats are too heavy for Maddy and me. We would need something lighter to hit fly balls. This bat is quite long and it feels light, so I take it back to the second diamond."
"Does anybody come to the second diamond while you're there?"
"No."
"Skip forward to the end of your practice with Maddy. How do you know that it's time to go?" 
"We hear the teams cheering each other and the PA announcer giving the final score. We have fifteen minutes before the next game."
"Now what?"
"Maddy and I are switching out of our cleats and into our sport shoes. I'm putting both sets of cleats into my equipment bag. We're leaving. She's carrying my bag and I have the bat." 
"You're at the main stadium now. What are you doing?"
"I'm the one who has to return the bat because I know where to put it away. Maddy says that she'll meet me at the concession."
"So you return the bat?"
"Yes. I put it back into the bat bag and zip it up. Then, I leave. On the way back, I pass Tully who saw me coming out of the storage room. He doesn't look happy with me."
"Why would he be unhappy?"
 "Tully knows exactly what he has in the equipment room. He doesn't want anybody to mess with his equipment when we travel so that he doesn't have to inventory it after we travel."
"Does everybody do as he asks?"
"Yes."
"Now what are you doing?"
"I find Maddy waiting at the concession stand and we start heating up the hotdogs."
Karita, take her back to Tully's equipment room and ask her to describe it in more detail.
"Let's go back a little, Piper. You are going to the equipment room to find a bat. You're now inside the room. Tell me what you see in detail." 
"I see a mess. It's not an organized equipment room like we have at our home park. It's just a small room in a corner of the stadium. Everything is jumbled together. I see spare hats as well as a bunch of spare cleats all tied together by their laces. I see a couple of bulging ball bags. I see three spare uniforms on hangers but they not hanging up. They're lying on the top of the mess. The bat bag that I'm looking for is at the bottom of the mess."
Karita, find out if she put the bat in the bat bag and then covered the bag again when she returned it.
"Piper, you've put the bat away in the bat bag, what's the very next thing you do?"
"I'm leaving."
Karita, you can wake her up now. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Ruth, tell me about Tully," Winnie asked. 
"He's been with us a long time. He took care of the detail work around a ball team. Everything was always done properly. He arranged the deal to move us to Pittsburgh and it was going to be a better arrangement than we had in Wooster."
"Did he ever accidentally walk into the locker room when the team was changing?"
"Never. He was hardly ever at practices because he didn't need to be there. His equipment room at our home park was very tidy and organized. Before practice, the first players to arrive would unlock the equipment room and take what we'd need to the diamond. That was mostly ball bags and bats."
"The door was locked?"
"The Wooster stadium was open to the public 24/7. I had a key and he did too. Usually, I would arrive at the stadium first. If not, the first player at the stadium would use a third key that was taped to the underside of the bench in the home team's dugout."
"How'd you get along with him?"
"Everything was great. He let me coach; I let him manage."
"Piper, did you ever catch Tully looking at you and turn away quickly?"
"No. He's an old guy. Why would he look at me?"
"He was friends with us, Winnie. He was at our going away party."
"I remember, Ruth. He had some money to distribute to you, I believe."
"He would never cheat us. He only wanted to support women's baseball. He said that he couldn't come with us to Tucson but he might start up another women's team. We agreed that he could keep all of our equipment and uniforms because those costs had come out of his share of the revenue."
"I remember."
"It can't be him."
"It's probably not. Do you take team pictures?"
"Every year."
"I only have a vague recollection of what he looks like. Could you dig one up that has him in the picture."
"He's not in any. He didn't want to intrude. We had done all the hard work."
"How about describing him for Karita and me?"
"He's in his sixties. He has gimpy legs that make it hard for him to walk erect. That makes him look short. I thought he said something about a broken leg in his youth. He has strong upper body strength. He handles the equipment bags quite easily. He's always well groomed. Full set of hair, mostly white. Big knuckles on his hands. It can't be him."
"It's probably not. But he did know where you were going. We'll check him out if only to exclude him. Do you have any idea where he lives in Pittsburgh?"
"No."
"What about his name? Is Tully his first name? Last name? Nick name?"
 "I don't know."
"Baseball experience?"
"He didn't know much about coaching baseball. He had to coach in the NCAA Championships when I had to be a full time player. He didn't know what to do. I had to tell him." 
"We'll take a look around Pittsburgh for him. There's nothing to worry about, Ruth. We'll rule him out and move on."
 # # # # # # # #
Later, when Winnie and Karita were alone.
Tully doesn't smell of sulfur. I checked him out at the team party. I also saw his face when he told the players about the money coming to them. He was telling the truth.
What about his plans to start another team?
He told the truth about the costs of the equipment coming out of his share. The rest of what he said was not specific enough to determine truth or lie. 
What now?
You and I are going to TiTr all of the Plungers' away games last season. I want to see if the equipment room he uses is always a mess.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 14 

Saturday. Winnie was meeting with her team, including Maddy, in her boardroom. Merly couldn't be there because Isaac was walking her through the procedures she'd have to do as her part in their experiment. He was doing that in a scuba suit in Winnie's lake. 
"I think all of you have heard that Karita's hypnosis turned up some suggestion that Tully might be involved in the attack on Piper. If so, a spare bat might be what started it all. Karita and I TiTr'd all of the Plungers tournaments away from Pittsburgh." 
Karita took over. "The first tournament was at Charlotte on May 28/29. We watched him set up his extra equipment in a small storage room. He did it so that it was very neat and orderly, unlike what he had in Pittsburgh, which was messy and disorganized. All of the bats were in bat bags. They were all standard women's aluminum bats. None of them was particularly light. We skip TiTr'd through the weekend. Nobody other than Tully came into the room and that was only so that he could set up, and afterwards, pack up."
Winnie took over. "We saw the same thing at Louisville on June 4/5 and Nashville on June 11/12. Everything was neat and orderly. We looked for the light bat in the spare bat bag and again it wasn't there. Pittsburgh, June 18/19 started out the very same. He set up a neat room on Saturday morning and didn't come back that day. But, when Winnie and I looked into the room on Sunday morning, the room was exactly as Piper had remembered. It was all in disarray. The bat we were trying to find was in a bat bag at the bottom of the mess."
"We wanted to take the bat out, so we took a picture of the mess first. I unzipped the bag and pulled the bat out. It did feel light, but what do I know? Winnie pulled a regular bat from the bat bag and we compared them. The first bat was noticeably lighter and it was longer by a bit. We used the picture to put the room back the way we found it, left the room and ended the TiTr."
Karita resumed that story. "As soon as we returned to present time, we TiTr'd again, but this time to Saturday night of that tournament. I'll remind you that the bat hadn't been in the storage closet Saturday, but it was there Sunday morning. The equipment room door was locked but our devil bodies took care of that. In the middle of the night, we heard some scratching on the door and so we switched to invisible bodies and hid against the ceiling. Tully opened the door with a key, found the light switch, and came in carrying the bat we were looking for. He unzipped the bat bag, but before he put the bat inside, he fiddled with the handle. Then, he put it in the bag and threw everything on top of it in a huge mess as we had found."
Winnie again. "I wanted to see that bat again. Why was he fiddling with it? There was no reason to do that. Once again, we undid the mess and pulled out the bat. I had thought that he was trying to turn the bat handle, so I decided to turn it the other way. It took a little pressure but the bat head did turn. I kept turning it until it came completely off. The bat itself was hollow, but completely empty. We used the photograph to make sure we put everything back exactly the way it was before and stopped the TiTr."
Karita: "We hadn't TiTr'd to the end of tourney yet, so we thought it would be safe to do one more trip. After the Plungers' last game, Tully came into the room carrying two bags containing the bats that they had used in the game. He had a wheeled dolly with him. He loaded everything up, wheeled the dolly to the copter parking lot, put everything into the copter, pushed the dolly to the outside of the lot, and took off. We didn't have the means to follow him." 
Winnie ended the report. "We had one more thing to check but I was getting worried about the two of us time traveling in and out of that stadium multiple times. I decided we wouldn't TiTr that weekend again but I'm sure that after he saw Piper coming out of the equipment room, Tully checked the room. He would have seen his bat bag exposed because Piper hadn't covered it up. He wouldn't have known if she had unscrewed the bat or not, but he must have decided not to take a chance and he arranged for her to be killed. We don't know what was in that bat, but whatever was in the bat was worth sending a killer from Hell to murder a young girl to keep it a secret." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

Saturday. Winnie was preparing to meet her team at 9 am, but Isaac showed up unexpectedly. "We're going to redo the experiment and will need Merly again."
"No problem. She's upstairs. You can take her with you if you want. Problem with the trial?"
"No. The trial went exceedingly well. William wants to add titanium to the mixture, so we have to re-do. Here's a little thing you should know, perhaps. I don't think Merly can read. I gave her a document to read on the procedures we were taking and I know she didn't read it. I had to explain what we were doing personally. Perhaps she was too busy to read the document."
"She hasn't been busy at all."
"I'll give her a single sheet of instructions today, watch her as she reads it, and then we'll work in the lake on what she's supposed to do. I don't mind if she can't read. She handled the experiment exactly as we wanted, and some of the time she was exposed to very high heat and pressure. That was very impressive. But, if she can't read, I need to know that. Perhaps you do too."
"Thanks, Isaac. I do need to know. I understand why you're reluctant to ask her directly."
"She's a good kid. I'll let you know what I find after your meeting."
 # # # # # # # #
"I hope somebody has good news, because Karita and I do not. We tried to follow Tully from the Pittsburgh tourney into the future but it didn't work. We know that the bird paste we dropped onto his copter would work, but we couldn't find the copter in present time. This is probably because the Pittsburgh tourney was three weeks ago. We have no other way of finding Tully."
"Are you convinced that Tully was the guy that started the whole attempt on Piper and Ruth?"
"I am, Paula. I don't think he ordered the hit. Somebody quite senior in Hell would have done that. Tully strikes me as a field guy who managed the pick up and delivery of the bat and its contents. I'm also convinced that the bat is a smuggling device."
"How would that smuggling work?" Karita asked.
"The bat is hollow. The only reason you would want a hollow bat would be to smuggle something in it. We know that Hell is involved because they sent an assassin to murder Piper. I think that Hell is working with an accomplice who makes drugs, and puts them into a hollow bat and brings them to a baseball tournament as part of their equipment. An extra bat in their luggage would not be noticed. That somebody passes the drug-containing bat to Tully. On Saturday, Tully meets with another somebody, empties the drugs in the bat into some kind of container. He brings the empty bat back to the stadium Saturday night and hides it. After the tournament, he returns that bat to the original contact at a spot where nobody would notice the transfer."
"If it's drugs, that would tie in with a mob family," Meghan said. 
"I agree. How are you doing with the new crime boss, Cassie?"
"Horribly. Their operations are huge now that they have taken over all of the businesses that Food Sprayer had run. They have no coherent organization right now. Some of Food Sprayer's employees have been made redundant, which means they've been killed and are now resting on the bottom of Lake Erie."
"Do they have a drug business?" Winnie asked.
"Yes. We have no sense yet of how big it is though," Paula answered. 
"Drones?" 
"We've bugged the key room in the Sauerkraut boss' mansion," Meghan reported.
"Sauerkraut?" Maddy asked.
"It's a vegetable dish," Paula began. "You shred the leaves of a cabbage, layer the shreds with salt, and wait for the dish to ferment. It's an acquired taste."
 "Why are they called after a vegetable dish?" Maddy again with the curiosity.
"Back when they were getting started, they sent a Mason jar full of sauerkraut to a small time gang boss who was proving to be reluctant about paying them for operating a numbers racket in their territory. He ignored the message. A week later, he received another Mason jar but with five pickled toes and sauerkraut in it. The toes came from one of their soldiers. Now, if they want to intimidate anybody, they just send them a gift of pigs feet and sauerkraut, which is usually considered to be a traditional German dish." 
The meeting degenerated into a discussion of what food dish you'd send if you wanted to intimidate somebody. We'll skip this part. 
....
"Bottom line, Paula?"
"The three of us are unlikely to find a business that the Sauerkrauts are running that involves smuggling something in a bat. We have nothing to go on."
"Suggestions?" 
"Cut off the toes of the Sauerkraut's boss until he tell us what he's smuggling."
"Let's go for legal suggestions, Cassie."
"Go after the Hell connection?" Paula suggested.
"Too premature," Meghan responded quickly. "I need a lead of some kind first."
"This is tied in somehow with the professional baseball league," Karita started. "The stuff is smuggled in a bat. At a weekend baseball tournament. Of all of the teams that are in the league, which team would be your first choice as the source of the smuggling?"
Cuba was the unanimous choice. 
"What do we know about Cuba?" Winnie asked.
Turns out Nothing was the unanimous response.
"Karita, take your team down to Cuba and find out if they're smuggling drugs out of their country. You're in charge."
 # # # # # # # #
Later that afternoon. 
"Merly can't read," Isaac said.
"Are you sure?"
"I handed her the instruction page upside down. She pretended to read it."
"Would the translator chip allow her understand the page if she could read?"
"Yes."
"That means she's sensitive about it. We'll work around it."
"How do people learn how to read these days?" Isaac asked.
"It's built into the brain plug software."
"Merly doesn't have a brain plug."
"I wonder if that were a deliberate decision. Do you have a sense of how smart she is?" 
"I don't know her well enough yet to form an opinion."
 # # # # # # # #
That evening, Winnie was briefing Guinny. 
"I heard from Poseidon by CWO transmission. He's content with Merly staying with us and helping, but he wants a full report by September 30.
"That gives us a deadline. Merly doesn't have a brain plug and that means she has no ability to read or to write."
"Would that be intentional? Keep Poseidon women barefoot and pregnant?"
"I don't know yet. I'll have to sneak into Poseidon soon."
"What's that? You're breaking up. I can barely hear you." 
"I'm sitting right next to you. It's nothing you should be concerned about. Merly, Galahad and I could be taking a holiday from Heaven soon."
"Take Shields with you in case you have bad weather." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 16

The second week of August saw some potentially great news for Earth. Isaac invited Winnie to his laboratory for a demonstration of what the scientists had accomplished with their search for an environmentally friendly use of plastic. William was there too.
'We did several experiments in which we lowered a container of plastic nearly into the magma of a volcanic fissure. We knew that we couldn't just melt it. What we tried to do was melt it with other substances. The idea was that these other substances would give the melted plastic some non-toxic solidity. We identified three ingredients to add: carbon in the form of diamonds for hardness; iron for strength; and titanium for radiation impermeability. We were successful in merging them into a solid."
"Next, we started a series of experiments to determine the best mix of these ingredients. Our goal was to create a new solid that could be utilized on Earth not only safely but profitably. Ideally, we wanted sheets of this that could be used in construction. The box you see on the table is made of two parts plastic, three parts diamond, one part iron, and two parts titanium. We're calling it plastirondiamium after the ingredients: plast(ic), iron, diam(onds) and (Titan)ium. Pick up the box." 
"It's light."
"The lid opens. What's inside?"
"A tomato."
"Close the box."
"William will now hit the box with a sledge hammer."
...
"It didn't break."
"The lid and walls did bend a minute amount before bouncing back into shape. William will now put the box into this protective chamber. You need to stand back now and put on these protective goggles. This button activates a laser beam of 1 / 100th the strength of an industrial laser. The laser will stay on target for ten seconds."
"What are all the flashes?"
"The laser beam is bouncing off the walls of the box. Then, it's bouncing off the protective walls in the larger chamber."
....
"Ten seconds is now up. William is opening the chamber. Would you care to bring the box to this table?"
"Won't it be very hot?"
"If that were the case, I wouldn't let you touch it."
...
"It's not hot at all."
"Look inside. How's the tomato?"
"Not warm. Not bruised." 
"Clearly a laser beam can't get through this box or even stay on the box long enough to warm it up. To test how the box reacts to a full strength laser, we'd have to take it to outer space. A target on the moon perhaps. Now, next test. Do you know what this machine is?"
"X-rays for dentists?"
"Yes. We'll put the box back in the chamber. Locking it up. Keep your goggles on. Ten seconds of x-rays, William."
...
"Would you care to look at the tomato?"
"It wasn't harmed."
"Now, we'll put the tomato on the stand here all by itself. Keep your goggles on and fire, William."
 "It exploded in the first second."
"Bottom line: No weapon that we could find got through that box."
"If it's so strong, how will you cut it or shape it?"
"Good question. That kind of work would have to be done under high pressure and high heat. In other words, above a magma fissure. Merly already knows how to do that. She created this box."
"For our final presentation, William will show you a small model of how he wants to use plastirondiamium."
...
"Ta dah."
"A space ship?"
"Not just a space ship. It's a space ship that cannot be destroyed by conventional weaponry or by cosmic events like solar flares."
"Earth can have its own spaceship program, Winnie."
"Will it be powered by a rubber band, William?"
"I'm still working on that."
"This is an amazing development guys. Correct me if I'm wrong. Will we need Merly if we're going to build plastirondiamium space ships."
"We won't be able to do it without her."
"Thanks for the pressure."
"Any other questions?"
"Who's going to clean up that exploded tomato?"
...
"Kidding."
...
"Really. I was kidding. I'm not that bad."
# # # # # # # #
Meanwhile, on a desert island on an ocean far, far away.
"Why are you staring at me?"
"I'm trying to figure out what you are."
"I'm a mermaid. My name is Merly. What your name?"
"What are you doing here?"
"I saw signs of occupation on the island. I thought I'd look."
"Would you like a guided tour?"
"I'll stay on this rock in the basin, thank you. Did you have a ship wreck?"
"Yes."
"You're a long way from anywhere. Do you have food and water?"
"I can survive. Could you help me get to civilization?"
"No. Mermaids are supposed to be secret. You'd tell on me."
"No, I wouldn't."
"Yes, you would.
"Yeah, I would."
"Why are you staring at my chest?"
"I heard that mermaids had breasts and didn't wear any clothes on top to hide them."
"I wear this."
"Are you naked under that bra? Would you show me?"
In response, Merly dove into the water, raised her tail into the air, held it there, and vibrated it. 
In mermaid parlance, she had just given PornoGuy the tail. Yes, mermaids do that. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

Winnie's team had been researching Cuba for five days now. They were back in the boardroom and ready to share. Karita started. 
"We obtained our information on Cuba from government sources, web sites and personal observations. Obviously, we couldn't take the risk of appearing in person. I think what we're going to tell you is reasonably accurate. Cassie will start with a description of the Cuban government." 
"Cuba is run by a military government. They've been in place since after The Troubles when Cubans were killing each other for food. Cuba has no elections and citizens do not have anybody or any office to where they might complain. There is no 'free speech.' Complaints about the government are considered treasonous. Major crimes, such as treason, receive a sentence of public execution. The army simply rounds up everybody in the neighborhood and shoots the criminal in front of them."
"Cuba has no crime, a result of the public executions. A police force observes the streets, but the secret police and their army of informants are the ones keeping everybody in check. There are rumors that two out of every five citizens are informants."
"Unlike other countries who have autocratic leaders, the military officers do not enrich themselves. They eat slightly better and that's all. Cuba is an impoverished country, but all of them have food, education and good medical attention. All citizens work, no matter what their age. Older citizens contribute by sweeping the streets. No boats are allowed, and any copter flights off the island are strictly controlled." 
 # # # # # # # #
"My information is on Cuba's economy," Meghan began. "As Cassie said, the people of Cuba are very poor. They have an agricultural economy. Every fertile area of Cuba is used to grow food. They are in the tropics and heat can be a problem, but not for the food. They use desalination plants driven by solar energy to produce water for the plants first, and for the people second. If you want a bath, use the ocean. The food plants that can withstand the heat are grown in the open. Usually they plant two crops a year. The land is fertile; fertilizer comes from the sewers and human waste collection pits." 
"Where land is unsuitable for open air growth, they grow food in green houses hydroponically. All plants are on a water drip and they are fed from a nutrient solution as provided by the country's septic system. No soil is used." 
"All buildings have solar heat panels that link to the national grid. The ocean around Cuba is covered with windmills, again with the power feeding into the grid. Access to that grid is rationed for each family with set times each day when they can connect and how long they can use the power. The priority for power is the food plants first, the schools next, followed by the health institutions." 
 # # # # # # # #
"I'll talk about Cuba's unique economy," Paula started. "They have virtually nothing that they can export. Access to their medical doctors is the only thing that they can trade to buy necessities from nearby islands. The Cubans themselves are reasonably healthy. The national diet is not diverse, but it is healthy. Nearby countries can request medical help on a regular schedule or on an emergency basis. Cuba has a number of transports that can transport doctors and their medical equipment. Security agents watch these doctors closely. If one does not return, his or her family is executed publicly." 
"Visitors from other countries in the Caribbean are welcome. They have a number of 'resorts' where tourists can frolic in the water. They pay handsomely for that privilege. Male tourists may also meet comely looking travel guides who, for a large tip, can keep a bed warm. These guides are expected to bring in revenue, which makes them eager to please." 
"Cuba and the US have had a long history of rancorous relations starting in the 1960s. Even today, citizens from the old United States are not allowed to leave the country and travel to Cuba. This is why Cuba's national women's baseball team is always traveling to the US for their games. Maddy will now talk about Cuba's baseball." 
"Cuba is known for three excellent products that can arouse national pride. Women's baseball is one of those. They have training diamonds scattered around the country. From the age of 6 years old on, girls can join a community program, practice, and compete with other Cuban girls. The coaches are former national players who are paid with extra food. August is the time when the newest national team is selected. I listened to the enticements: glory for Cuba; national parades of congratulations; exotic food (hot dogs) from other places; and seeing the world. They didn't have to mention that if you don't come back from a trip off island, your family will be executed." 
"A spot on the national team is highly sought after. Competition for the team is very demanding. Their team is very good. We saw them play in the pro league. No US based team could handle them. They are essentially drawing from an entire country; our pros are drawing from a collection of university players that don't mind being poor for a couple of years." 
"I also watched their tryouts. A bat of the type that we're looking for is common. I asked Ruth about the bat. It's called a fungo bat. It's longer and lighter than ordinary bats. To use it, a coach will toss a ball into the air with one hand and knock out grounders or fly balls to the players to catch. Normally, they don't come with a screw off handle and a hollow interior. Fungo bats would be part of the equipment taken to tournaments. Karita is going to tell you about Cuba's two other famous products."
"Cuba was famous for decades for their Cubans, which are thick cigars made out of rolled tobacco leaves. Their powerful rum is also famous. Tobacco for the cigars is still grown, as is sugar cane. Rum and cigars can only be bought in tourist locations." 
 # # # # # # # #
"That's a very comprehensive report, Karita. Well done, everybody. Now, what did we learn that will help us?"
"We can give up trying to find the hollow bat in Cuba. We'd be wasting our time," Maddy said.
"Cuba has a motive for hurting what is left of the US," Meghan offered. 
"But that started in the 1960s," Paula countered. 
"It doesn't matter. International hatreds last a long time," Meghan replied.
Winnie added what she knew. "William and Melissa found terrorist swimmers in New York who were intent on destroying every building. That hatred came from a hundred years ago." 
"If Hell, through Cuba, is going to attack Earth with a plant-based poison, we'll never find what they're growing without help. Cuba has plants everywhere." Paula added her own bad news.
"Are we still thinking that they smuggled plant seeds out of Cuba?" Cassie asked.
"You can stuff a lot of seeds in a hollow bat," Meghan observed.
"Somewhere near Pittsburgh, somebody has planted those seeds and is growing poison." Karita voiced the bad news that everybody had already concluded.
"Do we know anything now that will help us?"
The silence was depressing.
"We know Cuba is definitely involved somehow," Winnie tried to give them some good news.
"How will that help us?"
"Let me get back to you on that, Cassie."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 18

A week has passed. 
"You came back."
"Yes, I thought I'd give you a second chance."
"A second chance at what?"
"A second chance at not being a jerk."
"How was I a jerk?"
"You asked if I was naked under my bra."
"What's wrong with that? Aren't you naked under your bra?"
"That's not the point. You shouldn't be asking things like that. It was like you were suggesting that I should take my bra off and show you."
"That's exactly what I was suggesting." 
"You thought that I would get naked for you when we had just met?"
"Yuh. Girls do that all the time. You can wink at them and they'll undress and invite you to go into a bedroom with them." 
"And have sex."
"Yuh. In front of cameras. Girls like doing that."
"Watch a lot of porn, do you?"
"I don't watch porn. That's the way it is with girls. You wouldn't know because you're a mermaid. Do mermaids have underwater sex or do you come ashore to do that."
"Do you have enough supplies?"
"I could use some company."
"What are you doing with your eyes?"
"I'm winking. Now, you offer to have sex with me. You'll have to tell me how mermaids have sex. Do those scales come off?"
 # # # # # # # #
"This is a nice surprise," Winnie said. She was in the boardroom and had two video screens going at the same time. All part of becoming knowledgeable about spaceship exteriors. "You've grown taller."
"Yes."
"Does that mean that you'll have to get a longer robe?"
"No. I've always had this robe. It gets bigger on its own."
I thought you were still underwater cutting plastirondiamium sheets into pieces. 
I finished that yesterday. I wanted to talk with you. There's stuff happening that I don't understand. I can't ask my mom. You're as close to a mother as I have here."
"Let's try older sister. I'm still a teenager you know. Sit down. Would you like some hot chocolate?"
"Is that the sweet brown liquid we had after the swimming party?"
"Yup. How's your stirring hand?"
"What?"
"I'll show you how to make it."
 # # # # # # # #
"You know about the robe that I wear when I'm in a humanoid body. All mermaids wear these robes when we are on land; it cuts down on the staring."
"I understand that."
"The robe is always with me somehow and I don't know how that works, but as soon as I go humanoid, it's there but with a difference now."
"What is it doing now?"
"I had to get really close to the magma fissure yesterday to make accurate cuts. I had never been that close before. But yesterday, the robe suddenly appeared and covered me from head to toe in a cocoon. It even gave me long sleeves that I could use to handle the equipment. I've never had that cocoon in the water before."
"A computer sensor in the robe probably kicks in when it senses danger."
"So that would be normal?"
"In my world, it would be. There's probably a scientific explanation for it, as well as for your robe getting longer as you grew up. Did you take science in school?"
"Mermaids aren't allowed go to school."
"How did you learn how to read and write?"
"I didn't. Poseidon said that we didn't need to know how to read and write because we spend our lives underwater."
"But young humanoid kids on Poseidon must know how to read and write."
"They have a thing in their head. Poseidon didn't give us the thing because fish brains are different."
"I know you have a fish tail, but you have a humanoid brain. What he said is wrong."
"Doesn't matter. He doesn't allow us to have it."
"But you understood what you had to do with the underwater research. That was difficult stuff. Did you not read the reports?"
"I pretended to. I watched when Isaac and William showed me what to do. It was simple to understand. There's another thing that I don't understand."
"What?"
 "I used to be able to see when people were telling lies. Mom said that I'd lose that ability when I grew up, but I didn't."
"You can tell when people are telling you a lie. How do you do that?" [Winnie had a big interest in this, as you might guess.]
"I can see face temperatures. If the skin temperature around the nose goes down and the skin temperature around the forehead goes up, that person had just told a lie. It had always worked for me. Now, it's not working and I don't know why. I like having that skill."
"How about you ask me some questions and I'll tell the truth or lie to you. We'll test to see if you still have the skill or not."
"What should I ask you?"
"Ask me what name I have when I'm at home. Nobody here knows that."
"What name do you have at home?"
"Flying Feather."
"Lie. What name do you have at home?"
"Flower Petal."
"Lie. What name do you have at home?"
"Broken Arrow."
"Lie. What name do you have at home?"
"Little Gem."
"True."
"Yes, Little Gem is my aboriginal name. You can still see lies. Your mom was wrong. What made you think that you had lost it?"
"I was talking with PornoGuy and he was becoming real creepy and asking about having sex with me. I asked him if he watched a lot of porn. He said that he didn't. The temperature around his face didn't change. He was telling the truth."
"But we know that he watches a lot of porn. We saw him doing it."
"I know. So how could he lie and get away with it?"
 "I don't know the answer to that, Merly. Let me think about it."
 # # # # # # # #
It's a little later. Hot chocolate deprivation had attacked again and had to be satisfied. Winnie is opening up another conversation with Merly. 
"Having you managing our underwater smelting is a big deal for us. You'll help us clean up the oceans and you'll work with us to develop our space travel. That will help us join the Cosmos and we couldn't do that without you. Would you be willing to stay with us permanently instead of going back to Poseidon? I can help you obtain his permission."
"You won't be able to do that. He's going to sell me to the highest bidder. You can't stop that. If you refuse to send me back by September 30, he'll get the Cosmos to take me home."
"I can get people to do things that they wouldn't normally do. Look at my face. You'll see that I'm telling the truth."
"I know. I've been watching." 
"We would try and make you comfortable living on Earth and in Heaven. You could join my team. We have some magic tricks that you don't know about yet. I held them back from you because you were planning to return to Poseidon."
"There's no point discussing it."
"But look at the alternative. Poseidon is planning to sell you for money. You'll never see your family again. If you are living here, our oceans are big."
"I wouldn't want to live her all by myself."
"We would never ask you to do that. I have members of my family living here. You could have all your family in the oceans, and you could travel between Heaven and Earth whenever you wanted."
"I know something that you don't know."
"Join the crowd."
"What?"
"Lots of people know things that I don't know."
"I know about the gift that Poseidon wants to give you. When I get back home, he'll ask me if you would appreciate this gift. I'll say that you would. It will be a very good gift."
"Care to share?"
"Can you act surprised?"
"OMG, it's a mechanical bucking bronco. I've always wanted one. I can't wait to tell all my friends. I'm going to kiss you."
"Winnie, I'm pretty sure that I'm not gay."
"I was trying to show you that I can act surprised. Did I fool you?"
"Yes. I was scared that you'd slip me the tongue."
"I'm not going to kiss you. I thought you knew about human sex. First base and stuff."
"Cassie told me the truth. She showed me pictures even."
"Ack!"
"Maddy told me that if I ever made you say Ack, I'm supposed to say Got'cha. So, Gotcha."
"Ah, man."
"She said that you'd say that too. Is this a form of humor?"
"It is for Maddy. What's the gift?"
"Poseidon has a complete data base collection of fish DNA. If any species on Poseidon gets low, he just replenishes the species from his DNA database. He is planning to give you a copy of that database."
"We can have fish in our oceans again!"
"Yes. But if you anger him, he won't give you any fish. He'll give you a token gift instead. Are you willing to jeopardize oceans full of fish by inviting me to stay here?"
"I could never let Poseidon do what he wants do to you, Merly. You can't go back there." 
"I'll stay here and join your team. You can't dump all the fish into the ocean at once. It won't work that way. I'll seed your oceans for you. But I don't want to be lonely."
"I hoped you would say that. I have a gift for you. That black sports bra is not a good look for you. This will go better with your hair and scales."
"I like the beads. What are these sparkly things?"
"Tiny diamonds."
"Did you make this?"
"No. I'm not very crafty. Granny made it. She wanted the twins to have a comfortable home." 
# # # # # # # #
"It's called plausible deniability, Guinny." 
"What is?"
"The reason that I won't tell you what I'll be doing in this operation."
"Breaking a Cosmos law, are we?"
"What was that? You're breaking up."
"How bad are we breaking it?"
"You don't want to know. That's why I won't tell you anything. It's for your own good. You worry too much."
"Do I worry too much about Hell?"
"You certainly do."
"Is what you aren't going to tell me worse than sacrificing a maiden on an altar of burning twigs?"
"Wait. That might work. Thanks, Guinny." 
"There has to be an good thing coming at the end of your holiday from Heaven."
"Usually there is."
"How good could it be?"
"Game changing."
"Risk?"
"Worth it. I wouldn't do it otherwise."
"How many other angels could be implicated?"
"Just a few. Are you tired of playing Twenty Questions? I know I am."
"Not yet. Does what you're doing have anything to do with William being here in Heaven and creating a new kind of metal?"
"William? What William? William Tell?"
"That's at risk?"
"A little."
"A little? Are you sure?"
"OK, a lot. Did you know that Merly is able to tell when people lie to her."
"Does she do what she's told? If so, can I trade you for her?"
"Too late."
"Do you know what you're going to do about the baseball bat smuggling?"
"Not a clue."
"What about the devil living all by himself on a deserted island."
"Not a clue. An interesting conundrum arose today. I'm going to look into it."
"Will you be entering Hell on your holiday?"
"I don't see a way to avoid that. Hell will hurt us if I don't."
"Thanks for the report."
"Maddy ACKed me again."
"I know. I like that girl. Don't sacrifice her on the pyre of burning twigs."
"Killjoy!"
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

"This is my sister."
"She doesn't look like your sister."
"She has a tail doesn't she?"
"Her face is different. Different bra too. Is she too goody-goody to take it off?"
"Why don't you ask her yourself?"
"What's your name?"
"You tell me your name first," Winnie required. 
What's in it for me?"
"I'll show you my toenails."
"You have toenails?"
"Of course. Otherwise I couldn't have sex." 
"Where are your toenails?"
"At the end of my toes, Silly."
"Are you going to show me or not?"
"Come to the edge of the water. I'll swim in. I won't let you see them for long. You might go sex crazy otherwise."
...
"I don't see..."
Thunk.
"That must have smarted, Karita."
"I hope so, Merly." 
"Is he hypnotized now?" Merly asked.
"No. He's just very relaxed. I find that an elbow to the temple relaxes creeps quickly." 
"Where do you want him, Winnie?"
"Just pull him up on the beach, Karita. Get him ready for me."
# # # # # # # #
"What do you remember about your life before you went to Hell?"
"I lived in Rapid City with my two younger sisters and my parents. They didn't like it when I had sex with my sisters, so I killed them."
"You killed your parents?"
"Yuh. Rapid City is very small. They didn't have girls my age."
"What happened to your sisters after you killed your parents?"
"They weren't fun anymore. They were crying too much."
"So you killed them too?"
"Yuh. A neighbor heard, burst in and found me. He had an ax."
"So, you died."
"Yuh."
"How old were you?"
"Thirteen."
"Do you remember the sorting station?"
"I don't know what that is."
"How'd you get to Hell?"
"I don't know. Last thing I remember was the ax coming at me. Then, I was in Hell."
"Did somebody offer you a deal?"
"Yuh."
"Who?"
"I don't know his name or what he looked like. It was dark."
"What was the deal?"
 "I could continue to have sex with girls and kill them afterwards and nobody would ever be able to stop me."
"In return?"
"He'd pick out the girls that I could go after. I couldn't go after others on my own."
"Has he kept you busy?"
"Perhaps."
"Don't you know?"
"Hell has no calendars. I have a comfortable room and a direct feed into any porn I want to watch. After watching a lot of porn, I fall asleep. I'm not exactly sure if I'm killing real girls or if I'm dreaming that I'm killing them."
"The baseball girl. Were you dreaming about that?"
"No. I knew she was real. She was important."
"Do you know why?"
"No. I never know why the girls have to die."
"Any idea how many you've killed?"
"No."
"But, all of them are young."
"Yuh. Under 16."
"Why that age?"
"Cause Heaven gets all upset. Making Heaven go bonkers is a good thing."
"What was your name in Rapid City?"
"The kids called me Stupid." 
"Did you know that having sex with your sisters and killing them was wrong?"
"Yuh. I didn't care. I'd just go into my stupid act. Nothing bad ever happened to me. Except for the ax."
"What was your stupid act?"
"I'd play dumb, like I hadn't understood what I had done when I was peeping through windows. I didn't have much to do in Rapid City."
"Do you know that killing for Hell is wrong?"
"Yuh."
"That doesn't seem to bother you."
"It doesn't."
"Why not?"
"My boss says that all I have to do if I'm caught is go into my stupid act."
"Do you remember that you were told to tell the truth when I started asking you questions?"
"Yuh."
"For this question, I want you to lie. Can you do that?"
"Sure."
"Here's the question. What did they call you in Rapid City?"
"Henry." 
"Don't go away. I'll be right back."
....
Winnie gestured Merly and Karita into a tight circle away from PornoGuy. "Karita, Merly can see lies. Merly, what did you see on PornoGuy's face?"
 "He lied."
"That's good, but his stupid act might fool others. I have more questions to ask." 
"He's still receptive," Karita encouraged.
...
"I'm back. You have to tell the truth now."
"OK."
"When you're on Earth, what do they call you?"
"The Kid."
"What does your boss call you when you're in Hell?"
"The Kid." 
"After your operation is over, how do you return to Hell?"
"I go to the local PUS station and go to SinSin-atti."
"In your devil body?"
"Yes."
"Will you show me your devil body?"
"OK."
"One of your scales is loose. I'll take care of that for you. Do you have any difficulty going through border control?"
"No."
"Where do you go after you clear border control?"
"I go to my cave."
"Tell me how you would get there."
"I'll have to draw a map."
"Use the sand." 
...
"What do you do when you're in SinSin-atti?"
"Watch porn and sleep."
"Eat anything?"
"Nah."
"Is anything stopping you from leaving your cave if you wanted to?"
"No."
"You can buy anything you want? Go anywhere you want?"
"Yuh." 
"Do you ever see your boss?"
"No."
"How long might you have to wait before you receive another murder job?"
"It could be weeks."
"How does your boss give you your next assignment? You said that you've never seen him."
"He sends me a UPS parcel with a picture, name, and address inside."
"Do you always kill with a gun or rifle?"
"Yes."
"How do you get the rifle or gun when they aren't allowed in Hell?"
"From apprentice devils in the Earth city where I'm hunting. They usually find a place for me to stay, too. They know that I'm coming and will do anything that I ask. I'm not allowed to use them in the killing though. The UPS package tells me how to find them." 
"They'll give you money, if you need it?"
"Yes."
"Are there other killers like you?"
"I don't know."
"Have you ever been to Cuba?"
"No."
"Do you have any idea why you had to kill the baseball girl? Any hint at all?"
"No."
"Somebody else is going to talk to you now."
# # # # # # # #
"He'll wake up from his hypnotic sleep in the morning. He won't remember any of this."
"Any problem if I have to ask him more questions?"
"No. You heard the password. That's all you'll need." 
"I'll take you back to Heaven, Merly. Karita, thanks. We'll have a meeting tomorrow 9 am in the castle's boardroom. I'm bringing in some senior angels. Merly, you're invited too."
# # # # # # # #
Joe-Joe, Lillian, Keely, and Galahad: We have a serious problem. My team will be meeting tomorrow morning at 9 am in the castle's boardroom. Please attend if at all possible.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 20

"Everybody, this is Merly. For those of you who may not know about her yet, Merly is the daughter of Poseidon, the god of Poseidon the planet. She has been helping us with the problems we have with our oceans. She has agreed to relocate from Poseidon to Heaven/Earth permanently. Her knowledge of oceans will help us immeasurably."
"Merly, I won't overwhelm you with new names. These are senior angels and I've asked them to attend for reasons that will become clear soon."
"In an operation to protect a young mortal friend of Maddy, we discovered that somebody was trying to murder her. She is 14-years old and is clearly protected by the Heaven/Hell treaty. We were able to capture the murderer before he could strike. He is a devil working under orders of an unknown devil. With Karita's ability to hypnotize the murderer, we heard him admit to having murdered young girls before. There were too many to remember. That's a serious violation of the Heaven/Hell treaty." 
"In our efforts to protect Maddy's friend, we were able to determine that somebody in Hell had arranged for some biological seeds to be smuggled from Cuba to Pittsburgh. We do not know what kind of peril those seeds will bring to Earth. We are trying to find them. Given the gross violation of our treaty already, we believe they will be lethal. We are reasonably certain that the murder of the young girl and these biological weapons are connected. We are near certain that Cuba is involved." 
"We have an immediate task: Prevent those seeds from being used on Earth. To do that, we need to identify everybody involved in the plot from the devil planning the attack down to the devils or mortals participating in the plot. We'll identify the devil in charge as BossDevil until we know his real name. Members of my team believe that BossDevil is one of the four remaining inner pentagram devils. We also believe that he is operating under Satan's nose and without his blessing. I'll take questions about the evidence now."
...
"Keely?"
"You'll need to know this. The names of the four remaining inner pentagram devils are Belphegor, Berith, Leviathan, and Mammon. I don't know where they're stationed."
...
"Lillian." 
"Two things. First, welcome to Heaven, Merly. We are so glad that you have agreed to become one of us. Second. Winnie, do you have a plan?"
"I do."
"Why don't we skip forward to that? The evidence is compelling."
# # # # # # # #
"The plan is fluid. I will give out initial assignments, but how the plan will unfold will depend on what we can discover. Lillian, Joe-Joe and Keely: As senior angels you should be aware that this plan will push the limits of what we are allowed to do under the Heaven/Hell treaty. We have no choice on this due to the nature of the threat. We should still be able to use Harry if the investigation is successful." 
"That's understood, Winnie." Lillian assured. "I will keep Guinny in the loop on an unofficial basis. We have no guardian angels or shoulder angels in Cuba. This is a dead zone for us. It has been for many years. The government controls everything."
"We'll be operating in Hell a lot. Keely, can you go back in under cover?"
"Yes. I have a different devil body that I can use."
"Would you please collect all the information you can on each of the four inner pentagram devils. Once we can determine the identity of BossDevil, you'll set up surveillance on him. Once we have a name, I can hack into their computers and may be able to identify others in his crew. I have a DNA scale from the murderer. That may help. Let me know." 
"Meghan. Have you seen enough of PornoGuy's devil body to impersonate him?"
"Yes."
"Let Hell see him returning to his cave after a successful murder. I have directions on how to get there. Note that BossDevil knows when PornoGuy returns from an operation, so he has surveillance on the cave. Put in some of our drones so that we'll see BossDevil if he comes by personally to debrief him or to give him another assignment. When you're done, check with your sources to see if they know anything. After that, help Keely." 
 "Paula and Cassie: you're there to enable communications back to Heaven and to help Keely."
"Shields and Galahad: I have another operation on the go and that revolves around our efforts to have Merly and her family stay with us permanently. The two operations may coincide. If so, we will need to employ Heaven.1 and Heaven.2 when the operation shifts to Poseidon. Be prepared for that. No other crew can be involved."
"Is it the lifeboat of Heaven.1 that you'll need, Winnie? We can transfer that over to the freighter. That way Galahad and I can spell each other off."
"Good idea. Do that. The freighter may need to have as many salt water swimming pools as you can fit in. Work with Merly on what she needs. Perhaps one giant pool. Any preference Merly?"
"I'll need to see the freighter."
"Shields and Maddy: While we have angels in Hell, we'll need you to ensure they are as safe as possible. Keely, involve them in your research as you see fit."
"Karita: You and I are going to do a little timely research. After we install the drone, I want you to look closely at any devil that arrives in Havana's PUS station. Get a picture and perhaps a name. If possible, we want to know what he is doing in Havana and who he is meeting. If possible, track him back to Hell. Keep Keely aware if you have to do that." 
"Merly: Keep an eye on PornoGuy but don't show yourself. Use this time to select potential homes for your family in our oceans. I will include them in the operation to bring you to Heaven. At some point, you and I will be working closely together. I can't say when right now. Joe-Joe, Merly is not connected to our internal communications network. Can you give her access without requiring any visible changes to her body?"
"I can. Merly, come with me after the meeting. Would you mind if I examined the robe you're wearing. It's very interesting."
"You can't. I don't have any clothes on under this robe."
"Rumors abound that the mermaid civilization pre-dated the Greek gods era. If so, the mermaids came from an entirely different origin. If that robe is what I think it is, you may be blessed with a gift from an ancient civilization." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 21

The next day.
Winnie, can you hear me?
I can, Merly. Where are you?
I'm heading to Earth to look at PornoGuy. Joe-Joe gave me your quiet talk communications system, plus I'm now enlisted in Heaven's military as an honorary angel in charge of ocean security. That means that I can use any military portal.
Good. 
Joe-Joe also gave me copies of some records about mermaids from your library. Did you know that Earth's archaeologists found accounts of a male fish-god from over five thousand years ago? Also, a mermaid legend appeared over three thousand years ago in Syria. One of Earth's famous explorers saw mermaids when he was sailing to America. 
Who was the explorer?
Some guy named Christopher Columbus. [Narrator: I'm not making any of this up.] Mermaids were popular with the sailors as they thought we would protect them and find a safe way back to land for them. We weren't wusses though. If we were threatened, we could sing to sailors and drag them into the depths of the water with our hair. Or we could smash their boats with storms.
This suggests that you could do that. 
I wouldn't know how. 
It must come naturally. Try singing to PornoGuy. See if he responds.
I don't know any songs. What should I sing?
You don't want to ask me anything about singing.
Maddy wants to try being a mermaid. We're going for a swim. I'll ask her. 
[That should be interesting.]
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie, since PornoGuy receives his instructions via UPS, Keely decided to check UPS for information on the inner pentagram devils. She pretended she wanted to send them packages and asked for costs. All four of them live in SinSin-atti and we have the addresses of their business complexes. Keely said we must not go into those complexes. 
 Thanks, Cassie.
 # # # # # # # #
"Jacob, you've told me that you can design a secret weapon that can destroy space ships without detection."
"Yes, Galahad, but I can only attach it to parked spaceships so far. It would activate itself when the ships were in flight. The device would be destroyed when the ship destroyed itself."
"Tell me about it."
"I'll build a model. It's hard to describe. I'll need a few days. Say, I haven't seen Cassie around lately. Has she been on assignment?"
"You'll have to talk to her about that, Jacob."
"She's not answering my calls."
"Work on your model. I want to see it soon."
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie, I met with Harry in his swimming pool. We talked about a lot of things. He now knows that something is up but not what. He had already given us the green light to enter Hell and reminded me of that. Would Merly like a swimming partner? I've never been a mermaid before.
I'm sure she would enjoy that, Lillian. She's swimming with Maddy right now. She's planning to ask Maddy what song she should sing if she wanted to be a seductive temptress.
Oh my. 
Better Maddy singing than me singing.
True. Guinny knows what she needs to know.
Thanks. Was she perturbed?
Not that I could tell. She wasn't too interested in talking. She wanted to listen in on Maddy and Merly.
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie, Meghan wanted me to tell you that she's now impersonating PornoGuy in Hell. His cave is a garbage dump by the way. 
What kind of surveillance did Hell have on him, Paula?
Nothing exotic. The usual spy cams that the SSS put on the sewers. Meghan put your camera inside the cave. PornoGuy plans to be in and out of his cave a lot.
Why won't he be watching porn? 
His connection into Hell's porn feed was broken somehow. He has found the pleasure of cannonballing into a lake of green bean soup instead. The crumpets are doing a brisk business, by the way.
Thanks, Paula.
 # # # # # # # #
My song got PornoGuy wading into the surf, Winnie. I had to stop singing or he could have drowned. 
Wow. 
My hair started turning into ropes. 
Remind me to never be around you when you sing. What song did Maddy teach you?
It was a song that Earth's agricultural workers sang when they had to work as slaves in the fields. 
Huh. I wonder what it was.
She didn't tell me the title. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 22

"It will be interesting to see how much devil traffic comes through Havana," Winnie said. "We'll follow the devils to see who they're meeting. That should give us the local devil who is in charge of their operation. Then, we'll follow him." 
"How far back are we going?" Karita was at the other end of that exchange. They were flying over Cuba in current time looking for an isolated area where they wouldn't be seen coming and going. Yes, they were invisible, but you didn't want to come out of TiTr invisibility in the middle of a family enjoying a picnic. Winnie had picked the southeastern end of the Sierra Maestra, a range of steep mountains. She saw no signs of any inhabitation in the area where they were right now.
"Let's try six months ago. February 28, 2095 at 4 am. Move well away from me." 
"I've entered the date in the time clock."
"Three, two, one, go."
 # # # # # # # #
"This is the Focsa building. It should be deserted at this time of the morning."
"Are all PUS stations located in the bottom of the tallest buildings in capitol cities?"
"Most are. Tall buildings need deep foundations. In this case, I checked with Galahad. He told me how to get down to the platform."
"Does the military know where every PUS station is located?"
"Of course. We'll change to devil bodies now. We're going ten floors straight down."
...
"They'll come off the car in their devil bodies. As they go up the escalator, they'll change into mortal form. We want to record them before they change. Senior devils will have thick horns. Install the drone up there."
"Will we be able to download the data from our location in the mountains?"
"No. We could set up a repeater station but I don't think that will be necessary. We'll come back to this spot invisibly in current time and download the data."
"It will be deserted like it is now."
"Yes. Then, we take the data back to the castle's boardroom and review it."
 # # # # # # # #
 "Thank goodness for fast forward," Karita said. 
"I'm surprised," Winnie admitted. "Only one devil a month. Always the last day of the month and he returns to Hell the next morning."
"Will we be back in Havana on Wednesday?"
"Yup. In the meantime, I'll look through Hell's employee files and find this guy."
"Won't that take a long time?"
"Our scientists developed some facial recognition software. It might take fifteen minutes." 
"Did you hear about Maddy and Merly?"
"What about them?" 
"They sat on a piece of sand in the middle of nowhere in human form. Merly wanted help singing. Maddy taught her a song. They kind of bonded."
"That's good. Merly can use a friend. I'm surprised that it was Maddy though. I thought you would have reached out to her first."
"I was planning to but Maddy will be a better friend. Merly is very athletic. They almost hugged."
"Maddy almost hugged somebody?"
"She was about to but Merly's robe completely covered her, even her face."
"Interesting. The robe did that when Merly got too close to some hot magma."
"It serves as protection?" Karita asked.
"Perhaps. Merly thought that it was there to keep her warm. That's twice now that the robe cocooned her." 
"Why did they almost hug?"
"Merly confessed that she was frightened."
"She'll be sold to the highest bidder when she returns home. Rape awaits her."
"She told Maddy about that, but that's not what frightens her. It makes her mad at Poseidon. She's going to stand up to him."
"What frightens her?"
"Being too stupid to be allowed to stay here. Everybody here can read and write and she can't. Messing up and making you unhappy is a big thing too. She thinks of you as a mother and desperately wants to please you."
"She mentioned that she didn't have a mom here."
"She doesn't have a mom at home either. Not a real one. Her mother never told her what would happen with puberty and Merly doesn't understand why she did that. Her mother talks all the time about how she hates Poseidon. Merly thinks that she hates her too."
"Why?"
"Merly thinks that her presence reminds her mom about the rapes. There were lots of them. Her mom hardly has anything to do with her when she's in the nest. On land, Poseidon just looks at her chest to see if she's old enough to sell yet. Her uncle is nice, but Merly knows that he's working for Poseidon." 
 "That girl needs love. A lot of love."
"She needs it from you, Winnie."
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday, August 31.
"Did you find the guy in the files, Winnie?"
"No, but lots of data are missing in that file. You and Paula will have to follow him to Hell and determine where he's working after he's finished here. Keely already knows that the two of you are coming. She's on his head and he's coming up the escalator now."
 # # # # # # # #
Night in Cuba. Paula is messaging Winnie. 
Winnie, it's pretty obvious what's happening here. He'll be busy for a while. I don't need to watch this. I know what sex is. 
Let's debrief. I'm curious what you heard. Karita and I will be on the beach by the paddleboards.
...
Winnie: So now we know that all of the ministries of the Cuban government meet the last day of the month. They're scheduled so that the guy can be in every meeting. 
Karita: He took some notes. Did you get them?
Paula: I did. He wrote down: "More medicine for the doctors; parts for the wind and solar generator; animals for protein." 
Winnie: I saw lots of private talking between meetings. Was there anything that will help us?
Paula: Only if they were using secret coded words. All I heard were gripes about everything and anything that is ailing Cuba. I heard nothing directly about plants that have seeds.
Winnie: Any private messages during lunch?
Paula: None
Winnie: What about the banquet in his honor?
Paula: None
Karita: Did you see how meager those meals were? The Cuban government is not living a rich life.
Winnie: What has he been saying with the tour guides, Paula?
Paula: Typical bedroom talk between prostitute and john.
Karita: You gotta admit, he has staying power. He's been entertaining guests for hours. Is this against the Hell/Heaven treaty? 
Winnie: Definitely. No devil can have sex with a mortal woman.
Paula: Only two women are in the line up outside his door now.
Karita: It's almost dawn. 
Paula: I'll wait for him to come out before I sit on his head. I don't want to sit anywhere else until he's been through a copter wash. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie: To all team: Our efforts to find devilian traffic into Havana uncovered a devil who is based in Belphegor's business complex. We didn't find any active communication links from Havana to off island, but that's not surprising because they had no reason to communicate right now. Belphegor's emissary met with the entire Cuban government over the course of the day. Hell's link could be to any one of them. The link could also be one of Cuban's very friendly travel guides. 
 Since we have tied Belphegor to Cuba, we may safely conclude now that Belphegor is PornoGuy's devil boss. Meghan, you'll have to remain in Hell for the time being to pretend to be PornoGuy. Everybody else can come home.
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie: To all team: PornoGuy's DNA chip revealed that he can make unlimited draws on his Bank of Hell account. That account is under the devil name D'kyd. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie: To all team: I have searched the hornocratic personnel records for anything that contains the words, Belphegor, Berith, Leviathan, or Mammon without success. That means that, for hornocratic purposes, these devils don't exist and nobody works for them. 
Lillian: To all team: This absence of records supports what Heaven has believed for some time. Inner pentagram devils operate in their own fiefdoms without restraints or supervision. They can do anything they want so long as Harry doesn't complain to Satan. They fund their operations with their own wealth but that wealth will be held within the Bank of Hell. The power of these devils approaches that of Satan.
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 23

 Next day.
"Merly, I need to test which fish body I should be when I visit Poseidon with you. Could you help me?"
"Sure Winnie. What do you want me to do?"
"Take me swimming. Show me the place where you made the sheets of plastirondiamium."
 # # # # # # # #
We're over it now. It's very deep. 
I'll try the dolphin. Take me to the bottom. How will I know if it's too deep?
You won't be able to breathe. Come up slowly.
...
I didn't have any trouble. Now, my mermaid body.
You look exactly like me.
I copied you. I didn't know what else to do.
...
I didn't have any trouble. I was wondering if your mermaid body is special in some way because of Poseidon being your father. I guess it wasn't. 
All mermaids can handle deep water. We use it to hide in.
Let's visit the magma site.
...
This is a dangerous place, Winnie. We shouldn't approach any further. 
What will my dolphin body do?
It'll veer off before its skin is damaged. Don't force it to go where it doesn't want to go.
...
I see what you mean. It was like my human body was in front of a burning building. I didn't want to get closer. What should I expect with my mermaid body. 
 My robe protects me, but you don't have a robe, so you'll know not to approach it. Human skin burns easily.
... 
You were right.
You said other mermaids had robes, so they probably wouldn't have any difficulty getting close.
I guess.
Do you have places in your oceans where magma is in a canyon like this?
Yes.
We should test a cloak on another mermaid to see if hers protects her.
Why would we do that?
It's called a science experiment. I'm trying to find out more about your robe. Joe-Joe thinks it's very special. Would you approach the magma here? I'll stay far enough away not to burn my skin.
....
That was amazing. And now the robe is disappearing. What do you think would happen if a family member approached some magma?
Her robe would protect her. 
In science, that's called a prediction. I'm predicting that her robe won't appear. We'll see who's right when we are in Poseidon. 
I'm learning science?
Yes. Wanna learn some more?
OK. 
Let's go up to a more normal depth.
 # # # # # # # #
Can mermaids lie, Merly?
Yes.
Do they do it often?
I don't know about others, but I don't ever lie. 
You said that you had the ability to see lies. When you were in the nest, did you ever see an adult mermaid lie?
Yes.
What was the lie about?
I was quite young. The adults were going to have a meeting and I wanted to be there because everybody was looking serious and angry. My mom said the meeting wasn't important. She lied.
Did you say anything to her?
Yes, after the meeting. I told her that I could see face temperatures and knew when mermaids were lying. I said that I saw her face telling a lie.
What did she say?
She said that the ability to read lies quickly disappears and I shouldn't count on it being accurate. The ides that mermaids could see lies was simply a story that parents told little mermaids to keep them behaving. 
I saw her face. She was lying again.
She told me that accusing adults of lying was bad. Accusing my own mother of lying after all she had done for me was very bad. I was a big disappointment to her and I should never accuse her of anything again. She had sacrificed a lot for me. I was being ungrateful. I should never try to read her face again.
That's exactly what she said, isn't it?
Yes. I still remember it. 
 Is that all she did to you?
She didn't speak to me again on that visit. I tried to apologize several times but she wouldn't let me come near her.
Do you try to read her face now that you are older?
No. I keep my head down so that she won't punish me again. 
[You have a father that is planning to sell you and a mother that is trying to stop you from reading her lies. No wonder why you need love so badly.]
 Let's try something fun. An experiment. I want to see if I can read lies. Who knows? Perhaps I can. Let's go up to the surface. 
...
 I want you to lie when I ask you a simple question. Got it?
Yes
I'll try my mermaid body first. Is your name Merly?
No.
Huh, Let me try my mortal body. Is your name Merly?
No.
[Good. I can read mermaid lies in both of my bodies.] 
 Did it work, Winnie. Did you read my lies?
Race you to the bottom. 
Did you read my lies? 
No. I couldn't. I thought you could swim faster than that. You're way behind me.
Not for long.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 24 

The next day. 
"Merly, I'll have to take you back to your planet in two weeks. When I do, I may have to argue with Poseidon about you living on Earth. I want to bring all the mermaids back with me also. I'd like to see your planet ahead of time. It will help me if I can see where and how you live." 
"I'll need a salt water tank. The trip will take a couple of days each way."
"I can get us there faster, but first I need to know if you can keep a secret."
"I can."
"When you're living here on Earth and Heaven, you and I will be like family. I won't let anybody like Poseidon hurt you. You also won't let anybody hurt me. We're like sisters. We even have twin mermaid bodies. If you reveal my secrets, you will hurt me badly."
"I'll keep your secrets."
"We're going to portal up to Heaven's space port and then I'll take you to Poseidon. I have a personal ship but it has room for only one person. We'll have to use our humanoid bodies and you'll have to sit on my lap."
"Will we go to first base?"
"No. It's not anything like that at all."
"If you touch my butt, we'll be on third base."
"It's not baseball at all."
"I joked you." 
"That was a good one."
 # # # # # # # #
"We're here already?"
"That's your planet in front of us. I want to land in one of your oceans but not anywhere that we might be seen. Say down when you want me to land." 
...
"Down." 
"We'll leave the ship now. Change to your mermaid body as the water comes through the open port. I'll be in my mermaid body too, but I have to wear a bra."
"Why?"
"Because a mermaid body doesn't have pockets."
"I don't understand."
"You will."
...
This isn't Poseidon.
Yes, it is. You saw it from space.
I wouldn't know what the planet looked like from space. I do know our oceans. This is not one of our oceans.
Yes, it is.
Are you pranking me?
No. Ask me again and look at my face.
Are you pranking me?
No, I'm not.
You're not lying, but this ocean is all wrong. 
What wrong with it?
It's full of colors. Our oceans don't have colors like this.
We'll have to do a scientific experiment. 
I'll learn more science?
Definitely. I will too. When I look at this ocean, I don't see any colors. You're the only one seeing colors. 
 Were my eyes hurt when we traveled so fast?
No. If they had, my eyes would have been hurt too. Let's swim down to the ocean bed.
...
The colors are changing.
Keep going down.
...
Why are you stopping, Merly?
We're close to the bottom now. Never land on the bottom of an ocean unless it has been searched first. There could be a mermaid trap.
Really? Here?
We're taught this as children. 
What's happening with the colors?
I see dark blue everywhere.
And what were they where we were before?
Lighter colors. Plus coloured ribbons. 
What kind of differences would a mermaid find between waters at the bottom of the ocean and water at the top?
Changes in pressure and temperature.
What does that tell you?
The colors are signs of those changes. But that not possible. I would have heard that mermaids can see these colors. 
Let's go up to the top. Find a ribbon. Swim in it.
...
It's a warm current. I can feel it. 
When you look at somebody who is lying, how can you tell if she's lying?
The temperature of her face changes. I can see the change in her face colors.
And now you can see color changes in water temperatures. Isn't it the same skill?
But why now and not before?
Before you were a child; now you're a woman.
Puberty did this? 
It changed your body in different ways. This is one of those ways. 
Did you know this would happen?
No.
But you figured it out.
Yes. Just a bit before you did.
Because you know science?
Partly. And partly because I'm always trying to figure things out. Today, I'm trying to figure out how I can catch a devil living inside a fortress that I can't get into.
You were thinking about that while you were figuring out about temperatures?
No. I was concentrating on helping you. That was the only thing in my mind.
And when will you solve your devil problem?
I don't know. Evil people tend to hide behind big walls. They think it makes them safe. 
Do you know a way to get inside?
No. I can't try to do that. It would be way too dangerous for my team. 
So what will you do?
I don't know yet. Wait, I do know! Hey, I just solved it! You helped me solve it!
I did?
You did. Talking with you gave me that idea. I also know how we can convince Poseidon to let you and your family come to Earth. I still have one problem though.
What?
You have a traitor inside your family. I don't know what to do about that.
 # # # # # # # #
Do you understand each of the colors now?
Yes.
That didn't take long.
It was easy. All I had to do was swim in a color to know what it meant.
Will this help you when you bring fish back to Earth?
Definitely. The colors explain everything that's going on in an ocean.
Can you take me to a magma location now? Preferably the one closest to where Poseidon lives.
I know just the one. It will have red streaks inside a dark blue cloud.
That actually makes sense. 
Why did you want to see it?
I'm looking for a weapon in your ocean that you or I could use. I haven't found it yet. 
 # # # # # # # #
Are we going home now?
Yes. You learn very quickly, Merly. Poseidon stopped you from being educated, but he can't stop you from being smart. We'll fix that reading and writing gap after you are living in Heaven for good.
I'm not dumb?
No. Don't let anybody tell you that you are.
Did you hide your ship inside your bra?
Yes.
If you had pockets, you would have hidden it there.
Definitely. Bras aren't made to hide space ships.
Was that a joke?
No. Believe me, it was not a fun experience.
Can I sit in the pilot's chair this time?
If we cuddle together, both of us can sit in the pilot's chair.
What does 'cuddle' mean?
I put my left arm around your left shoulder like this. You put your right arm around my waist like this. Now, we scooch together real tight. This is a cuddle. It feels good. Sisters can do this. You're taller again.
I'm almost as tall as you. Do sisters kiss?
On the cheek maybe. Sisters can hug face to face, or we can cuddle sideways like this. 
What base would that be? 
Family base.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 25 

"Did Merly talk to you about her robe yet?"
"What about her robe, Joe-Joe?"
"She wore it into my workshop so that I could examine it. I wasn't going to ask her to take it off, so I asked Lillian to help and then I left the lab. Merly was happy enough to pull it off because she had been skinny dippy with your guys. The robe had a different idea."
"What's a different idea mean?"
"It wouldn't come off. Lillian got into a tug-of-war with it and the robe cocooned Merly. There's nothing to grab when it's a cocoon." 
"Can she breathe inside it?"
"She can breathe, she can hear, and she can see through the material. When Lillian spilled some water on Merly's head, her head didn't get wet."
"Can she tell it to disappear?"
"If there are instructions that will work, Merly didn't find them." 
"What did work?"
"Lillian backed away. The cocoon disappeared but not the robe."
"The cocoon was an emergency defense. When it wasn't needed it became a piece of clothing."
 "Our thoughts exactly. We decided to see what would happen to the robe if Merly walked into a lake. She remained humanoid until she was in the water up to her waist. At that point, she dove into the water, and turned into a mermaid. It looked like she had no robe, but she did." 
"How did you figure that out?"
"Lillian asked Merly to float on the water and she started touching her scales. When she touched her humanoid skin, she could feel a wired texture. Like a thin fabric with wire embedded in it. She touched the fish part of her again and this time, she felt the wires. Merly was cocooned invisibly."
"Huh."
"Yeah. Me too, huh. I wanted to test the robe to see what armaments it could stop. But, I didn't want to get the robe mad at me."
"Really? Our senior most soldier backed away? Why?"
"My guess? That robe is a full battlefield protection suit that will keep her safe from any weapon we could throw at her. An intelligent computer is embedded somewhere that recognizes danger. If it's battlefield ready, that should mean it has offensive weaponry too. I didn't want to be on the receiving end. I'll try again when Merly knows me better."
"Does she know about the robe now?"
"She knew a bit about it because other mermaids and mermen have robes. She thought it was there to keep her warm. She didn't realize that it would protect her from attack."
"Her reaction?"
"She was quite upset that her mom hadn't told her." 
"The mother may not have known."
 # # # # # # # #
"What's the matter, Karita? You don't look well."
"I messed up, Winnie. Big time."
"No, you didn't. Last time I looked, we were all alive."
"I should have caught it but I was looking at things that were there. I should have been looking for things that weren't there."
 "Confusion reigns supreme in Winnie Land. Start at the beginning."
"I was looking through the tape of PornoGuy's hypnosis."
"Tape?"
"I record a lot of things that I do so that I can review them later. They're personal memories only and only I can access them. They're part of my angelic brain."
"OK. You reviewed some records and you think you missed something that you shouldn't have missed. Carry on."
"These four sentences are meaningful. I'll play them."
Is there anything stopping you from leaving your cave if you wanted to?
No.
You can buy anything you want? Go anywhere you want?
Yuh.
...
"When I was reviewing that exchange, I was focused on the fact that PornoGuy could go anywhere he wanted and could buy anything he wanted. I didn't ask the critical question that wasn't on the tape?" 
"What critical question?"
"Where does he get the money to buy things on Earth?"
"His DNA chip would allow him to buy things in Hell," Winnie was mostly thinking out loud."
"No merchant on Earth would accept a DNA chip. How did he buy the pizzas that he liked so much?" 
"That is a very good question. I missed asking it."
"You have a staff so that they can catch these things. I messed up."
"Alright incompetent staff person, I've been reviewing that same hypnosis and something else has been bugging me. I keep coming back to it and it's only now that I know why. Here's the critical question and answer." 
How does your boss give you your next assignment? You said that you've never seen him.
He sends me a UPS parcel with pictures, name, and address.
"What did I miss, Karita?"
"I don't know."
"Belphegor has operatives on Earth. He would have sent packages to them through UPS as well." 
"I'm drawing a blank."
Winnie explained. "All delivery services keep records that will include when a package was delivered, to whom, and to what address. "
"You can hack into those records to find where all of his operatives are."
"I can. But, and this is a big but, sometimes companies puts things in codes. We have to hope that we can read and understand them."
"I messed up again."
"No, I messed up."
"No, it was me."
"Here's something that we can agree on. It was Guinny's fault."
"Queen Guinevere's fault?" 
"Yeah, you won't believe how many times I've had ..."
Watch how you finish that sentence, Guinevere.
"How many times I've had the pleasure of drinking in her wisdom. She listens to my conversations all the time. My mistakes are more entertaining for her than daytime TV."
Better. Now, how will you find out how PornoGuy bought his pizzas? 
"Elementary, my dear Watson. He has a debit card or the equivalent. We'll have to search his cave."
Remind me Wisdom Drinker, how many days do you have before Poseidon's deadline?
"We should do that now."

 Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 26

Several days have passed. Winnie is meeting with Galahad in a place that is not her boardroom. Both were relaxed enough now to enjoy a catch up on what each has been doing recently. 
"Jacob's secret weapon?" Winnie asked. "Is it any good?"
"It's quite ingenious actually. Do you know that most spaceships are designed in the rocket form?”
"Yes. Narrow tube spitting flame out of its tail pipe as it accelerates away."
"Exactly. Nobody looks at that tail pipe during a maintenance service. The pipe is fire hardened steel. Nothing can go wrong with it."
"Words to die by."
"Jacob designed a casing made of fire hardened steel. The casing is narrower than the ship's tail pipe. He slides it into the tail pipe as far as it can go and then pulls it back a bit, thereby activating four clips that are now holding the casing tightly in place. The clips can't be seen. The casing looks exactly like the usual tail pipe." 
"Except for?"
"A movable flap that can be activated by an electronic signal. If activated, that flap will divert most of the blast from the engine. Instead of the rocket blast coming out at 180 degrees, it will now come out at whatever degree the electronic signal dictates. That will cause the rocket to go off course. When the pilot tries to compensate with the steering mechanism, the rocket will go off course in a different direction. The only way to save the space ship is to shut it down, at which point the flap falls back into place."
"And maintenance won't find it?"
"No. They'll focus on the steering electronics. Then they'll test it and the rocket ship will be fine. But, if that ship were part of an attacking force, that ship would be out of action if not destroyed. As would be every other ship that had been adapted."
"Installation?"
"Right now, that has to be done by hand when the enemy fleet is in its port. Heaven.1's invisible lifeboat will bring Jacob close enough to install the sleeve. It'll take fifteen seconds max per ship."
"Security of ships in their home port?"
"Very lax. They count on planetary sensors to warn them of an approaching ship."
"Hell's ship?"
"Now adjusted."
"Lucifus' ships?"
"Also adjusted. Lucifus has very poor maintenance of their ships. They basically only know enough to drive them." 
"Sounds perfect."
"Almost perfect. He's working on a way to install the casing remotely. He says he needs help from Cassie."
"She's unavailable."
"Got it."
"Did you say that he installed the casing from an invisible life boat?"
"He had William's version of the Klingon cloaking device already figured out. He didn't know how we had done it and was waiting for me to tell him. I told him about the capability, but nothing else."
"Is there any risk for us with him knowing?"
"I don't think so. He's happy that we are showing confidence in him. He says that the system that he's developing to install the casing remotely will have to incorporate a power source that delivers invisible and immeasurable exhaust. If he can do that, it could be the basis for a weapon that conventional sensors can't detect. It would be a game changer. We need to keep him content in his current job."
 "Are you asking me to match-make him and Cassie?"
"No. You shouldn't get involved in personal matters. I simply want you to be aware that Jacob is a critical member of Heaven's space program."
 # # # # # # # #
"Did those UPS records work out for you?" Galahad asked. They had been exercising again and he was now breathing normally.
"Yes. The UPS data were linked to the debit cards that Belphegor had given to his agents. PornoGuy' debit card number led us to the other agents' debit card numbers. The debit card numbers made it possible to track the UPS shipments. That gave us the address of all of Belphegor's agents. I have a member of the team watching each agent now. I've used the debit card number to incriminate them if Belphegor ever looks."
"Who's the agent at the end of the line?"
"A meth-head who is trying to grow peyote cactus hydroponically in the abandoned Steubenville Pottery Company Buildings. Steubenville is about a 30 minute copter ride from Pittsburgh."
"So, the seeds were cactus seeds?"
"We don't know what they were yet. This guy is growing all sorts of stuff in those buildings. Belphegor is going to help us find them."
"Can you insure that the seeds will never be used to attack mortals?"
"These seeds, yes. If necessary, I'll incinerate the buildings. But, that doesn't eliminate the risk of another attempt along the same lines."
"Stop Belphegor and you'll prevent a second attempt."
"Stop an untouchable inner pentagram devil with enormous power and wealth and I'll prevent a second attempt."
"When you say it like that, it becomes more difficult." 
"Yuh."
 # # # # # # # #
Galahad and Winnie are back to conversing.
"How's the Heaven.2 swimming pool coming?"
"Installed and approved by Merly. That thing is heavy when it's full of water."
"Any problems?"
"We do have issues with passenger space. The swimming pool takes up all the interior space. We have room for a pilot and a copilot."
"My team can join the swim fest in the pool."
"When Merly tested the pool, she changed to her mortal body. I wasn't expecting that. I did notice that she swims without any mortal clothes on."
"You have wonderful powers of observation, peeper."
"I've also deduced that your entire team is female, and knowing the nature of your team, it is highly likely that there won't be any excess clothing in that pool."
"Good powers of deduction too. Where's this going Galahad? Use both of your male brain cells before you speak."
"It is the duty of the pilot to ensure that the ship's safety is not compromised if that pool shifts location."
"Send Shields to check."
"Shields plans to be in the pool. In fact, she was the one who described what I would likely see. I believe she enjoyed that greatly."
"That sounds like Shields." 
"I'm sure I can withstand the temptation to check the ship' safety, but only if I were sexually exhausted at the time."
"I see. That leads me to only one solution. It is something that I must do for the good of the mission before we leave."
"Yes. I thought the same thing."
"We're agreed then?"
"Yes."
"OK. I'll bring my ropes and tie you to the pilot's chair." 
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 27

"This is Belphegor."
"This is Numbers-Don't-Lie at the Bank of Hell. Satan asked me to call you."
"Who are you?"
"My name is Numbers-Don't-Lie and I'm the chief accountant at the bank. I'm sure this is just a mistake."
"What is just a mistake?"
"The reason I have to call you."
"Why did you call me?"
"Because I have to. I asked Satan to speak to you, but he said it was my job."
"What's your job?"
"I'm the chief accountant at the bank. Did I not tell you that?"
"You did. Why did you call me?"
"It's probably just a slip of memory."
"What's a slip of memory?"
"The reason I had to call you."
 "Why did you call me?"
"Because I had to. I thought that I had said that."
"You did. Are you going to tell me why you called?"
"Satan said that you can't kill me."
"Why would I kill you?"
"Because of what I've told you."
"You haven't told me anything yet."
"My name is Numbers-Don't-Lie and I'm the chief accountant at the bank. I thought I had told you that."
"You did."
"Why did you say that I hadn't?"
"You haven't told me why you're calling me."
"This happens to a lot of devils."
"What happens to a lot of devils?"
"The reason I'm calling you."
"Are you serious?"
"My name is not 'serious.' My name is Numbers-Don't-Lie and I'm the chief accountant at the Bank of Hell. I'm sure that I had told you that. Memory lapses can happen to senior devils. It's nothing to be ashamed of."
"What memory lapse?"
"The one you just had. You had forgotten my name. If you could see to this, I'm sure this can all be resolved."
"What do I have to see to? What can be resolved?"
"What I told you about. The memory lapse that you had. Have you forgotten already?"
"You never told me anything!"
"My name is Numbers-Don't-Lie and I'm the chief accountant at the bank. I'm absolutely sure that I had told you that. Did I catch you at a bad time? You were napping perhaps? Having to nap in the middle of the day is nothing to be ashamed of."
"I'm going to kill you."
"Satan said that you can't. I told you that already. Perhaps you should be writing this down. I'll talk slowly to help you do that."
"Where do you work?'
"My name is Numbers-Don't-Lie and I'm the chief accountant at the Bank of Hell. 
"Where precisely do you work?"
"In the office of the Chief Accountant of the Bank of Hell."
"I'm coming right down."
"I can send somebody to accompany you in case you forget where you're going."
# # # # # # # #
"I'M OVERDRAWN?"
"Yes. Numbers don't lie."
"WHY DO YOU KEEP TELLING ME YOUR NAME?"
[Phylyss, call security.] "Sir, this is your bank balance. Could you read that number to me, please."
"It's negative 13,469 tormentts, you idiot."
"Sir, I'm only doing my job." [Phylyss, where's security?]
"How did it get that way?"
"You spent more than you had in your account. Some senior devils do this. It's nothing to be ashamed of. [Phylyss, where's security?]
"Show me what I've spent in the last month."
....
"What are these figures?"
"They represent what you have purchased in the last month as you asked. Did you forget what you wanted me to do?"
"I don't remember spending all of this."
"I understand, Sir. Perhaps keeping a record of what you spend each day in a little notebook would help you to remember." [Phylyss!!!!]
"What does this number represent?"
"It's the number of your debit card. This letter here tells me that you spent the money on Earth. Perhaps a companion when you travel would be a good idea. I know some devils who could help." [Phylyss!!!!]
"And this figure?"
"Another debit card. You have a lot of debit cards, Sir. Perhaps just one would help you to keep better track?" 
[Security is on its way, Boss]
"Why can so many tormentts be drawn in one month on this card?"
"You made the card Unlimited. Unlimited means that there are no limits to how much can be removed from your account. We try very hard to name the type of accounts our clients have so that they'll understand what they can do and what they can't do, Sir. It's easily fixed, Sir. Simply transfer 13,469 Tormentts from another account into this one."
"Do you see another account in my name?"
"Let me check, Sir. Most of our customers know how many accounts they have. I'm happy to help you find that information."
"I have no other account, Idjut!"
"Ah, is your memory coming back now, Sir?"
"I never lost it."
"Of course not, Sir. When can Satan expect to see a positive balance in this account?"
"I have no other account."
"Well done, Sir. That memory is sticking around."
"What should I do?"
"Don't spend so much. I've also given you some other practical solutions. Would you like me to write them down for you?"
"These figures mean that the person with this numbered debit card purchased something valuable on Earth. Is that right?"
"Yes, Sir. Debit cards are used to buy valuable items."
"Don't speak to me like that. I'm not stupid."
"Of course not, Sir."
"If I own something valuable, I can sell it and use that money to erase the debt."
"Well done, Sir."
"I'll be back tomorrow."
I wouldn't bet on that, Belphegor. 
"Phylyss, what happened to Security?"
"The sewer in front of the building is jammed up. Four car crash."
Well done, everybody. Relocate to your stations now.
Winnie, how did you turn this guy into such a jerk?
He's a banker. They're all jerks. In this case, I made sure he thought the Belphegor was senile. He'll be calling Satan in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, now.
"Satan, this is Numbers-Don't-Lie at the Bank of Hell."
"I have call display. I know who you are, Idiot."
"Yes, sir. I have some bad news about Belphegor."
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 28

Belphegor's first stop was the devil in his own cave complex who attended Cuba's government meetings every month. He was the one who had suggested that the Women's Baseball team could serve as distractors while dangerous seeds were smuggled into the former United States. He was also the one, you'll remember, who had lots of sex with lots of mortal women. 
Belphegor arrived in his office still smarting from the meeting with Numbers-Don't-Lie. As any good prosecutor would do, he set the scene first. 
"What job did I give you?"
"I'm supposed keep an eye on what's happening in Cuba. I was also responsible for passing out the debit cards that you gave me."
"That means that you know everybody in the operation."
"Yes. I personally gave the cards to everybody in the operation and made sure that they knew who would be contacting them. They also knew who they needed to contact and how to do that. I have the list right here."
"Give it to me and report your progress."
"My contact, Pablo, ordered extremely addictive opioids from the local pot dealer who keeps government members supplied with pot. They came in the form of seeds. Pablo is the security man charge of the Cuban women's baseball team and hid the seeds in a hollow baseball bat."
"What were the opioids supposed to do?"
"Addict thousands of mortals to a harmful substance that will spread pain and suffering world wide." 
"What's the name of the opioid maker?"
"Pablo."
"Two Pablos?"
"Father and son."
"What did you buy on your debit card this month?"
"Nothing."
"That's not what the bank statement said."
"Those things can be complicated to understand."
[Narrator: This was not the smartest thing to say to Belphegor right now.] 
"Are you still having sex with Havana women?"
"Yeah."
"You understand that this is against the Heaven/Hell treaty."
"Yes. Why?"
"You jeopardized my operation so that you could have outlawed sex."
[Narrator: While the concept of addicting thousands of mortal was indeed Belphegor's idea, how that would be accomplished was delegated to Sexual Marathon Man who had managed to put together the actual plan.]
"Has anybody been addicted yet?"
"It's a little early for that."
[Narrator: That was exactly what Pablo the elder had told Sexual-Marathon-Mam when he had asked for an update.] 
"What did you buy on the card? It was a huge amount."
"I didn't buy anything."
"That's not what the bank statement said."
"The bank is wrong."
"Satan's Bank of Hell is wrong? Would you like to explain to Satan that his bank makes mistakes? Last chance. What did you buy on the debit card?"
"I didn't buy anything."
Belphegor did a little shuffle that looked like a drunken Irish jig. "Time Stamp: Send this devil to the torture pits!" Belphegor didn't even wait for the SSS to arrive.
[Narrator: Sexual-Marathon-Man told the truth when he said that he hadn't bought anything. But he did have illegal sex with mortal women innumerable times, and he did create a plot to addict thousands of mortals to an unnamed opioid that would cause world-wide pain and suffering, so this punishment was deserved.] 
Cassie to team: Belphegor is entering SinSin-atti's PUS station now. 
...
Cassie to team: Belphegor is on his way to Cuba now.
[Narrator: Cassie's assignment was to notify the team of Belphegor's movements as he searched for valuable items that he could sell to erase his negative bank balance. Now that Winnie had lured him out of Hell, Keely, Meghan, and Paula could enter his office without risk of discovery and search it. You may recall that Winnie had been searching for a way to catch a devil living inside a fortress that she couldn't get into. Luring him out of the fortress was the solution.] 
# # # # # # # #
Belphegor was now in Havana in his mortal body and he had found Pablo the Elder. "I'm the guy that paid you to obtain some poisonous opioids. Tell me the truth and you may live." 
Even as a mortal, Belphegor was intimidating. He had dressed his body in the garb of a monk. Think of Friar Tuck with his potbelly and baldpate. Now stretch that image to a monster that was 7 feet tall and about the same dimension sideways. Again, the prosecution set the scene.
"What's your name?"
"Pablo."
"Who grew the seeds and gave them to you?"
"My son."
"What was your job?"
"To smuggle them into the US."
"Did you do that?"
"Yes."
"How?" 
"I'm the security man in charge of Cuba's national women's baseball team. I travel with them and make sure they all come back to their glorious homeland."
"How did you smuggle the seeds?"
"Inside a hollow fungo bat that is hidden inside a bat bag when we travel. Baseball teams carry a lots of bats." 
[Pablo was the one who had thought up the idea of putting seeds inside hollow aluminum tubes. He was quite proud of that.] 
"What did you buy on your debit card this month?"
"Nothing." 
[Narrator: That question triggered a surge of infuriating thoughts coursing through Friar Tuck's brain. ‘He thinks you're a senile old fool.' 'He thinks you're a doddering old geezer that needs to nap every afternoon'. Maddy and Karita were on the job, or more accurately on his head.]
"Are you sure you bought nothing?"
Narrator: Belphegor was having trouble concentrating. Senile old fool..... doddering old geezer.... naps in the afternoon.....treating you just like the bank guy... Alzheimer candidate.... drooling idiot....] 
"I ... swear ... that ... I ... bought ... nothing."
[Narrator: Pablo's intention in speaking slowly was to emphasize his honesty. That didn't work out too well for him. Senile... Treating you like an idiot ... Senile ... Treating you like an idiot.... Senile... Treating you like an idiot. It was like living in an echo chamber.] 
"I'm not a senile old idiot," Belphegor announced and grabbed Pablo's throat. He had to bend over to do that. He then raised Pablo so he could look him in his eyes, closed his hand tight, and squeezed. "You should have confessed," he said. 
[Narrator: This was quite appropriate for a friar to say to a parishioner, but Belphegor surprisingly did not believe in friars or in religion. His advice to his parishioner probably had a non-church like meaning.] 
Belphegor tried to squeeze Pablo's Adam's apple to dust. He added shaking for good measure. 
[Narrator: My readers might wonder if death by Friar-Tuck-Plus was a warranted punishment. Pablo didn't actually distribute any of the opioids derived from the seeds. Yes, he ordered them and sent them on to the next contact. But did the security man in charge of the team deserve to die? The answer is, Yes! In her report on Cuba, you will recall that Paula described the competition to make the national team as very demanding. She wasn't aware of how demanding it was. In his pursuit for the best national team possible, Pablo gave personal tutelage behind closed doors to the best candidates. That's where the demanding part came in. Paula didn't know that. The Sorting Station did. Pablo went straight to Hell when he arrived.] 
Cassie to team: Belphegor is on his way to Tallahassee now.
# # # # # # # #
"I'm the guy that paid you to receive a special aluminum bat and pass it on. Tell me the truth and you may live. What's your name?"
"Tully"
"Who gave you the aluminum bat?"
"Pablo."
"What was in it?"
"Some seeds. I had to open up the bat so that I could pass them on to the next contact. The fungo bat was too noticeable away from the tournament." 
"Who was your contact?"
"Chicago's biggest crime boss." 
"Did you give him the bat?"
"Yes, but he was blown up in an explosion later."
"Did he pass the bat on to the next one on the list?"
"I believe so."
"Did you not check?"
"No. That wasn't my job and I had destroyed the list."
 "What did you buy on your debit card this month?"
"Nothing. I didn't keep the card."
 [Maddy and Karita were warming up their insults but stopped when they heard that.] 
"Why didn't you keep the card?"
"I didn't want it."
"Why not?" 
"One of my team's players had a daughter who had touched the bat and had perhaps looked inside. I notified the crime boss of that. He brought in somebody to kill her and her mother. The girl and her mother were already being harassed by crooked elements inside the Chicago police force that were trying to protect the police officers they had bought. Being killed for touching a bat wasn't right. I argued against it. They didn't deserve that."
Karita to Winnie: We have a situation in Pittsburgh! 
Winnie: Talk to me.
Karita: Belphegor will kill Tully soon. I believe he's innocent.
Winnie: Influence Belphegor the right way. Use your judgment. 
"What did you do with the card?" Belphegor asked.
"I offered to give it to the new crime boss if he would call off the murder. He agreed to take the card."
[He's telling the truth. ... You need to talk to the new crime boss. ... The new crime boss was the one who ran up the expenses. ... Talk to the new crime boss. ... You can always find this guy later. ...]
"How do I find this new crime boss?"
"I don't know. I've been living in Tallahassee. I do know that the gang is known as the Sauerkrauts."
"If you're lying, I'll find you."
"If I had an unlimited debit card, would I be living in this dump?" 
Karita to Winnie: Tully is safe for now. 
Cassie to team: Belphegor is on his way to Pittsburgh now.
# # # # # # # #
Maddy to team: Belphegor has just helped Pittsburgh's war against crime. He has destroyed the Sauerkrauts' mansion and all those who were inside.
Winnie: What happened?
Maddy: Belphegor was using his squeeze and shake move to make sure that the Sauerkraut's boss had told him everything. His goons tried to kill him. He took a bullet before he could get into his scales. After that, he pulled the house down.
Winnie: Meghan, will a bullet in his mortal body affect his devil body?
Meghan: He can always create another mortal body. 
Winnie: Does he know where to go next?
Karita: Yes. Steubenville.
Maddy: Where are you?
Winnie: I'm waiting in Steubenville. Follow him here but be careful. Belphegor has not found any way yet to restore his bank balance. He'll be desperate. 
 Cassie to team: Belphegor is on his way to Steubenville now.
# # # # # # # #
Mescal-Mike was the grower in charge of the hydroponic set up in the abandoned Steubenville Pottery Company Buildings. Belphegor found him twiddling with a drip feed in a huge basement greenhouse. "I'm the guy that paid you to grow some seeds that would be extremely addictive. What's your name?"
"Mescal-Mike. You're the one that was in charge of this whole idea of growing addictive substances?"
"Yes. I have some questions for you. Answer truthfully and I may let you live."
"I have some questions for you first, Tubby. Who gave you glorified pot seeds and told you that they could be made extremely addictive?"
"Pot seeds?"
"And not good pot either. Who was the idiot that decided to smuggle the pot seeds inside an air tight aluminum bat? Was that idiot aware that aluminum becomes hot in sunshine? Was that idiot aware that seeds need air to survive? Those seeds that you sent me arrived as fried pieces of dead organic material. How was I supposed to make roasted pot seeds addictive?" 
"You spent a lot of money from your debit card to do that."
"I haven't spent a cent on that line of credit card. There was nothing I could buy that would turn those seeds into an addictive substance. They're useful only as bird seed."
"Hi there."
Both men looked up at the unexpected appearance of a young woman.
"Mescal-Mike, all of your buildings are wired to explode in one minute. Stick around and you can watch them burn."
Mescal-Mike declined the offer with an impolite word or two of unhappiness and lit out for the next county.
The woman waited for him to disappear before continuing. "You must be Belphegor. My name is Princess Guinevere." The name became attached to an angelic body.
"Show yourself, Belphegor. I bring you a gift in this bag that you could sell profitably to the boys back home. That sale would solve your financial problems, which I am proud to admit that I created." 
Belphegor changed to his devil outfit, not so much for the gift but because he knew that in the confined space of the pottery building, an angel would be easy pickings for an inner pentagram devil. He was especially motivated by her brag. Belphegor lowered his head to put his horns into ideal goring position and charged. 
Winnie rose into the air enough to do an aerial matador twirl. "You must be senile, you doddering old geezer-devil, if you thought that was going to work."
Old Geezer Devil prepared for another charge. 
"Here's your gift." 
Winnie extracted a small disk from the bag, pushed the button on its top, and flipped it in front of Old Geezer Devil's hooves, which hadn't done him any favours on this surface. 
Old Geezer Devil collapsed and assumed the face-on-the-floor position of an unconscious devil. 
"Surprise! It's Heaven's most recent devil stassis charger." 
We have twenty-five seconds before this building explodes, Maddy announced. 
We have plenty of time. I'll take the horns, you two guys grab a hoof.
...
Karita, do you remember thanksgiving dinners where we'd take each end of the turkey wishbone and see who would get the bigger half? Why don't we try that with Belphegor?
Nice idea, Maddy, but I need him in one piece. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 29 

The next day, Winnie was holding a debriefing meeting in her boardroom. All of the team, including the senior angels, were there. Belphegor was sleeping in the guest bedroom upstairs with a devil stassis charger beside him. Everybody had taken the opportunity of looking in on him and saluting him in some fashion or another. 
First on the agenda was a review of what had happened as Belphegor had travelled from Hell to the final destination in Steubenville. My readers all know what happened, so I'll just say the Winnie emphasized that the whole idea of a highly addictive plant was impossible from the start. Hell's operational planning had been a joke. 
"Might another devil take up the challenge?" Lillian asked.
"If there is going to be a challenge, it'll come out of their science labs," Winnie replied. "Belphegor didn't have a clue about addictive materials."
"I have friends in those labs," Meghan reassured. "We'll know everything ahead of time."
 "Maddy and Karita were hitting him hard with suggestions that he was senile and a doddering old fool. I think that might be the case," Winnie speculated. 
"How'd you make his money disappear?" Joe-Joe asked.
"I had been in the Bank of Hell's files in an earlier operation. I knew my way around." [The Champion Kisser, #21]
"Where is it now?" Joe-Joe asked. 
"It's still there, but hidden."
"I'd like to know about the search of Belphegor's cave complex," Lillian prompted.
"Keely will give that report."
 # # # # # # # #
"I had Paula and Meghan on this team. Cassie was sending us regular reports on Belphegor's location on Earth, so we didn't feel any pressure to race through the search. Paula had an interesting find in his computer. Paula?"
"Belphegor had an ancient PC. I found a cheat sheet that somebody had given him that would get him into the computer. The password example was '123456.' That's the password that Belphegor had used. Then, he must have given up. He had no data files, no contact lists, no emails, and no documents. Nothing. I shifted to looking through the filing cabinets with Meghan and Keely."
 "His cave complex had lots of offices, but no staff," Meghan took over. "We had come prepared to search during the night only, but nobody was there to see us. The offices were full of paper-based filing cabinets, all full of file folders. The rooms were organized by millennium with the cabinets showing clearly the century of the folders. We each took an office and started browsing. I took the oldest files, which started with the advent of paper. I found it quite interesting. The operations back then were very crude, but Belphegor had revealed good organizational planning. Keely?"
"I had the files starting from the time when I first arrived. Belphegor had a claw in many different operations, some of which I was spying on. Paula?"
"The most recent files support the idea that Belphegor was in mental decline. Operations were described by concept only. One page, perhaps two of detail. New tortures that he was considering were laughable. One would use marshmallows to suffocate greedy mortals. His Halloween operation would have real devils coming to Earth to scare children. The Cuba operation file consisted of a single piece of paper listing the operatives and what they were supposed to be doing. The handwriting on that list was not even his own. Meghan?"
"We found another much smaller room that was locked. It's best described as a medical room because it had a lot of medical aids. Heating pads, pill bottles, analgesic gel tubes, scale dying paint, for example. It also had a well-used extra long cot. I believe that he knew he was in decline and was trying to look younger. He was afraid of Satan finding out. He would have known that other devils forced into retirement had been terminated. I found a large container of liquid Botox under the sink. Plastic surgeons on Earth used Botox to give aging movie stars a face lift in the 1900s. It made them look younger by tightening up the skin. No more sag. The idea of Botox as a youth restorer took off. Wrinkles were to be hidden."
Paula ended the report. "We found a syringe that had traces of Botox inside. We're pretty sure that Belphegor was self administering Botox. When I saw Belphegor upstairs, I felt his head scales. There was no give in the skin underneath. It was tight and hard. We suspect that he couldn't even smile, or in his case frown. A frozen face was a well known consequence for mortals who had too many plastic surgeries." 
"Hang on," Winnie was the first to speak. 
Everybody hung.
...
"Karita and Merly, come with me. This could take some time. I'll reconvene the meeting when I know the answer."
"To what?" Keely asked but Winnie was gone. Karita and Merly were running to catch up. 
# # # # # # # 
Winnie's first stop was the upstairs bedroom. She had thought that the three of them would be able to manage Belphegor's limp body but all three of the women were not known for being body-builders. Their failed attempt prompted a message to Galahad who was able to lift him onto his shoulder. Winnie had Belphegor's feet and made sure they didn't slide anywhere. Karita did the same with the arms. Merly stayed with them with the devil stassis charger. The castle had a portal, which connected to a main portal, which connected to the portal of an almost deserted island. Immediately after Belphegor's unconscious body hit the sand, so did PornoGuy's. 
His body was lighter and Galahad, Merly and Winnie managed to get him out of sight and secured by the stassis charger. When they returned, Karita had Belphegor in a hypnotic trance. "He's ready to answer questions truthfully," she said.
"Galahad, can you help me to put him in a sitting position against that little dune?"
...
"We're waiting for one more. Merly and Karita, What you'll see and hear is top secret. Don't say anything about this to anybody. I'll brief the senior angels later."
...
"Doppel."
"Ganger. Everybody, this is Justice. She works for the Cosmos. She parked her ship out of sight. Justice, you know Galahad and you've seen Karita as a tracking dog before. This is Merly; she's a mermaid out of Poseidon and is helping us with our oceans. This is a long story and I will brief you about it fully another time. Right now, all you need to know is that she can tell when people are lying to her. The devil on the ground is Belphegor. He's a very important and powerful devil. We've caught him attempting to launch a poisonous attack on humans on Earth. Karita has put him under a hypnotic trance with instructions to answer questions truthfully. He won't remember any of this."
"I'm going to interrogate him. Justice, I'd like you put him under your truth ray. Merly will assess truth as well. I will use my way of telling truths and lies. If either of you hear a lie, tell me mentally. Galahad, please make sure he doesn't try to get up off the ground. Any questions before we begin?" 
 ...
"Wake him up, Karita."
...
"Belphegor, do you remember me?"
"Yes, you're the angel that stole my money."
"Not quite, but close enough. I will ask you some questions. You will answer truthfully. Tell me how you will answer."
"I will answer truthfully."
"Did you try to create some seeds that would grow a highly addictive substance that you hoped would cause havoc on Earth?"
"Yes."
"Did you have a young devil assassin living in Hell and ready to kill underage women on Earth when you told him too?"
"Yes."
"How did you think you were going to get away with that if he were caught?"
"He was underage. He was too dumb to know what he was doing. Any punishment would not be severe."
"Could he lead investigators to you?"
"No. I didn't reveal myself to him."
"Did you know that murdering young girls was a gross violation of the Heaven/Hell treaty?"
 "Yes."
"Why did you do it then?"
"Satan has gone soft. Hell is not the way it used to be. It's not the way it should be. Besides, if he caught me, he wouldn't do anything."
"Were you in the habit of injecting Botox into your face muscles?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"To make me look younger. Satan gets rid of his rivals by retiring them fatally."
"What's your name again?" 
"Belphegor." 
"I will ask you a question. I want you to lie this time. Tell me what you're going to do."
"I will lie."
"Is your name Belinda?"
"Yes."
...
[#ëgügjœ.]
[I've never heard that swear word before, Justice. I assume from the silence of your truth ray that it didn't catch the lie.]
[It didn't.]
[I don't know how to curse. I didn't catch the lie either.]
[I did. I don't look at skin temperatures for my truths].
[Justice and I are going to take a walk. Karita, put him back to sleep.]
# # # # # # # #
"Now we know something about the truth ray that we shouldn't know," Winnie said. 
"We can trust us. The question is: Does Belphegor know the benefit of Botox for people wanting to lie and not get caught?"
"If he knows, he could receive gadzillions of dollars for the information. He could take over Hell. The Cosmos would lose its most important deterrent to piracy and every other crime that the Cosmos would have to cope with."
"We'd never know until it was too late." 
"What if he doesn't know?" Winnie asked. "What would happen to him on the basis of his testimony under hypnosis?"
"What he's done so far are violations of the Heaven/Hell treaty. If I didn't know the risk, I'd turn him over to Satan. His own evidence reveals that Satan was not aware."
"Would Harry do the same?"
"Probably."
"And if one of us put a hand on the scale of justice and leaned on it?"
"The consequences would be more severe, but then, there almost certainly would be an independent investigation because those consequences were not warranted. What he's done is not a Cosmos level crime and I'd have no legitimate reason for what I did if I had to testify. The secret of Botox would quickly become public knowledge. Except this time, I'd be responsible."
"So, we can't do that. What if we don't do anything?"
"You'd be gambling the future of the Cosmos that he doesn't know that he can tell lies with impunity."
"We have to do something."
"Yes."
"Say that he does know, but doesn't realize the magnitude of what he knows." 
"You can't kill a guy for what he knows."
"We agree that he needs to die for the sake of the Cosmos."
"Yes."
"I am not a murderer, Winnie."
"Neither am I."
 "#ëgügjœ."
"Me too. #ëgügjœ."
"It may not be as bad as we think," Justice tried to find something positive. "We might be overreacting."
"It's worse than we think. If Belphegor is not killed properly, he could simply be sent to Heaven' sorting station, which would send him to Hell with his memories intact."
"I don't have a worse curse."
"My mom would threaten to wash my mouth out with soap when I let a good one fly by accident. She didn't know what I said, but she knew it wasn't good."
"My mom made me gargle with salt water. I couldn't gargle, so I swallowed a lot and then threw up. That could bring even more punishment."
"I never thought of you having a mom."
"We all have moms."
"What was she like?"
"What is she like? I'm not all that old, you know."
"So, tell me."
"She can be a little obsessive/compulsive when it comes to cleaning. She taught me to be neat with my clothes and my house. She also taught me to do a job properly."
"She made you gargle with salt water?"
"Terrible taste. That didn't stop me from swearing. It taught me not to swear where she could hear me."
"That's what I did too."
...
"I have an idea Justice, thanks to your mother."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 30

It's Tuesday, September 27, three days before Merly was required to submit her report on Earth's oceans. Right now, she was swimming in a tank of seawater in the hold of the Heaven.2 transport ship, which was on it way to Poseidon, the planet. To be clear, they were also on their way to Poseidon, the god who was planning to marry her off. [Don't you hate it when gods name their planet after themselves?] As you would expect, Merly was in her mermaid body. 
Here's something you're not expecting. Maddy was frolicking in the same pool and in exactly the same mermaid body. She had used Merly's body as a source of inspiration when she created a new body for herself. Winnie was also in the pool in the same Merly body. Three identical mermaids enjoying themselves free of encumbrances like clothes. Imagine that. 
Imagining was something that Galahad would have to do. He was tethered (by a promise to Winnie) not to check out the cargo bay. Shields would perform any safety checks. She was currently doing that by joining the triplets in the pool. She was in a mortal body, sans clothes. The pool was safe from prying eyes. Imagine that.
Two bodies were stashed in the ship's lifeboat, the one that had William's now you see me, now you don't magic. Both were sound asleep thanks to a flat disc that was also in the lifeboat. Belphegor was there in all of his finery, namely his best suit of scales. 
Hell didn't know that he had left the planet. Belphegor kept to himself a lot of the time. He had only one person on his staff, and that person was now in the torture pits. It would be some time before anybody in Hell noticed that Belphegor was missing. 
The devil working in the Bank of Hell, Numbers-Don't-Lie, would have noticed him missing if he had had the time to focus on overdrawn accounts. Right now, he was investigating whether or not somebody had penetrated the Bank of Hell's security system. Satan had felt a disturbance in his version of The Force and had ordered Numbers to investigate. Numbers was an accountant. Satan didn't trust techies because they'd be able to steal his tormentts without him knowing about. Thus, he assigned the devil who knew a lot about spreadsheets to investigate. He wasn't going to find much. You may rightfully question the quality of management that was now in charge of Hell. 
Also sleeping in the lifeboat was a second young devil. What you don't know is why either of these reptiles was on the way to Poseidon, which had no such reptiles. Who would they chum around with? Patience is a virtue.
 # # # # # # # # 
Merly was standing at the lifeboat bay in her humanoid form, her robe hanging loosely round her. The lifeboat airlock opened and Shields, Galahad and an inert Belphegor appeared. Shields was under one armpit and Galahad was under the other. Belphegor's head rolled around as they dragged him into the ship. Both angels were working hard to bring an unconscious huge heavy devil into the ship's command center. (Galahad had the stassis charger in his teeth to ensure that he'd remain unconscious.)
"Stand here," Winnie directed Merly to a position directly in front of their cargo. 
"Have you got him?" she asked Galahad who was trying to keep Belphegor upright with knees and legs that weren't working. Shields was arm-pitting him and trying to kick his left foot underneath his body so that he could stand on it. That helped a little.
"Come a little closer, Merly," Winnie positioned.
She did and the robe cocooned her.
"Great. Can you free up his right arm, Galahad?"
"Unconscious devils don't come with handles. Get on with it."
[If you're wondering what's happening, Winnie was running a scientific experiment that might be somewhat dangerous for the test subject.]
Winnie grabbed the cargo's right arm at the elbow and swung the arm as hard as she could at Merly's covered face. The hand connected with the robe. When it did, Belphegor flew backwards and hit the deck. Shields, Galahad and Winnie also hit the deck but they were able to get up. All three peered at the devil lying on the deck. Merly's robe de-cocooned and she peered too. The smell of freshly burnt reptilian flesh wafted up from the deck. The hand was charred black. 
"Massive electrical shock," Galahad deduced. "Is he alive?"
Winnie knelt down and put her ear on his chest. "Yes."
"The robe has a weapon as Joe-Joe had thought." 
"He's going to lose that hand," Winnie predicted.
"Imagine my husband's surprise when he touches me for the first time," Merly said and smiled. 
Men, you would not want to see that smile.
 # # # # # # # # 
 When she wasn't frolicking in the pool, Winnie was having heart-to-heart talks with Merly. Most of these talks centered on 'the plan' through which Merly and the other mermaids (and mermen) would theoretically relocate to Earth with Poseidon's blessing. Good luck with that. 
Poseidon would not release Merly without a fight. He had been grooming her to be the ideal wife to whomever bid the most for her. Ideally, that person would be on a planet with a limited number of oceans. To be fair to Poseidon, he was not being evil. He was doing what all powerful monarchs/gods did. He was treating women as possessions to be disbursed in the best possible way for the lord and god to prosper both financially as well as politically. What they thought about it was immaterial. 
Winnie was counting on Poseidon to be reasonable when he was balked. She wanted to keep Heaven and Poseidon (the planet and the god) on speaking terms. Again, good luck with that. 
Poseidon was one of the longest serving and most powerful misogynists in Earth's history, given that he had been a Greek God in Earth's early civilizations. He had four wives, after all. He numbered them for simplicity's sake so that he didn't have to remember their names. 
Winnie's message during these heart-to-heart conversations was that Merly had to be strong and she had to project that strength. No bowing to him, for example. She had to challenge his authority at every step. He didn't know this yet, but he couldn't force her to take the husband he wanted her to have. Not with the new body that had electrifying consequences if it were touched in an unfriendly manner. Merly had the power to defy her father. All she had to do was use it.
For Winnie, the problem she faced was that Merly had been a young girl one month ago. In that month, she had entered puberty, was now almost full size, and was on her way to becoming a beautiful mermaid. She had never defied her parents before. Winnie was counting on the fact that she was now a teenager. All teenagers Cosmos-wide are programmed to defy their parents. How else would parents die off before their time? Teenagers are nature's way of limiting population growth to a manageable number.
Speaking of parents in the plural, Winnie had a difficult message to convey about Merly's mother, Summer. You'll recall that good old mom had shunned Merly as punishment, essentially for looking at her face. Merly had been thoroughly conditioned to look down whenever mom was around and not question her. Mom's control over Merly was far stronger than that of Poseidon's. 
"I have to prepare you for some bad new, Merly."
"I thought this trip would be good news."
"Most of it will be. But, I have to talk with you about your mom. You know how I had told you that your mom had treated you badly by telling you that your color reading skills weren't accurate?"
"Yes."
"I believe that she did that so you wouldn't see her other lies. You never looked at her face when you were with her, right?"
"Right."
"Why would she want her daughter to be so frightened of her?"
"I don't know. I think that I made her mad a lot. She was trying to teach me to be respectful."
"Imagine this. You are living with your new husband and you are being respectful of him exactly like your mom taught you to be to her. That means never questioning him, never looking him in the face, and never standing up for yourself. Is that the type of wife you want to be?"
"No."
"But your mom had taught you to be that type of person. What if she were doing that deliberately so that you would be a good wife to a man who was planning to share you with his buddies?"
"She wouldn't do that."
"She already has. The way that she has treated you is exactly the way that Poseidon wants you to be with your husband. Is that a coincidence?"
"She hates Poseidon. She says that he raped her a lot."
"What if that were one of her lies that she didn't want you to see?"
 "She's my mom! Why would she do that to me?"
"That's something that I will try to find out. For now, I don't want you to have anything to do with her. Stay away from her. I will take her aside at an opportune time and talk with her."
"If she lies to me, she'll lie to you."
"If she does, I'll know it. Remember, I have a different way of telling when a person lies than you do."
"You kept that from me."
"You're right. I kept that from you. I've been keeping other things from you too. I'll reveal them when the time is right. The time was right to reveal my truth-telling skills when we had to question Belphegor. You met my friend Justice. Very few people know about Justice. I do trust you, Merly. But I can't tell you all my secrets at once."
"What if she is a traitor? What will you do?"
"First things, first. I'm going to find the truth. If she's a traitor, she can't come to Earth with you. You need to prepare yourself for that. I'll take care of you." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 31

Galahad brought the Heaven.2 close to Poseidon's sensor limits where Merly and Winnie climbed aboard the lifeboat. Maddy's skills wouldn't be needed on this first exploratory excursion. Shields dropped them into the ocean close to the capitol city and returned to the ship. The lifeboat's cargo slept on.
First, they had to find a place where Winnie could have a meeting with Summer, Merly's mom. Winnie wanted to meet with her on the surface so that she could use her angelic body, seeing as how she was representing Heaven. They found a small island that was reasonably close to the capitol.
First, she gave Merly a pep talk. "Just be friendly with the nest. You're seeing friends again. Enjoy. Don't start your speech about moving to Earth until I message you about your mom. If she's not a traitor, we'll join you. If she is a traitor, I'll take her up to the ship so that she won't be able to interfere. I'll join you after that. Tell them the good things about Earth and the challenges. Be natural. Be yourself. Are you ready?"
"I am"
"Let's go meet your family. Introduce me to your mom as soon as you can."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Thank you for meeting with me, Summer. May I call you Summer?"
"Yes. What do I call you? Princess?"
"We're being informal here. We're two moms talking together. Call me Winnie."
"You look very young to be a mom."
"That's because I copied Merly's body when I made myself a mermaid. Let's sit on the beach here. I should change back into my regular body."
...
"Can you fly with those wings?"
"I can." Winnie did a swoop around the island and landed. "Angels are immortal. That's why I look young."
"You said that you had some worries about Merly."
"I do. I hope you don't think I'm interfering, but Merly is going to refuse to let Poseidon give her away in marriage. She's like my teenager. Always challenging the way things should be. Maddy drives me crazy some times. Do you want Merly to refuse to marry?"
"No. I've noticed that she has a streak of rebelliousness. I've tried to cure her of that."
"Well, she still has it. Does she understand the benefits of what Poseidon is doing for her?"
"Yes, certainly. We've talked about that numerous times. Her husband will protect her for life. That's hard to find these days. It's especially hard for mermaids to find. We are not liked here. Poseidon will make sure that her husband has the resources to protect her."
"And in return, she will vow to obey her husband."
"Certainly. He won't be able to protect her if he doesn't know where she is all the time. He won't be able to protect her if she doesn't obey him."
"That seems obvious to me. You said that you had talked with Poseidon about Merly?"
"Yes. We had even talked about that before she was conceived. Poseidon really wanted to have a mermaid princess. He was so eager to mate with me that he promised me that I would be his number one wife. He has to wait on that until he marries Merly off."
"That'll be good for you."
"Yes. Living in a makeshift nest is not right. Mermaids were on this planet first. We should be in charge. We should be living in grand palaces not on a sandy shelf deep in the ocean. Poseidon agrees with me. I will have my own palace with a massive salt-water pool when we marry. I will become Queen of the Mermaids."
"That's something that your husband couldn't give you. Did you leave him?"
"No. Poseidon had to banish him. It was his own fault for not being at the birth of my first child. He was attending one of his stupid meetings with the Independence Committee when I was delivering my first. Poseidon offered to give him a short sentence if I told him what the committee was doing in the future. That was when we started planning for me to give him a daughter. I met him regularly and we mated a lot. He does want the best for all of us. He even had pictures of all of us. He asked me for our names. I was happy to tell him. I also told him about the people who were going to cause trouble for all of us. There's no reason we can't live in harmony." 
[Merly, you can start your meeting.] "Would you like a tour of our space ship? We have a salt water pool you can swim in."
"I should ask Poseidon for permission."
"You'll have time enough for that after your marriage. He won't know that you've left the planet."
 # # # # # # # # 
"And this is the ship's swimming pool."
"It's huge."
"Yes. We didn't want Merly coming home exhausted and weak. I love your robe. Do all mermaids have one of these?"
"Yes. When we're out of the water, we need a covering to keep us warm."
"Do mermaids keep pets?"
"I don't know what a pet is."
"We keep pets. They're cute cuddly animals. We enjoy having them in our lives, but we have to train them to behave. I have my pet in this ship with me. Would you like to see him?"
"What kind of animal is he?"
"He's a dog."
"I don't know what that is." 
"I'll show you. Come, Galahad. Come to Momma."
No. 
"Come, Galahad. Don't make me get my rope."
"Rope?"
"It's for training purposes. He knows how to sit up and roll over. Come Galahad. Is that a good boy? Who's the good boy?"
"He looks kind of big."
"He is. Sit, Galahad. Sit. Galahad, sit."
...
"Galahad! Bad boy. I'm so sorry. Did he scratch your robe?"
"No."
"Bad boy. Go back to your kennel. I'll deal with your later."
You owe me big time. 
How else could we test if she had a robe like Merly's?
And if she had had one of them?
You have lots of dogs in your memory.
"Why don't you hop into the pool, Summer? I have an errand to run. I'll be back."
...
 You can peek at Summer in the pool. I don't mind.
Can I drown her?
Good response. I forgive you.
I didn't realize that I had done something that needed forgiving.
You didn't. I'm forgiving you for something that you haven't done yet.
I get a freebie? Is it like a debit card with no limit?
I may have spoken too quickly. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 32

The mermaids were sitting in a big circle on a bed of sea moss when Winnie swam into view. Merly introduced her as Princess Guinevere of Heaven and invited her to sit beside her. "Some of them have questions that I couldn't answer. I said that you'd do your best."
"Ask."
"Just how bad are your oceans?"
"Very bad. We are removing some of the obvious problems with Merly's help, but we will face big challenges. We expect Poseidon to give us a copy of his DNA database. We'll need mermaids to introduce them into the ocean properly. If any of you have been going through life being bored, this will be great way to liven up your life."
"Will we be safe?"
"For a time, yes. But Earth has males that will be dangerous if they learn about you. We can't do anything about that. The sight of your mermaid body activates hormones that they have difficulty controlling. You know that already. You've dealt with that before. Stay deep. Don't come ashore." 
"Can we have independence from Heaven's control?"
"Yes. We will treat you as equals. I can't talk for Earth's governments."
"When would we have to leave?"
"Tomorrow. We don't expect Poseidon to let you go willingly."
"But, Poseidon's people hate us. Why wouldn't he release us?"
"Poseidon sees you in a different light. I'll tell you about that later. I have a question. Merly, does that DNA database have DNA of mermaids?"
"Yes, of course."
"Folks, are you aware that your community is so small that you are close to making yourself extinct from inbreeding? Since you will be controlling the seeding of our oceans, you will have the ability to expand your nest and avoid inbreeding."
Nobody said anything 
 Did I mess up?
They didn't know anything about inbreeding. Some of them will be doubting what you said. 
"Here's something else for you to consider. Poseidon has banned you from attending school or having brain implants that will allow you to read and write. He could have given you those implants easily. When you arrive in Heaven, you will receive the brain implants that will allow you start becoming educated. We want you to be educated. Apparently, Poseidon did not."
"You were going to tell us something. What was it?"
"I was late to your meeting because I was talking with Summer. I made a recording of our conversation. You can view it if you follow me to the small island where I met with her. 
...
My mom lied to me, didn't she?
She's worse than a liar. You don't have to watch this.
Yes, I do. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Summer told me that she had been repeatedly raped. She lied to me."
"Me too."
"Me too."
"She's passing information about our meetings back to him."
"He's going to make her his queen as a reward."
"Mervin, did you know any of this?"
"No. But, I knew she was unhappy."
"Why did she attach our names to our pictures?"
"I don't know."
"I don't know."
"Folks," Winnie interjected. "Let me explain. Your species is noble. You believe the best in everybody. You just want to be left alone. In my life, I encounter many evil people. They talk like they're your friend, but they aren't. They will literally kill you if you don't protect yourself. I have learned to spot these people. I know why Poseidon has your pictures and your names. I can't prove it, but I know it. I'll tell you what I think. Believe or don't believe it. Merly, do you know what I'm going to say?"
"No."
"Merly explained to you that Poseidon was planning to marry her to somebody rich who would pay him a lot of money in return. For Poseidon, any mermaid daughter that he can conceive will bring him wealth and influence. I believe that Merly was his first attempt. If he can sell Merly, he will mate with another one of you and produce another daughter whether you want to or not. He will pick you from your pictures. You'll have no choice. He is the god of your planet. He will make you produce princesses repeatedly. He won't have any problems selling the daughters you give him. Having sex with a mermaid is a fantasy come true for some people. He's keeping you ignorant so that you won't catch on to what he's doing."
...
"As I said, you are having troubles with your numbers. You will soon find yourself giving birth to children that are badly flawed and cannot reproduce. Summer's first baby was stillborn which should be a warning to you. Stillborn children and mermaids that cannot reproduce are signs that your species is going extinct. Poseidon has the ability to enlarge your population from his DNA bank. He's choosing not to do that." 
...
"Folks, I can't emphasize this enough. Mermaids will be extinct in a generation. You don't have the numbers to reproduce healthy mermaids. Poseidon could save your species but chooses not to. Why would he do that? Well, one reason he won't save you is because his people hate you. Imagine how popular he'll be when he kills all of you off by denying you education and additional mermaids and mermen to add to your colony."
...
"Here's something else you should know. I can't prove that he'll do this. You be the judge. As your species nears extinction, the daughters that he gets from you will become tremendously valuable. He can sell your daughters off as the last of the mermaids and he'll receive bids from across the Cosmos." 
Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 33

Friday September 30: The deadline for Merly to report.
Poseidon held court inside an open-air temple. Massive marble pillars held up the roof. The floor was marble. Poseidon's throne consisted of a solid marble armchair along with marble legs, marble seat and marble armrests. Are you sensing a theme here? At least the view was of the ocean. 
Poseidon was dressed in a non-marble, flowing white gown that would reach the ground when he was standing. Sitting, you could see his sandals. Just above the sandals, a view of his hairy legs was possible. His face was heavily bearded and his hair hung over his ears. Well groomed he was not. For Greek gods, grooming was not important. Hair quantity was. 
The woman sitting next to him was in a similar chair but without armrests. It was also much smaller. When she looked at Poseidon, she had to look up. Does this surprise you? She also was in a flowing gown but she wore a cord that formed a waistline. She also was wearing sandals. She also had hairy legs. Greeks tend to be brunettes. Greek women considered dark hairy legs to be enticing. So did men. Go figure.
A marble table holding Greek delicacies was next to her. Her job was to pass Poseidon any delicacy on that table that he wanted. This was fine when he wanted some grapes, for example. It was not so fine when he wanted some honey. In that case, she dipped her finger in the honey jar (not marble) and then raised her honey-coated finger up to Poseidon who slurped it off. We will now pause so you can finish Eeeew'ing. 
...
If you are thinking that this woman was his wife, you are correct. She was Wife #1. Nobody was allowed to come within knifing distance of Poseidon except for Wife #1 and his bodyguard. 
Greek noble women were also into hair. Gobs and gobs and gobs of it, and I mean that literally. There were no hair salons on Poseidon where a noblewoman's hair could be cut and styled. Their hair was not cut; it was collected and stored in place for life. The best place to store hair was on the top of the head. Hair was kept in place with honey. Honey is not something that spreads easily, hence my reference to gobs and gobs of hair. Honey tends to harden over time. This meant that Greek noblewomen were walking around with concrete on the top of their heads. Their neck muscles were huge. It's no wonder that Poseidon preferred dalliances with normal women who cut their hair. 
Let's set the scene now. Poseidon was on his throne with Wife #1 next to him on his right. Wives #2, #3, and #4 were standing off to the right of Wife #1. Their job was to keep the plate of delicacies filled. They were dressed, and haired, just like Wife #1. 
Poseidon's bodyguard was to the left of the throne but he was standing a little behind him so that he was out of Poseidon's view. He was wearing a luminescent gown that we have seen before. If you're guessing he was Merly's uncle, you'd be right. Merrick was holding a vicious looking weapon called a trident. It was like a spear, but one with three narrow sharp knives on the end. The trident is a thrusting weapon that was invented by Poseidon. It was very effective on Poseidon (the planet) because other weapons such as swords were banned. Short knives had to be allowed because they were needed in the fishing industry. A knife-wielding assassin meeting a long-handled trident-bearing bodyguard with essentially three very pointy and sharp knives on the end would not last long. 
Merly was standing well in front of Poseidon and facing him. She was wearing her luminescent robe. Maddy was standing slightly behind Merly. She was wearing a white robe, in keeping with the theme of white clothes and white furniture. Maddy was in an angelic body that looked remarkably like Winnie's body. Winnie's angelic body was floating invisibly in the air where she could receive messages from Galahad or Shields. From there, she could also send messages to Merly and Maddy. She also was dressed in a white robe so that she could change places with Maddy. Right now, she wanted Maddy close to Merly to reassure her and to protect her if necessary. 
Merly was finishing her report to Poseidon on what she had learned about Earth's oceans. 
"To conclude, Earth's oceans are in difficulty, but Heaven is making great strides in cleaning them up. The gift that you are considering would be a treasure that Earth and Heaven would remember for a very long time."
Poseidon nodded and fingered his beard, perhaps in contemplation or perhaps to find something that was crawling around in there. "Princess Guinevere," he said, looking at Maddy. "Your doctors gave Poseidon a treasure that we will remember for a very long time. You gave us the treasure of being able to live without fights between ourselves. I am happy to offer you a treasure in return. I will give you a DNA database of all of our sea life with which you will be able to seed Earth's oceans. I'll give that to you today."
Maddy stepped forward, bowed her head a smidge, and delivered the speech that she had practiced with Winnie. We'll skip that part. 
...
"On to other matters," Poseidon declared. "Princess Merly, we are happy to see you back at home. Thank you for being our emissary and we will reward you for a job well done. [Poseidon was using the 'royal we' since this was formal event]. We see that you have become a woman while you were away. You will be happy to hear that we will now begin negotiations to find a husband that will protect you for the rest of your life." 
Quiet on the set. Roll cameras. Cue the rebellious daughter. Action. 
"Father, if I need protection, I will find it myself. I will not marry any husband that you find for me." Merly said this while looking Poseidon straight in his eyes. He must have found this disconcerting. No woman was allowed to look at a man when he was talking or when she was talking.
"Daughter, this is unseemly behavior. One does not reject gifts from your lord and master."
"I do reject your gift. I do not consider you as my lord and master. You are my father, nothing more. Now that I am a woman, I will make my own decisions."
"As the god of the entire planet, I order you to cease this immature behavior. You will do as you're told. I will find you a husband as I am entitled to do as your father. You will marry the man I choose. Until then, you will stay in the palace and do what you are told to do." 
[This was a typical parental response to a rebellious teenager. Essentially, she was grounded.]
"I will not live in your palace. I will live where I want to live. You should calm down and think about your behavior. I'll be at these coordinates when you want to talk about this calmly and maturely." [A little roll reversal here?] 
[Stop cameras. All cast, relocate to Studio 2.]
 # # # # # # # # 
Studio 2 was the little island of sand where Winnie had met with Summer. Maddy, Merly and Winnie swam to the island and arrived first. Galahad had already delivered a prop for them, hid it under a sand-covered tarp, and was gone when they arrived. Since Merly had challenged Poseidon in front of witnesses, Winnie figured that he would have to come. And come he did. In a sailboat that was carrying a cargo of anger.
Setting the scene now. Poseidon was standing on an anchored sailboat with all sails furled. Merly was swimming a few meters away from him. A feathered Maddy was flying above the island. Winnie was also flying, but she was invisible. 
Quiet on the set. Roll Cameras. Cue Poseidon.
"You will not talk to me like that again!"
"What will you do about it? The God of Oceans used a sailboat? Why didn't you swim here? Are you scared of being in the ocean?"
"I chose the sailboat so that I could think clearly."
"No. You chose the sailboat because you thought that you'd overpower me and take me back on the boat. You probably have restraints in the cabin."
 [Shields had already reported the presence of ropes, but Merly had accurately predicted his response when Winnie was drawing up her plan.]
"You must learn to obey. This will hurt me more than it hurts you." 
 [Yes, he did say that.]
LOOK OUT! IT'S AWAKE!
[That was Maddy who was warning everybody that the creature that had been sleeping under the tarp had somehow become awake. That probably had something to do with the wand button that Maddy had pushed.]
"What is that creature?" Poseidon asked.
That indeed was a very good question for somebody who had never seen a twelve-foot devil, complete with horns and a burning desire to put those horns into whatever soft and fleshy body was available.
"It's a devil," Maddy the Winnie-bodied angel said from her safe location above the sand. "We found him on our way to your planet and were planning to return him to Hell on our way home. He's very dangerous. His scales are impenetrable. He's extremely strong. His name is Belphegor. Do you have an army, Poseidon? You're going to need it."
"I'll deal with him," Merly reassured. And then, she began to sing. 
[According to Earth's early history, mermaids were able to sing in such a way that their victims (usually sailors) would became hypnotized and forgot to pay attention to where their ship was heading, namely into rocks. In this role, mermaids were considered to be sirens. Much later in earthly life, a wailing siren would announce the imminent arrival of an emergency vehicle. Thus, a siren's song should be considered a warning, as in 'I'm going to git you!'] 
[As you'll recall, Merly had discovered that she could entice PornoGuy almost into the surf with a agricultural labourer's song that Maddy taught her. Let's listen in as Merly attempts to entice Belphegor into the surf.] 
"Old McDonald had a farm."
"E I E I O."
"And on his farm he had a cow." 
"E I E I O."
"With a moo moo here and a moo moo there."
"Here a moo, there a moo, everywhere a moo moo."
"Old McDonald had a farm."
"E I E I O."
As Merly went through the farm animals, Belphegor found the repetitive nature of the song calming while he noticed that the singer's stage costume was enticing, especially the parts that were in danger of being sunburnt because they weren't covered. These were the parts that Merly hadn't had when she had arrived on Earth. I think you get the picture now. 
He walked to the edge of the water. Merly beckoned him further. He didn't notice her hair becoming ropes. He found himself in her arms. That's when he noticed the ropes. Too late. Merly gave him a tour of the ocean depths. Body strength means nothing when you're in water and can't swim or breathe underwater. 
[This was a critical part of Winnie's plan. She had to dispose of Belphegor in such a way that he couldn't tell anybody about his use of Botox. A face-to-face physical battle with an inner pentagram devil was fraught with peril. Could Reese and Kashmira handle such a devil? Could she or Maddy? Even if somebody could kill him, he could end up in the Sorting Station where he would be sent to Hell with his memories intact. The use of Botox to beat the truth ray would become common knowledge soon afterwards].
[Furthermore, the reason that Belphegor was trying to learn how to breathe saltwater had absolutely nothing to do with what he had done on Earth. A citizen of another planet was using an unwelcome intruder into her planet as a way to make a statement to the leader of that planet that she was a force to be treated carefully. The idea for Belphegor's salt water death had been born because of Justice's mention of gargling with salt water and not being able to do that.] 
[Furthermore, Winnie planned to dispose of Belphegor on the far side of the Cosmos. To be absolutely sure that the sorting station would never see him, she gave Merly specific instructions, which she was happy to follow. Merly came to the surface holding a severed head in one hand and tossed it into Poseidon's boat.] 
"What was it that was going to hurt me more than you?" Merly reminded Poseidon of what he had said. Meanwhile, she was washing Belphegor's blood off her body. "I will not marry somebody that you choose. You cannot force me to."
The severed head served as solid evidence that Poseidon couldn't force her to do anything that she didn't want to. At least not when she was swimming in a deep ocean. 
"Let's go back to the palace. Well talk about it some more."
[Stop cameras. All cast, relocate to Studio 1. ]

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 34

Quiet on the set. Roll Cameras. Cue Merly.
"I will not marry. You cannot force me to."
"I can force you. You're too weak to stop me!"
"Shall we put that to a test?" Merly asked. "I challenge you to a physical battle, right here, right now." 
"I could throw you into the ocean from here. But you're a girl. I wouldn't sully my hands with your blood."
 "Are you afraid to face me in battle?"
"No. You'll get your battle, but against him." Poseidon motioned his bodyguard to step forward.
"You want me to battle my own uncle?"
"To the death."
Stop camera! Random event! I need time to change the plan. Merly, turn your back and walk a few steps away. Maddy, join her. Pretend to be talking. 
Winnie, I can't kill my only uncle. What do I do?
I'm thinking...... thinking. Keep conferring....
...
Merly, we don't know if your uncle is a traitor or not. What if he were a traitor?
I can't kill family. 
...
We have to know about your uncle anyway. If he's not a traitor, he should be coming to Earth with the rest of your family. Here's what you're going to do.
...
Got it?
Yes. I still won't fight him.
You won't have to.
 # # # # # # # # 
Quiet on the set. Roll Cameras. Cue Merly.
"I will speak with my uncle first."
"Do that from where you are standing."
"Uncle, are you willing to engage in battle with me?"
"Yes, I am."
"Are you willing to serve Poseidon for the rest of your life?"
"Yes, I am."
"Are you loyal to Poseidon?"
"I have always been loyal to Poseidon."
"Poseidon, since you are using a proxy for this battle, I too will use a proxy who will fight on my behalf. My proxy is Princess Guinevere. She has agreed. She will fight in her humanoid body."
"Are you taking sides in a family matter, Princess Guinevere?"
"No. I'm trying to save both of you."
"You have no weapon."
"I won't need one."
"Let the battle begin. Trident against bare hands."
Maddy, you can't fight in that robe. You'll have to take if off. Do you have clothes on underneath it? 
Yeah. This place is freezing with that wind coming off the water. You?
I'm wearing long woolen underwear. Maybe the women here grow hair to keep warm. Can you take this guy?
That trident is useless. Would you like a short fight?
Yes, please. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Merly stepped away to give Maddy more room. Maddy began to circle around Poseidon's bodyguard.
Shields, are you watching this?
Yeah, I'm on the left side of the room. You got a little wrinkle in the plan, didn't you?
Random events are always a pain. We're back on track now. 
Your gift to Poseidon is ready for delivery.
Why is Maddy only walking around him?
She's looking at his footwork and how he handles the trident. 
And now? 
Faking some charges will show her how he sets his feet and where the trident is pointing when he's under attack.
I know what comes next. Loud scream to freeze him, full speed charge directly at the weapon.
... 
Yeah, that charge brought the trident up and now she's sliding underneath it and pulling it out of his hands. 
 Shiny marble is slippery. 
She used his own weapon to knock his feet out from under him. 
He's down and she has the trident positioned over his neck. She's looking up at Poseidon now. A five second battle.
"It IS a battle to the death, Princess Guinevere." 
"That's not a good idea," Maddy said. She threw the trident into the corner of the room and offered Merrick her hand to pull him up. Go to the nest, she whispered. Merly knows that you lied to all of her questions. She'll meet you there.
"Why is killing my bodyguard not a good idea? He obviously can't do the job. Get out of my sight, merman. I'll deal with you later." 
"I have a gift for you, Poseidon. Merly, don't harm your father while I wait on the patio for it."
Maddy moved out of Poseidon's sight and switched positions with Winnie who murmured a quiet 'Nice job' as Maddy became invisible. I'll remind my readers that Winnie and Maddy were living inside duplicate bodies for this part of the operation. Maddy was leaving now to perform another role because protecting Merly was no longer necessary. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Here comes your gift," Winnie announced. "My ship's pilot is delivering it."
A flying Shields was carrying PornoGuy in a harness that allowed her to keep her hands free while her talons held the gift. One of those hands held a wand. She landed in the patio and PornoGuy slithered involuntarily to the floor. 
"You brought me another devil?" Poseidon looked at the scaly lump lying on his marble floor. "How is that a gift?"
"Your gift is going to show you something. My pilot has the devil under control. She will lift him up so that his feet are not touching the floor. Then, she'll wake him up. He's no danger to you because his feet are in the air. Lift him up and wake him, Shields."
PornoGuy's return to consciousness was obvious. His head jerked up. He looked up at Shields and tried to escape from the harness. When that didn't work, he looked around for something he could use to escape. His eyes found Merly in her luminescent gown. 
She wants you, Maddy mind-messaged him. She has wanted you since she first saw you. She's been dreaming about it. She's naked under that gown. All you have to do is pull the gown off her. She'd like that. She wants you. She has wanted you since she first saw you. She's been dreaming about it. She's naked under that gown. All you have to do is pull the gown off her. She'd like that. 
PornoGuy's exertions had made the harness into a pendulum, so anxious was he to reach Merly. On Winnie's nod, Shields released the harness and PornoGuy fell to the floor. That didn't go as well as they thought it would.
She wants you. Don't make her wait any longer. 
PornoGuy got to his hooves and began scrabbling to find some traction. Cloven hooves do not do well on shiny marble. Finally, he got some traction and careened toward his fantasy. A mind message from another source careened along with him.
This is for all the girls you murdered on Earth. 
That message didn't register. Merly was there in front of him. The gown covered her face and body, but he knew she'd be naked underneath. He pulled her to him in a lover's embrace and grabbed the gown with both hands to rip it off her. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Poseidon, why don't we go outside where we won't be overheard," Winnie suggested. 
"What was that?" Poseidon asked.
"That was an immortal devil with impenetrable scales melting into a pile of goo at your daughter's feet. You might want to clean that up. It'll leave a mark on the marble if you leave it there too long."
"The robe did that?"
"Yes. I told you that I wanted to help you. She's a teenage daughter. I have one of my own. Sometimes, I have to shake my head. Mine won't listen. Maddy knows everything. Maddy doesn't tell me where she's going. Maddy stays out past her curfew. Believe me, I know what you're going through."
"Merly is a handful."
"She'll be more than a handful for you. At least my daughter isn't out to kill me."
"Merly wants to kill me?"
"With a passion. She won't rest until she does. She discovered that she has a robe that can make flesh explode into flame. That's why she challenged you. If you had fought her and touched her robe, you would have become charred goo. Then, she'd declare herself Queen of Poseidon. She's royalty. Who would stand up to her?"
"Now that I know about the robe, I won't let her get near me."
"And if she decides to chase you through the streets of the capitol? All she has to do is run faster than you to kill you. Imagine what your people will think. They'll see you running from a hated mermaid who is chasing you. I wouldn't want to be in your sandals."
...
"Poseidon, your planet has been good to us. I'd like that to continue. If Merly became the queen, that would bring a lot of dissension to your planet. Your people may try to revolt. The economy would suffer. No planet would trade with what was left of your planet. Your legacy would disappear. I'd hate to see that happen. Can Heaven do anything to help?" 
"Do you have something that could defeat the robe?"
"I don't know. We wanted to study it closely, but she was always wearing it. Besides, she was experimenting with it herself."
"Experimenting?"
"Yes. She learned about the defensive part of the robe. She's been trying to find the offensive part."
"Offensive part?"
"The head of our military forces believes that the robe is a full battlefield protection suit from an ancient civilization of mermaids. Such a suit would have weapons as well."
"She's dangerous!"
"She sure is, but she's only a kid. Try being a kind parent. Spend time with her. Show her that you care for her. You wouldn't be able to marry her off, of course, and if she got into one of her moods, she could ashify you. But, what can you expect from a teenager?"
"It sounds like you like her."
"I do. She's good with Maddy and Maddy is friends with her."
"Take her."
"Take her?"
"Yes. I'll pay you to take Merly back with you to Heaven."
 "Heaven doesn't like me to buy and sell people." 
"You can be her mother. I'll pay your expenses."
"My boss would never approve that."
"We'll make it into a trade agreement. You agree to raise her and we will buy some of your goods."
"Huh. I could give her a job in our oceans, I suppose. She knows all about them."
"What trade goods do you have?"
"We have a lot of chocolate in our warehouses."
"We'll buy a freighter full of it every year. What's chocolate?"
"Tasty and sweet candy. Not sticky like honey."
"We'll trade Merly for it."
"We'd have to charge you market prices, otherwise other planets might think we had bought your daughter."
"I'd agree to that."
"I have a thought. All of your mermaid and mermen wear luminescent robes, don't they?"
"Yes."
"You're not worried about them wearing the same robes as Merly, are you? I mean they all look the same."
"They've had those robes for a very long time."
"Who made them?"
"I don't know. They were just always there."
"Somebody made them. If not somebody on Poseidon, then it would have to be members of the ancient civilization of mermaids. Those robes would be the same as Merly's."
"But their robes have never acted like Merly's." 
"Merly found the secret of her robe by accident. Still, it's none of my business. But it is curious."
"What's curious?"
"We arrived a day before our meeting with you. Merly went to visit her family in the nest. When I arrived to check in with her, they suddenly stopped talking. You don't think that she was telling them how to unlock the secret of the robe, do you?"
"I wasn't before. I am now."
"Keep an eye on your oceans. If any fried fish surface, you might want to take precautions. I'll take Merly with me now and we'll leave tonight."
"Take the whole nest!"
"How many would that be?"
"Twenty-three."
"That would be quite a burden. We're not prepared for so many immigrants. We'd need to find them jobs."
"Give them jobs in the oceans. They can seed your oceans."
"I suppose they could, but we'd need to hire supervisors, and then there'd be the training, plus .... Well I don't see it."
"The twenty-three includes Merrick. He's no good as a bodyguard. He could be their supervisor. They'd follow him."
"I suppose. I couldn't take Summer. She and Merly don't get along."
"I'll take care of her."
"I don't know, Poseidon. I want to keep our good relations, but..."
"I'll double the chocolate purchase. One full freighter ever six months."
"Well, I suppose that we could do that. I want to help you. You have been so good to us." 
"The people of Poseidon hate the mermaids. There'll be conflict if they stay."
"It's the people I'm concerned about. Most of them would die when the mermaids attacked. Tell you what. I think this will work. You're giving us a gift of your DNA database. Why don't you include the twenty-three mermaids as part of the gift? That way, my boss will have no problems of how we got them. We'll take care of all of them and I'll help raise Merly."
"And the chocolate?"
"As we discussed, but as an entirely different agreement. You'll buy a full freighter every six months, but since this is a separate deal, I can give you status as a favored planet. I'll give you the lowest possible price, which will change as the rest of the Cosmos learns about chocolate, but you'll always have the lowest price. We're the only planet that has chocolate, you know."
"Two separate agreements make sense."
"Deal?"
"Deal."
"I'll have it written up and we'll formalize it before we leave. Poseidon, I want to give you a personal gift. You've been so good to us with that database. I feel that I owe you, seeing as how I know something that you won't like." 
"What?"
"You didn't hear this from me. Some planet has complained about how your planet treats women. Your Cosmos constitution requires that all your people have to be treated equally. What if somebody from the Cosmos came by and checked? They'd see how your women are under complete control of your men. You could lose your membership in the Cosmos. I would hate to see that happen, so I'll save you from the attack of your mermaids AND I will help you prepare for any Cosmos investigators that might arrive. I know what the investigators will be looking for. I've written some changes that you can make that will allow you to pass their inspection. Implement these changes and you'll pass that inspection."
"That's kind of you."
"We gave Summer a tour of our space ship and she's still there. We'll bring her back here before we leave."
"Summer?"
"Yes. She said something about becoming your #1 wife."
"My #1 wife?"
"Yes, she seemed to be quite certain about that."
"I've never said anything about marrying her."
Lie. "Of course, she is Merly's mother and she does have the same robe as her. It's very likely that Merly received her powers from her mother. She'd probably be quite a nag about your supposed promise. Plus, if I'm reading her right, she'd be the type of mermaid that would call in the Cosmos if she were denied. Or she could just kill you when you were mating with her."
...
"If you're thinking about killing her, I wouldn't. Tomorrow, she's going to be Queen of the Mermaids, there being no other contestants. That puts you in a tough spot. Of course, you have an easy solution. Simply give in to her every demand. How hard could that be?" [You deserve each other.]

Back to the Table of Contents

Books in the Wilizy series

As of June 2021, there were thirty-two novels in the Wilizy series. Check below to see if you've missed any. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 




Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 


Book #20: The Champion Kisser

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 


Book #21: The Champion Kisser 

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 

Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 

Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 

Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.

Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 
Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 

Book #27: Bring your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 

Book #28: Queen Karita's Revenge

In this book, a brown-supremacist, power hungry politician uses her drunken army to subdue Nevada and Utah. The Wilizy use 'free trade' to defeat her. Readers will also learn about a strip-teasing jail-bait assassin, underage mortals entering and leaving Hell, Molly Moonblossom at work, the word 'gazendogalapadus,' Winnie becoming a mother, and Karita's cockamamie revenge. 

Book #29: I am the Light

In this story, you'll read about an R-rated welcome home costume, a bright light that talked, Sheila' and Stook's unwilling assassin, a pregnant ghost, a horse that could whinny a song, a female starship captain that was punished for exceeding planetary speed limits, an angel with vampire teeth, and a drug boss who wore pink panties that were far too small for him. The bra fit nicely though. 
Book #30: Cathog

Asmodeus' plan to capture Galahad, Shields and Winnie is two-thirds successful when Winnie finds out what has happened. She knows that her efforts to rescue them might end up with a trip to Planet Corpse, but walks into the trap anyway. Justice investigates Satan and Burger King but can't prove anything. They go unpunished. Spoiler alert: No cat-hogs were harmed in the publication of this novel. 

Book #31: The Coconut of Truth

Reese succeeds in his first trial by using a truth-compelling coconut. Marie's adjusted babysitting body is effective, but disconcerting. Justice offers Winnie a smoking hot time if she takes on a solo operation. This will present Lucy, Ricky, Fred and Ethel in cameo appearances before an unconventional God. Winnie solves the case with smoke and mirrors. She didn't need the guillotine at all. 

Book #32: Merly

Readers will meet Merly, a young teenage mermaid who doesn't want her father to marry her to the highest bidder. (Almost extinct mermaids are a valuable marriage commodity in the Cosmos.) Merly uses two devils, PornoGuy and Old Geezer, to illustrate what will happen to any husband if he touches her. Here's some advice if you run into her. Don't listen to her singing. She has a potent E I E I O.

Back to the Table of Contents

About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents


