MIA

ipam


Smashwords Edition Copyright 2018 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Present day and place and time


February 13th
9:43 am
Cold air temperatures with gray overcast cloudy skies
No snow precipitation
City of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama
Physician office setting


“Dead am I, today or tomorrow?” She laughed with amusement at her medical physician, sitting in an expensive leather chair inside his business medical office.
“Young lady, you have an extremely exaggerated flair for Hollywood make-believe drama,” the physician frowned. “Your body is carrying a cyst…”
“A cyst, there is a cyst inside my body. Dang it!” She shouted with fury.
“Miss Torino, your curt tone along with your bad manners is not acceptable behavior inside my private medical office.” He looked down with a sour frown to see her medical records on top of the office desk while reprimanding her bad southern manners.
“Sorry, doctor.” I looked down with a sour frown to see the lush covered peach colored carpet over the floor.
“You are a southern proper lady. You should act like one.” He continued to read her medical chart.
“No, I ain’t.” I mumbled softly.
“Where was I, when I was rudely interrupted? I was explaining to you the results of the radiology report. After reviewing all the battery of medical tests which you protested…”
“Hundreds of tests…” she tossed and waved both arms, picking off each items with a finger pad. “Ultrasound, EKG, CT, you x-rayed my stomach, my chest, my legs, my feet, my fanny,” she paused with a single breath. “The only part, not zapped was my face. Then you MRIed…”
“MRIed, that is a very clever term, young lady,” He chuckled.
“MRIed me and mammographed me. God!” She yelled with fury. A gigantic horizontal golden yellow thunderbolt danced across the dull gray skies of Birmingham with the set of sounds of boom and crack.
He turned with a gasp and pointed to the window, “Great Zeus! Did you see the magnificent bolt of lightning strike air across the sky line?”
She didn’t desire to note the weather or the window. She dropped a chin down into a chest and looked up with a sour frown to see the physician. “I’m only nineteen years old. My mom got one of those things for the first time, when she was really old like thirty-five…”
“Young lady, thirty-five years of age is not old, even the age of seventy years old is concerned very early stages of geriatric health for people.”
“Whatever, doc! You make me feel like I’m dying of AIDS,” she frowned.
“You do not. I repeat. You do not have the human immunodeficiency virus infection inside your chemical or biological systems.”
“I only got a cyst, spreading like Johnson grass on top of a septic tank,” she leaned back and rested the skull against the head rest, rubbing both tired eyes from working late at her job last night. The new day had started off bad, before the visit to her medical physician. Yeah, she had been summoned like a trained dog into her work job, because of sick personnel. And she couldn’t get tomorrow off from her work job, which she really wanted. The one day in the entire year that she needed off from her work job. One lousy day, she was told no. Life sucked!
The physician continued to lecture. “All your radiology views conclude with my earlier diagnosis, an ovarian fibroid cyst more complete and complicated than a regular cyst.”
“Thrilling,” she exhaled.
“Ovarian cysts are very common in older women and normally do not cause discomfort…”
“Mine do,” she sneered.
“The ovarian cysts dissolve inside the female organs on their own through hormonal balancing, diet selection, and exercising in reducing stress. Sometimes, Chinese acupuncture...”
“Been there, done that,” she growled.
He tossed both hands into the air, slicing and dicing them side to side with a wedding band on a ring finger and a diamond ring on a pinkie finger. The diamond sparkled within the sunlight, coming from the bay window of the plush and dark cherry decorated private office. “A cyst is a sac of fluid with no opening, when a follicle has grown too large from failing to rupture and releasing an egg under normal functioning.”
“I have a period each month,” she frowned.
“Your biological system is most usual. Your cyst has spread over the entire section of the ovaries, creeping into your organs, specifically the small intestine. Do you see the cyst here on the radiology film?” He lifted and pointed at the brown transparency in air as the sunlight hit the white matter.
“The pain is in my lower abdomen,” she frowned at the film.
“Your cyst has. Hmm, how do I put this? Your cyst has developed so-called ‘arms and legs’ and crawled around the intestines, which is very painful for you and your organs. The arms and legs are called fibroids.”
“Arms and legs?” She frowned.
“The fibroids are solid tumors…”
“Cancer tumors?” She gasped and understood. The medical word “tumor” was also associated with cancer.
“No, young lady. The tests have confirmed that those tumors are benign which means harmless to you.”
“Expect for the arms and legs...” she exhaled.
“Precisely, the arms and legs, which I call fibroids are growing outside the wall of your uterus…”
“I can’t have babies,” she moaned. “I wanna marry and have children, one day,” she held back a set of sobs and tears inside her throat.
“You are missing the point of my medical explanation, young lady. The fibroids have changed shape and size into more or less tentacles…” He laughed. “Like an octopus, if you will. The tentacles are formed around your vital biological organs, the ovaries…”
“No babies,” she whispered.
“Normally, these fibroids are related to estrogen production. To clarify, the estrogen hormone is used in terms of pregnant, oral contraceptives or menopause…”
She shouted, “I am not pregnant.”
“You menstruate each month and you are too young to start menopause.” He chuckled.
I whined. “I’m only nineteen years old, a teenager…”
“The cyst has twisted the tissues into knots around the organs. Your body cannot untwist the knot, nor can any oral medication dissolve the tissue knots. Therefore, I am required to cut the dead sacs away from your healthy biological organs, before something terrible happens.”
She gasped. “More terrible, you mean for me.”
“Young lady, terrible events occur every day and every hour for people like you. But I am here to fix that. You’ll be fine.” He laughed. “I’m one lucky physician also. This is a new clinical discovery for my medical research. I mean, you are my medical research, well, your medical presentation is going to be published in a prestigious world renowned medical journal by me, after I have extracted the diseased dead tissues from your body and documented and analyzed the medical outcomes and processes for my research paper.” He smiled with a set of nice white teeth.
She growled. “I’m not a science project.”
“Actually, you are.” He chuckled. “This is a once-in-a-lifetime medical condition, a unique opportunity to observe. I am the one, observing it.” He chuckled. “You are the first person to possess these exotic clinical symptoms. I will be very famous after my research paper is published. I will be the leading medical expert on ovary knots. That is the new name I have created for your condition. I will be asked to speech at lectures and visit conferences explaining all the new medical techniques of ovary knots,” he smiled.
“You’re an unkind human being, doctor,” she frowned and didn’t feel like arguing or debating her and her medical condition with this conceited barbarian.
“The summary of my recommendation is your ovary knots. Clever term, isn’t it? Or cysts can only be removed by surgery and…”
She gasped with shock, “Surgery? You’re going to cut me open with your sharp instruments and put me to sleep. I don’t know about this, Dr. Goldman. I think that I need a second opinion or at least talk to my mom, or maybe my priest.”
He laughed. “You have wonderful wit, not much charm, thou, young lady. You may converse with any medical or otherwise proper authority that is your right. But I must advise that the surgery has to be very soon. The fibroids will spread and grow from your intestines into your stomach and up to your chest and finally your heart. Beware! This new medical condition is very serious and grave.”
She whined. “I’m going to die.”
“No, you will not die with me as your doctor. You must not be aware of my outstanding medical reputation. I am a very famous world renowned medical researcher in the area of oncology and a State of Alabama board certified surgeon within the USA. I have make millions of dollars from my private practice and millions more in federal grants through the hospital’s cancer research clinic, in which I acquire a financial fee. I own a mansion in the city of Mountain Brook that is worth four million dollars, three cars and a family sedan. I have a house on the lake, a speed boat for fishing, and a small houseboat for entertaining my family and my friends. I have three daughters, one in high school and two in college, who are majoring in the medical field also. Of course, my wife doesn’t work. She does enjoy her charity work with the church. I spend my spare time golfing, fishing and traveling to medical conferences throughout the continent of Europe. I’m taking my family to the foreign country of New Zealand, this summer. Have you ever visited New Zealand?” He smiled.
“No, doctor,” She shook her black waist long hair.
“Beautiful place, fresh air, blue-green seas, boating, your operation is going to pay for my entire trip.” He chuckled.
“Yes, doctor,” she didn’t understand how New Zealand fit into her medical operation with a confused brow.
“My vacation to the country of New Zealand placed aside from our chat, young lady. You are in the best pair of hands on planet Earth. I will save your life. You will be fine and dandy recovering at home, watching television and drinking sweet tea four days after the small medical operation. Visualize, if you can? Your condition is like a hard golf ball of pink tissue and red blood, once I slice it open.” He chuckled. “Excuse the pun! You will get a hole-in-one and win the championship.”
“Yeah! And don’t forget the trophy of my tissues and my blood,” she frowned.
“Don’t worry, young lady. This is a piece of pecan pie.” He chuckled.
“How big is that piece of pie to save my life?” She frowned, since he had mentioned that she didn’t possess southern charm or grace.
He looked down with a smile to see the paper folder, “A very, very big slice of pie. Pecans are very expensive to buy but required for the recipe.”
“Are you the pecan or the maple syrup paste?” She smiled.
“You are a very lucky, young lady, today. You possess a very good insurance plan, I see. The information comes from your dad’s company. Your dad must be a highly paid executive in a good firm. First rate, young lady, this insurance company also pays their monies to me on a timely basis, too. Remember that! Getting the monies is important to pay all the bills. I won’t wait six months for the dough.” He laughed. “And I will be able to apply my entire monetary expensive fees for your numerous office visits, my numerous medical consults, many hospital visits, the one surgery cost of a set of heavy dollar amounts, and finally my personal fee for the collection and storage of the diseased ovaries inside the laboratory freezer. Don’t want that baby contaminated or destroyed!” He laughed.
She frowned. “It sounds like you will be getting more than your usual plump fee from me.”
“I have my reasons which are documented, prepared, and ready for the insurance company medical auditors, if I’m asked. But remember, saving lives cost money.”
“Your motto?” She frowned.
“That is an excellent idea, young lady. My new motto…” He cleared a throat. “Saving lives cost money.” He snorted. “I like the ring of that expression. You are a clever teenage.”
“What happens if the patient doesn’t have a first rate insurance plan, Dr. Goldman?”
“Your paperwork states you are a student at local community college. What field of study are you pursuing?”
She snorted, “Nothing and everything.”
He smiled. “Well, young lady, I believe we have concluded your final medical conference which I must remember to document inside your medical chart for monetary payment.” He closed the folder with a smile and a nod to her. “I will be arranging your admission to the hospital for February seventeenth…”
“Seventeenth? Today is February thirteenth. That’s next week.”
“A simple surgery with a slice of a knife to remove your ovary knots. Ovary knots, that has a nice phrase to it. I like my new scientific name. So, please expect a telephone call from my nurse regarding all the necessary paperwork of pre-admitting, admitting, laboratory tests, radiology …”
“Tests, I gotta have more tests to put through my poor body,” she whined.
“My nurse will explain all the medical and admitting details when she calls you, today. So be prepared! Don’t worry, young lady. You have good insurance to cover the lab tests and surgery. The reminder is paid by your dad. That is how the health insurance system works. You are a poor student. You do not have any funds for the highly expensive hospital and physician bills. Just let daddy take care of it!” He winked with a smile.
She mumbled. “Next week, surgery, hospital bill, dad…”
“Please make the appropriate plans canceling your advanced activities before your surgery. You must be admitted at six in the morning and then you will be released two days later. The rest of the time you will recover at home for a total of three days, not less. Then, you’ll be ‘Jim Dandy fine’ and healthy as we, southern folks like to say. Young people heal fast. It makes my job, so easy.” He laughed.
She exhaled. “Yes, doctor.”
He stood upright from the chair and leaned over, extending a hand, ending the medical visit with a smile. “Don’t worry, young lady! I will save your life. You will live to be old and gray, telling bedtime stories to your grandchildren.”
“Yes, doctor!” She stood upright from the expensive chair and shook his hand, back stepping from the office desk with a fake smile and spun around, moving ahead toward the closed door while hunting for the car keys, leaving the physician, taking the elevators out the building.


Outdoors
Car setting


She swiftly strutted out the office building toward her parked car, without freezing her fanny off within the wintertime cold air and stopped, reaching for the door handle.
The unlocked door opened.
She slid into the driver’s seat and inserted the car keys into the ignition, staring the cold engine. The set of windshield wipers, the interior roof light, the right yellow blinker, and finally radio activated within the car cabin. The radio blasted out loud, invading with both sounds and lights into her eyeballs and her eardrums. Actually, she forgot to disengage all the operating devices inside the cabin, before she turned off the car.
The radio chimed with the national news, covering the great State of Alabama, the USA, and the rest of the world inside the car. “Authorities are baffled and stunned with recent deaths of thousands of individuals, including infants, toddlers, and teenagers along with young, mature and elderly adults. No race, sex, or age is exempt from these tragic unexplained sudden deaths in which all the expert medical personnel have ruled simply as a single and deadly heart attack. A heart attack is a natural, not man-made or un-natural cause of a biological body to cease to exist as a life form on planet Earth. WHO, the World’s Healthcare Organization and the CDC, the Center for the Disease together are conducting medical and clinical investigations of this strange and odd occurrence within the USA. The federal government’s top medical staffers, coming from all over the world are working together to solve this phenomenon or episode or epidemic or whatever you want to call it to stop killing people on a daily basis all over the planet.”
She reached over and cut off the radio with a sour frown. “Who cares? Everyone dies. Guess Mother Nature finally got sick and tired of rude and nasty people pooping on her planet. I know I would,” she sat inside the car as the engine warmed within the winter weather storm in the month of cold February within the State of Alabama. “I got more troubles than a few heart attacks of dead bodies that I’ll never meet. I’m going to die. I’m going to die during the surgery,” she sobbed with unbroken tears of death and defeat. “That arrogant old rich millionaire doctor was bouncing and hopping around that subject through his yellow stained teeth as he stated that this medical procedure was a simple surgery, but it would save her life.” Her sobs turned into rolling hot wet tears of her future, death with a capital D. Then she laughed out loud like a crazy person. “At this moment, I should be updating my will, listing my assets, my precious Earthly possessions to give to my precious family and friends for them to remember me.” She snorted. “After nineteen years, I got accumulated to my vast inventory of material values a list of items I can count on one hand,” she reached out and slammed a hand into the dashboard with a grin and a grin. “I got a car, two great pairs of ratty wore and comfortable denim jeans, one of which I’m wearing now and some CDs. God!” A gigantic horizontal golden yellow thunderbolt danced across the dull gray skies of Birmingham with a boom and a crack. She nodded to the beautiful lightning with a smile. “You heard me. Don’t you, Almighty One? Well, I still have my sense of humor even if I don’t have southern charm and grace, regarding my short term life,” she sobbed with hot snot and tears.
She didn’t want to tell the terrible medical news to her mom yet. Her mom would be sick with worry. Her mom had too many subjects to worry, such like, her job, her apartment, her cats, her car, and her other things within her life rather than her daughter.
This was hard, harder than she had expected.
She had thought that the doctor would prescribe and swallow down a couple of pills. Then medical pain would go away inside her tummy. Instead, the physician must operate to remove the cysts or the newly discovered ovary Knots from her body, a simple operation.
Yeah, right, she must visit with the front door of her dear old dad this evening with the ultimate bad news, maybe for once her dad would give her a hug and wish his daughter well.
“Fat chance,” she snorted with laughter.
The mobile telephone rang without a musical tone.
“Not now…” she moaned and searched down into the purse for ringing mobile telephone. Her supervisor was bugging her about work. She had told her supervisor that she would be there after lunch. Geez, she had to work both the second and the third shift by herself, since the other employed waitresses were sick with a flu virus from bad winter weather and could not handle the clean food, plates, knives, and forks. “What!” She lifted into her lips and yelled into the mobile telephone.
She paused and listened to the person at the other end of the telephone call.
She said softly. “I turned the phone off. Sorry.”
Pause.
“Fred, please, forgave my outburst.”
Pause.
“Not mad, just busy.”
Pause.
“No. Please don’t go. How are you, Fred?”
Pause.
“How did my new job interview go this morning? O good!”
Pause.
“Job? I am going to see the guy again for the next interview,” she cringed with the white lie.
Pause.
“Thanks for wishing me good luck!”
Pause.
“No class at college, today. Yeah, work in three hours.” She reminded.
Pause.
“Yeah, I did skip class, yesterday.”
Pause.
“I’m a genius that why I skip so much classroom time.” She giggled.
Pause.
“I’m a tease. That’s me, honeybee,” she flirted.
Pause.
“Thanks for laughing at my sad jokes, Fred.”
Pause.
“Will I have lunch with you, today? So sweet! I promised my mom that I would eat with her before work.”
Pause.
“I am so sorry to disappointment. Do you want dinner with me tonight?”
Pause.
“At six o’clock, I can arrange a quick meal for us. Come to the restaurant! We can spend some time together.”
Pause.
“I’m happy you like that plan, Fred.”
Pause.
“You aced your academic tests. That is excellent. You’re so smart, Fred.”
Pause.
“I admire you for your brains, only.”
Pause.
“Since, you don’t have a personality. You don’t smile since your teeth are crooked,” she laughed with him.
Pause.
“Teeth are important, too,” she giggled with him.
Pause.
“What do you mean tomorrow is the big day?”
Pause.
“Tomorrow is Valentine’s Day, yeah, of course. How could I forget that?”
Pause.
“I love pink roses.”
Pause.
“And I love candy.”
Pause.
“And I eat anything. You see me clean my platter of vegetables and meats.”
Pause.
“I possess a healthy appetite.”
Pause.
“Yeah, I am healthy girl. That’s me.” 
Pause.
“Yeah, I will spend more time with you. I promise.”
Pause.
“Thanks for calling me, Fred. You cheered up the day for me.”
Pause.
“You’re welcome. I will see you at six o’clock. Be careful driving.”
Pause.
“Bye, Fred.” She disconnected the mobile telephone call with a deep sigh. She had made too many bad choices. She will mention the medical surgery to Fred tonight, since she was going into the hospital and would not be able to answer the mobile telephone.
He had to understand the importance of the surgery, whether she died or lived that didn’t matter. “Nice guys finish last as the old saying goes. Fred is a nice guy. I am a dead gal, “she started to sob with more tears of fear. “Be brave. Fight it. Maybe, I can change my fate,” she turned and viewed the radio clock with a whisper. “It is only ten in the morning. Not time for work, yet. Not time for lunch, either. I’ll mosey over to the shopping mall. I’m close. Then I can leave and have lunch with my mom before getting ready for work, before I’m late. And then I will see Fred at six for the last night. What a bad morning? I need some cheering up. Treat thyself! Yeah, a sinful pleasure for the last time in my short life,” she steered the car with a laugh out of the medical building parking lot and onto the city street of Birmingham towards the shopping mall.


Coffee and Donut Shop
Cold temperatures with bright sunlight
Birmingham Mall location
10:17 am
Food counter setting


She stood outside the eatery shop inside the court food space with a smile. The mobile telephone hung down from an eardrum. “I love you, Mama.”
She paused and listened to her mom with a smile on the other end of the mobile telephone.
“Yeah, I’m using your famous line, also. I’m fine.”
Pause.
“Yeah, I will see you for lunch. Later, gator!” She employed the endearment term that her dad had taught her as a child, ending the conversation with my mother.
She stored the mobile telephone inside the purse, strolling into the coffee and donut shop, shucking the heavy coat over a collar bone and stopped, waiting in line for her turn to order a gigantic raspberry sweet tea with mint. She was not a native of the great US State of Alabama, spending most of her youth inside the progressive US State of Florida along with the wild gators, but she loved sweet tea with lots of sugar and mint. Yummy!
She needed the sugar and the caffeine to perform her assigned work shift this afternoon at the restaurant. She didn’t feel up to working, but she needed the money more than ever for the simple medical operation. Since, she was going to be cut up like a fake paper doll with real gigantic amounts of pain and suffering. She needed to pay for the pain and suffering, laughing out loud with the funny mental mind thought.
Her dad was not going to pay the entire hundred percent expensive hospital and physician bills. He wasn’t that nice to her even when physical pain and suffering was involved.
And she didn’t want her mom stuck with the check, since her mom didn’t have a checkbook to cover the monies from her personal bank account either. Her mom had her own personal living expenses, rent, car payment, insurance, food, gas, Federal taxes, and such.
So, she would work a few double shifts this week at the restaurant before the big day, saving her hard earned cash to give to her mom to pay off all the outstanding medical bills at the hospital. She wasn’t going to burden the only person on this planet that she really loved within heart and soul with these new troubles.
Her mom was a very strong and faithful person. She was really relieved that her daughter had chosen to see the physician and get fixed.
The phrase sounded like her daughter was a cat or dog in heat. Her mom made her daughter laugh with her witty Southern accented humor. Her mom would figure out the really bad news when her daughter was dead, once her daughter left the hospital operating room without breathing.
Later tonight, after her work shift and before the big day, she would stop and chat with her dad, reminding him that she was a dependent on his health insurance plan. Her father was responsible for paying the expensive monetary fees to the hospital for her upcoming medical surgery to remove each cysts by the greedy barbarian physician, while she would bleed out a set of red tinted blood proteins and suffering pain inside a private hospital room.
“For once, the wrath of God will prevail,” she snorted with soft laughter, standing in line at the food counter, pondering her delicate dilemma. Her dad will be so unhappy for himself, paying out his precious money for his daughter. She laughed again.
She looked down and flipped through the hot fashion magazine at the new clothes. She could’ve been a fashion model too. She was tall at five feet and nine inches. She received her height from her dad and her pretty face from her mom.
Her mom was short and stumpy, not elegant and tall.
She had a pair of long legs for dance and swimming and a set of elegant fingers for painting and playing the piano. Hobbies, she had not engaged in a while, a very long while. She could have been a model or an artist or a singer, if she had chosen one of those professions. She had a sweet high soprano voice as told by the music director when she had attended church, singing church songs in the choir. But it was too much work, time, and not enough money.
“Money’s what I need at the moment, not singing notes,” she sighed with a deep breath.
She turned to see the decorative food display window on the side of the service counter, trying to decide either the chocolate chip muffin or the sweet blueberry pastier. Her eyes shifted to movement which was across an open floor that was inside an isolated booth that was located in the corner of the north and west wall intersection.
The middle aged man facing in her direction wore a pair of brown wool dress trousers and a white button down cotton shirt without a neck tie. He stood upright and leaned over, placing an exposed hand on the top of the collar bone of a young male. The young male stood sideways within her vision. She could see his profile. He was tall young male with a head of black hair and a pale complexion, who was close to her age. Then, the young male disappeared from sight. The young guy vanished into thin air. He was no longer standing in front of the middle aged man. Not there! Gone! Poof! The older man stood alone on top of the floor.
“Whoa!” She gasped and exhaled a heavy dose of mixed oxygen, creating a sickly sucking outer sound with an open mouth and a nose, releasing snot mucus and saliva spit in the process. She wiped off the drooling mouth spit and the snotty nose with both of the fingerless beige knit glove that matched the knit cap and the sweater.
The older man turned and stared at the young teen female, tilting a skull at an angle and blinked both eyes shut and open. She spun around and quickly moved away from the line, forgetting about the dang tea, hustling over the floor out of the shop, heading out into the open mall lobby. “Signorina Micena Torino.” A deep rich baritone voice spoke clearly within the air waves, bombarding her ears and her mind.
She halted at the musical sound of her name and spun around with a gasp. The older man was approaching her with a set of long strides on a pair of long legs. Micena could not move. He stopped two feet in front of her upright posed and frightful biological body. She quickly lifted and bent both palms upright, spreading the gloved fingers in the air, readying for a fight in the middle of the coffee and donut shop. Micena turned and viewed the outer rim of the store without a security guard. She was about to be physically attacked in plain eye view. She turned and scanned the rest of the coffee shop with a worried brow for any form of assistance in protecting her body.
Every customer was pleasantly eating a piece of sweet bread, drinking a hot or cold beverage and engaging in a dull conversation.
Micena turned and faced her attacker alone with a stern face. He did not move from the designated spot but continued to stare into her aqua tinted eyeballs with a smile. She finally found the courage to speak at the rude person with a loud intimidating confident high-pitched singing voice in soprano. “Micena, you called me by my Christian name, slick.” She exhaled with fury. “Look, man! I do not know you. What do you want?”
“May I purchase you a beverage, Micena?” He smiled.
“No!” She snapped with fury, still holding both palms in the air for an upcoming fight. She noticed that one other person inside the shop was looking at her rude and inappropriate behavior.
He edged closer and pointed an arm, without touching her towards the service counter to order a beverage. The other arm contained a heavy wool brown colored winter coat, since the month of February within the South was freezing cold rainy snow with a set of gray clouds and a sunless day of wintertime. Micena stood her ground.
He possessed a pair of bright baby blue eyeballs, a tone of porcelain tinted skin, and a head of dull auburn colored cropped hair with a matching goatee and a smile. “Please, just one beverage. Do you like coffee, Micena? You are on my list to visit today.” He proclaimed with a soft timber.
“On your list to visit, today? Who are you, mister?” Micena asked with peak curiosity and bad manners.
“Jesus.”
She swiftly retorted with a stern face, “Jesus, as in The One and Only Mister Holy Jesus Christ of Heaven.” The man was a total nut job. She turned and scanned the coffee shop with a pair of worried eyeballs. No person seemed to hear his crazy introduction. She was puzzled, scared, and intrigued.
“I appreciate your compliment, especially the mister part.” He smiled with no malice or a strained emotion.
She swung a determined face to see his smile again. This nut case thought that she believed him too. Micena did not want to create a scene just slip away once he was occupied like a ghost. “Okay. If you are the real deal, why don’t you break out some identification for me to inspect?” she lowered both arms down and slammed her legs with a smirk.
“Most cautious of you, Micena,” He nodded with a smile.
“Cautious is wishing that I carried a switch blade, a hand pistol, or a can of mace, man. People like you are scary, dude.” She sneered.
“I am very grateful that you do not possess those dangerous items, Micena.” He looked down and withdrew a wallet out from the coat, offering the driver’s license to her for view.
She reached out and snatched the item, reading out loud with a stern face. “Jesus Milton Christian. Now, that’s a hoot, man,” laughing rudely.
“I am very glad that I can entertain you, Micena.” He continued to smile and stared her with a calm position.
“Milton?” She stared down at the identification first and then the man in the flesh and blood, who stood quiet and reserve. Her neurons pondered his real identity.
“An inside joke, maybe I can explain the story to you, sometime, Micena.” He softly chuckled.
“I still don’t know if you’re legit, slick. But how in the hell did you get by with Jesus at the DVM?” She laughed.
He said with a stern face. “Put off all anger, wrath, malice, blasphemy, filthy communication out of your mouth.”
She gasped. “Hey! You just quoted Colossian 3:8.” He had quoted a passage from The Holy Bible.
“Excellent, Micena! You have heard of those Words.” He raised both eyebrows as in discipline regarding her comment.
“Okay, sir! I got it. No more potty trash talk.” She felt like she should behavior around this stranger.
“To answer your original question, Micena, the world is full of many variations of the proper noun ‘Jesus.’ For example, the name ‘Joshua’ in Hebrew means Jesus…”
She waved an arm side to side and nodded with a stern face, “Yeah, yeah, got it. I ain’t dumb. The Spanish language for James is spelled just like this J.e.s.u.s. But it’s not pronounced the same way. The vowels in the language created a different sound.”
“You are very swift and exact, Micena.” He smiled with a nod.
“So, why don’t you pronounce it like a Spanish name, and not use the Lord’s name in vain. He…” she pointed up to the ceiling with a smile, pretending to represent Heaven in the universe above the blue skies of Earth. “…don’t like it,” giggling.
He pointed up to the ceiling with a smile and a nod. “I am honest. My name is Jesus. I am your Lord and Savior from Heaven.”
She frowned. “You don’t look Latino, Mexican, or Spanish to me, qualifying you to use the name ‘Jesus’ in the Spanish version. You look very American to me.”
“Another precise observation, Micena!” He nodded with a smile.
I continue to examine the man and the identification. The identification held an Alabama address displaying the city of Birmingham, where Micena presently worked and lived. His street address was different from hers. He lived in the heart of Birmingham. She pointed down t the identification with a worried brow. “You live off the city street of West Valley Road. That is a rough place for cars and dogs much less a nice dressed man.”
“Thank you for the kind remark. You are most definitely accurate with your evaluation of my current home address.” He smiled.
“Yup! A girl’s got to be up on things like this. We both live in the tenth dangerous city in the good old US of A, Birmingham, Alabama.” She jabbed a finger at her and her chest.
“Again, you are very perceptive, Micena.” He smiled.
“Yeah, my perception labels you a thief, a con man or a drug pusher. So, what do you want, dude?” She pushed at his demand. She did not really believe him, his identification, or his con job. She needed to finish this business, go home, and get really for her work job.
“I would like to purchase a coffee to warm up my soul from the cold air and offer you a choice of beverage. Then, I would like for us to sit and chat for a short while, if you would kindly accept my formal invitation.” He smiled with a nod.
She frowned and stared at the man, who was calling his person Jesus. She was pretty good at reading people as good or bad. She did not get a bad vibe from this older man and she was intrigued that a man would be so bold to call his person Jesus as in the Holy Jesus Christ from Heaven. Maybe, she could help him. He definitely needed to be placed inside a mental ward at the local hospital. Maybe, she should call the mall security and report the guy.
However, she never refused a free drink or a friend in need. She nodded with a smile at the man named Jesus. “Well, I got good instincts. You haven’t acted loco or pulled a knife on me or taken my purse. And you’re dressed nice like a businessman. I’m going to order a large raspberry sweet tea with mint.”
“Excellent tea selection! I will do the honors. Please have a seat in the last booth on right side of the wall. I will be right back, Micena.” He moved ahead towards the ordering counter with a smile. He was dressed as a normal person but called Micena by her given Christian name. Only a hand full of people living within the great State of Alabama, the Sunshine State of Florida, the USA, the world, and maybe a few aliens inside outer space knew about that usual name. Micena shivered with goose bumps on both arms. It was the cold air. Also, the guy did have a set of nice manners for a stranger, who continued to call himself a very important entity which Micena seriously questioned.
She moved ahead and scooted into the booth, watching, waiting, and wondering why the heck she was here and doing this. She needed to call her dad with the good news of an expensive medical surgery and find another clean uniform for work, before she was late.
He returned and toted a large tea, a small coffee, and a bottle of water, sliding into the booth and placed the large tea beverage in front of Micena complete with an unopened straw. “Thank you.” she reached out and grabbed the wet beverage with both hands, flicking a set of unpolished semi-long clean fingernails together and then apart. A nervous habit, since childhood, one in which she could not break even with the yelling and screaming from her dad.
Her mom flipped the long hair strands behind both ears when she was nervous, a habit that her daughter Micena had observed since a small child. Everyone had their own set of little eccentrics.
She leaned down and slurped a few slips. 
The exception, this guy desired to be called Jesus and called by that unique name. That over shot the eccentric chart. Micena softly giggled and had wished that Zany her girlfriend had joined them here the booth. However, Zany could not stand being around a physician. So, Micena was alone.
“You are very welcome, Micena.” He smiled with a nod. He seemed to smile all the time while his voice tone was firm but soft.
“Look, buddy! You should drop the ‘Jesus’ name and use Milton. Okay? Someone important is going to hear you and then you will get arrested for impersonalizing a deity or entity or a supernatural VIP.” Micena warned and turned, scanning the coffee shop, hoping that no one heard her comment also.
“Your gynecologist is a very good medical practitioner, Micena. He diagnosed your symptoms accurately, ovarian fibroid cyst.” He slipped the hot beverage.
She swung back an angry face with a sneer. “How? I mean. I just came from there.” She pointed to the towering medical building which could be viewed from the coffee shop. She sneered. “How do you know that? You are spying on me. O. Now. Shit. Got it. Understand. His spies found out that I was visiting an obstetric doctor for many months. He wants to know more. So, my dad sent you to spy on me. Figures,” she slid out and stood next to the booth with a sour frown and a matching tone, “Time to go!”
“Have you heard the wrath of Almighty God comes upon the children of disobedience?” He said with a stern face.
She nodded with a sour frown, “Yeah, it’s in the book Colossian 3:6 from the New Testament of the Bible. I can read. I read that in the Bible at school. Okay. I got it.”
“Do the Holy Words mean anything to you, Micena?” He said with a calm disposition and then slipped the coffee.
She exhaled. “To worship, pray and obey Almighty God and Brother Jesus Christ as my appointed Lord and Savior with my heart and my soul, so I can go to Heaven when I die and leave this place to serve Him as an angel for all eternity. Does that answer your question, dude? Did I pass, holy man?” She giggled.
“Excellent reply, Micena! You are very knowledgeable with My Father’s holy words. We have much more exchange to discuss. Please sit, Micena, and enjoy your tea. Would you like a pastry with your beverage as we converse?” She shook her curls in silence. He smiled. “Very well! To address your troubling questions, your dad did not send me. I am not a spy. I came here to talk with you on my own accord.”
She pondered His words. Her dad had not sent Him. She believed that He was telling the truth but she didn’t know how she believed Him. She did. Anyways, her dad was very subtle with his espionage. This stranger wanted to talk to her. He had come to her on His own accord.
She decided to hear more of His information exchange. If Micena didn’t like, then she could leave and get ready for work.
She sat back down and reached out, grabbing the tea glass again. The sweet tea was very good. This man was very different from any person that she had ever met. She had found herself confused and confounded until she could figure out what was going on here. Also, if her dad was spying on her person, then she was interested in spying back on her dad using his spy to spy on her. She softly giggled at her whacky mental thought processes.
She had a few more minutes for this kiddie ride and exhaled with a stern face. “Okay. Are you a medical physician too?”
“I have a deep passion for the sick, Micena.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“Right...” she snorted with a laugh.
“Your physician ruled out diabetes, Micena?” He said with a stern face.
She nodded with a stern face. “Righto, again, Mr. Physician. Blood glucose count normal, maybe a little low. I get nausea, especially in the morning. Since, you’re a spy for my dad, I am not pregnant.” She shouted out loud with a sneer. Now, the entire world knew that truth.
“Frequent snacking will alleviate these nausea symptoms, Micena. I realize that you are telling the truth. You are not pregnant.” He nodded with a stern face and slipped the coffee.
“Good! We agree on that point, holy man. So, I guess we’re finished. My dad wanted the truth. He got it. I am not pregnant.” Micena slid out and stood upright beside the booth with a laugh.
“I wanted to ask about your upcoming surgery, Micena.” He asked with a stern face and a serious tone.
“Man, you’re good. I just found out about ten minutes ago. The wonder of cell phone usage, huh.” She lifted and held up her mobile telephone with a snorting laugh.
“Are you in pain, Micena?” He asked with a stern face and a serious tone.
She slid back down into the booth and looked down with a stern face at the mobile telephone. “How in the world did my dad tap into my mobile telephone electronic line? Must be some kind of new computer technology? I admit this is an old mobile.” 
“Is the pain centered inside your stomach, Micena?” He inquired with a stern face and a serious tone.
She frowned. “I wish I could buy a new phone like a new G7 with web access, but I don’t have the extra cash, right now. I never have extra cash to waste. Bills come first and foremost,” giggling.
“Is your pain affecting your appetite, Micena?”
“My dad buys the latest electronic toys on the market. He acquired a state-of-the-art spy package and tapped into my phone. I’m impressed and mad both at the same time. Heaven knows that he has lots of extra cash to burn on techie toys. Wish he could burn money on me? I could use a little help with the rent payment next month.” She looked up with a smile to see the stranger who named Jesus.
“Micena, may I have your attention for a few moments?” He said with a firm tone and a stern face.
“Yeah, sure! Hey! Since, we’re becoming fast and furious friends, and since you not going to attack me, and since my dad sent you, call me, Mia. It is a shorter name for Micena. Nobody uses that ancient name anymore,” she dropped the mobile telephone onto the booth surface with a smile and leaned down, slipping on her free refreshing beverage.
He nodded with a smile. “Mia is a very nice selection as a nickname. Thank you for the informal courtesy. I asked earlier. Are you in pain, Mia?”
“I wished that my dad would ask me that question for once. You know like a direct input. For your 411, yes, I’m in pain, but the miracle worker in that very building over your shoulder is going to fix it, next week.” She nodded with a smile.
“A medical operation, do you think it will be successful?” He inquired with concern.
She frowned with a giggle. “That is not a very good question to ask the upcoming scared patient, holy man. But, yeah, I guess so. I can’t predict the future. Can you, scout?” She leaned down and slipped the tea, sitting back and smashed her lips from the sugar.
“I can see this particular surgery is very complicated, since the cyst fibers are twirled around your small and large intestines, piercing into your stomach lining and overgrown onto the ovaries.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She gasped with a smile. “You are a good medical consultant, great assessment of my painful condition. I feel so much better hearing the twisting knotty story, again, doc. God…” She exhaled. A gigantic horizontal golden yellow thunderbolt danced across the dull gray skies of Birmingham, sounding with a loud boom and a louder crack.
“Mia?” He said with a firm tone and a stern face.
She turned and pointed through the window at the dull winter day with a smile. “Wow! Did you see that thing or phenomenon or weather pattern? It was a great big wide long gigantic bright and bold white and yellow streak right across the entire window pane. Awesome, holy man!”
“My Father is very awesome and sometime a bit of a show off. Please, do not use the Lord’s name in vain, Mia.” He said with a serious tone and somber facial expression.
“Sorry. I’ll be careful not to repeat Ten Commandment number three. Okay?” She giggled with a grin of rude teen manners.
“Is that an apology?” He exhaled.
“Yes sir.” She nodded with a smile. Micena didn’t know why she felt that she should mind her ‘p’s and ‘q’s with this guy who was called Jesus. But, somehow she should.
“Apology accepted. Your medical condition is…”
“Look! I was diagnosed with the cyst thing six months ago. I’ve visited, talked, chatted and yelled at ten different doctors. They tell me the same thing over and over and over again, cyst, cyst and cyst. I ate pills, was stabbed with shots, and stuck with acupuncture needles, and changed my diet, and exercised my fanny off. No change. Nothing. Nada. The cyst keeps growing and growing and growing just like my dad’s beer belly. No one can stop it. Or can you stop it, doc?” She pleaded with a miracle.
“Mia, the medical information you have been given is accurate and complete. I cannot stop the growth of the cyst inside your innards. I am so sorry for disappointing you and giving you a wrong impressive of my right intentions.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She gasped. “I’m going to die. Aren’t I?” Her neurons were correct, thinking about the terrible mental thought.
“Not from the operation, Mia.” He smiled.
She slid out and stood upright next to the booth, pulling her coat over the sweater. The stranger was nice and kind to Mia. It was work day. She needed to move along. Maybe, work will take her mind off upcoming medical surgery operation. She softly said. “Look. You have the data that you came for. Please, tell my dad to call me next time…next week. I will be in one place for a least of couple of hours, maybe he can visit me inside the hospital. Or better yet, forget calling him! I plan to see him at home, tonight. My dad has to pay the hospital bill and needs to talk to the doctor. I’ll take care of it like I always do.” She exhaled with numerous emotions of worry, fear and concern, flooding her mind and her body.
“Mia, you are a very responsible being for someone so young. Please don’t leave yet. I have more information to exchange with you. Would you like some food or another beverage? I am buying.” He slightly smiled with a soft timber.
She exhaled with a slight smile. “Well, thanks. But we’re done. I gotta scoot and get ready for work and make plans for my…ya know…”
“I thought you wanted to ask me a question.” He smiled.
She stared with a stern face at him. “Ask you what?”
“The young man, I touched.” He smiled.
Okay. That received her full attention. She slid back down into the booth and stared at the man, who was called Jesus. She nodded with a stern face. “I saw him. I saw it. I mean I saw something. Did I see something? I’m crazy. No, I’m not crazy. That was so strange.” She could not explain what he did or didn’t do as she saw it with her own eyeballs.
“He disappeared within your eyesight.” He smiled.
“Yes, he disappeared like magic. Are you a magician? Where did he go? Is there a trap door on the floor?” She turned and examined the floor with a stern face. The floor was wooden, not tiles. The guy had not gone down a set of steps. She returned her eyes back to the man.
“I am…”
She lifted both palms that were covered in set of knit gloves with a stern face. “Wait! Before, you tell me anything else. We have got to either change your name to James or prove to me that you’re indeed ‘The One and Only Mister Holy Jesus Christ of Heaven.’” She dared him to admit that he was a very bright and brilliant physician that her dad had hired to follow, stalk, or talk about her constant medical condition.
“You have asked a reasonable request.” He turned and viewed the coffee shop, pointing up to the ceiling. “Do you see the big plasma television screen on the other side of the store, displaying a musical station?”
“Yeah,” I turned and smiled at the gigantic plasma television screen. The program was a musical station with guitars and drums. He waved His hand. The television screen flipped to a new programming station before her eyes from a music program into the world news station. The female reporter announced the commercial advertisement, before continuing the latest world breaking news stories of the hour. Mia turned and gasped at him. “How did you do that? Ah! You palmed the remote control from the cashier.” She looked back over a collar bone to see the female and returned back to the man. “She’s pretty. Is she your girlfriend? You should be ashamed, man. I thought you were magical or mysterious. You’re a fake.” She snorted with disgust.
He turned and stared at Mia with a stern face and a serious tone. “The reporter will mention three news flashes. An earthquake in China, a diplomat shot in the head in Thailand, and a plane crash in Florida.”
She giggled. “Okay. I’ll stop, look, and listen, dude. The cashier’s playing your game, too. How much are you paying her? I can be your work partner for the next fool. How much is she getting one hundred dollars, two hundred dollars? I’ll work for fifty bucks,” laughing.
He exhaled. “Mia, I am telling the truth.”
“And the truth will set you free, buddy.” She laughed.
“That quote is not a set of Holy Words.” He cocked a skull sideways with a perplexed look.
“Law terminology 101,” she smiled.
“I must remember that.” He smiled.
“You do that, scout. So, let us both check out your psychic predictions, shall we?” She turned and propped a hand to her face, staring at the television, waiting for it to bite her.
The reporter popped on-screen with a rushed cool tone via the television screen, “Just in, three tragic events top this hour of newscast. This morning on February thirteenth, there has been a small plane crash in the US State of Florida, an earthquake inside the country of China, and finally, a diplomat has been shot through the head in country of Thailand. Stay tuned! All these stories are unfolding with details from our news crews on site. Continue monitoring our station as the number one new gathering force in the USA with the three tragedies of injury, deaths, and murder.” The television station switched to another paid product advertisement commercial.
I slide out and stood upright next to the booth, jabbing a finger at the male with angry. “Sh…I mean poopy turds. You tricked me, holy man. Your girlfriend, the cashier told you the news before I arrived. I’m right. You are a fake, a cheat, a con man.”
“The news is true, Mia. People have died. I challenge you to ask the cashier about the stories and my relationship with her.” He said with a stern face and a tone of sincerity.
“Yeah, right, that’s a good point. I’m going to do that. Walk over and ask her about you and the stories.” She turned to face the food counter. The man and woman stopped and stood in front of the booth, commenting about the horrible events that had been displayed on the television screen. Mia listened intently to the private conversation between the two adults.
The stranger who was calling himself Jesus was telling Mia the truth. He was not lying. She was wrong. The cashier was not his girlfriend or being paid money. He was not conning Mia.
She slid back down inside the booth and stared at the television screen with shock, sorrow, and sadness within her heart for the victims and their families, saying softly. “I believe you. I’m sorry. I jumped to the wrong conclusion.”
“You are learning about life, Mia, which can be very painful when seen with a pair of real eyes and an open mind. You do not owe me any apology.” He softly said with a caring tone and a pair of sad eyes.
She pointed the television screen with a sad face. “That’s so awful. All these people, their family members hurt, bleeding, or dead.” She turned and frowned at Jesus. “Can’t you do something to help them like bring them back from the dead for their loved ones, if you really are Brother Jesus Christ?”
“God’s will be done.”
She cursed with angry. “What in the hell…”
“Cursing doesn’t become a lady, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“I ain’t no lady,” she yelled with fury at Jesus.
“But your mom keeps trying to instruct you in proper southern manners, does she not?” He slightly smiled at her mischievous teen behavior.
“Leave my mom out of this,” she growled.
“My next conversation with you is going to be about your mom, Mia.” He said with a calm tone.
She slid out and stood upright beside the booth with a yell, waving both arms in the air. “You’re a spy, spying on my mom. My dad sent you, didn’t he? Admit it? That son of bitch…”
“To answer your multiply questions, one at a time. I am not a spy. Your dad is not in communication with me which is very sad for both of us. Finally, that clever term references your sweet and Christian grandmother, not your dad, have you ever pondered that fact, Mia?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
Mia slid back down with a confused brow into the booth, accepting the mental challenge from the unknown man. She exhaled. “Let me analyze that! Son would be my dad and bitch of the son is his mother, my grandmother.” She frowned. “Okay, right, I hadn’t thought of it like that.”
“Which points out to me that you are really insulting your good natured grandmother and not your dad, you should heed the warning in the future, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded with a smile. “Yes, I will. Thanks for pointing that out. Back to you! How did you predict the three events? Are you a psychic or an oracle or something magical?”
He smiled. “I am Jesus. I guess my natural abilities would appear to you as magical but normal for me.”
She giggled with a grin. “Do another trick, holy man?”
He did not sigh or seem annoyed with her suggestion, saying with a calm tone. “I will perform another feat only to prove my person to you, Mia.” He reached out and pulled the unopened bottle of water in front of his body, waving a hand over the clear beverage. “Wine from water,” chuckling.
She dropped a mouth open with the miracle. The bottle of water changed colors from clear to red. “Wine?” She pointed at the liquid with a grin of fun.
“Try it?” He shoved the bottle of red liquid to her with a smile.
She reached out and grabbed the unopened bottle that was labeled as spring water, where Jesus had purchased at the coffee counter bringing it to the booth table at the first of their meeting. She twisted the cap off with a smile. “John 2:9, the water is made wine. It was your first miracle of faith for the faithless.” She slipped a large gulp and dropped the bottle over the hard surface with a sour frown, “Hey! This is red colored grape juice,” she giggled and slipped on the bottle for a second time, making certain of her discovery.
He softly chuckled with a smile. “You are underage, kid. Nineteen years old minors do not consume alcohol. I do not break the laws in America. Obey authority! Remember, Mia?”
“I try,” she smiled with a giggle.
“You should try a little harder, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“You definitely are a harmless stalker and sound just like my dad,” she rolled her eyeballs with a soft moan.
“Do you have faith in my origins? Do you believe me now?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded with a smile. “I believe with my heart, my soul, and my taste buds, Jesus, sir. You are ‘The One and only Holy Mister Jesus Christ from Heaven,’” she slid out and stood upright beside the booth, lifting and saluted with a hand from her forehead with the form of respect, scooting back down into the booth, lifting and gulped another swallow of grape juice. She hoped that it would turn into red wine. She smiled, “Should I bow or something, Jesus, sir?”
Jesus smiled. “Not today, may we move on? I have other appointments, this afternoon.”
“Yes sir! But wait! I mean. Can…?”
“What is it, Mia?” Jesus asked with concern.
“May I touch you? I mean your hand. Uh, I mean just a finger, Jesus, sir.” She prayed with hope inside her heart.
“Of course, like this.” Jesus extended an exposed hand over the table surface with the set of fingers spread flat on the surface.
Mia reached out and gently touched his index finger with her index finger, mentally praying only one touch will do it with a smile and a nod, “Okay, thanks, Jesus, sir.”
“Do you feel different, Mia?” He inquired with curiosity.
She meekly asked. “Should I, Jesus, sir?”
“You are in the same medical state, Mia, along with your growing cyst inside your abdomen.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She whined with worry and pity. “But, in Mark 5:28, when she touched your garment, the woman was healed of her blood medical condition immediately. I should be healed like it mentions in the Holy Bible. I believe you. I believe who you are. I don’t understand, Jesus, sir.”
“You have told the heavenly miracle correctly that I had performed on planet Earth a very long time ago, Mia. However, I am here today for many more reasons than healing.” He said with a sad tone.
“It worked for her...” she continued to whine, since she desired to be healed. Then Mia will not have the scary hospital surgery. And she believed Jesus can heal her.
“Why not you?” He asked with concern.
“Yeah, me!” She firmly said with selfishness, instead of heavenly faith.
“God’s will,” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded with the heavenly acknowledgement. You can’t debate or argue with Almighty God or His will. “Do you know her, Jesus?”
“She works for me, a delightful supervisor of many angels in Heaven.” He smiled.
She smiled “That’s nice for you and her. But, you’re supposed to heal all the sick. You have a deep passion for the sick. You told me that. Does that not include me? I’m sick with this cyst. I am in need healing or…”
“Or what, Mia?” He asked with a puzzled facial expression.
“Or are you the anti-person the Bible speaks about, not the true Christ. The one that’s fake and causes a lot of trouble and does bad things to people here on Earth,” she worried that he was not the real but the fake one.
“You think too much, Mia.” Jesus shook his auburn hairy skull with a smile.
“Yes sir. I use my brain to solve all my problems and to stay out of trouble.”
“I might add you use your heart to bring joy to people who are sad.” He smiled.
“Thank you for the compliment. But…”
“Mai, I performed one of my old tricks for you. Do you not still believe me? I am Jesus. I am from Heaven. My Father is Almighty God.” He smiled.
“But, the anti-person will state those claims as well, right? Yeah, right!”
“Mia, what are the characteristics for the anti-Christ? We should test the theory to prove I am definitely not that person.”
“Yeah, let me think…” she pondered and recalled the tests that would be required to expose the anti-person.
“I am very impressed with your heavenly quotes.” Jesus smiled.
“They are your words, holy man, sir, Jesus,” she smiled.
“My words, but I do not know where they are located within the Book.”
“The book?”
“The Bible, you keep referring for my words.”
She laughed. “You quote scripture all the time. I heard you sitting here at the table.”
“I re-tell my stories, re-live my events of my words on an hourly basis based on Earth time. But I do not list the author, chapter, or verse as you do. My Father enlisted many, many people to write down information in the history book.” He said with passion.
“History book? I don’t understand. Don’t you carry around a Bible, too?”
“No need. I was there. Remember?” He chuckled.
She giggled. “You were. I forget that I’m talking to a several millions of years old man. Pun intended,” smiling.
“I am going to file that very insulting ageless remark for future reference, Mia.” He smiled.
She laughed. “Well, we seem to share the wicked sense of humor like our Father, don’t we?”
“Father, you do not mean your dad.” She shook her curls. He chuckled. “Yes, My Father as in Heaven. We do at that.”
“How old are you, holy man, a zillion years?”
“Is there really a zillion within the numbering system that My Father provided?” He smiled.
“Alright, I learned in school class that the universe began with the Big Bang Theory around 165 million years ago for the Milky Way Galaxy, the place where I live and the one Almighty God created. So, that makes you at least 165 million years of age. Right, Jesus, sir?” She smiled with the challenge.
“I believe that the scientists are referring to My Father as the Big Bang Theory.” He smiled.
“You’re going to tease me with your convoluted answers. Fine! I’ll deduce from your simply hints. You’re 165 million years old and more,” smiling.
“Based on your calculations...”
“Cool! Did you live with the cave dwellers, dinosaurs?”
“You realize these teams of life forms did not live within the same time frame on Earth.” He nodded.
“Yeah, holy man! I understand. But you were around. Did you play with T-rex as a pet?”
“No, Mia. They were. How shall I put this? Life forms in the making…”
“I thought that God Almighty was perfect,” she frowned with confusion.
He smiled. “Let me put it this way. When you bake a pan of brownies, do they turn out perfect each and every time?”
“No, some are doughy. Some are hard. Some black on bottom and some are black on top. Okay. I got it. Life forms in the making. So, you were like the assistant chef to the main chef,” she smiled.
“Exactly,” He nodded with a smile.
“So, you did communicate with cavemen using a set of hand signals or a bag of mammoth bones or both? Uoo! Did the animal skin loin cloth scratch? And did…”
“Yes to all these questions and the ones you haven’t mentally thought about.”
“Uoo! I got to know. One more question, I promise. What really happened to the dinosaurs on Earth?” She smiled with a nod.
“I can answer the question for you.” He smiled.
“Well, tell?” She bounced up and down with a smile of excitement.
“They died.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She gasped, “Brother Jesus, sir, not fair and not funny. I’ll give you more of a hint. Was it a comet? An earthquake? Shifting ice bergs? What object killed the dinos?” She slapped both hands together like a prayer, pleading with a great answer, so she could sell the new information to the academic buffs for money.
“My Father,” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“Man, you ain’t no fun. I concede,” she pouted with disappointment.
“Excellent! May I continue?”
“Okay. I remembered. In John 2:18-23…”
He frowned. “Remembered what, Mia?”
She rolled her aqua colored eyes and smiled at Jesus. “I remember the passage about the anti-Christ. We were discussing that before our jokes about you being over a zillions of years older than the moon and the stars,” giggling.
“After our humorous conversation, you still do not believe who I am and who I am not.” He said with a stern face of puzzlement.
She smiled. “Stick with the current topic, okay? In John 2:22, Christians are warned against false teachers, who will lead them astray. If the deceiver denies Jesus is the Christ, then so he/she/it will be known as the anti-Christ.”
“How are you going to demonstrate the detailed scripture, Mia?”
She paused in thought and then smiled.  “I know what to ask. Are you ready?”
“I am ready. The real question is: are you prepared for the truth?” He smiled.
“Aren’t you worried that I’m right? I guessed who you really are. Then, I’d be required to whip your fanny for being the bad dude,” she smiled and felt secure that Mia was really talking with the real and only Brother Jesus Christ.
“Never,” He smiled.
“Here goes,” she exhaled. “Do you believe in Jesus Christ, which is you? And please answer the question verbally and repeat this statement loud and clear to me: I believe in Jesus Christ. Then, I’ll be satisfied for the rest of eternity,” she hoped that she was right, since Mia had requested this important proclamation.
“I am Jesus Christ. I believe in the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. My answer is yes.” He smiled with a nod.
“I’m so happy. You answered correctly,” she smiled with a relief within her heart.
“I’m the anti-entity.” He softly chuckled.
She gasped. “No, Jesus, sir! You are my Lord and Savior, ‘The One and Only Holy Mr. Jesus Christ from Heaven. You are here to…to…”
“Excellent! I am very happy that we agree on that point. We should continue forthright, since the final question and your curiosity are both satisfied. There is a reason for my visit, especially with you, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She frowned with fear. This had to be the only logical conclusion from a visit with Brother Jesus Christ from Heaven. “I’m going to die, aren’t I? That’s the reason for your visit with me. I know it. The physician was wrong. He might be a world renowned famous surgeon. He’s over his head with my operation. He told me that my condition’s unique and usual and different. I know it. I can feel it…” she felt angry and sadness and might start crying.
“Mia, please stay calm. We addressed your question earlier. Honestly, I told you before you will not die from the medical operation scheduled for next week.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She gasped with worry, concern, and love. “My mom, is she going to die? You’re telling me in advance. I really do appreciate that Jesus, sir. But, can’t she wait and go later in life? She’s not so young, almost really old being over fifty years old, now. I know it’s old. But she’s got some more good years left in her kinda like one of the old mares at my grandma’s farm in northern Alabama? Right, Jesus, sir?” She prayed to be so wrong.
“Mia, I can honestly tell you the fate of your mom is secure. She is not going to die, today. She will live a full and very old existence on planet Earth.” He said with calmness.
She nodded with a smile of love and thoughtfulness. “Thank you, Jesus, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. I would kiss you. But that isn’t appropriate action exhibited to a super entity. I’m very grateful to hear the good news.” She gasped. “Well then, it’s my dad. He’s going to die. Right, Jesus, sir?”
“No, Mia.” He said with a stressed tone to the excited teen. “Your mom and your dad are not leaving the planet. They are staying with their families. Do you feel better?”
“Great! That’s great news. I love my parents. I don’t obey them, but I love them very, very much. I’ll be upset and crying if my mom…ya know. I love my dad. He’s not the world greatest dad, but he is my dad. I care greatly for him in my heart. He’s got those whining kids and annoying wife even thought he doesn’t see me much. He seems happy with his new family. I’m also glad he’s staying here for the time being. Yes, Jesus, sir, I do feel better,” she smiled with a nod.
“I would prefer that you call me, Jesus, and drop the ‘sir.’ I am your brother, not your master.” He smiled. “For whoever does the will of My Father in Heaven is my brother and sister and mother…”
“Matthew 12:50. Sure thing, Bro Jessie!” She grinned with mischievousness.
“Close enough!” Jesus shook his skull with a smile. “May I continue without any side comments?”
“Sorry. I’m sorry. Please, continue. I talk all the time. You’re right. God…” A gigantic horizontal golden yellow thunderbolt danced across the dull gray skies of Birmingham with a sound of a loud boom and a louder crack.” She gasped and pointed out the window. “Did you see that? That thing has been blasting across the partly sunny skies all morning.”
“My Father does not like when you say that. He is very sensitive about His name. Please, try to understand and refrain from the usage.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She pointed up to the ceiling like it was heaven with a worried brow. “Your Father? You mean Him with a capital H.”
“My Father, Your Father, Their Father, Our Father, the Big One with the capital letter of F,” He pointed up to the ceiling that also represented Heaven with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded. “I’m sorry, Bro Jessie, sir. Father, sir.” She slapped her hands tighter in the form of prayer as she was taught as a child in church.
“Mia, you should always seek an apology from the Holy Spirit and all your heavenly angels also for any sinful act of disobedience.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded with a soft tone. “Of course, I’m sorry to my heavenly angels and the Holy…”
Jesus reached over and touched her hands, pointing towards the counter. Mia looked back over a collar bone to see the people. Sitting at the food counter, there was a queen-sized girl with a set of red colored cheeks like a baby and a pair of big blue eyes, a head of short blonde colored hair, wearing a long blue sweater over a pair of white leggings and a pair of red colored knee boots.
“Say hi to Ly. She is over there sucking down on a tall cool strawberry smoothie, her favorite beverage, when we visit planet Earth.” Jesus waved at the girl with a smile. She waved back with a smile and held up the glass for a cheery welcome to Sister Mia too.
Mia swung around with a hand and a smile with a giggle, “The Holy Spirit is here with you and her name is Lee.”
“The letter of L and the letter of Y, it is shortened for the word, Holy. Do you get it now?” He softly laughed.
“Ly! Yeah, right!” She giggled. “I am so honored to see Ly, the Holy Spirit here in Birmingham, sitting on top of a stool at a donut counter. In Luke 12:12, the Holy Spirit is supposed to teach a person what to do and say as a Christian. Is that why she is here to teach people to be Christians?” Mia had quoted the information from the Holy Bible which was Ly’s role in a Christian life.
“You are partly correct, Mia.” He said with a somber tone. “Pulling out the stool is Gabriel…”
Mia giggled with a grin at the angel. “Man, he’s your head of all angels, Arch-angel Gab is visiting us also. Is Arch-angel Michael, or Mic which is shorter name, somewhere inside the coffee shop, too? I’m impressed. Gab is cute to boot,” smiling.
He gasped. “Mia…”
“Just a human observation, chill out, ‘eternity man.’” She smiled.
“I will allow the side remark to slide out of my hearing, this time.” He smiled.
“Cool! May I please meet her? In Galatians 5:22-25, the Holy Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control. If you live in the Spirit, you can walk with her. Wow! I never thought I could actually walk with Ly. Can I walk and talk with her, if I’m allowed?” She asked with respect.
“I will arrange a meeting after our discussion.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“Thanks, Bro Jessie,” she smiled.
“You are very welcome, Mia.” He nodded with a smile.
She swung around with a smile to see Jesus. “Okay. So, her last name on her driver’s license is Christian, also.”
“We are one big happy family.” He smiled.
“Family, how many of you are there within heaven?” She never had thought of angels as a family unit. They were all the family member of Brother Jesus, living and working in heaven like having many, many brothers and sisters. On the other side, Mia had studied that Brother Jesus would return back to planet Earth, coming from paradise Heaven with an army of angels for the showdown of the Apocalypse in the book of Revelations.
“I am unique, Mia.” He slightly smiled.
“How many angels are here located on planet Earth?” She smiled. A band of heavenly angels in the city of Birmingham would be disguised as an individual person, who might be drinking a strawberry smoothie or eating a pastry or doing another normal activity like a human. Mia turned and scanned the small layout of the coffee shop. Another angel could be inside the coffee shop or driving a car next to Mia or standing in line next to Mia in the grocery store.
“Oh, lots.” Jesus smiled and interrupted her daydreaming.
She turned and smiled at him. “How many are in the term lots? Is it like hundreds, millions, legions?”
“You were intrigued why I selected the middle name, Milton.” Jesus smiled.
She nodded with a smile. “Yeah, I understand the last name, Christian. That’s cool and clever. But I don’t get the connection.”
“What do you know about the man named Milton?” He asked with a serious tone.
She spat out the textbook edition where Mia had learned in school. “As I recall, Milton, John was an English writer, who penned as the set of historical books. The historical books told the world’s greatest epics which were entitled Paradise Lost in the year 1667 and Paradise Regained in the year 1671 when he was totally blind.”
“I am impressed, Mia. You are a marvel with your eidetic memory. Your ability to comprehend and recall images, sounds, and objects that you study or read with extreme precision, clarity, and abundance insight.” He smiled.
She exhaled. “Thanks, Bro Jessie. Teachers told me that my photographic mind was an asset, but I still needed to do my homework assignment for a grade. I couldn’t verbally answer the questions all the time. Geez, I really hated school.”
“You recall every colorful and detailed image of any incident or encounter with any person, place, or thing.” He smiled.
“Yeah.”
“You are very humble about your talent, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She shrugged a shoulder with a stern face. “It’s useful. I used it when I needed to do my homework assignments at school. Now days, I like being more carefree in life.”
“Your memory serves you well, working as a waitress, taking the right food plate to the right customer and placing the right ticket on the right table.” He smiled.
She sneered. “It’s a job, Bro Jessie. I do remember all my customers and get the orders right. That’s why I have a job. I do my job, right. Ya know? Lots of people don’t. Lots of people have lost their job, because of the sucky economy. I work. I work hard for my money, paying my bills and paying stuff, so I can eat and sleep and do things for people. I do nice things for people, sometimes,” huffing with swallow breathes of angry.
“I did not mean to offend you, Mia. You are very bright and resourceful. You do an excellent job as a waitress. I would like to see you use your talents for a better purpose.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She scoffed with angry. “School? You mean school, college, books, homework, tests for a career and all that other punk junk. Look here? I can take care of myself. I support myself. I don’t need you to take care of me. I don’t need anyone to take care of me. I can do it myself. Is that why you’re here to insult me?”
“No.”
She defended her angry and her simple life. “Well, get in line for the insults, buddy! A lowly waitress, my dad reminds me over and over and over, again. Every minute of the day, I am a lowly waitress. But, I earn money for me. I pay for everything, shelter, food, gas, because I work. I don’t cheat, steal, or lie. I’m an honest person...”
“Thy shall not steal.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
 She exhaled with a nod, “Yeah, Ten Commandment number seven.”
“I did not know they were numbered.” He smiled.
She laughed. “For Hollywood purposes…”
“That is stored for future reference, thank you, Mia.” He smirked.
She exhaled. “I’m honest, truth-worthy, hard-working…”
“How about the incident in Florida, Mia?” He asked with curiosity and intrigue.
“Florida?” She gasped and stared into his eyeballs that revealed the sorrow of her youth and the story of her short teen life.
“You were fourteen years old…”
“Now, I get it.” she tossed both arms into the air with a sour frown. “You want a priestly confession from me. I’m Catholic, right. Geez! You came down all the way from beautiful Heaven to forgive me with my sins and a personal visit on trashy planet Earth. Classy act, Bro Jessie! This has got to be a new one for the history books, ya’ll,” laughing rudely.
“I had not seen you in My Father’s temple, lately? I thought it was a good plan.” He smirked.
She gasped. “I work. Okay. I’m required to work on Sundays which doesn’t leave time for church. Okay. So, you came down for this. Okay. Alright, I confess. I did it. In Florida, I stole the pair of fake ruby clip earrings and the box of cigarettes from the department store when I was fourteen years old for fun, for a joke. There, I confessed. So, punish me! In my own defense, I didn’t mean for the joke to go so far,” she exhaled and mentally prepared for her punishment from Brother Jesus.
“I saw everything, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She huffed with deep emotions. “Of course, you’re omnipotent. You were there. You heard my confession then. So why are you giving me the twenty questions, Bro Jessie?”
“You did not really steal the box of cigarettes. Your friend Nina dropped them down into your open purse before both of you were detained by the pair of security guards. Then you were questioned by the store manager.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded. “You’re right. I stole only the earrings for fun. Nina took the cigarettes. I saw her remove the box of cigarettes from the stand. Stealing is stealing. I stole. Okay, I did it. I confessed. I broke lots of commandments that day, stealing, lying, cheating. Look! It didn’t matter at all. The stolen property was the earrings or the cigarettes. I stole. Thanks for reminding me of my sin years ago. I’m sorry. Please, forgive me. I guess we’ve done. I have to leave for work, the lowly waitress job.”
“You covered the lie for your friend Nina.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded. “With friends like that I da…da…darn for sure don’t need enemies, do I?” Mia laughed.
He smiled, “You were very…” 
“Humble. No, I was stupid with a capital S. I still remember the room and the smell of sweat and body odor as the police officers, two store managers, and a team of fat mall security guards. Each one questioned me like I had murdered a baby. I was fourteen years old, not an infant, but a young kid. I did it for fun, not to start a crime wave. Nina, she looked so sad and started to cry. I felt sorry for her. I was shocked when the store manager emptied out my purse as the stolen fake ruby clip earrings and the unopened pack of cigarettes tumbled out onto the table. I knew then that I was in big bad trouble. My dad was a lawyer and Italian and Catholic all rolled into one. He was going to be furious at me. He was my dad. He did love me, back then. He got me off with the small time crime. I was a minor. The police couldn’t do much expect juvenile court and hours of discipline. My dad told care of that.
“However, I knew cigar and cigarette smoking is against the law for minors and selling tobacco contents would get the store manager in trouble. The manager had no choice but to file stealing charges against me to the police, and then allow the judge to toss the book at me. Holy man, I learned my lessons too late on that one.”
“Do it heartily as to the Lord and not to men, knowing you will receive the award of the inheritance of Heaven for you to serve Christ. But, he who does wrong will be repaid for what he has done and there is no partiality.” He quoted with a serious timber.
“Colossians 3:23-25. I did do wrong. I paid for it,” she nodded.
“You stole the merchandise and admitted to both crimes while being loyal to Nina. You do not know this historical fact. Nina never stole another item in her life. She graduated high school, took a job, married a nice man, and has three rowdy kids. Your fib saved her a life of abuse and misuse, Mia. Her dad was not understanding of the stealing incident. She was not innocent. She lied to her dad to cover her sin. Nina thinks about you and wonders how you turned out sometime during her days. You risked everything to help a friend in need. I admire that trait very much, Mia.” He said with a soft tone and a smile.
She mumbled with a pained response. “Glad, I could display that behavior at least once in my life. The incident changed my entire life. I grow up fast at fourteen years old.”
“The criminal action ruled by the federal judge sentenced you to Reform School...”
She exhaled. “In a kinder term, I was jailed. I was fourteen, not four. My dad explained that I was old enough to decide between right and wrong. The judge agreed with him. My dad fought to get me out of the situation and compromised by dumping me in a private girls’ school or a Reform School for criminal students or an alterative schooling for the academic imparted or a home for troubled teenagers. Call it what you want. I was canned and storage like a piece of dead tuna fish.”
“Tuna fish, is that a reference to me, Mia?” He smiled.
She gasped, “No, Bro Jessie. I have not always been the honest, upstanding, and hard-working girl that you see, before you. I lied and cheated and stole everything piece of dollar, trinket, and food item that I could from my parents, other teen’s parents, and my grandparents during the time at age fourteen, before I was caught and sent up the river as they say,” she smiled at her reckless and careless teen past.
“You were angry, confused, and suspicious.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded. “That is an interesting term you used suspicious. I was suspicious of everyone.”
“Suspicious of your dad…”
She frowned, “Yeah, my Daddy-dearest., he used my juvenile crime against me, well, more against my mom. He accused her of raising me like a wild monkey in the jungles of South America. He was so unreasonable and underhanded. We moved from Florida to Alabama in one week, after my conviction and before my sentencing to the Reform Home for a gang of troubled girl teens. We left my birth state to move here. My mom quit her good job to be near my prison, while I was serving my time for my war crimes. My dad, by some miracle or evil magic, got a law job quicker than quicksilver here in Birmingham, so I didn’t have to go to a real teen jail in Miami, Florida.”
“That was very nice of your dad.” He smiled.
She sneered with fury. “Hel...heck, no. He divorced my mom within six weeks. He blamed her for my misguided nasty behavior and then tossed my butt into Reform School. I was trapped. I didn’t see anyone but walls and other students. My mom was so hurt and abandoned and ashamed about her motherly actions. She is a good person and a great mom. She deserved some much better than him and me.”
“I concur with you, Mia. Your mom is a wonderful mother and a good Christian. She understood all the legal and illegal actions that transpired between you, your dad, and the court system. You must give her more credit for her faith.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded. “Of course, she accepted and understood the legal situation. My mom is a saint to me.”
“Do you understand the definition of a saint, Mia?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She frowned. “I’m explaining her in a figurative sense, Bro Jessie. She’s very, very special to my heart. I love her and plan to take care of my mom for the rest of her days on planet Earth like a good kind loving daughter. Obey your mom!” She giggled.
“I believe one of the Ten Commandments states to obey your parents, Mia. You have two of them.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“I do. My dad is ‘on his own.’ He’s got a wife to care for his sorry buttonhole for leaving me in jail at fourteen years old.”
“I am not going to comment about you and your dad’s relationship. Your mom is respected in Heaven by My Father and her angels.” He smiled.
She smiled, “Happy to hear that good news! Hey! You told me that you came here to visit for a reason. If that reason isn’t me, then it’s my mama. She isn’t going to die, is she?” She was immediately worried and concerned.
“I can say with sincere honesty not for a long time, Mia.” He smiled.
She frowned. “Hey! Time’s infinite for you, Bro Jessie. That’s a trick reply, holy man.”
“Good point, Mia! Your mom is not leaving planet Earth for a while. Does that answer please your neurons and your heart?” He smiled.
She grinned. “Yeah, that is a better answer. I’m happy. So, it is my dad’s time…”
“Your dad has time for what purpose, Mia? I do not understand the inquiry.” He looked puzzled.
She exhaled. “You know the time, the end of the time?”
“I am afraid that I have missed the point of the topic again. I know exactly the time. The time is precisely 11: 02 am. How does this impact your dad?” He asked with a confused expression.
She exhaled. “He’s going to kick the bucket, right? Heart attack, I’d guess. Since my dad is heavily overweight, too much eating, partying, and the beer bottles. My grandmother lectures him all the time about his health and exercise.”
“You are mistaken of my intent, Mia. Your dad is not going to die. I believe that we have covered this topic nineteen minutes and thirty-two seconds ago. May we continue, Mia!” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She rolled both hands with a stern face. “Okay. Not me. Not Mama. Not Dad. Then it is my grandparent or one of them. They’re ancient in their eighties or more. You’re here for one of them, right? Their time to pass to Heaven…”
“Your grandparents are in the last part of the earthly realm, where a medical disease or an ailment could overtake a biological life easily. You are correct, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded. “Just said it out loud, my grandmother or my grandma, which one is it? I can handle the truth.”
He smiled, “Neither one at this time, Mia. May I continue our other conversation?”
She frowned. “Well, I’m running out of relatives, so it must be a cousin or aunt or uncle...”
“Mia, please cease with the death sentences. You are making me very nervous.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She laughed, “Sorry, I talk a lot.”
“I remember very well. Maybe, I should take over the discussion thread now.” He smiled.
She pointed at him with a smile and a nod. “Shoot! Go for it. What do you got to tell me, Bro Jessie?”
“Regarding the incident with the stolen items, the criminal action required your admission to Reform School…”
“Home…”
“Home…” He frowned with confusion.
“The prison guards and prisoners called the school ‘the Home’ for short. It was easier to say then the reform school. It was the home for troubled teens and any other longed winded names.”
He nodded with a smile. “Thank you for the clarification. You were sent to the Home for many reasons besides the criminal act. There was an internal motive which you did not understand.”
She gasped, “Really, what internal motive from whom? The judge? The police? The store manager?”
“Your dad…”
“My dad had another M.O. out for me. For what?” She frowned with hurt and angry.
“He was having a martial affair with a single co-worker.”
She gasped, “No sh…poopie.”
“You do not seem surprised.”
She nodded. “I suspected. I was suspicious of him in a way. I didn’t tell my mom. She was upset with all that was going on especially with me and the police. Geez! I was so young and stupid, back then. If I mentioned any nasty thing about my dad, then she didn’t believe it. I didn’t have any evidence from spying on him back then.”
“You were not told by your grandmother.” He inquired with concern.
She frowned, “Heck, no! That’s why he divorced my mom to keep all his secrets secret and my person behind a locked door without a door key inside the Home. Now, I know and I plan to do something about it like...like tomorrow. Just wait until I confront that man. There is no fury like a woman scorned.”
“Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord.”
She stood upright from the booth and tossed both arms with a smile and a nod. “Romans 12:19. Yeah, holy man! Awesome! That passage is my favorite quote in the Bible, holy man. So powerful, so strong, so deadly,” she laughed out loud thinking about her dad and all his heavenly sins.
“Please, sit down, Mia. You are embarrassing me here,” He said softly with a stern face.
She slid back down into the booth and parked both hands on top of the table surface with a grin. “Sorry, Bro Jessie! I got excited again. Those words are me, but that’s how I feel about lots of stuff including my dad.”
“The wrath of Almighty God is revealed from Heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who suppress the truth in unrighteousness.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“Romans 1:18,” she nodded with a smile.
He exhaled. “Mia, all people of sin are objects of My Father’s attention and subject to eternal punishment. Please, do not find your young self there. Because you desire retribution on your biological dad? Let My Father handle His affairs at His own pace and time.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded with a grin. “Yeah, be warned! Beware! Be me, sweet nice me. I got it, Bro Jessie,” she tried to think of all the revenge mental thoughts of the Almighty God inside Heaven.
He exhaled. “Mia, you should not assume you understand My Father’s purpose of wrath. You should heed your own good deeds and avoid evil thoughts and wicked motives.”
“Don’t judge me or my feelings, Bro Jessie,” she frowned.
“Judge not, ye be not judged.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“Matthew 7:1. So, that means you ain’t judging me. I don’t understand.”
“I will allow you to puzzle it out. To finish the tag line, the young lady involved with your dad was moving back to the US State of Alabama. He wanted to go with her.”
She frowned. “You’re judging my Dad, Bro Jessie.”
“I am stating facts and truths that you were not aware of which led to your intense formal schooling and your nasty and uncontrollable temperaments and outrageous behavior. I am alerting you to past mistakes which had incurred by all parties who were involved. I hope one day this information is useful in healing your deep scarred emotions and stabilize your well-being.” He nodded with a smile of care.
“Fine. You’re helping me heal. I appreciate it. You know more than any other supernatural entity that I need help mentally, physically, and financially and other ‘other-ly’ things. Okay. You’re tattling, not judging. Tattle some more to me?” She smiled with a nod.
“Did you not figure out the birthdates of the twins?”
She frowned, “Duh, holy man! I was in lock down at my new school. I got two visitors each weekend, my mom on Saturday and my dad on Sunday. That’s it. I love my mom, but her life is really dull and boring. My dad only questioned my academic grades and reprimanded me on my poor school performance over and over again. O. He reminded me how much the darn school was costing him in money, the material possession that does not come with you into heaven. Like I give a rat’s…uh whiskers about,” giggling.
He frowned. “The twins were born eight months after you moved from Florida.”
“Holy cr…”
“Mia…” He scolded.
“Holy cow patties, Robin,” she yelled out loud with a giggle.
“You must curtail your creative axioms, Mia. Some people might not find them as highly entertaining like me.” He said with a stern tone, smiling slowly.
She nodded. “Sorry! I didn’t know about those medical facts. I was more concerned about my, me, and mine personal welfare, since I had lost my freedom, privileges, and private bedroom. My dad argued. Nope, not correct! He informed the judge that he would enroll me into a private girl’s school which would cure me of my juvenile delinquentisms of stealing, cheating, lying, smoking, and drinking.”
“These habits at age fourteen are not healthy for any young person on the planet of Earth.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded.  “Yeah, well, I was locked down in a building that was surrounded by rows of chicken wire and barded steel points with no cell phone, no internet, no television, no music, no computers, no cars, no Dee Dee’s Hamburgers, no ice cream shops, no jewelry, no makeup, no finger nail polish, no lipstick, no friends, and finally no boys. In exchange, I got tons of homework, studying, books and lots more homework on top of that. Then I received punishment for not studying and doing my tons of homework. Guess what? That didn’t work to change my evil ways either. So take that ya sorry farting pooping drooling dog…”
“I hope you are not referring to me, Mia.” He slightly grinned.
She exhaled, “No, my dad is the harsh subject matter.”
“You obeyed the school rules and administrators.”
She exhaled. “Of course, I did. I had no choice. I adjusted to survive. I got mad. I quit eating. I yelled, screamed, fought, and then get punished. Then I give up.”
“You adjusted to your new life. You fit in very well, acting as a counselor for the new girls, singing in the choir joyous songs to My Father, all the heavenly angels, Ly, Gab and me. You have a beautiful singing voice which is alive and harmonious. You could give the cherubim’s a run for the money, Mia.” He smiled.
She smiled. “Thank you, Bro Jessie. Your personal compliment means a lot to me.”
“Mia, I had witnessed how your immediate family members treated you. They are not an affectionate bunch of people.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“Hit that one on the nail with the hammer. No hugging. No touching. No kissing. No love. It was hollow and empty, except for my mom. She hugged and kissed my cheeks until I was red with embarrassment. She told me every day that I was her smart, beautiful, little angel-girl, always and forever, writing me letters and giving me little tiny gifts of her love at the Home.” A tear shined within her right eyeball. Mia reached up and wiped it away with the gloved hand with a smile. “My mom is the only person that really loves and cares for me and my nasty habits which I am truly sorrow for that I had committed at the age of fourteen years old.”
“You learned more about yourself inside the Home than you care to admit, Mia.” He offered with a tender smile.
“I was really mad at first, then sorry and then really wanted to change my ways. I had nothing to do but think and study. I enjoyed reading, writing poetry, singing songs, riding horses, raising crops and tending to the livestock. I enjoyed farming working with my hands.”
“You are born to be a gifted artist.” He smiled.
She smiled. “I enjoyed singing and started back drawing and painting. The school sold some of my art work to the local businesses to help raise money for the Home and the girls.”
“In additional to art drawing, you learned other new talents at the Home.” He smiled.
“I guess…” she shrugged a shoulder and didn’t want to discuss her past memories of the action and adventures at the Home.
“I was referencing the new languages. You survived your initial trauma to learn to speak French, Spanish, German, some Latin and Hebrew in additional to English. All those languages are valuable assets for any person.” He smiled.
“Do you need me to translate a document for you, Bro Jessie?” She winked with a smile.
“I do not have any translation job today, but I will take a rain check.” He smiled.
“Sure thing,” she laughed.
“When you were released…”
“At the age of eighteen years old. God…” She shouted with joy, remembering her freedom from jail. A gigantic horizontal golden yellow thunderbolt danced across the dull gray skies of Birmingham with a loud boom and a louder crack.
“Mia!”
She cringed. “Sorry! I am so sorry to you, Bro Jessie, Almighty God, Ly, Gab, all my heavenly angels. I just got excited and forgot.”
“You are forgiven. But please be more respectful to authorities, especially the ones above your head.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She smiled with a nod, “Yes sir. Back to our topic, on my birthday at eighteen years old, I get my ‘get of jail free’ card and fled the prison building.”
He exhaled. “And then you abandoned your family.”
She tossed both palms into the air with a sour frown, “Hey, holy man! Correction there! They abandoned me first and left me to rot inside a teen jail for four years of my short life. I didn’t know about the outside world, except what I was spoon-fed from the teaching religious staff, most of it was their church rules. How I had sinned and how I was going to pay for my sins and how I was going to be forgiven for my sins and how I was going to start a new fresh life without sins.”
“You did not believe the information from the church elders.”
She exhaled. “I don’t cave into my emotions of hate and angry. I believe with my heart, my soul, and my mind in you, Bro Jessie, Almighty God, Ly, Gab, all the heavenly angels, baddy Satan and his nasty helper demons. Or I wouldn’t be having this heavenly conversation with you.”
“What happened to you after graduating the Home?”
She gasped. “What’s your beef, holy man? Nothing happened. I got out. I got no monies. I got a used car from my mom, thou. And I got a job to get money for stuff. I worked making a living for myself. Didn’t you see me down from heaven?”
“Man goes forth to work and labor until the evening.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“Psalm 104:23. I started working a descent job as a lowly waitress, since I was eighteen years old. That’s legal for a woman within Alabama and the other forty-nine US States here in America. Since, my mom couldn’t afford my bad habits and my dad rejected me and my wicked ways.”
“These ways were stealing, cheating, lying, alcohol, smoking…”
“Alcohol and cigarettes ain’t sinful acts, Bro Jessie,” she frowned.
“Illegal acts within the US State of Alabama for a young girl only eighteen years of age are illegal, Mia. You could have gotten your mom arrested. Did you know that criminal fact, Mia?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She exhaled. “Yeah, I did. Back then, I was doing all of that. Is it a crime? Not for me, I’m a minor. Is it a deadly sin? Well, only you can judge me for that. Are you now judging me? So be it. I confess. I did all of it for fun and giggles when I left reform school on the day of my eighteenth birthday or for being mean. Pick one? There, you got your answer. Look. I’m leaving now. I have errands to do,” she stood upright from the booth with a stern face, ending the final conversation about her past teen activities, wrong or right.
“Mia, I am not going to judge you. Please, sit down. I am more curious about you and your life. That is all. The best information comes straight from the horse’s mouth. Did I not get the axiom correct?” He slightly smiled.
She slid back down into the booth with a stern face. “Yes, you did. What of it? That was two years ago. I am different now.” She felt awful yelling at Brother Jesus Christ, who had flown down maybe on wings from Heaven to help her and her sorry teen life.
“I am asking a simple question of what happened to you after reform school.” He smiled.
She exhaled with a nod. “Well, I walked out of the Home with my mom collecting me, one suitcase, and two boxes of my personal gear. She drove me to my new home very excited about me starting the junior college near her place.”
“You did not seem excited about the prospect of going to college, continuing your post-education which could have led to a better job and a happy life.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She exhaled, “Hey, holy man! For the record, I had a happy teen life before the prison sentence. To answer your nosy question, I wanted to do some fun things like party hardy, eat fast food, learn to drive a car, meet new people, date boys, and live like a true teen where I couldn’t be inside the Home behind the rows of chicken wire with a set of sharp barded steel points. Do I mention the rows of chicken wire with the tabs of sharp barded steel points? Yeah, I did twice.”
“After your mom brought you home…”
She exhaled, “Awful, just misery for me! I didn’t realize how good I had it before prison life when we were a so-called family unit living in Florida. I lived a princess life with lots of friends, my landline, my cell phone, my computer, my stuff, my bedroom, my bed with the ruffles and bows that my mom had picked out for her only child. I had it made. When I came back to my new home, it was different. My dad took everything from my mom, including the house, the furniture, the electronics, the big screen television plasma, the dishes, the linens, his car, his boat, his tools, his and her everything. My mom only grabbed a single bed mattress, a folding card table, and two metal folding chairs, her used computer, her worn clothes and her books and her cats.”
He smiled. “I believe there was her vehicle.”
“She took her old rusty van while my dad stole the speeding boat, his truck, and his sports car and then he cashed it in for money. They split the bank accounts which wasn’t much money due to my dad’s ginormous appetite for burning money without permission. He almost bankrupted them.”
“Good thing, My Father helped her get the divorce from your dishonesty dad.” He smiled.
She shook her curls with a confused brow. “I don’t know, holy man. My mom lost her home, her husband, her job and her daughter in one day. Once the house was sold, my dad grabbed the money and me and was gone, out of there. My mom was ‘on her own’ and by herself. She was all alone in this big world, without help or me.” she exhaled with a smile. “But not any more, I’m here to stay. Do you understand that? I’m going to help my mom that’s my job as her daughter.”
“She managed well.” He smiled with a nod.
“Heck, fire! My mom drove sixteen hours by herself to Birmingham in her used mini-van with the four cats and all her little possessions that fit in the vehicle.”
“Lucky, it was a van, not a sports car.” He smiled.
“You’re missing my point, holy man. She was striped like a criminal for nothing. She didn’t do anything wrong but marry that …that mad dog.”
“Correct me, if I am wrong? I thought the term ‘dog’ was a good adjective that was used by a teenage to describe a person of honor and honesty. When you apply the term to your dad, it does not have the connotations as good? I get the impression it means bad like a bad dog, a mad dog, son of a dog...”
“What, holy man?” She laughed.
“I am asking the meaning of the phrase that you used a few seconds ago ‘mad dog,’ Mia.” He frowned with confusion.
“Holy man, you’re more mixed up than I. Okay. Here’s the scoop or poop, in this case,” she giggled, “Dog is another word for buddy, scout, dude, holy man. It really doesn’t have any positive or negative meaning. I’ll explain in layman or in this case layteen’s terms.”
He nodded with a smile. “I have noted that the word dog is associated with a male. Does that mean a female is called doggie in comparison?”
She laughed out loud, “No, Bro Jessie. It’s just plain dog, male or female.”
He exhaled. “Weird! I am still learning the dynamic and uncontrolled minds of teenagers in today’s society. I think that I need more guidance.”
I offer with a smile. “Tell you what? I can help you with any type of translation into one or more creative teen verbiage that you need for the day. How’s that?”
“Excellent, Mia! I accept your kind proposal. Should we continue our initial conversation?” He smiled.
She nodded with a smile. “Okay. My mom survived the divorce from my dad, the move from Florida to Alabama, and my imprisonment at the Home. Her highlight was seeing me each week and that was mine as well to see her. But inside the Home, I didn’t know her situation.”
“You were told the details of the divorce.”
“It was barely mentioned in passing by my dad while I was inside the Home, so I didn’t think about the consequences that I had caused to my Mama, until I saw…”
“What did you witness?”
She exhaled. “Her small apartment, when I moved back home with her on my eighteenth birthday, the day she got me of the Home.  The place was called a studio home. Ha! The entire room was six hundred feet square with a cubby inside the wall corner for an oven, a tiny refrigerator, an upright wall unit with a washer and a dryer. There were two bedrooms on each end with one bathroom. We had one bathroom to share with two people.”
“Some people have less. You had your very own bedroom.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She gasped with a nod. “Yeah, I did. I have a mattress without a set of leg frames that sat flat on top of the worn and old carpet. I received a single upright tub of two plastic drawers for my clothes. We had a short sofa and two sitting chairs with one side table inside the single living room.”
“I do believe that was a comfortable living arrangement for two people.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“She let me pick out a set of new dishes and a set of new curtains over the single window, when I came back home while she ate on a set of paper plates as a surprise for my homecoming.”
“Your mom is sweet to you.” He smiled.
“I know that. My point, we were a family unit in Florida, not now. My mom suffered for it, not my dad.”
“Did you not share a room at the girl’s home?” He smiled.
“Holy s…”
“Mia!” He frowned.
“Holy sugar cubes, Batman! I shared everything, including the room, the clothes, the food, no sweets, the toothpaste, and the bathroom, except for my academic tests. No cheating or the wrath of punishment from somebody less than you, Bro Jessie,” she laughed.
“You did not need to cheat on your work assignments.” He smiled.
She reached up and touched her temple with a smile. “I’m smart just like my dad. He claims credit for it, but I know that I got my massive neurons from my mama. She’s the real genius in the family. If only she attended law school, instead…”
“Did you expect that your new place would be different in Alabama?”
“I did. I was more shocked. My mom didn’t mention to me how hard her job was or how much she earned.”
“Home is where the heart is.” He smiled.
She gasped with a puzzled brow. “Is that a quote in the Holy Bible? I don’t recall the chapter and verse, Bro Jessie.”
“I saw the Hollywood movie film with the same title on the television screen.” He smiled.
She gasped. “You actually watch a television screen with a television program.”
“When I have time...”
She laughed. “You have an infinite amount of time, what is that supposed to mean, Bro Jessie?”
“Was your person shocked by your humbled mom or her humbled apartment?” He smiled.
She gasped. “I was stunned that she had been betrayed by my dad and left to fin for herself in this harsh rude world. I visited him, step mom, and the step twins…”
“Mia, these twin babies are your half-blood brothers.” He smiled.
“And on the same day that I exited paradise, my dad didn’t let me enter his mansion. I stood at the front door, talking to him as the step-twins tried to escape outdoors to play in the yard of his big three thousand square foot house with a twenty-four hour recording camera that was mounted on his palace over the middle of the three garages. There is a swimming pool and a bell tower in the loft which is very tacky. My dad informed me about the working and recoding camera, in case I wanted to break inside his palace.”
“I remembered that day too, Mia.” He nodded.
“I could care less about his palace house. I was interested in my personal bank account which had been accumulating, since I was one hour and one day old. I wanted the dough for my mom and my future.”
“Money makes the world go around,” he smiled.
She gasped with a confused brow. “That’s not a Bible quote, Bro Jessie.”
He nodded with a smiled. “I read it inside a crime thriller novel by an author pen named Ela. Her book is entitled Tom, The Quartet. I had checked out the novel from the free public library.”
“You josh? Do you read also?” She gasped.
“I enjoy reading between work sessions.” He smiled.
She frowned. “Do you work, Bro Jessie?”
“I am a working entity.” He smiled with sincerity.
She nodded with a laugh. “Well, welcome to the work force, buddy! I work, not as an entity, but a lowly waitress now and probably forever until the end of time.”
“There is no end of time, Mia.” He grinned.
“Until, I drop dead from working,” she winked.
“That works.” He smiled.
“Good for me, too,” she smiled. “That night, my dad informed me with no big elegant words that my personal bank account was gone. Zappo. Nada. Zero dollars. The monies had been used to keep me imprisoned with food and clothes for four long and hard years. I wasn’t a tiny tea leaf trust fund baby anymore.”
“Were you mad?”
“Yeah, I was furious like a stinging wasp. I stomped back home and tattled to my mom the bad news. Informing her, we were going to get a lawyer and sue him for everything, including that house, these cars, that swimming pool, and maybe the custody of these step-twins. Alas! My mom merely expressed no surprise at my dad’s actions and to let it go.”
“Did you follow the wise advice of her mom, Mia?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She frowned. “Heck fire, no. I was out money. She was out happiness. She spent her entire life working for him. They were married for six years, before I came along and then a total of twenty years, before my dad called it quits within their happy marriage. I was upset. My mom was so calm and comforting to me about my loss.”
“Mia.”
“I know. You’re ready to quote The Holy Bible. Allow me. ‘Lay not upon yourselves the treasures upon Earth, but Heaven’ which comes from Matthew 6:19. It hurt. It just hurt with a pain in my heart right here. I was betrayed by all my family.”
“What Holy Words did your mom quote and tell you, Mia?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“’Who is slow to wrath is of great understanding.’ Proverbs 14:29.”
“He is hasty of spirit shows folly.” He smiled.
She nodded with a smile. “My mom talked with you, Bro Jessie, Your Father, and the boat load of heavenly angels and then she decided to forgive and forget as cited in Matthew 6:12.”
“I was searching for something a little deeper. Mia.” He nodded.
“My mom forgave everyone including her formal husband, her family, his family, all the family members on the tree trunk. Who by the way treated my mom worse than a working whore?”
“I will ignore that language, this time, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded, “Sure thing.”
“Forgive one another as I forgave you.” He quoted from the Holy Bible.
She nodded. “That Bible passage comes from Colossians 3:13. So my mom forgave them. In the Home, I didn’t understand until I got out and saw how she lived inside a small apartment while her family was close to assist her. But they didn’t.”
“Your mom elected not to ask.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She yelled with angry. “Her family treated my mom like cr…cow patties. Telling her how ashamed they were of her failed marriage and her failed motherhood. Didn’t forgive them!”
“None deserves forgiveness.” He quoted from scripture.
She yelled with fury. “Darn right! Psalms 130:3 and 4.”
“Maybe, the family did not understand the delicate situation, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She growled “Ha! Her family created the situation.”
“How did you reach that conclusion, Mia?” He frowned.
She exhaled. “Her family never liked, much less loved, my dad. He wasn’t good enough for the family. The family was more than a modest middle class life style which was inherited from their kinfolks, including the land, the farm crops, the livestock, the old houses, the older antiques. You know the old stuff. How can any person compete with long term roots, especially in the South? The family despised my dad and his blood inside me. Since, I inherited his name and his height and his brains...”
“I do not comprehend your explanation, Mia.” He frowned.
She exhaled. “Her family knew that trouble was brewing with my dad about his sexual affair and the forthcoming step-twin babies. Her family insisted that my mom leave him. But my mom didn’t follow that reasoning or the made-up plan. Her family wanted my mom to divorce him first, move back to Alabama, bringing me with her, changing our last name, dress, and manner and to never see my dad again.”
“That is an amazing story. How did you figure all of that out?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She smiled. “I want snooping, once I got out of prison to my grandparents. Confession is good for the soul, right? James 5:16.”
“What did you do with all the gathered evidence?” He frowned.
She exhaled. “I took and told everything to my mom. I was going to obtain a lawyer charging my dad with fraud and harassment. I had hard copy proof of his bank statements, letters and…”
“What did she tell you?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She frowned. “You know what my mom said. You saw it from Heaven too. My mom asked me to forget the past and concentrate on the future, my future that I only mattered now, not yesterdays. I was so confused and befuddled. I didn’t want to let it go. I didn’t want to upset her. I wanted to give her back the past that she had lost. I wanted to fix it. I couldn’t. No matter how hard I thought about it.”
“She gave you more advice.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She nodded. “My mom didn’t blame anyone for her losses. She was upset at the beginning after moving, the surprise divorce, and me going into the Home. My mom spent her free time praying, studying her Bible, going to church, listening to her heart, instead of her head which eased her angry and shock.”
“She found faith and courage.” He smiled.
She waved a gloved hand with a sour frown. “Yeah, yeah, faith and courage are earned by one’s self, not hanging onto the short or long apron strings.”
“Well said, Mia! Your mom taught you a valuable lesson about life and love. I am grateful you shared this with me.” He smiled.
“I exchanged my angry and fury into faith and courage and decided to take up the offer of college,” she giggled with a smirk.
He frowned. “Ah! You performed a con job on your parents.”
She smiled. “I fooled both my mom and my dad.”
“Shame on you, Mia!” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She exhaled. “I regretted the act. I’m very shameful now, but not then. I wasn’t ready for more tests, more books, more studying. I was sick to death of it. So, I betrayed her.”
“Ouch!”
“Yeah, I pretended to go along with her ideas of school, studying and working together.”
“What did you expect to accomplish without training for a job?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“I was out to accomplish nothing. I wanted to do things my way.”
“Your way got you in the wrong way.”
She laughed. “I guess so. I started with good intentions, not to deceive anyone. But my mom gave me a great idea. She suggested that I audit my first college class. I didn’t know what the term meant. I asked my dad. He explained in his usual exact and long winded manner. So, I did exactly as he told. I enrolled and registered for a math class at the junior college. I took the required mid-term and final test with bad grades, since I didn’t study the text. And I didn’t fail the class.”
“You did not pass, either, Mia.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“I audited it just like my dear dad told me. For once in my life, I obeyed his orders. So I didn’t get a grade or kicked out of college.”
“How long have you been auditing your college courses?”
She frowned. “Do I have to answer that question?”
“I will answer it for you, two years.”
She smiled, “Right-o, Bro Jessie. I whined and complained the classes were harder than the wimpy reform school which my dad brought hook, line, and sinker. Since my dad was paying for the cheap school. It’s dirt cheap for him.”
“After you repeated the math class six times…”
“Naw, I audit a different class each time. I sit through all kinds of courses, such like, math, science, history, literature, Spanish, without bad or good grades…”
“Without college credit…”
“Well, my dad quit nagging me about the lack of grades and I quit telling him. He just pays the tuition and I attend for free and enjoy it.”
“Your dad has a set of deep interior motives, again.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She smiled. “You’re so cool being omnipotent. Yeah, he does. It took a while for me to figure it out. But he gets a big tax break on his company benefits, if all his children are students with the help of my grandmother’s gossip of her children’s lives.”
“I would propose scamming his employer.”
“You would know better than I. But I get free health insurance along with the scam and I enjoy the classes, since there’s no pressure of studying and tests.”
“What does your mom say?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She frowned. “Well, she wasn’t happy about it. She couldn’t stop it. I’m an adult. My dad is a bigger adult. But she justified it by reminding me that I can start getting college credit next quarter.”
“Are you going to start next quarter?” He grinned.
“Can I address that later?”
He smiled. “We will rotate back.”
“Thanks!”
“How did all those good intentions lead you into becoming homeless?” He smiled.
“I’m not homeless,” she frowned.
“Have you always lived in a house or an apartment or the Home?”
“I’m not homeless. I rent a small apartment. I pay my rent each month with cash from my money tips at work as a lowly waitress. I never ask my mommy or my daddy for money. I work. I have a job. I pay for my apartment.”
“I am sorry, Mia. I did not intend to be insensitive to you. I will drop the subject.”
“I’m not mad. There are lots of people without homes and places to live and eat and sleep. The topic is sad, tragic, and scary for lots of folks. I feel bad for the homeless. They don’t have any shelter, sometimes no food and no money to get food and no body to help them.”
“You gave away your twenty-dollar bill to the homeless man, last week.” He smiled.
She nodded. “I saw him huddling by the entrance door at the fast food restaurant. I purchased a box of food and give him money. The weather was freezing cold and raining. He looked so skinny and hungry.”
“You gave him the last bits of money inside your wallet, a twenty-dollar bill. The five-dollars for the food and ten-dollar bill for him for personal needs, the remainder left you with five dollars for gas money for the car, where the gas level was nearing empty. You had completed your work shift for the day and paid your rent, electricity, and water bills while you had one dollar and twenty-three cents inside your bank account and very little food inside the freezer for yourself. Lastly, you give him a towel from the car.” He smiled.
She exhaled. “I felt so guilty and so sad. He doesn’t have proper shelter from the cold or a plate of hot food for his tummy or a blanket for warmth. He looked so sad and so broken. I have so much more. The towel was dirty and worn, but okay. I guess. I mean. I have a place, warm and toasty and food and a car and I can work my job as waitress, using my car. And he can’t…” she wiped the tears of sadness for the homeless man.
He said softly “Mia, I compliment you on your good deed as a Christian. Why are you crying?”
“I…sorry…” she sniffed back up the snot from her nostrils. “I lied to you. I was homeless, also. I didn’t have food or shelter. My mom kicked me out onto the streets from being mean and lying to her. She wouldn’t forgive me for my evil acts. She left me to fin for myself. I was shocked and surprised. I lived inside my old car, but I was so scared. I had no food and little money. The good thing was the weather was hot, not cold,” she sobbed with tears and wiped her face of sad memories.
“You were not lonely, either.” He smiled.
“I had friends, not good friends. But so-called friends, who let me take a shower and gave me bits of food and some laughs, until I could get money for a motel room.”
“Why did you happen to become homeless?”
She wiped the tears with a deep sigh. “My mom had three house rules for minors. No smoking cigarettes. No drinking alcoholic. No sex.”
“These sound like a set of simple rules for a wild teenager.”
She laughed with regret. “Yeah, she forgot to tell me embedded inside the rules there were other rules. No cheating. No lying. No stealing.”
“I do not understand.” He frowned.
“I consumed the alcohol drinks, smoked the cigarettes, and enjoyed sex. I covered up those three things by cheating on my sex partner, lying to my mom, and stealing the cigarettes.”
“I guess those simple rules come be applied to every household in Birmingham.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“The simple rules could be applied to ever house in Alabama, the USA and the entire world. I learned really fast that people get mad when you cheat, steal, and lie to them, not just my mom and my dad.”
“Your swift lesson should be taught to every young teenager.” He smiled.
She smiled. “Yeah, well, I’m a teenager. You can’t tell me anything, without me learning the hard way. I have a hard head when it comes to authority facts and figures, literally.”
“You changed for the better that I can see.”
She smiled. “I have changed. I gave my money to the poor man for food, not for brownie points with you or Your Father. I did it, because I wanted to help. I don’t understand why his family doesn’t help him.”
“His name is Harry Evans. He lives at 27th Street and 14th Avenue here in Birmingham. His telephone number is 5556748,” he smiled.
“Who is Harry Evans?” She frowned.
“The homeless guy you fed the other evening.”
She gasped. “What! Do you know him, the homeless man? You let him hang out in the cold without food, shelter, protection. I thought…”
“Mia, I gave you his last home address which was thirteen years ago. He was married, raising two children at the time.”
She slid out from the booth and stood upright, waving both arms with a smile. “You can help him. You should help him. You are here in the mall drinking coffee. You need to use your magic powers and stuff.” Mia wanted to reach out and tug on his arm, but didn’t. So, she continued yelling out loud with words and waving both of her arms.
He said with a stern face and a serious tone, without standing or moving. “Mia, what is the purpose of the Bible?”
She bounced up and down, waving both arms with a smile. “A book of learning, I guess. Mr. Evans needs your help, Brother Jesus.” She pointed towards the open mall for her car with a smile and a nod to help the homeless man right now.
He said with a stern face and a serious tone without standing or moving. “Mia, why are people on the Earth?”
She bounced up and down, waving both arms into the air with a stern face. “To suffer and die, I don’t know. You can help him. You’re wasting time, Bro Jessie,” Mia continued to bounce up and down, pointing out towards the open mall for them to leave the coffee shop and walk towards her car.
He said with a stern face and a serious tone without standing or moving. “Mia, why am I here?”
She bounced up and down, waving both arms in the air with a grin and a giggle. “To vex me. Let’s go, Brother Jesus. I’ll drive you, since you can’t use your magic power on a flying car right now. People would freak out, Bro Jessie,” Mia huffed with excitement at his stillness inside the booth.
He chuckled. “Mia, why are you here?”
She stopped the bounce and stared with a smile at Brother Jesus. “I came in for raspberry sweet tea with mint before you started asking me tons of nosy questions…”
“I am asking you questions about life…”
“Life, death, angels, my mom, my dad, me, you, them people over there in their booth across the floor, the dinosaurs, and the cavemen, too,” she said with confusion. “You aren’t going to help Mr. Evans,” Mia slid back down into the booth with great disappointment on her face and inside her heart.
“This is not my job.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“What in the fu…”
“The love of money is the root of all evil.” He quoted from the Holy Bible.
“First Timothy 6:18.”
“O man of God, please flee these things, follow righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience and meekness.” He quoted from the Holy Bible.
“First Timothy 6:19,” she said.
“Fight the good of faith and lay hold the eternal life.” He quoted from the Holy Bible.
“First Timothy 6:20,” she said.
“The laborer is worthy his or her reward.” He quoted from the Holy Bible.
“First Timothy 5:18. I got it. Okay. I’m supposed to help Mr. Evans, not you. This is my test of faith and goodness by my heavenly teachers. Geez. Okay. Fine, I’ll do something after I leave here. Can you tell me what?” She exhaled with real purpose of faith and love.
“Mr. Evans has a mental illness which can be treated with modern medication.” He smiled.
Mia gasped, “Mental illness? That’s it. So, I can tell a doctor and he can treat Mr. Evans. That’s so easy!”
“No, Mia. A physician must examine Mr. Evans first with a set of medical tests before a dose of medication can be prescribed. You are not his relative. If you try to grab him, he might bite or worse get you arrested by the local police.” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She frowned with worry. “This is so complicated for something so simple like medicine to heal his mind. How can I do this, Bro Jessie? I know Dr. Goldman. Can he help me or Mr. Evans?”
“I do not know if Dr. Goldman will want to get involved here with a homeless man.”
“Okay. I can do this. I have an idea. Did you say children? Do they live here?” She nodded with a smile.
“He is the father of a boy and a girl here in Birmingham.” He smiled.
“I’ll contact every Evans in the phone book and track down his son. I’ll tell his son that his father is alive and needs help immediately. Maybe, I can take him to my church…”
“Do you go to church?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
She ignored his question with a smile and a nod. “There are sleeping rooms in the back of the church for storage. He can live there until I find his family.”
“Good start, Mia.” He smiled.
She smiled. “I often thought that church people should be outdoors helping homeless, needy, and sick, and ailing people and animals living on the streets, instead of sitting in the pews as all dressed in fine clothes and driving fine cars.”
“Are you judging which only I can?” He frowned.
“I’m being opinioned with my opinions, not judging. People can do anything they want as long as it is legal and doesn’t harm anyone. This is indeed America, the land of the free and home of the brave. People should do more actions, not talk with more words. Words are fluff and puff, if you don’t have actions using the hands and the legs.”
“I wholeheartedly agree.” He nodded with a smile.
“I thought of taking Mr. Evans to church and sitting with him inside one of the red velvet cushioned pew on the first row. That would be really mean and unkind for Mr. Evans. I don’t want to embarrass him,” she turned red on a face with her not-so-nice mental thoughts.
“Or you?” He smiled.
“Naw, I would do it in a heartbeat. I don’t care what people think about me. I’m me. I’m proud of what I’ve accomplished in my short nineteen years of days and nights, without food, monies, medicine, and sometimes sleep,” she nodded and thought with the deep feelings of survival of a tough young life.
“You would do that to witness the tart reactions of the fine people with their fine cars?” He smiled.
She laughed, “Heck, yeah, Bro Jessie! Aren’t you curious of my empirical data from the study of human behavior?”
“I am afraid to comment first. Second, you are an American, the land of the free and the home of the brave.” He smiled.
“I’ll think about it. I’m not out to hurt anyone even for a study. Back to my case of care for Mr. Evans, can you help me a little bit?”
“Yes, I can. I will get you angel assistance for Mr. Evans.” He smiled.
“Angel assistance, you can’t see them. How can he or she assist me? I don’t understand,” she frowned.
“O ye of little faith,” Jesus quoted with a smile.
She laughed with delight. “Cool line, Bro Jessie. I love that passage, also. Therefore, I believe you. I have lots of faith,” Mia smiled with happiness in her heart and her mind, sitting with the One and Only Brother Jesus Christ.
“I will get an angel to steer the younger Mr. Evans, the son in your direction. You can meet him in person accidentally, of course.” He smiled.
“Like fate…”
“For everything, there is season and a time for every matter under Heaven, a time to be born, a time to die, a time to plant and a time…”
“…and for reason and other stuff which comes from Ecclesiastes 3:15,” she smiled.
“Very good, Mia,” He smiled.
“Speaking a reason, someone else changed during the four years of my absence in the family, my mom.”
“Every wise woman builds her own house.” He quoted with a smile.
She nodded with a smile. “Proverbs 14:1. Look. My mom deserves more than my dad, more than me, just more.”
“I would like to point out that she is happy, is she not? Maybe, she wants you to find happiness in life, without the drugs and the smokes.”
She gasped. “I don’t do that stuff anymore. I’m just pointing out that my mom is satisfied with her life the way it’s going. She has a good job, paying her bills, rent, and food every day. I would think she wants more. I want more for her. But she wants me to do more for myself, I guess.”
“She is worried about you.” He nodded.
“Well then, Jack jumped on that bean stalk. I know that. She likes to remind me that she loves, cares, worries, and wishes for me. I wished that she was stop doing that. I’m fine. I’m working also bringing in money for food and shelter.” 
“I believe that she worries about the continued stealing, drinking, and smoking.” He nodded.
She gasped. “Look! I don’t do that anymore. I did. I admit I did that. When I got out, I wanted to cut loose. I was inside a teen jail for four years. Yeah, I can read your mind. I met new friends.”
“You new friends, your mom did not approve.”
“I just turned eighteen years old. I was an adult. I had a right to my new life, not her. Yeah, she told me she didn’t like my friends. They would cause me trouble.”
“They caused you some interesting trouble.” He nodded.
“You want to hear my troubles, my troubled pass. Ah! Is this another confession?” She yelled with fury.
“I am engaging in an interesting conversation about your life, Mia. You are welcome to continue or…”
“Fine, I’ll continue. My new friends lived in a different world, really different with drug users, drug pushers, drug dealers, whores, gays, fags, access to hard liquor, beer, wine, tons of cigarettes, joints, and hard narcotics. I was impressed. The best that I got inside a private girl’s home was the racy pic of my step-mom in her bathing suit.”
“Did that turn you on, Mia?”
“What?” She gasped with shock.
“I’m sorry. Please, continue.” He smiled.
“I discovered there was life after prison. I indulged. I enjoyed. I liked beer, wine, whiskey, joints, car racing, cliff jumping, hanging out at the light pole, talking and eating fast food with faster friends.”
“You did not love it.” He nodded.
“No. Especially, when it didn’t take long for the short term effects to be noted, noticed, and logged by the local police,” she nodded.
“Authorities, you cannot live with them or without them,” He smiled.
She shook her curls with a stern face. “Not cool, Bro Jessie! Anyways, in my new life, I felt trapped at school. Then, I was free. Free to do anything that I wanted as long as I had money.”
“The love of money is the root of all evil.” He quoted.
She laughed. “You repeated your scripture that comes from First Timothy 6:18.”
“Mia, this particular passage should be repeated often for many, many more people living on My Father’s borrowed planet.” He exhaled.
“Is Almighty God mad at the world for trashing His property?” She nodded.
“My Father is not pleased with current environmental controls or practices by any person, place, or thing.” He said with a stern tone.
“I concur. So, what is He going to do about it?”
He smiled. “My Father is in charge of the entire universe, but He enjoys delegating His tasks to other entities.”
“Cleaning up of the poisons, the radiation, and the garbage off planet Earth is a task for Almighty God, who would have thunk it? Wow. I’m impressed with His awesome powers. But, you mentioned with an intriguing note the other entities. Do you mean the arch-angels like Gab and Mic? Are they going to do something for the planet also?” She nodded with a smile.
“I am referring to Mother Nature, herself. She has big plans for balancing out the incongruities.” He grinned.
She cringed and ignored that threat from another VIP entity. “So, I needed money to do stuff and have some fun when I went to live with my mom after my prison life.”
“To offer a side note, My Father has eight or more outer space planets and a few asteroids which can contain life forms if needed.” He smirked.
“Uoo! I got a new question…”
“I will not divulge an answer.” He smiled.
“Ha! Your actions and your limited words have addressed my non-verbal but mental question. There are life forms or aliens or other beings beyond the planet of Earth. I knew it. I know it. Now, I need proof. I would be world famous. Right, Bro Jessie!” She nodded with a giggle.
“A job would have provided money for your stuff and fun gathering with respectable new social friends.” He smiled.
She exhaled. “Okay. I will drop the alien thing, this time. But we’ll circle back,” He smiled. She smiled. “My mom was so kind and understanding. She helped me acquire my first job with the local retail as a cashier…”
“And?”
“I was fired for being late, because I had forgotten to come into work, because I had partied the night before and passed out on my bed.”
“For Almighty God gives a man good wisdom, knowledge, and joy. A sinner gets vanity and vexation.” He quoted.
She smiled. “Ecclesiastes 2:26. Parties, fun, people, places, I enjoyed it all. I paid the price. My mom got very upset. I felt really bad. I recovered sorta. I got a second job at the local drinking bar, sloshing large heavy drinks around to the customers. I was cute and flirty. I got big money tips.”
“Every woman should eat and drink and enjoy the good of her labor, the gift of Almighty God.” He quoted.
“You’re the only one, who has approved of my current employment, not my mom. My dad is more humiliated and angry at me, if that could be measured. I’m tall for my age and with long black hair which makes me look older. I am doing well for a college dropout.”
“A new adventure…”
She nodded. “An unexplored world, the job got me money. The money got me friends. The friends got me in trouble fast.”
“Faster than lightning,” He said with a stern face.
She frowned. “You have stumped me. Is that the Mount Sinai or Brother Job lightning reference in the Bible?”
He laughed. “I made it up.”
“Good job, Bro Jessie!” She laughed. “Well, I’m amazed how fast events turn into puppy poopy. I got out. I found myself right back into trouble just like my parents had predicted.”
“Too fast and too furious,” He smiled.
“I like that car movie,” she smiled.
“I was referring to your personality, Mia.”
“That, too,” she giggled. “The first month back to the living world, I worked hard. I got my GED, since the Home didn’t provide a set of standardized tests for a high school diploma. I passed and received a state driver’s license and my mom’s old car for enrolling into college with my dad’s money tuition.”
“It seems that you started off in the right direction.” He smiled
“The second month, I got my first job when I learned that my dad wasn’t going to pay beyond the audited class at college, not one penny more for my…uh…expenses.”
“You dad knew you like an open book. Didn’t he, Mia?” He frowned.
“Guess so? I weaseled money out of my mom for gas, food, entertainment.”
“All forms of entertainment…”
She rolled the eyeball and stared back at him. “Yeah, all forms of entertainment. Meeting new people at work, I hooked up with a group of interesting personalities and my old roommate from the Home. Her name is Zany, because she is zany and crazy all at the same time. She makes me laugh, cry, and love. When Zany was kicked out by her grandmother at eighteen years old, I persuaded my mom that she could bunk with me for the time being, until she could get on her own feet.”
“You were not being a very nice child, taking advantage of your mom new Christian faith.” He frowned.
“Zany had no place to live, but the street. That’s the truth. Zany needed help, too. She did have a small amount of cash which she used up fast. Zany needed a job and didn’t have transportation. Zany wanted to go to college but needed her high school diploma. I became her friend and driver and teacher and banker, all at the same time. I helped her. I was good at work, getting big tips to pay for her living expenses, since my mom’s income was limited to the rent, car payment, food and electricity and car insurance and other stuff for me and her. My mom was pleased to help another lost sheep to help,” she smiled.
“You did not tell your mom that you were a lesbian.” He said with a stern face.
“I’m bi-sexual. I like boys more. Zany is the only girl that I was with and no other,” she nodded.
“When did she find out?”
“One day, my mom was observing us from the patio deck and saw us kissing. Yeah, she freaked out, yelled and screamed. I guess she was in shock that her little girl was gay, but I was in a girl’s school during my teen years and all these hormones running loose. All the girls were doing it.  I’m a sinner. So, sue me? Is this what you wanted to know, Bro Jessie? I have confessed. Are we finished, now?” She exhaled.
“No, Mia. Please continue.” He shook a skull.
“You know the rest of my sorry tale. You are omnipotent. So why bother with my story?” She frowned.
“First hand experience is the best explanation.” He smiled.
“Fine. I’ll give you an earful. My mom can around with her Christian attitude, not dumping us out the door onto the lawn. She would help both of us get into college and get our careers established. She said that was her Christian duty,” she smiled.
“Your mom made a big commitment in both of you, girls.” He said with a stern tone.
“She did. At the end of the second month, I was not committed anymore to school, work, or career. I wanted to party and have fun. Zany and I enjoyed evenings spent with a set of new friends of new friends, smoking joints, drinking beer, and unlimited sex. Party at night, sleep during the day, and leave the apartment before my mom got home. No excuses and no trouble, right?”
“Wrong?”
She nodded with a sour frown. “A big wrong, I was wrong thinking my mom would accept my new lifestyle, without questions. By the end of the third month, she didn’t pry but expressed her confusion how I was going to school during the day, when I stayed out until the wee morning hours. Of course, to answer her questions, I lied.”
“She was the wiser.” He smiled.
“Dang, my mom was smart. She pretended to go to work instead followed us around all day long and all night. I didn’t even notice her. The fresh poopy hit the fan, when I accidentally damaged my car on someone else’s property. I learned from that lesson. The insurance and police department were involved with the car accident when the old man reported me for hit and run on his storage house which contained his lawn mower and the other garden implements. I was caught. I have to confess to the crime, because Zany was the one, who was driving my car with no insurance. I was drunk and couldn’t drive home that night. I tried to cheat everyone with lies.”
“Lies upon lies,” He exhaled.
“When we partied, I stayed drunk so much that someone would drive my car and me home, without me knowing or my mom. But she found out when the final curtain ended the play. The old man tossed legal filings at me for reckless driving, DUI, harassment, hit and run, and obstruction of justice. Zany and others were trying to cover up the broken headlight when the police showed up at my mom’s apartment. My friends tried and failed miserable. What do expect from a bunch of stoners?” She shook her curls.
He laughed. “I guess not much in the way of competence.”
“I was canned with the can sealed. The police, his lawyer, the old man, and my insurance company representation showed up to inspect my old car. It was an open and shut close, I was guilty. The damage was obvious. I didn’t go to jail for the other illegal stuff, but I got scared. My mom got really mad at me and Zany. She asked me to leave her apartment and move someplace else.”
“That act was hard on her.” He said with a stern face.
“Her! What about me? I spent the night drunk and stoned from all the available and free drugs and unlimited alcohol. I didn’t comprehend that I was in trouble again and what I was doing to my mom, until I couldn’t pay for the next motel room. Zany said she would stay with friends and away from my mom. So I should go back home and work to pay for Zany a place to live. Good idea at the time. Zany found one of our friends to go and stay with, until I could produce money for the rent. So I did that. My mom was happy. I was happy. Zany was okay with it.”
“The real trouble begins.” He said with a stern face.
“Zany and those friends of her really partied, more than the usual evenings, all day long, while I worked and slaved for money. The only way Zany could stay was if I paid her rental fee for a room at someone’s house or a motel room. So, I worked any shift available to support Zany, since my mom was supporting me. I was determined to make it as everyone puts it. I worked and get money paying for everything that Zany needed to be paid, food, rent, cigarettes, each day. By the end of the week, I was both broke and broken but I continued to try harder.”
He nodded. “Then, it happened.”
I exhaled. “The drug raid on the apartment of Zany and her friends, yeah, it happened. I was at work, but I was questioned by the police. The police had to question my mom also. It was more green fresh smelling poopy droopy to hit the rotating fan. My mom thought I was involved in drugs and alcohol at the raid on the apartment. I was truly innocent. I was at work, working my butt off and in my bed, resting my aching back and my tired feet. I got mad. I yelled at her. Well, I showed her. I moved out and went to live with Zany, while she moved into another friend’s place. We slept on the sofa, the floor, the carpet, on top of blankets, or any place that we could find. It worked until I couldn’t pay the portion of the rent fee and we had to leave to find another home.”
“Where was the next home?”
“My car, we were homeless. I was homeless. Zany started fights when she was drunk. People get mad when their property or relatives are insulted. So, we lost our sofa for the next night. I didn’t have enough money for food and a motel room. We bunked down in the rear seats during the heated part of the year in August. Holy man, it was ninety degrees or more. Inside a car, it is like over one hundred degrees.”
“Your mom did not help you.”
“She provided me with bits of money until payday for food and stuff, but she didn’t want drug users in her home. I didn’t blame her. I noticed how Zany over abused the alcohol and drugs. She stayed drunk during the day and stoned at night, while I worked for our bits and pieces of coin to pay the master of the house we were currently slumbering. I can tell you. It was hard,” she exhaled.
“Harder on Zany, I would believe.”
“Right, I didn’t understand Zany had a drug problem until much later. That was her reason for reform school, but each one of the girls had a reason for being there and hating our parents. That was a given. I just ignored her obvious symptoms and withdrawal signs, until she got another batch of drugs. Is it too late for Zany, Bro Jessie?” She frowned with worry.
“Please continue, Mia.”
“There is not much more to tell. We have drifted here and there, living with different people, while I worked as a waitress. The second job, I got and kept. I am now making money for the both of us. Is she going to be okay? You are omnipotent.” She frowned with concern.
“What else happened?”
She exhaled. “Zany talks about starting school and getting a job and getting married and getting cured, especially when she’s sober. But…”
“Her condition is getting worse.”
“Yes, I figured that out on my own. I have come to face the sad reality that Zany doesn’t want to help herself, only pleasure herself. Can you help her, Bro Jessie?” She worried with care.
“Why have you stayed with Zany, Mia?” He said with a stern face.
She inhaled with a yell. “Let’s get some information straight. I do not stay with Zany. She is not with me anymore. I am not with her. She dates other people. I am not dating at the moment. I have responsibilities and obligations, an apartment, food, gas, water bill, electricity bill and stuff,” Mia exhaled with fighting fury.
“Responsibilities, you are inundated with and too much inexperienced to handle, Mia.” He said with a stern face.
“I agree that I need help. Isn’t that why I’m talking to you? Or you’re talking to me? I hope after this conversation you plan to help Zany, not me,” she growled with angry.
“I am merely an observer.”
“I have invited Zany to live inside my studio apartment which is one room. I don’t own much furniture. There are twin mattresses on each side of the room with a kitchenette and a bathroom between the walls. I own a small used television and a music player for viewing Hollywood movies when I have monies. That’s my life in a nut shell,” she grinned with a giggle.
“I will reflect again. You have more than other people have.”
“I won’t debate you with that true statement. I don’t have much, but it is my life and I like it this way. I feel happy about my choices. Secondly, I feel that I should help Zany in whatever way I can.”
“How can you help her, Mia? You do not possess a medical degree to identify her illnesses or aliments.” He said with a stern face.
“I have talked to some government agencies and some private doctors. But they told me that Zany has to volunteer to go into the federal rehabilitation programs or personally pay the high medical fees to be involved in counseling.”
“Mia, how do you plan to accomplish that feat which is a very great task inside your little world?” He said with a stern face.
“Don’t bite me! I’m doing the best that I can. You could help me. Do you know that? I thought that’s why you’re here,” she frowned with bitterness.
“I am not allowed.”
“What does that mean?” She yelled with rudeness.
“You should concentrate your talents and your energies on other matters.” He said with a stern face.
She shook her curls with a sour frown. “No. Zany is the priority of matter to me, even if you can’t see that. I’m trying to help her. She is like a child. I’m responsible for her well-being.”
“Who will be responsible for your well-being, Mia?”
“I can take care of her and me. I have been doing it for months, without my mom’s support and my dad’s money which he doesn’t give up, unless you thrust a gun in his face. That might not even get a positive response from the greedy jackass, either,” she laughed with the funny thought.
“You should be more respectful of your parents.”
“No Bible quote! Well, bless my soul.”
“My Father has blessed you with many talents and abilities.”
“Talents and abilities suck, without a teacher to teach. I’m asking for some guidance here. You’re right. I’m young. I’m doing the best that I can, but I’m making no progress. When I bring up the idea of a rehab medical center, Zany gets angry, screaming and shouting, leaving with another guy and doesn’t come back for the night. I’m used to the same old routine from Zany. But I plan to help her someway and somehow in my way.”
“Greater love hath no man than laying down his life for his friends.” He quoted.
“A quote, I can’t believe it from John 15:13. So, I’m collecting brownie points for helping my friend. What else?”
“Love thy self.” He quoted.
“Love me! Why me and not her? She is the one, who needs the private rehab sessions. I’m fine. I’ve given up drinking, alcohol, and illegal stuff, because it’s fattening and expensive. The rent comes first, then gas for the car, and finally food,” she smiled.
“You must learn to take care of yourself first rather than Zany.”
“I take care of me. Since I have graduated the prison, I have gotten a job with money and paying for an apartment, electricity for heat, and water for bathing. I have gas for the car and pay my own car insurance, but my mom helps some months. I have very little assets. I agree. I have no debt and no credit cards. I live on cash, when I get cash to pay for everything. I take care of me. So, I can help Zany. Don’t you see me and us from up there in heaven?”
“Love thyself.”
“Part of that quote is to love thyself as thy neighbor. Well, Zany is my neighbor or my roommate in this case. So, I’m doing exactly that. What am I doing wrong? I don’t get it,” she frowned.
“Love…”
“Please, don’t mention any more Bible scriptures. This is a very personal and emotional topic for me to discuss even with you.”
“Mia, my words are part of the Ten Commandments in which you are very familiar. You should love your neighbor as you love yourself. This is not for you but Zany.” He said with a stern face.
“I do. I think. I mean she does too. You know she does in her own weird hard to understand way.”
“Zany must learn to forgive her own weaknesses and gather strength to ask for help and aid with her ailment. It must start with her, not you, Mia.” He said with a stern face.
“I know.”
“She should be told the truth about her medical condition and counseled by a professional which is not you, Mia.”
She gasped. “O thanks, Mr. Physician. I pieced that puzzle together, using blood, guts and tears.”
“As a poor waitress, you can only do so much…”
“Yeah, poor little me, I am a waitress. I only got faith and love and kindness and other good stuff. I can do a lot with a little, Bro Jessie.”
“You have a big heart, Mia. I am pointing out the medical expenses.”
“I have a job.”
“You are spending time, energy, money, and resources to help Zany as she tosses out into the yard for the stray cats, eating your gifts of love and compassion.”
“Fine! But the lowly waitress is nice and merciful with her dough and bread. So that’s a low blow, Brother Jesus. I am what I am. I do what I do. I have what I have. Okay?”
“Yet, you keep trying to help and placate her whims. Zany has to want help first. Then, she can start healing. You must learn when to quit and when to begin. You are heading on the path of destruction for yourself.” He said with a stern face.
“I disagree. I can take care of anything. Watch me and learn!” She yelled with fury.
“You do not converse with your mom or your dad with details of your life. You are missing out on serious guidance from experience and older human beings here in Birmingham.”
“Yeah, I should talk to my parents more, but I don’t want to give them heartaches, especially my mom. I can handle this matter, whether it is the lack of food, room, or monies. I take care of it all the time. I thought you would encourage me, not yell at me for being a young stupid kid. That’s what I am, a young stupid kid, stumbling and tumbling in this harsh and evil world Your Father created.”
“Mia.”
She frowned. “I am not finished, sir. I have more to say to you. I can’t believe this conversation has turned mean and vicious. Love thyself. I understand the term. Take care of yourself, so you can take care of others whether it is family, friends, or strangers. I believe and have faith in the Biblical concepts. I kinda don’t selfishly think only of myself, even for a billion dollars of George Washington’s. Based on your hints and favors, you want me to abandon Zany. I will not. I love her like a sister I don’t have. I can and will take care of her forever it need be. I will sacrifice everything for her. And if you punish me for being a sinner, a lesbian, an idiot, then do it. We will live on the city streets, underneath the interstate bridges, eat cans of cat food, but we will survive all the trials and tribulations that you can toss at us. I promise I will survive. I will prove you wrong. Zany will change. I will show you. One day, it’ll happen, not today but one day. I swear to it,” she sobbed with a flood of tears inside each eye socket, reaching over and grabbed the paper napkins. She blew out the snot filled nose, streaming down tears of sadness.
He said softly. “Mia, your personal caring and compassionate acts of love over the past months speak volumes over my words. I admire your conviction and courage, little sister. You didn’t need to recite Holy Scripture for your daily bread. You live the Holy Words every minute of the day with Mr. Evans, your mom, your dad, your family, your friends, the strangers, and finally with Zany. I am pleased and happy to call you my family, a sister Christian, Mia.” He reached out and touched her arm on the table with a smile, “How about a break? Would you like another iced tea? I am interested in another cup of coffee and a little bite to eat.”
She shook her curls in the affirmative, without any more words, biblical or other. Brother Jesus stood upright from the booth and moved ahead towards the food counter for a new food order. She slid out the booth and spun around, moving towards the bathroom to dry the eyes and compose her fleshy person.


12:14 pm


Slowly walking back from the restroom, Mia had time to chill out and finish the crying. Now, her eyeballs were dried from the tears. She had not been embarrassed about her teen behavior. Her life is hers. No one was going to tell Mia what to do. She had guts and gravel like her mom quotes to her daughter on some days. Mia was rough and tough with life instead of life being tough and rough with her.
Zany needed Mia. Mia needed to find a cure for her friend Zany and needed time and money too. Mia was working for money, since she had lots of time.
Maybe, Fred could help Mia. He was so nice to her. He might help Mia find a nice doctor that didn’t require so much money. After her medial surgery, Mia could tell him the truth about her life. Thus, Fred would either accept all of her or not.
Yeah, the new plan!
Mia returned back to the booth to find a tall glass of red colored tea with a tuna fish sandwich on white bread that was cut into squares. She slid into the booth with a smile and exhaled. “I’m sorry for my outburst. I truly appreciate the personal appearance, today, talking to me. I really needed a friend, today. I don’t mean to be so rude and unkind to you, Brother Jesus. Your remarks touch a deep sensitive subject for me in my heart and my soul.”
“The reason for my visit is to see you, Mia. You do not have to apologize for being a caring and compassionate human being. I mentioned before I am very pleased with your Christian ways.” He smiled.
She smiled. “Thank you, Brother Jesus. I will be careful, not to display another un-Christian like behavior for the rest of our time. Thanks for lunch, holy man,” she picked up the sandwich and examined the contents. “Ya got a thing for fish, fisherman?” Mia bit into the good tasting salty meal.
He laughed. “I have always been fond of seafood.” He ate and chewed the food.
She chewed and swallowed the food with a smile. “I’m a little tense lately, especially with my recently dilemma.”
He chewed and swallowed with a smile. “Did you tell Fred about the cysts?”
“What?” She spat out some of her chewed food particles over the plate and the table with a gasp.
“I pronounced the proper name correctly, Fred?” He ate and chewed the food.
“How do you know? Forget it. You’re omnipotent. Yeah, you did. What about him?” She chewed the food.
He chewed and swallowed the food with a smile. “Fred, the young man in college, who will be graduating in the spring with an accounting degree, he will be working for an accounting firm by June.”
“You…you told me Fred’s future. Are you allowed to do that?” She frowned.
“Yes.” He ate and finished the sandwich, wiping off the mouth with the paper napkin.
Mia smiled. “Fred’s going to get a job. He was very concerned about employment in the Birmingham area.” She ate and chewed the food.
“This is a small metro city. There are plenty of opportunities for his line of work. No problem as they say.” He smiled.
“This is wonderful, excellent news. May I tell me?” She smiled. Old folks liked it when you ask their permission, especially with this ancient very important entity.
“Are you confessing to me that you know Fred, now?” He smiled.
She exhaled. “Okay. I wasn’t really hiding it. I met him about three weeks ago in the grocery store. His apartment is next door to my work. He’s cute, nice, and in college. I just don’t know about a personal relationship, right now. But he invited me to dinner tonight. Should I accept?”
“Yes, Mia. Go and enjoy the evening.” He smiled.
She giggled. “Does he like me?”
“Very much so,” He grinned with a nod.
“Really! He’s very sweet and kind,” she giggled.
“Fred is a true gentleman of the South. Your mom will be very pleased and happy for her little girl.”
She softly clapped with a grin and a nod. “Fred makes me feel so happy and joyous all the time in my heart and my soul. I have never felt like this before.”
“I believe you are in love as they say.” He smiled.
She gasped. “Is that what you call it? Is it going to stay with me?”
“For a very long time, Mia, I can see both of you as a couple.” He nodded with a smile.
“That’s nice to hear, especially, since I trust the source.” She laughed. “I’m happy and confused about Fred. I like him. I like my freedom. I like thinking about new adventures with Fred.”
“He is very certain of your relationship and very positive about you being with him for the rest of his reminding days on Earth.”
She frowned. “Is Fred going to die?”
He exhaled. “Please, Mia. Let us not start the death discussion thread, again. The answer is no. He is healthy. You will be in awesome health, once the surgery is completed by Dr. Goldman.”
“Thanks, Bro Jessie,” she smiled with a nod with the prospect of a relationship with Fred.
“The ovarian fibroid cyst developed six months ago. I do not understand why you did not seek a medical professional, before now.” He said with a stern face.
“My mom wanted me to try alternative medicine, ya know, acupuncture, herbs, exercise, and diet. I tried and failed. So, the next step is surgery to save my life. Duh! This doctor is so melodramatic.”
“Are you going to tell Fred about the upcoming medical surgery?”
“I was going to hide it and assume a contagious illness, so he couldn’t see me for a few days. But with your new information, I have changed my mind. I’ll tell him, tonight. I hope that he comes to the hospital and visits me for a little while during my stay,” she exhaled with great fear.
“Once he understands your delicate predication, he will want to drive you to the hospital and stay all late as possible.” He nodded with a smile.
“Really! He will want to stay with me for the surgery and the recovery. I’ll look horrible. I’ll be mean and ugly and sick and grouchy. I think he should stay home and wait for me on a better day,” she chuckled.
“Part of sharing a life with someone you love is also sharing the ‘ick’ and ‘poo’ variables.” He smiled.
She laughed. “Where in the world did you pick those phrases up, the pony rides in Bethlehem?”
“Around the town…”
“Like on planet Mars…”
“There are no inhabitants or cities on the planet of Mars. My Father was thinking of establishing a colony next century, but He changed his mind.” He said with a stern face.
“Can me and Fred be the first, Bro Jessie?” She nodded with a grin.
“I will ask for the both of you, Mia.” He chuckled with delight.
“Will I be safe on Mars, if I go there?” She frowned.
“You are going to be healthy and happy, Mia, for the rest of your life on any planet that My Father owns.” He nodded with a smile.
“Great, I feel terrific,” she ate and chewed the food.
“Are you nervous about the upcoming medical surgery or the love relationship with Fred?” He smiled.
She chewed and swallowed the food with a nod and a grin. “I’m excited about meeting and developing my social relationship with Fred. I’m not scared about the upcoming medical surgery operation. I’m in pain and have been for five months. My condition is worsening. I can tell. I’m more concerned about my hospital bill. You couldn’t by chance help me with that, could you?” I finish the last bit of the tuna fish sandwich, chewing.
“Sorry, no coin. It is called money here in the States, correct?” He grinned.
She chewed and swallowed the food with a gasp. “You don’t carry around any money inside your wallet,” Mia laughed.
“What wallet?” He grinned.
She exhaled. “Isn’t that like cheating in a way when you don’t pay your debts as stated in the Holy Bible in Romans 13:8?” She reminded the supernatural VIP of the entire universe and heaven.
“I do believe that my Father owns everything. Or am I mistaken?” He grinned.
She laughed with amusement. “He does at that.”
“If I am not interfering, I believe your dad will cover that portion of the medical operation for you which is part of your medical insurance.” He said with a stern face.
She grabbed the glass of sweet glass and tapped on the glass with a laugh and a nod.  “You don’t know my dad very well, do you?”
“I shall in the future.” He nodded with a stern face.
She nodded with a grin. “Good for you, Bro Jessie. I love my dad. I do hope that he survives your trials and tribulations, also. Secondly, I don’t nag about money like step-mom.”
“You are not like Herodias.”
“Right, man! I don’t ask my mom what to do like Herodias did within Mark 6:24. I just do it.”
“Would you do something if I asked you, Mia?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
My fingernails stopped the tap on the glass and as she dropped open a mouth. “Do something for you!”
“If I asked you to perform a task, would you do the task for me?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“Do something for you?” She softly repeated with deep emotions.
“If I asked you to perform a small task, would you do that small task for me without hesitation?” He said with a stern timber.
“I was taught in church, and in Sunday school class, and that religious reform school, where I was involuntarily imprisoned for four years that one day my Brother Jesus Christ, my Lord and Savior will ask me to die for him to wash away my sins. Do you want me to die for you, Brother Jesus?” She felt tummy flutters and sweaty palms.
He smiled. “Mia, it is a hypothetical question. No or yes will suffice.”
She smiled with a nod. “You are my Lord and my Savior. Yes, I would do anything you ask of me.”
“Without question…”
“Absolutely, Brother Jesus,” she nodded with a stern face.
“I like your answer.” He smiled.
“Thanks,” she exhaled and hoped that question never comes up again within the shared conversation today. Mia did not want to ask Brother Jesus what he was referring either with more tummy flutters and sweaty forehead.
“Mia, you have a great mind with lots of experience and deep compassion and strong commitment to projects. You would do well in a post-graduate school.” He smiled.
She giggled with a nod. “Your wording is good, better than my dad’s. He likes to use the bigger words which I have to look up inside the dictionary, once I’m away from him,” Mia exhales with her heavy mental thoughts, recalling all the vocal arguments with her dad about school, homework, and her future, without a college degree.
“Your dad is little too pious for his small britches.” He smirked.
She laughed with a nod, “Holy man, if you weren’t the true Brother Jesus, I’d give you that title.”
“Let us not give away my endearments, shall we?” He smiled.
She giggled, “You voiced a joke, holy man. Sorry! It’s just a tease. I’m enlightening the mood.”
“Joke accepted.” He smiled. “I am enlightened.”
“So, you told me your choice name of Milton, because of the poem Paradise Lost. Milton wrote about the creation of Earth and the damnation of Satan.”
“Warm.” He smirked.
“In his other blockbuster, Paradise Regained, your Father and Satan battled. So, you must have liked that poem?”
“Warmer.” He smirked.
“Milton was deeply religious, highly educated, and a family man. Right, Bro Jessie?” She nodded with a smile.
“Closer. Milton was a man of high moral character.” He said with a stern face.
“I said that, religious.”
“Moral character does include religion and a little more. His literary creed expressed to himself be true.”
“Be true to yourself.”
“Well put, Mia.” He smiled with a nod.
She smiled. “I got it. You’re here to advise me, to be true to me, mine, and me,” giggling.
“Sorta.”
“Where’s my camera phone? You used slang, holy man.”
“I am quickly learning to adjust to the dynamic teen mind. Your conversation is aiding my limited young teenager knowledge.” He smiled.
“Prime, Bro Jessie.” She tossed both arms into the air with a nod and a smile.
“Prime, is that a compliment or an insult, Mia? I do not understand if I should yell or bow to you.” He grinned.
“You don’t yell back even when I yelled at you first. You’re Brother Jesus. You are kind and nice and sweet and know everything. I bet you can beat the s…”
“Mia!”
“Sorry! I got excited and get carried away with my behavior. Okay?” She frowned.
He nodded. “I accept your explanation. Be more diligent, Mia!”
“Yeah, the highest honor is prime…”
“Would you mind explaining the honor of being called ‘prime’? The term is very confusing.”
“Prime is a number in math that cannot be divided like one, three, five, or seven which was created by your Father.” 
“I understand the prime concept.”
“Well, prime is like the best thing you can do or be. Such like the expressions, ‘the top of the heap,’ or a better example yet, ‘king of hill’ or ‘queen of the land.’”
“Or Lord of the Universe.” He smiled.
“Geez! Bro Jessie, you inherited that title. This is like an earned title, especially with your peer group.” She smiled.
“I do not have a peer group, Mia.” He frowned.
She slapped a chest and pointed to the other patrons of the coffee shop with a smile. “You got me and him and her, over there. We are peers or sisters and brothers to you.”
He nodded. “I am starting to comprehend your idea of peer group and the use of prime.”
“So, when your actions or words stir a brilliant idea or reaction, you are labeled a prime, the best, the one, the first.” She smiled.
“Prime, Mia!” He smiled.
She giggled. “I haven’t achieved any prime actions for the day, Bro Jessie.”
“Mia, I believe you are always true to your self and portray a truer self to others. You are a very ‘prime act’ for everyone to see, follow, and achieve.” He nodded with a smile.
“Thanks, Bro Jessie! See? You are learning the layteen world fast. I would guess by the end of our conversation you will “King of Prime.’” She smiled.
He exhaled. “I feel younger, already.”
“So, I am rotating back around to your middle name. The name Milton stands for moral character, understanding as a true pic of you. I like the touch of gray at your temples. You look distinguished like one of my college professors.”
“Thank you.”
“The goatee is novel too. You look cute.”
“Are you flirting with me, Mia?” He smirked.
She turned red face and looked down at the table surface, shaking her curls with a worried brow, “No sir! No! I would never, ever do that. I am sorry, Brother Jesus. No sir!”
“Not a prime move in your eyes, I guess. You have given me a nice complement. Thank you, Mia.” He smiled.
She looked up with a smile to see him. “Thanks, Bro Jessie. I do believe that mean people enjoy saying rude things about you all the time in your face and behind your back. I like to say nice things to people, even strangers to a face.”
“So true,” He nods.
“You didn’t quote anything,” she frowned.
“I believe that you and I can relate to the meanness in the world, without the Bible scripture.” He said with a stern face.
“Why didn’t you portray yourself as ugly?”
He gasped, “Pardon?”
“You are not nice looking, below average, sorta scruffy or surly.”
“Entertain strangers for some have been heavenly angels unawares.” He quoted.
She nodded with a chuckle, “Yeah, Holy Man! The quote comes from Hebrews 13:2. I mean if you’re in disguise as ugly, then people should be nice to you. Right?”
“I concur. I try to appear as some of the historical artists depict in past history on the planet through a nicely drawn image.” He chuckled. “One time, from one of my many visits, in the country of India, I appeared as a large tinted Buddha to the male, who was bowing down inside the Holy temple floor. As they say, he was totally freaked out.” He smiled.
She laughed, “Not good, Holy One!”
“I guess that I should have ditched the gold paint job.” He grinned.
She laughed. “Geez, you painted your body in gold.”
“I followed the formal colorful image which had been conveyed on the beautiful statues and the nicely painted walls.” He smiled.
She giggled with delight, “You are too funny, Brother Jesus.”
“After that humiliating incident, I adjusted my appearance to be more common looking and appealing for the people that I need to serve.” He nodded.
“Makes sense in this image conscious self absorbed skinny model and obsessed materialized earthy world.”
“Well said, Christian.”
“Thanks, Bro Jessie! I must admit the lessons that my mom taught me are finally sinking down into my brain cells. Don’t love materials things, but God as cited in First John 2:15. Choose to suffer affliction with God, passing the pleasures of sin and the treasures of this world, love you, instead as told in Hebrews 11:25, 26.”
“I note, Mia, that you have passed the test for rejecting worldliness in favorite of trials and temptations of your soul.” He smiled.
She exhaled deeply. “I guess.”
“You are a beautiful teenager turning almost into a lovely woman.”
She winked with a giggle, “Hey, Bro Jessie! Are you flirting with me?”
He chuckled with amusement. “I am merely pointing out that you were blessed by my Father and He did a very good job.”
“…and my parents helped, too.”
“The combination of the biological gene pool formed you into a very tall and elegant and smart and graceful human being. You could have chosen another profession, maybe in the modeling field, since thinness is a very modern and lucrative proposition while living on a money-driven world, instead of a lowly waitress.”
She reached up and patted the fabric fashion cap of knit. “You noticed the crochet turtleneck with the pair of matching gloves and the skull hat. I asked for the items from my mom for Christmas, which is really your birthday. She agreed and didn’t fuss since winter was coming. She likes for me to be warm and happy.”
He chuckled with delight. “I was not talking about the brand of clothing. I was referring to your beauty. My Father made you very unique, tall, thin, a head of long black hair with a pair of aqua tinted eyes, and a tone of olive complexion. Yet, you continue to hide your prettiness with bland colors and non-descript clothing.”
“I guess that I could’ve selected a more dramatic color rather than oatmeal beige to compliment my skin tone. I’m not a fashion princess like in the magazines. I only own two pairs of jeans, one blue and the other beige, which I’m wearing, now. My winter boots are beige, so it was completely logical to order the beige sweater set. I guess that I like to be standing in the crowd, not outside it.”
“This is an outstanding point, Mia.” He nodded with a smile.
“My mom and my grandmother mentioned my good looks in the profession of modeling would be a good job for me, since I wasn’t interested in post-graduate school. I didn’t get the connection until much later. And I didn’t want to study or apply my mind to books and tests. At the time, I just wanted to party like the rest of the teenagers. I wasn’t thinking about my future or school or modeling.”
“Are you pondering that idea in your head, now?”
“No. I have…other priorities.”
“Your friend Zany is…”
She growled. “Yes, Zany is my top priority. Please, don’t argue with me about her. I don’t want to start crying.”
“I will not debate you about your friend Zany.”
“Thank you. At the time, we met in reform school like the other girls. We were all there for different reasons. Mine was being defiance and obstinate with my parents and the authorities. Yes, I learned.”
“You have changed is more the proper term.”
“Thanks. I immediately liked Zany in the Home, not for sex, either. I liked her personality. She held a shy danger that I couldn’t explain or understand. Four years of book studying and chit-chatting between meal times, bathroom breaks, and study periods does not show a person’s real thing. I felt an attraction to Zany on a sexual level and a…”
“It is called a spiritual level.” He nodded.
“Really? Is that what I feel now for Zany?”
“Your soul understands Zany needs guidance.”
She exhaled. “Wow! That’s some powerful stuff. A soul thing, when Zany was kicked out of her grandmother’s house at the age of eighteen years, I felt guilty that I had a home and she didn’t. My mom as a forgiving and kind woman offered both of us sanctuary, until the partying, lies, and deceit tainted the loving and caring homey atmosphere. No. I don’t blame my mom. She worked hard to offer me things of this materialize world besides her support, her encouragement and her faith and her love of a biological parent. She only wants me to use all my talents for a good living on the remaining days of my life on Earth.”
“That is very good advice, Mia. Your mom is a wise woman.” He nodded.
“Yeah, I felt guilty that I caused my mom so much grieve and worry. But I felt more obligated to help my friend Zany, who didn’t have a parent or a blood-kin relative to encourage and love her back, too. So, back then in time, I became both a parent and a lover to Zany.”
“Helping one another is a very noble and heavenly purpose as a Christian.” He said with a stern face.
“No quote! I can’t believe my ears.”
“It is not needed here.” He smiled.
“Well, to give you the shortest fairy tale, the next step for me is…” She frowned. “I am kinda getting the feeling that you want to know what I plan to do and say.”
He nodded. “You have very good instincts, Mia.”
“I am saving money which isn’t easy, since I’m the only one working…”
“If Zany would quit partying and allow you to assist her medical needs.”
“The saved money will be used to pay a medical doctor that I have found, who can treat Zany for her drug problems and her personality disorder.” Mia nodded.
“Do you trust this medical professional you selected?”
“Should I? I’m not omnipotent?”
He nodded with a stern face. “He is a good physician. But I feel that your friend Zany needs more specialized skills and maybe an entire rehabilitation admission within an inpatient facility for long term recovery to achieve a healthy outcome for the rest of her life.”
She exhaled with a sigh, “You are talking big dollar signs for that type of rehab care for my friend Zany. I came to the same conclusion about six months ago. I don’t mean to be disrespectful, but I sure could use a good word with your…our heavenly Father, Ly, and Gab over there, and all the heavenly angels I can get.”
He said with a stern face. “Mia, I promise that your deeds have not gone un-noticed or without sacrifice, My Father, Ly, Gab, and all the heavenly angels including me are going to help you.” 
Tears formed inside her two eye sockets and as she wiped them away with a whisper. “Thank you.”
“Ask? And it will be given to you. Seek! You will find. Knock! And it will be opened to you.” He quoted.
She wiped away the tears with a smile. “Matthew 7:7. I understand and I believe you, Brother Jesus, with all my heart and my soul forever and forever.”
“You have lots of faith, Mia.” He smiled.
“I use all my faith in the bottle up too,” she grinned.
“Faith is not bottled. Faith is contained inside your heart which pumps and flows every second of your life.” He smiled.
She gasped. “That is not a Bible quote.”
“I made it up.” He chuckled.
“You have been doing that a lot. Are you writing another Holy book, Bro Jessie?”
“That is not a bad idea, Mia.” He nodded.
“Good luck with your new Book with a capital B. I have my own assignment which is going to consume my days and my nights. I have this strange feeling that if I don’t help Zany, then she will…. Something good will not happen,” she exhaled with worry.
“Mia, when you pray, you talk to me directly, and I can help ease your worries.” He smiled.
“I was taught to pray through the Holy Spirit or Ly and then Ly tells you all of my troubles and my worries and my desires and my needs.”
He laughed. “Yes, you are very astute, little sister. Ly filters the messages to me, coming from all people on planet Earth.”
“Ah! I got it. She is like a mobile phone to the stars.” She giggled.
“Something like that!” He chuckled with Mia.
“Wait! I’m talking directly to you here right now inside this coffee shop booth. Or is this a dream or something?” She frowned.
“No dream! You are not dreaming. I am real. You are real. Gab is real. Ly is real.” He turned and waved at the heavenly angels. They turned and waved back to Brother Jesus. He looked at her with a stern face. “Mia, you have very special abilities which my Father blessed you to see, to hear, and to speak with different forms to me.”
She smiled. “Cool! Is that kinda like E.S.P. or telepathy? Hey! I’m a sci-fi character, now.”
“Sci-fi? What does that strange term mean? I do not understand. You are a flesh and blood human being, not…”
She smiled. “Sci-fi is a shorten term for science fiction which is awesome literature in books and in the movies. The authors make tons of money writing about flying ships, x-ray guns, space battles, and weird looking people, who can fly and dance and move in the air, without wings which is kinda like you, Bro Jessie.”
“I am still confused, Mia.” He frowned with puzzlement.
She lifted both gloves with a grin. “Okay. Look. It’s hard to explain. I’ll show you one of my purchased movie tracks. Maybe I can get one and bring it to you, before you leave for the evening or wherever you go at night.”
“Home.”
“Heaven?” She pointed with a smile to the ceiling that represented heaven.
He chuckled and pointed up to the ceiling also, “Heaven is my home.”
“What does heaven look like, intriguing minds want to know?”
He smiled. “Picture within your talent neurons, the most beautiful of mountains, waterfalls, soft sands, and music and that is heaven.”
“Music, ballroom or hip hop?” She giggled.
“Angels like to dance and sing all types and kinds. You would fit in there with ease, Mia.” He smiled.
She gasped. “Hey! I’m not dying. You told me so.”
“You are correct. I was not lying. You will be in excellent health after the surgery and live for many, many years, Mia.” He nodded.
“Good enough!” She nodded with a smile.
He exhaled. “Back to the sci-fi term of E.S.P. or telepathy or mind reading or whatever metaphysical term you want to use, you have a special ability to talk directly to me. I can hear your prayers, your concerns, your ideas, and all your mental plans inside your thoughts.”
“All the time?”
“All the time!”
“Holy Man, I got the real Tele talent for real. I can’t wait to tell my mom. She’ll flip out. She’s a sci-fi fan like me.”
He exhaled. “I am missing your part of our conversation. What do you mean by the words or the concepts of Tele talent?”
She gently slapped both gloves over the table surface with a smile. “I can’t believe that you don’t read and watch science fiction movies. They are right up your alley with flying around the skies without an airplane, disappearing into thin air without dying, and moving stuff without both hands.”
“I will try harder to watch for these particular movies, Mia.”
“Do that, Bro Jessie! You’ll like them. I can tell, since I can read your mind,” she laughed.
He chuckled. “You have a set of God-given talents which makes you a very special human being, including your witty humor.”
“So, is that how I know when bad things are going to happen before they do?” She frowned.
“Exactly.”
“Well, something has been nagging me, I mean, inside my mind. Maybe, I can share the nag with you. And then you can tell me, if I’m right or I hope that I’m wrong.”
“What is it, Mia?”
“I…” she paused. “It is my friend Zany. If you didn’t help me? I mean she’s out of control. I can help her. I work every shift I can and come home exhausted but still Zany leaves the apartment to attend another all nighter somewhere else with someone else. I didn’t know where she’s at or what’s she doing. She comes back in the morning hours, when I’m going back into work. I’m mad. I’m worried. I’m sacred. I’m not talking as her lover either. We don’t engage in sex, anymore. She’s always with another guy. I’m always at work. I just want her to get healed from the drugs and the other bad stuff. Zany’s going to overdose on drugs one day, when I’m not there to watch over her. I know it. I just know it,” she felt a sob inside the throat, holding back the tears of worry.
“Mia, I will not lie to you. Your friend Zany will die from a drug overdose, because of her unaltered life style.” He said with a stern face.
She nodded with a worried brow. “My suspicions are confirmed. Now, I can help her. I can straighten her out. I’m destined to save her. I know it. I can feel. Thanks for the information, Bro Jessie,” Mia wiped the gently tears and promised to help her friend.
“Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.” He quoted.
“Amen! Romans 10:17. I feel better and stronger, now, Bro Jessie.”
“I hope my words helped. I was not testing your faith in me or my Father, Mia. I am very concerned about you and your friend Zany. I needed to understand how you plan to achieve the impossible.” He said with a stern face.
“That feat reminds to be seem by you and me, my new Holy friend,” she laughed.
“I will be watching you, very careful, Mia.”
She smiled. “Do you believe in the concept of reincarnation, Bro Jessie? The concept of reincarnation, where people, like me, come back to the planet within a different body as a different person.”
“I prefer the heavenly term, regeneration.”
“Regeneration, what’s that? How is that possible?”
“I will give them one heart and put a new spirit within you, take out the stone heart, and give them a flesh heart. They will know I am the Lord.” He quoted.
“I realize the passage from Ezekiel 11:19 and 20, but it’s very confusing to know the subject topic. Is that regeneration? Would you care to elaborate there, Holy Man?”
“Take a guess?” He smiled.
“Ah! You are offering a mind game. Alright! To take out a stone or hardened a heart, you die, unless you’re around to resurrect,” she smiled.
He grinned. “I am not.”
“Let’s see! In order to give a new heart and a new spirit, I would say that it is a tiny baby who is being born into this world.”
“Well said, Mia! Your Bible studies do you justice.” He smiled.
“I read a lot when I’m bored.”
“Your dad was birthed in a Sardinia village and then consigned into service to serve the king.” He said with a stern face.
She shook the hat and her curls with a smile. “Mr. Perfect got one wrong. My dad was born and raised in the city of Miami and the US State of Florida like me.”
“The city of Miami and the US State of Florida did not exist in the year 476 A.D. The continent was there, not your dad.” He smiled.
“AD! That date is after your birth. Wait! Are you telling me that my dad is regenerated from…?
“He first appeared on this world as a babe in the small village of Sardinia in the year 399 A.D. He lived there and serviced inside the royal palace for the last Rome emperor Romulus Augustaulus until the king’s defeat in the year 476 A.D. from the German barbarian Odoacer which marked the end of the Roman Empire. Your dad moved back to the small Sardinia village, living an old and honored life until his death.”
She gasped with a smile. “I can’t believe this. My grandmother was right. She told me that her family or the families from Italy were royal or senators or some special persons at the king’s palace.”
“Can she trace your ancient ancestors that far?” He frowned.
“I guess so. She’s got all these pieces of old yellow wrinkled bits of papers with a set of funny names and a group of funny languages.”
“I believe you know the languages.” He nodded.
“Okay. Yeah, I recognize the language of Italian. There are some papers in the language of French. And there are papers in the language of Latin.”
“Are you are schooled in language of Latin, Mia?”
I lift and wave a fingerless glove with a grin. “I got the ability to read it, really fast like a G…great gift.”
“Maybe, a God-given exclusive has been added to your awesome abilities.” He smiled.
“Why doesn’t it thunder when you say it?” She frowned.
He laughs. “My Father is used to my sarcasms, a Father and a son thing.”
She laughed. “I guess my mom understands me, the same way. I read about the tiny city of Sardinia while in boring prison during a class assignment. The mountain range is located on an island with numerous pastures of rich fertile land for livestock.”
“As of today, thirty percent of the country’s sheep are raised on the island.”
“The livestock are smelly sheep. I don’t get it. What does sheep have to do with my dad at the royal palace?”
“He was royal shepard for the royal livestock.” He grinned.
She laughed. “He was the king’s sheep herder. That’s good. This is great. My dad would poop in his drawers, if he knew that about his real family royal duties. And my grandmother would too. I have got to find that Latin job function within those old yellow and wrinkled papers the next time that I see my grandmother and show her,” laughing.
“Your mother was an oracle in Ancient Greece.”
She gasped. “My mom really has the gift of future sight. Woman, she uses her telepathy all the time on me. I can’t get by with nothing over her. Wow! Tell me more, Bro Jessie?”
“You were born a princess in the southern part of the mainland called Peloponnesus.” He smiled.
“Really, a princess? Peloponnesus is the large peninsula which is connected by the Corinth Canal. So, cool! I’m really royalty,” she smiled.
“In a manner of speaking, but your destiny lies...”
“I know inside heaven, not on Earth with the earth and dirty and earthly stuff. I was talking out loud. Okay? How can I be a princess when my mom was not? Was my dad a king or prince for herding the smelly sheep to the weaver for the king’s clothes or something?”
He exhaled. “The re-generation processes get more complicated. In simple terms, your parents were not married when your dad was a goat herder…”
“Goats, et tu and smelly poo!” She laughed with a nod.
“These were side jobs when not watching the lambs.” He smiled.
She laughed with him. “My dad’s smart and talented. I can’t wait to find those ancient Latin job descriptions inside the yellow and wrinkled letters that reside inside my grandmother’s house. I might start the hunt, tonight.”
“They met decades later in the same century. Your mom was a princess in the second re-generation phase, giving birth to a baby royal, entitling you to the same privileges. Your dad was a senator and very wealthy and highly educated for the time period in ancient history. Are you impressed, Mia?” He smiled.
She nodded with a smile, “I am impressed with you, Bro Jessie, not my dad as much.”
“Thank you, Mia.”
“How many times have I been re-generated or re-born or re-called or…?”
“Lots.”
“Is that your favorite word for the day, Bro Jessie,” she smiled.
“You are most accurate for a young teen.”
“Fine! I deduce again. I guess centuries, since I’m alive and breathing within the twenty first century, not number four century. Huh?”
“You are smart, Mia.” He smiled.
“Okay. I am really old but not as old as you are, Holy Man. So, what is the purpose of re-generation to keep heaven from getting overcrowded or something?” She smiled.
“Each soul is cleansed and re-freshed, after a re-generation and returns back down to planet Earth.” He said with a stern face.
“Holy Man, just say it. The person did wrong down up there and Almighty God kicked his or her butt out from up there to come back down here for trying to be good, again. Talk about a vicious cycle of checks and balances.” She smiled. “So, the badder spirits go straight down into hell and directly by-pass the re-generation thing?”
“You are close to understanding. Each soul is created by my Father. The soul comes down to planet Earth as a baby, grows up as a teenager and matures into an adult and then the soul dies. The soul and I have a big pow wow about his/her choices on planet Earth and the happy or unhappy relationship with their family members, their friends, and their enemies.” He said with a stern face.
Mia gasped. “I get judged by my family members. That is not good for me. I’ll fail and get kicked back downstairs, so fast that my horns will spin.”
“I do the judging, Mia. I remember every moment of your life, including all your nice and not so nice encounters with your family members.” He said with a stern face.
“You do know that you can’t pick your nice or not so nice family members,” she frowned.
“The choices of your so-called friends are better than family members, Mia, is that your argument?”
“Fine! You pick the lesser of two evils.” She laughed.
“My universal point is that I judge everything, including people, deeds, actions, and inactions for the soul.” He said with a firm tone.
“Yeah, I got it. Now, the Bible is like an instruction manual or a phone app as you are judged by you and your Father.”
He smiled with a nod. “Outstanding, Mia!”
“I read the Bible. So do I get an A in this subject for the day? Right?”
“Mia, you have been getting A’s for months.” He smiled.
“Thanks, Bro Jessie! I like this class and these assignments. I can pass without getting jailed or yelled out,” she laughed with fun.
“You are very welcome, Mia.” He smirked.
“You’re cool to talk with. Uh? Did you marry, Brother Jesus?” She smiled.
“Interesting question! I enjoyed the flesh and blood scene in addition to performing my human life work while similar to this present appearance. I also like this gourmet coffee, at least my human taste buds do.” He sipped the coffee cup and swallowed the liquid with a smile.
She smirked, “Interesting response! You’re not going to answer that question, either.”
“That particular question is not important for the moment.” He said with a stern tone.
“I like to read fiction which is non-religious of course. Some of the official biography books have theorized that you were married and had a passel of children. What do you say to that intriguing query?” She wanted to know the answer.
“Mia, if a champion show pure breed Persian queen mates with a feral country tom, does all her kittens register as pure breed Persians?”
She tossed both fingerless gloves with a stern face and a nod. “Okay! You got me there. I’ll stop inquiring, but I’m not finished with the topic. It’s just postponed for now, Bro Jessie.”
“Everyone is my brother and my sister. My Father has lots of children who are young, old, kind, mean, ugly, and pretty.” He quoted.
“Matthew 12:50, I remembered the Bible passage. Okay! I am dropping the subject.”
“Speaking of family? I have brought all the heavenly army with me.” He smirked.
“Army?” She gasped in shock.
“I said army. But the term, I do believe you are familiar with is ‘legion of Angels’ and such.” He grinned.
“There are legions of heavenly angels here right now on planet Earth. Why?” she said with a stern face.
“Thinkest you? I cannot now pray to my Father and He shall give me more than twelve legions of angels.” He quoted.
“Matthew 26:53. Are your starting at Holy parade here in Birmingham, Bro Jessie.” She giggled with nervousness.
“Almighty God is merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and has plenty of mercy for His people.” He quoted. 
“Psalms 13:8. His people? That is me, right?”
“Almighty God has prepared His throne within the heavens and His kingdom rules over it.” He quoted.
“Is there a point to life on planet Earth, Bro Jessie?” She frowned.
“Is there a point of rain on groves of trees, Mia?”
She nodded. “I concede. The rain is needed to grow trees, but trees can grow without mankind. I see mankind as a destructive and wasteful and mean force to every single living thing that Almighty God has ever created,” she exhaled with a sad heart.
“You have touched my soul, Mia.” He exhaled with a sad tone.
“Does He cry?”
He nodded with a sad face. “My Father cries every second, minute, and hour of day and night over His creatures.”
“I’m so sorry, Brother Jesus. I want to cry, also. I want to slap the butts and the hands for greedy and hateful and other nasty things that mankind including the men, the women and the children do to the plants, the animals and the entire planet which Mother Nature cares and tends.” She said with fury for the abuse and misuse of the world and nature and animals and other life forms that were helpless to defend themselves from man and mankind’s evil ways.
“Thank you, Mia.”
“I see the waste of resources for selfish reasons. I feel the pain of animals for nothing more than fun. I hear the voices of children crying for change. Why is this so, Brother Jesus?”
“And Almighty God said let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So, God created man in his own image, in the image of Almighty God created him; male and female created them. And Almighty God blessed them to be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the fowl of the air and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.” He quoted.
“Yeah, that’s what I’m talking about in Genesis 1:26. He told us that we eat animals for food and use animal furs to cover a naked body. Almighty God told us to treat animal with respect in Exodus 20:10.” She nodded.
“But, the seventh day is the Sabbath of Almighty God in it you should not do any work or your son or your daughter or your man-servant or your maid servant or your cattle or your stranger that is within your home.” He quoted.
“Almighty God say do not hunt for sport but for food. He informed all the people how to hunt, so the animals could continue to produce baby animals and keep the biological cycle circling in Deuteronomy 22:6-7.” She said.
“If a bird nest happens, by chance, to be before your walking pathway or up in a tree or on the ground, whether the birds are young ones or eggs and the mama bird sits upon the young or upon the eggs, then you shall not take the bird with the young. But, you should be wise and let the mama bird go and take the young with her that it may be well with you and you may prolong their life.” He quotes.
“I don’t want to hunt my food like a cavemen or a pioneer of historical America, but I can respect farmers that grow our dinner meals. Almighty God tells us to eat the animals and the plants and seeds in Genesis 1:29.” She said.
“Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed which is upon the face of all the earth and every tree, in which the fruit of a tree yielding seed to you it shall be for meat.”
“And He told us that the animals only eat plants in Genesis 1:30.” She said.
“And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to everything that creepeth upon the earth with life, He has given every green herb for meat and it was so.” He quoted.
She nodded. “In Genesis 9:2-3, He told us to eat certain animals such like fish and bird.”
“And the fear of you and the dread of you shall be upon every beast of the earth, and upon every fowl of the air, upon all that moveth upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea into your hand are they delivered. Every moving thing that lives shall be meat for you even as the green herb has been given to you also.” He quoted.
“And the type of animal Almighty God explained to eat is inside Leviticus 11:1-3.” She nodded.
“And the Lord told Moses. Moses told Aaron. Speak to the children of Israel and say that these are the beasts which can eat among all the beasts on the Earth. The animal with the parted hoof, cloven-footed that chews the cud among the beasts, you can eat.” He quoted.
“The type of fish is in Leviticus 11:9.”
“You can eat all fish with fins and scales in the seas and in the rivers.” He quoted.
“When I read that John the Baptist ate honey and locusts, I almost barfed. That’s disgusting.” She laughed.
“It was the only nutrient available in the desert wilderness, Mia.” He smiled.
“I know that.  It was a long time ago before grocery store. It’s still gross.” She frowned.
He laughed. “I would suggest that inside today’s supermarket locusts would be classified as a gourmet food snack.”
“And the grilled and gourmet locust would be more expensive than a luxury four-door sedan,” she giggled.
“I agreed with your analogy, Mia.” He nodded.
“Locusts are insects, right?” She frowned.
“You can eat of every flying thing with four legs that leap into the sky. And you can eat the locust and the bald locust and the beetle and the grasshopper.” He quoted with a smile.
She frowned. “I got to look at one up. I don’t eat bugs. Not happening! No way!”
“Honey makes everything taste sweet.” He grinned.
“Do you add honey on the five loaves of bread and two pieces of fishes in Matthew 14:16-21?” she smiled.
He nodded with a smile. “It was an awesome day as teens say.”
She laughed. “And it was an awesome party with five thousand men, women and children.”
He chuckled. “I can see how you would describe that overcrowded event from a layteen’s view.”
“Except teens are smart enough not to eat abomination fowls as in Leviticus 11:13-19,” she giggled.
“And you must not eat the eagle, the osprey, and the vulture and the raven and the owl and the night hawk and the cuckoo, and the hawk and the swan and the pelican and the stork and the heron and the bat and the gier-eagle…”
“What’s a gier-eagle?”
“It is an abomination fowl which shall not be eaten by teens.” He smirked.
“Ah! You didn’t know. I guess that I’ll research that beasty, later,” she giggled.
“Beasty?” He frowned.
“Yeah, it is ancient term used by you,” she smirked.
“I think not.”
“I think so.”
“I do not recall using the term ‘beasty,’ Mia.” He frowned.
“What about the unicorn?” She nodded with a smile.
“What about the unicorn, Mia?” He smirked.
“You know? The unicorns are described in the Bible inside verse Job 39:1-12.”
“What about unicorns in the Bible?”
She exhaled. “Are they real or not?”
“Were they real or not? Is that your posed question, Mia?”
She rolled her eyeballs and smiled at him. “Is this a philosophical debate?”
“The unicorn, whose strength is great, is useless for agricultural work, refusing to serve man or harrow the valley.”
“Where did the unicorns live on planet Earth?”
“Unicorns are real along with peacocks, lambs, lions, bullocks, goats, donkeys, horses, dogs, eagles, and cow calves. Brother Job saw and learned that Almighty God was far above man in power and strength like the animal world was represented by the animal called a unicorn.” He smiled.
“Where is the unicorn living on planet Earth?”
“The single-horned animal is alive and breathing at this moment.” He chuckled with fun.
“Holy Man, I know about the rhinoceros. Everyone kid in the elementary school second grade does,” she frowned.
“The unicorn skipped like a calf, traveled like a bullock, and bleed red blood when they died.” He quoted.
“That passage comes from Psalm 29:6 and Isaiah 34:7. Are they really real?” She frowned.
“They are as real as my nose.” He smirked.
She exhaled. “Come on, Holy Man! Tell me?”
“Did the dodo bird exist?”
She exhaled. “Yeah, you got the brownie point. Mankind saw it and then killed it completely off the planet. I read that in my school books. And I also read in eighteenth century in the country of Africa, the unicorn was drawn on the rock and described as a fierce, single-horned, equine-like animal.”
“The extinct elasmotherium existed and was recorded in the year 1849 historical records.” He smiled.
“El...as…mother...ium, what?” She frowned.
“Elasmotherium is a giant rhinoceros which could possibly be the fabled Biblical unicorn that displayed a thirty-three inched long skull with a bony protuberance on the frontal bone that contained a massive horn where Julius Caesar described in the Gallic Wars.” He nodded.
“Could be?” She frowned.
“Did Julius Caesar live?” He smiled.
“Geez! I am so sorry that I ever asked about the herd of sweet little unicorns,” she moaned with regret.
“They were not little.” He smiled.
“Closed topic.”
“And not sweet,” He grinned.
“Bro Jessie?”
He chuckled. “You wanted to know my answer about the unicorn, Mia.”
“I did. I got one. End of the topic! New subject matter? The Bible tells mankind that God cares for all animals, including the missing unicorns in Psalms 104:10-18.” She smiled.
“He sends water down the valleys from the hills. It is drink to every beast of the field. The wild asses quench their thirst. The fowls will sing on the tree branches. He waters the hills and the fruit of food. He causes the grass to grow for the cattle and the herb for the service of man for food, provides wine for the heart of man, oil for a face to shine, and bread for to strength man's heart. The trees are full of sap. The cedars of Lebanon are for the birds to nest. The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats and the rocks for the conies.” He quoted.
“He tells us, dumb humans to care for the enemy’s animals, too, in Exodus 23:5. I bet people don’t know that Biblical decision,” she frowned with sadness. “He cares that there are plenty of animals for animals and mankind, in Luke 12:6. I don’t think people do that in a heart, only a pocketbook for fun torment and vile torture. I wished that I could help all the animals in the world,” she exhaled with sadness.
“Are not five sparrows sold for two farthings, and not one of them is forgotten before Almighty God?” He quoted.
“He protects us from wild animals even though some animals should be allowed to shed the innards of nasty people. That’s my new scripture…”
“Mia.”
“Wild animals will hunt at night when we sleep during the evenings as told in Psalms 104:19-23,” she nodded.
“He appointed the moon for the seasons. When the sun goes down, it becomes dark. It is the time when all the beasts of the forest hunt and move forth. The young lions roar after a prey and seek the meat from Almighty God. When the sun rises, the beasts gather together and lay down inside their dens. Man goes to work and performs his labor until the evening.” He quoted.
“Why are the whales so intelligent and sing so many beautiful songs? Why does man kill them, if mankind might be able to communicate with the singing whales? I’m very confused, Jesus.”
Silence invaded the booth. “People think they are so supreme. Almighty God says that man is not any better than animals in Ecclesiastes 3:19.”
“Whatever befalls the sons of men will befall the beasts everyone thing befalls them as the one dies, so dies the other. Yes, they have all one breath, so that a man has no preeminence above a beast for all is vanity.” He quoted.
“For all is vanity, vain, you can bee so vain. That’s a famous song. I guess that the author got it from the Bible. I like that passage, too. Almighty God is one smart cookie,” she smiled with a nod.
He chuckled, “Amen, little sister.”
“Almighty God tells us to be kind to all animals. They are His creatures, not ours as it is stated in Numbers 22:32,” she smiled.
“And the Angel of God said to mankind, if you hurt the ass, then your social behavior is perverse, before Him.” He quoted.
“I had a cat, my mom’s pet. When she died, I prayed that she made it into heaven,” she exhaled with love for the family pet.
“Muffin is living on West Valley Road with a nice family, who has a small daughter. She enjoys petting her furry little neck,” He smiled.
She sobbed with sweet tears of love. “Muffin loved her ears to be scratched and her neck throat to be smoothed. I remembered her soft black fur, after so many long years.”
“She enjoys the warm and comforting feeling today with her new master.” He smiled.
“I’m happy for Muffin. She found a nice family. I would be upset, if she had been hurt or abused or alone without food or water or protection,” she smiled.
“Muffin is safe, sound, and very loved.” He smiled.
“Did you have a pet as a child, Bro Jessie?”
“All the animals in the world are my pets, Mia.” He nodded.
“So cool! I wished that I could talk to animals like you,” she smiled.
“Maybe, one day, when you understand the world and the universe.” He nodded.
“Thanks! I can’t wait to know everything about the world and the universe.”
“Time comes very fast.” He nodded.
She smiled. “Is that another Bible verse? I don’t recognize it.”
“An expression, I selected to use to answer your inquiry.” He smiled.
“To me, the most amazing piece of scripture about animals is the Ark with Noah in First Peter 3:20...”
“In which sometimes, some of the animals were very disobedient inside the boat. The longsuffering of Almighty God waited during the days of Noah, during the ark preparation. Then only eight souls were saved from the flood waters.” He quoted.
“He only saved eight people from an entire planet of people. But every kind of animal was saved from the deadly flood waters. He only saved eight people and no more. What does that tell you about humans in Almighty God’s eyes and ears?” She exhaled.
“Amen!” He nodded.
“Man, woman, children, and animals, they are all Almighty God’s creatures. He created all of us. We eat them. They eat the others. The balance and order thing in the entire Earth and Heavens that I feel mankind violates and ignores. But not for long as it is stated in Isaiah 40:12,” she laughed for the other stupid humans, who will be surprised of Almighty God’s ways, which were secret and hidden, sometimes.
“Well said, Mia!” He nodded with a smile.
“Thanks, Bro Jessie! I like to pray about animals for peace and safety, also. Do animals have animal heavenly angels?”
“Kinda.”
“Do you want to elaborate there, Holy buddy?” She frowned.
“No.”
“Well, they should have animal angels to guide and protect them from mean people here on planet Earth. All the Earth animals should have rights like a US American citizen,” she nodded.
“Do all people on planet Earth have rights like a US American citizen now?” He said with a stern face.
“No.”
“Would you help change that, Mia?”
She smiled. “Yes, I would help to change that. Are you starting a holy war, Bro Jessie?”
“No, Mia.”
She nodded. “So, how long are you visiting with us, poor sorrow worthless mortals?”
“You have deducted that I am 165 million years or near. I started interacting with mankind about the last 10,000 years.” He smiled.
“I’m right,” she bounced up and down inside the booth with a smile.
“Sorta.”
“Okay. You are here on planet Earth inside a coffee and donut shop in Birmingham, Alabama. USA. What is your mission?”
“My mission?”
“Yeah! What is your mission/purpose/goal/reason/thing? I ran out of nouns with my limited brain cells. I guess,” she giggled. “I sound like I’m interviewing an alien from outer space. Hey! Are you from…”
“No, Mia.”
“I am just asking. Hey! Can I take a pic of you with my cell, please? I would like a keepsake like an ornament for the holiday,” she nodded with a smile.
“No, Mia.”
“I was just inquiring.”
“The Son of Man has come to seek and to save that which is lost.” He quoted.
“Luke 19:10,” she nodded.
“Put onto your self Holy of Almighty God, beloved of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, and longsuffering.” He quoted.
“Colossians 3:12,” she nodded.
“Husbands love your wives. Children obey our parents. Parents provoke not your children. Servants obey your masters. Masters give your employees which is just and equal. Peace of Almighty God rule in your hearts. My words dwell in wisdom and continue to pray and watch for thanksgivings.” He quoted.
She smiled. “Okay, you are preaching your words that specifically come from Colossians, chapter three, verses 14 to 25 and chapter four and verses one and two. So, it was a stupid question.”
“No, Mia. It was a very good deduction, since you are very good at referencing the Bible, using my words. Why don’t you guess why I am here?” He smiled.
“I get it. A mind game, I like challenge,” she smiled.
“Excellent! Do you know the most important law of the Ten Commandments?”
“Sure! Love the Lord with all your heart, soul, mind, and strength. This is the first commandment from Mark 12:30.” She smiled.
“Excellent, Mia! Do you know the second important commandment?”
“The second is to love thy neighbor as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than this which comes from Mark 12:31,” she cringed with the mental thought. How her family, her friends, and her neighbors fought, spat, and cursed at each other over little things, such like, money, property, and all types of earthly treasures. Christians did not seem to be doing a good job of loving thy neighbor but a darn swell job of loving themselves with all kinds of earthly pleasures.
He smiled with a nod. “Are you alright, Mia?”
“I was thinking about that particular commandment: love thy neighbor.”
“Your thoughts betray you, Mia.” He frowned.
She gasped. “Hey! Don’t read my mind, Bro Jessie.”
“It was your facial expressions that pained my heart.” He said with sadness.
“O. I’m sorry for snapping,” she smiled with a set of deep mixed feelings.
“You seem to have a lot of serious items floating around in your brain cells.” He nodded. “Yeah,” she exhaled.
“Please, allow me to give you a hint about my presence here back on Earth.”
She nodded. “Okay.”
“Listen, I tell you a mystery…”
She rolled the eyeballs and looked back at him with a smile. “You are so melodramatic, Bro Jessie.”
“We will not all sleep but will be all changed in a flash, in the twinkling of an eye at the last trumpet.” He quoted and paused for a response from Mia. He nodded. “Mia, where does that quote?”
“First Corinthians 15:51,” she softly said with a stern face.
“Do not let your hearts be trouble. Trust in Almighty God and trust in me,” He smiled.
“John 14:1. That verse is comforting,” she exhaled with a heavy heart.
“In My Father’s house, there are many rooms. I am going to prepare a place for you. And I will come back and take you to be with me.” He quoted and paused for a response from Mia. “Mia?”
“John 14:2 to 3,” she, softly said with a stern face.
“At the time, the Son of Man will appear in the skies and then all the Earth will mourn. They will see the Son of Man coming on the clouds of the sky with power and great glory. And he will send his angels with a loud trumpet call and they will gather the four winds from one end of the Heavens to the other.” He quoted.
“Matthew 24:30.”
“No one knows the day or hour, not even the angels, only Almighty God.” He quoted.
“Matthew 24:36.”
“Two men will be in the field. One taken and the other left. Two women will be grinding mill. One taken and the other left.” He quoted.
“Matthew 24:40 to 41.”
“After the man was taken up before their eyes, a cloud hid him from their sight.” He quoted.
“Acts 1:9 to 11.”
“I, who has taken you into heaven, will come back in the same way you have seen me go into heaven.” He quoted and paused for a response to Mia. He said. “Mia?”
“Acts 1:10 to 11,” she softly said with a stern face.
“In heaven, we are still alive and will meet the Lord in the air. And we will be with the Lord forever.” He quoted.
“Thessalonians 4:16 to 17.”
“Our citizenship is in heaven and we eagerly await a Savior from there, the Lord Jesus Christ.” He chuckled. “Me. By His power will transform our lowly bodies like His glorious body.”
“Philippians 3:20 to 21.”
“Excellent, Mia. I am very well pleased with your comprehension.” He smiled with happiness.
“You’re talking about when believers of Almighty God will suddenly without warning and disappear from their homes, their beds, their desks, their cars on planet Earth in the twinkle of an eye,” she exhaled with confusion.
“Yes.” He smiled with a nod.
“Before you charge down with horns and bells from the Heavens...”
“And…”
She exhaled with a stern face. “You are here for the Second Coming of You, and the final battle of good versus evil.”
“Awesome, Mia,” He nodded with a smile.
“The scary thing of which you say is that a lot of people…”
“Not so nice people…”
“So, a lot of people didn’t go with you into heaven, Brother Jesus. I read the parts in the Bible. I feel…”
“You feel sad and worried for your fellow earthlings.” He nodded.
“Yes, I feel that way, Bro Jessie. Today, everyone christened in a church or in a lake called themselves Christians. So, some of the Christians will be left behind after the secret collection before you start the bloodshed with Satan. Did you decide that?”
“The soul decides his or her fate by acts of love, kindness, longsuffering, patience, gentleness, and other good traits which are outlined in My Father’s book or the Holy Bible.” He nodded with a smile.
She nodded with a stern face. “I got it. But, I don’t think lots of people, including Christians get it. They are arrogant to think that they have time to be nice to people, especially people that they fight and yell with over silly stuff like money, cars, cells, and such.”
“You are very perceptive, Mia.” He nodded with a smile.
“I’m guessing here. So, are you here to help people prepare for the next event which is the Second Coming of Jesus Christ?”
“No.”
“But Jesus, you are here and you didn’t announce it. Or I missed it on television. Granted, I don’t have digital or satellite television, but the local news station should’ve televised it to everyone in the newspapers, magazines, television plasma, and radio and the entire globe.”
“You should say the event, Mia. You know the word in your heart and in your mind.” He nodded with a grin.
“I think that I have guessed the topic we’re discussing. Thanks for your helpful hints.” She didn’t want to think about the terrible consequences of the world with all the nice and mean people.
“Mia, you look very pale.” He gasped with concern.
“I think we should talk about something else, Bro Jessie. I understand the un-said topic. 
Okay?” She looked down at the table surface, instead of Brother Jesus.
“Come on! You know what event I am talking about. Why are hesitating, Mia?” He smiled.
She whispered, “The Rapture.”
“Correct.” He smiled.
“That means?” She dropped open and shut a mouth a worried brow.
“You understand the concept of the Rapture,” He smiled.
“And the Tribulation?”
He waved a hand with a stern face. “That is not important at this time.”
“Why not?” She gasped.
“I will explain later.”
She gasped. “But, the Bible states the Rapture first, without you. Right? You are not supposed to be here until the Rapture came and went like the winds…”
“You are a wonderful artist, Mia.” He smiled.
“Brother Jesus, the Rapture comes first and then the Second Coming of Christ which is you, the Tribulation, the Anti-Christ, the Millennial Kingdom, The Future Judgments by Almighty God in that order.” She dictated the information from the Chapter Revelations, expressing with worry, concern, and mercy.
“I changed the order.” He smiled.
She gasped. “You…you can’t do that.”
“Mia, I can do anything that I please to help My Father’s children,” He smiled.
“Yes, of course, I’m sorry to question your mission, Brother Jesus,” she nodded as she was not worthy to question the intentions of Brother Jesus on His Father’s planet Earth.
“Apology accepted.” He smiled.
She exhaled. “So, the Rapture had happened. Was it like yesterday or the next day or the other day?”
“Not important now!”
“Yes, it is, Brother Jesus. People need to know this data, this event, this happening, this thing, right now.”
“No, Mia.”
“If I’m understanding you, your conversation, Ly, and Gab who are sitting over there at the food counter, the legion of Angels, and your Bible quotes, then the Rapture has which is past tense and not future tense of will, but has happened. Then, Christians don’t know this Biblical occurrence. You need to tell them, sir, Brother Jesus, please.”
“I am afraid it is too late to tell them, Mia.” He nodded.
She shook her cap and banged both fists on top of the hard table surface. “No. You can make time. You…you are good and loving and caring and forgiving,” she nodded with a stern face of hope and justice for people of the world.
“People do not know, because the people, including the Christians, did not make the cut.” He frowned with sadness.
She gasped. “Make the cut! An expression for missed it or missed the Rapture, the first great big event. They didn’t go up and into heaven as told by the Bible scripture.” This was an important event which affected every individual child of Almighty God.
“Correct, Mia.”
She expected to be left behind from the Rapture when she read about the event inside the Holy Bible. She was a sinner in the worse possibly way when she was compared to the church-going freaks, who attended every Sunday morning, noon, and night. Also her dad enjoyed reminding Mia of her evil ways that she couldn’t seem to stop. She exhaled with a puff of worry and quickly prayed for everyone inside her head.
She turned and looked around the small interior of the coffee and donut shop as people continued to chat with a dull conversation, ate sugar coated donuts, and sipped on a cup of hot coffee, without noting that Brother Jesus was sitting in a back corner, watching them. They had missed “the Rapture.” They were in the same boat with Mia.
Mia breathed deeply with a sigh. This was bad. This was very bad stuff. This was the worse stuff of green colored fresh smelly poopy lying inside all the cow fields on planet Earth. She turned and pointed to the people around the shop for mentally and visually verification with a stern face and back to Brother Jesus. “Everyone here has missed the Rapture also.”
“Bingo.” He smiled with a nod.
“I’m not trying to argue. I’d like to point out the stories in the Bible make people think that the Rapture will occur in about the year 10,501 AD, not present day, not now, not yesterday, Brother Jesus. You fooled them and us and me. You got a great sense of humor,” she softly giggled with a nod.
“You joke is literally correct, Mia.” He smiled. “I must comment that these viewpoints were written by mortal men and women, Mia. The real Rapture is my ‘thing’ so to speak. I can come anytime I want too, literally.” He nodded with a stern face.
“Okay. I got it. You can and saw nothing good. Did lots of people go into Heaven?” She smiled.
“Have faith in me, Mia.” He nodded.
She exhaled. “I am trying. So, some people failed or lots of people failed. I got it. So, a few people want to heaven…”
“The count was very low.” He said.
“Tell me, please?” She nodded.
“You can guess, if you would like, Mia.” He nodded.
“How low is low, lower than one million people?” She paused with a worried brow. He didn’t response. She said with a worried heart. “One hundred people, including babies.” He didn’t response. She said with a worried mind, “Ten thousand people.” He did not response. She exhaled with a puff of worry. “I’m going for broke. Okay! The amount is less than one hundred people.” She guessed the number of saved people in the Rapture.
“Ten people,” He said with a sad expression.
“Holy sh…”
“Mia!”
“Holy spit balls, Brother Jesus,” she breathed with a set of shallow huffs with mixed emotions.
“You seemed to have comprehended the effects and consequences of the event very well, Mia.” He smiled with a nod.
“I want more confirmation and verification and justification. You are telling me almost everyone failed the Rapture test. There are six billion people who live and breathe on the planet, Brother Jesus.” She nodded.
“Do you want an honest answer or a teasing one, Mia?” He raised an eyebrow.
“Honest answer, please, from you?” She nodded.
“F-minus for six billion people, take ten or so out of the mix.” He softly said.
She gasped with a worried brow, “Whoa, the wild mustangs! This is bad, badder than bad. The baddest of the bad...”
“You are correct, Mia.” He nodded with a whisper.
“Can bad be turned back into good, Brother Jesus?”
“Let me ponder that statement for a few minutes.” He nodded with a serious note.
“Right, Bro Jessie! I understand. The babies are in heaven. They are innocent and cute. And the little kids, they can be a set of snots, but they are innocent, too. I guess that teens are a different manner. Huh!”
“Teenagers are from a different universe.” He grinned.
She laughed. “I’m not. I’m an earthling who is born and raised here.”
“You are at that.” He smiled.
“Okay. Well, I’m almost an adult, but not yet. Adults are really hard to figure out. I try with my dad so many times and never succeed. Well, he didn’t make the cut. He’s too greed and sometimes mean.” She nodded
“You should not judge, Mia.” He frowned.
“I’m not judging. Da…dang it…darn it, I just know. I’m not good enough for heaven either. My dad likes to remind me with my evil ways as I am going to be sent down to Hell, one day. So based on all my deductions and conclusions, you’re still here,” she breathed deeply. “They’re here. My dad’s still here. I’m still here. I’m not in heaven as told by the Rapture instructions. I’m not dead on the floor. I’m breathing and live in the booth in Birmingham, Alabama on planet Earth. O no! My dad is right. I’m going down to hell to serve Satan.” She gasped with panic with death too afraid to cry or sob.
He turned to the side with a stern face to see one of the side booths with a firm voice, “Back off, Lucifer! Mia’s with me.”
She tucked down a chin into the neck and turned with a worried brow to scan the open floor of the coffee shop with a cringe. “Satan’s here.”
“Follows me around picking up my leftovers…”
“Where is he or she?” She scanned each booth, trying to figure out the infamous supernatural VIP.
“Over in the corner and dressed like a sweet grandmother.” He returned with a smile to see Mia.
“A female dog, figures,” she laughed.
He laughed. “Your sense of humor is biting, Mia.”
She turned and scanned the food counter with the heavenly angels with a worried brow. “I see Ly moving over there to talk with a sweet grandmother inside one of the booth.”
He exhaled. “We always communicate together.”
She returned back with a worried brow and a gasp. “About what?”
“Souls?”
She cringed, “My soul?”
“You and your soul are safe with me, Mia.” He smiled and sent out vibes of love and protection.
“Thanks, Brother Jesus! I’m very relieved that I’m safe with you and not going…” she pointed down towards the tile floor as a reference to hell. “You know down there. What’s going to happen to me? I’m feeling really scared and afraid, Bro Jessie.”
“I want to discuss that with you, Mia.” He nodded with a smile.
I gasped. “My mom is in heaven. I’m thankful for that, Bro Jessie. I talked with her before I entered the coffee shop. She was at work as usual and planned to eat lunch with her at noon, so I guess not today. Is my mom in heaven as one of the ten people that you selected for the Rapture?”
“No.” He exhaled.
She shook her curls with sobs and a worried brow. “No! But my mom, she is a nice person, a good Christian. She has her faults, since she’s a human being like me. She deserves to be in heaven, not hell.”
“Mia, that is not my decision.”
She waved both arms in the air with a shout of worry. “No! She has to be in heaven. She’s my mom. She’s good and loving and kind to me and to everybody and animals on planet Earth. Everyone, she loves everyone.” She sobbed with quick breathes.
“No, Mia.”
She gasped with more worry. “What? I don’t understand. This is not right. You…you’re our Lord and Savior that she worships and loves, I mean, who decides, if not you, Brother Jesus.” Mia started crying with worry and mercy.
“Being a Christian is following my words and acting in love and kindness…”
She tossed both arms with a face of tears of worry. “My mom’s the gentlest kind person on the planet to me, her neighbors, strangers, little animals, stray animals, too.”
“You sound like a television advertisement, Mia.” He chuckled.
“I am being serious. This isn’t a joke. I don’t understand your flipping ill-placed humor at this serious point of our conversation,” she shouted with fury.
“Mia, what are the traits of a Christian?” He said with a calm tone.
She wiped the tears from a wet face with a stern brow. “Give me a sec! I’m emotional right now. When my emotions take over my mind, I can’t think,” she cleaned both the tear-stained cheekbones.
“Mark 12:30.” He quoted from the Holy Bible.
“I thought you don’t know the chapter and verses of His book,” she snapped with fury and sniffed back up the clear snot into her nostrils.
“I do not normally use them in teaching.” He shrugged a shoulder with a stern face.
“My mom loves Almighty God and you with all her heart and her soul. She prays and worships every day, heck, every minute of the day,” she nodded with a smile.
“Worry.”
“Worry?” She frowned.
“Matthew 6:25-32.” He quoted.
She waved both arms into the air with a stern face. “Yeah, okay, worry. She doesn’t worry about lilies in fields as Almighty God speaks about, but she has good darn worries about me and her job and her…”
“Money.”
“Money?” She frowned with puzzlement.
“First Timothy 6:18.” He quoted.
“She doesn’t love or worship money. My mom has just enough to live on from her working job and demanding long hours and a little paycheck. Look! Every person worries about stuff, including money. You got to eat and to sleep somewhere and only money buys those things,” she reminded Brother Jesus to understand my mom’s precious life on planet Earth.
“You do not worry about money.” He smiled.
She exhaled with a nod. “I’m hard-headed and young. I can get money by working just one shift as a waitress. I spend it on what I need, when I need it. I don’t need much. I don’t worry. I go with the flow. But my mom is different.”
“You proved it when you gave from your heart to Mr. Evans the last amount of your evil money and the box of good food that you were going to consume that night. You went home tired and hungry, because Zany ate all the reminding food inside the refrigerator and left the apartment for the evening, while you worried and prayed to me and Almighty God for her well-being. You used the last of your five dollars to buy gas in your car for work tomorrow. You don’t complain to anyone. You didn’t get mad at me, Ly or Gab or My Father for your sudden poor situation, because you, Mia helped out of the goodness of your heart, sacrificing your earthly treasures for a stranger. Love one another.” He smiled.
A tear formed in her eyeball, “Yeah.”
“Has your mom every given her last twenty dollars to a stranger or to a friend?” He said with a stern face and a serious tone.
“To me…”
“You do not count, Mia.” He smiled.
“So, I am a saint. But she is a sinner, because I give up my money for a stranger. Not fair! Not right! I intend to argue with you. I know the Bible quotes and I can win this debate,” she yelled with a set of mixed emotions for saving her mom.
“You are missing the story, Mia. Your mom has never in the last fifty years sacrificed her last twenty dollars for anyone, because she feels her shelter, her food and her self comes first.”
“You can’t argue love thyself and then call someone selfish for thinking of one’s self first. Anyways, Mr. Evans has a mental illness. My mom could be afraid of him. His family shouldn’t have kicked him out of the house. His children should be searching for him, not my mom. And…and there are organizations to help Mr. Evans and others. He just has to go to any church’s back door and he can get food. All churches feed homeless people,” she nodded with a stern face.
He exhaled. “You are playing with semantics, Mia.”
“I’m defending my mom. I love my mom with all my heart and soul. We have been together for thousands of re-generations. You say so. You told me about the re-births from heaven down to Earth.”
“She can defend herself to me.” He said with a stern face and a stern timber.
“But she’s absent here. I’m doing it for her. I’ll fight to the death for her, my mom. I love her. She’s my world. I’m her world. She has given up everything for me. She suffered and survived because of me, her child, her only child, who was bad, very bad.”
“I am simply pointing out that your mom is a very healthy woman. One missed meal will not impede her medical condition. Am I not correct?” He said with a stern face.
She nodded with a stern face. “Okay. She didn’t know that. I’ll gently tell her to give up a meal or two or four for the poor and homeless today, when I see her. She can give them our lunches for today at noon. How’s that a good deed for the day? My mom is nice and sweet and loving to me and Zany and other people. She’s tired and busy all the time with her responsibilities and stuff.” I explain the future acts of kindness.
“No, Mia.”
“Based on your explanation, Brother Jesus, you would have us dress as John the Baptist in a set of loin cloths and live like a clan of stinking bears inside a damp and dark cave. This is the modern times, not back in your day. I don’t understand your illogic, Brother Jesus.”
“Mia.”
“It’s not fair to my mom or the other good Christians. I lived in my car and on the street and it’s hard. It hurt that no one helped me, not my family, either. My mom tried to help me. It wasn’t her fault. It was my fault, me. I caused the conflict in her life, not Mr. Evans or other homeless people. Mr. Evans, why is he not in heaven? What did he do bad on planet Earth? Nothing! He deserves to be there more than anyone else.”
“Only you would see that holy heavenly true fact, Mia.” He smiled.
“I see stuff good and wrong all the time,” she exhaled with pain.
“You take time out of your busy life to do something about it without someone forcing you or asking you to help or dictating a pretty sermon on a platform. You give with your heart, Mia. No strings attached.” He smiled.
She exhaled. “Life is hard for everyone, even church people. So, are you saying that you can’t be an average Christian? You have to be great, no, be an awesome Christian to participate in the Rapture. I don’t agree. This is wrong.”
“This is not your decision, Mia.”
“When my mom is involved, I love her. I want to be involved. I would do anything for her. Please, Brother Jesus,” she begged with tears and fear and sorrow.
“Your dad?”
She exhaled. “My dad and I are another matter. He abused and used me for his capital gains, only money. I’m only a dressing table trophy and additional tax breaks on his IRS Federal tax form in April.”
“Obey your parents.” He quoted.
“Brother Jesus, do not lecture me.” She frowned with a set of deep mixed emotions of fury, angry, fear, and worry.
“Obey me, Mia.” He quoted with a stern face.
She exhaled. “I am trying. You are making this most difficult. I obey you, sometimes. I believe and I see that my mom obeys and listens to you, also. This is not fair,” she whined with a pout of worry.
“My Father gave instructions within His Book for everyone, Mia, including your mom and you dad.”
“My mom loves you and obeys you like I do. You can’t send her to…you know where,” she sobbed with more free flowing tears of worry down both cheekbones. 
“Mia.”
She slapped a chest with a yell. “Take me to hell!”
“What, Mia?” He gasped.
“Take me, now!” she yelled.
“No, Mia.” He said with a stern face.
“I’ll take my mom’s place in hell and you send her into heaven in my place.”
“No, Mia.” He said with a stern face.
“I don’t want to see my mom in hell. I love her with my own heart and my invisible soul.”
“Mia.” He said with a stern face.
“I will die with pain and suffering, so she can live with peace and happiness.”
“Mia.”
“Please, my mom has lost so much happiness here on planet Earth. I can’t bear to see her unhappy for the rest of her life without her eternity in heaven,” she begged with a fountain of tears.
“Mia.”
“Please, Brother Jesus. Take me to hell now!” She stood upright from the booth. Tears rolled down both cheekbones from pain and panic regarding her mom’s ugly fate. She didn’t care about her own fate.
He shook a skull with a chuckle. “Mia, you engage in too many Hollywood movies. I do not replace a bad soul with another good soul. The system does not like that…”
“My mom isn’t a bad person, I’m saying, she has a good soul, not a bad one. She’s a good Christian,” she waved both arms wildly above her hair roots and readied to do battle with Brother Jesus.
He stood upright from the booth and reached over, gently touching one of the wavering hands with a smile. “Mia, please calm down. Please sit down in the booth. Calm, peace, love…”
“I will go to hell right now,” she waved the other arm with a worried brow for her mom.
He smiled with a soft tone, “Mia, calm.”
She heaved with a set of deep breathes of calmness and control. “Please, Brother Jesus.”
He smiled with a soft tone, “Mia, peace.”
“Is she in hell suffering?” She softly asked with fear and tears.
He released her hand and slid back down into the booth with a smile, shaking a skull. “No, Mia. She is at her desk, working her job down the street from the mall.”
She tossed both arms into the air with a smile and a nod him. “Wonderful! Thank you! Thank you so much, Brother Jesus. I’m so grateful for your love and your kindness and so is my mom. I know that is true too.” She sniffed the mucus back into both nostrils and wiped the eyes, clearing of the wet moisture. Mia did not know how to convince Brother Jesus to take her mom into heaven, but she would figure it out.
He smiled with a nod, “How about another respite?”
“Yeah, a break, I need a break also,” she slid out the booth and spun around, moving towards the female bathroom, wiping a red face of dried tears and snot.
The old woman stood upright from the side wall and another booth, spinning around and approached the booth of Brother Jesus, scooting down into the empty seat, speaking with a deep baritone timber with an evil smirk, “Que pasa, bro.”
“Nice dress, Satan.” Jesus smiled.
Satan laughed with a nod. “Thanks! Stole it off a homeless woman on Fifth Avenue.”
“You are always the jokester of the family, Satan.” Brother Jesus laughed with a nod.
Satan pointed an index finger down onto the table surface when a new mobile telephone appeared out of thin air. “Are you interested in the latest teen crime tidal wave? The percentage points are up nine point eight from the report, this morning, sonny?”
“I’ll wait on the Hollywood movie disc.” Jesus smiled.
“Humor runs on both sides of the family,” Satan laughed.
He exhaled. “Teenagers, I will never understand the young convoluted mind set.” Brother Jesus shook a skull with a puzzled brow.
“I want to mention that I am taking Zany tonight after her drug overdose of…an illegal substance.”
“Yes, I read the report.” Brother Jesus exhaled with a nod.
“We talked about this arrangement, last week, bro.”
“I need two more days to help Zany.” Brother Jesus said with a stern face.
Satan pointed up to the ceiling which represented heaven with a stern face. “Talk to the Big Man upstairs, bro.”
“I did.” Brother Jesus exhaled.
He frowned. “Some things are beyond our control, bro.”
“No offense, Satan! But I do not enjoy giving you any souls.”
He nodded with a stern face. “I understand, bro. And I respect your position.”
“Likewise…” Brother Jesus nodded.
“Are you going to tell little Miss Mia?”
“Easy dropping, again, Satan?” Brother Jesus smirked.
He shifted a body side to side inside the booth with a stern face, “There’s nothing else to do in this misery cold place.”
“She will find out later.” Brother Jesus watched the archway.
“Peace out, my brother! I’m out of here.”
“Later, Satan!” Brother Jesus nodded. Then, the old woman dematerialized inside the booth seat with no trace of evidence.
In the front, Mia re-entered the coffee and donut shop and advanced back towards the booth, sliding into the seat with a happy smile and a dry face, “Hey, Bro Jessie!”
He smiled. “I am very happy that you have returned. You feel the room with sunshine and warmth, Mia. Do you feel better?”
She nodded with a smile. “Yeah, I feel better. I understand. I guess. Do you see on television in real life, individual saving people, sacrificing everything? I want to do that for my mom. Do you understand me? Have you seen it?”
“Yes, Mia. This is my mission. The Rapture was not a success. Therefore, I, Ly, Gab, and the angels are here to save lives, before Satan gets them.”
“Mission, impossible! I’m don’t envy you, Bro Jessie,” she exhaled with sadness.
“Should I say thanks or no thanks for that statement, Mia?” He smiled.
She nodded with a smile. “Okay will suffice.”
“Okay.”
“You are going to encounter opposition like before as told in the Bible with the Hebrews and Pharisees. No one person of the six billion are going to believe you are here as Lord and Savior. I mean once you announce your presence to the world. I was surprised when I first encountered you and didn’t believe who you are.”
He smiled. “I am Jesus.”
“Prime, Bro Jessie,” she grinned.
“You are very astute, Mia, with your observations. But I have working strategy.”
“Which is?”
“He that loves his life will lose it and serve me, follow me, and be my servant. He that hates his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternity.” He quoted and paused for a response from her. “Mia, you did not cite a chapter or a verse.”
“I think I understand your operational strategy for your impossible mission, Brother Jesus. The verse was from John 12:25. I guess it is time for you to be harsh on lots of people both nice and not-so-nice,” she nodded with sadness.
“Ecclesiastes 3:1, everything there is a season and a time.” He quoted.
“I recall that passage from our earlier conversations.”
“Describe your mom to me, Mia?”
She nodded with a smile. “I immediately think of James 4:10, humble your selves in the sight of the Lord and he shall lift you up.”
“She endured a lot of pain from the drastic changes in her life.”
“James 5:13, is any merry? Let them sing psalms,” she smiled.
“She is happy.”
She nodded with a smile. “My mom is happy when her world is falling apart. Is any afflicted? Let him pray. She prays a lot, confesses her sins and announces her weaknesses, endures temptations, loves me, obeys the Ten Commandments, doesn’t judge or gossip, works hard, obeys authority, fears Almighty God and his wrath and worships you. I guess that she isn’t as worldly like other Christians.”
“O men of God, flee these things, and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience and meekness.” He quoted.
“First Timothy 6:11,” she smiled, “Hmm! That is another repeat of verses, but a good one.” Life was for people, who loved and served Almighty God.
“Does your mom not obey my words?” He frowned.
“Sorta, I understand the intent of the words more than before and how she applies or doesn’t apply the true righteous intent to her life. I have learned lots of new stuff today from our chat and now, I can teach her. Right?”
“Faith without works is dead.” He quoted.
“I see your point that is also repeated in James 2:26. Body without spirit is dead. Faith without works is dead. I have to agree. Well, I can tell my mom about this weakness. This is her only weakness that I see. So when we have lunch today, I will fix it as the southern folks say,” she smiled with a giggle and enjoyed the joy and praise of teaching the truth of Almighty God and Jesus Christ to the other people on planet Earth.
“Verbal faith is not enough like praying. Mental faith is insufficient. Faith must inspire action. Faith endures trials.” He said with a stern face.
“My mom has her share of trials. In my opinion, my mom has too many. Why are you picking on my mom?”
“Strong faith faces all trials that come and go which is sent by My Father to develop endurance. Faith does not allow us to consent to lust or sin. Faith produces doers by obeying my words. Faith harbors no prejudices. Faith is knowledge demonstrated by obedience from the promises of Almighty God to all Christians. Faith controls the tongue which is the most powerful part of the biological body.” He said with a stern face.
“Amen to that!” She nodded with a smile.
“Faith acts wisely with the ability to chose right versus wrong, separate worldly things and submit into My Father’s kingdom in heaven, giving Christians the ability to resist Satan and drawn nearer to My Father. Faith waits patiently for the coming of…me,” He smiled.
“Your words are taken from the epistle of James inside the new Testament along with your trying dry humor, Bro Jessie,” she grinned with a giggle.
“Do you believe my words, Mia?” He said with a stern face with a serious note.
“I feel you all the way down to my pinkie toes and back up to the natural black hair roots, Bro Jessie. Yes, Holy Man! I do very much so. That’s why my mom missed the Rapture, which is your thing and she got left behind with everyone inside this coffee shop, inside the mall, down the street, in the city, in the state of Alabama, the entire USA, and the world, including outer space aliens. I guess. Me, she, them, and they endured the troubles and trials but lacked the action to do something in simply kindness and love of Almighty God,” she took a big breath with the big worry.
“Yes, Mia.”
“So, sitting on your butt on top of the cushioned pew doesn’t get you into the pearly gates…”
“…or passed me.”
“I learn. I know. I see. I feel. I taste. I really appreciate the heads up and I will tell her today in a few hours from now. I love my mom. I will be taking care of her for the rest of my life until her final days of breath,” she smiled with her loving heart.
“You have a wonderful way with words. That is a beautiful saying. May I borrow it, sometimes?” He smiled.
Mia laughed. “Well, it’s not copyrighted, yet.” She smiled that Brother Jesus wanted to quote her.
“Thank you, Mia. And don’t sweat the small stuff, Mia. I have my people working on it as they say.” He chuckled with delight.
“Your people, you mean, the heavenly angels are your people,” she grinned.
“Those are the beings that I hang with.” He chuckled.
“Amen, bro!” She smiled.
“Do you believe me, Mia? I do not want your emotions overshadowing their work.”
“O ye of little faith!” she smiled.
He gasped with a mile. “That’s my line, Mia.”
“Quite famous and quite useful, I might add.”
“Behold the hour has come.” He said with a stern face.
She frowned. “You said that before your crucifixion in John 16:32. Why would you use that particular quote now here in the coffee shop? What’s going on here, Bro Jessie?” Mia turned and scanned the coffee shop with a worried brow, expecting an earthquake or snow storm or some kind other natural Almighty God-created disaster to occur before her eyesight and in her eardrums. There were people eating. People were walking outside in the mall lobby. The room did not move with action or sound. She glanced up at the big television screen on the wall. The reporter continued to update the public on the plane crash, the earthquake, and the assassination like Brother Jesus had predicted the tragic events to prove His existence to Mia.
“Mia.”
She turned and gasped at his face. “Great! There is another surprise coming from Brother Jesus Christ. My red blood pumping human heart can’t take much more bad news for the day, sir. Are you trying to kill me, Holy Man?”
He chuckled. “My Father has given me the power over the flesh and the eternal life for the six billion souls on planet Earth, His property really. This is eternal life to serve Him and me.”
She nodded with a smile. “I wanna do that, too.”
“Your present bodies on planet Earth are a living sacrifice which is acceptable to Almighty God which is your reasonable service to serve Him.” He quoted.
“Romans 12:1.”
“Not the scripture, the meaning, Mia.”
She exhaled. “I give. You are playing a mind game with me again.”
“Yes.”
“Ho hum! I, they, and them, a set of biological and chemical bodies are only outer stinky shells to hold our eternal living souls.”
He laughed. “That is an apt analogy. Do not conform to this world but be transformed by the renewing of the mind that proves good, acceptable, and perfect will of Almighty God.”
“Romans 12:2. I interpret. This one is hard to follow without stumbling down to the Almighty God’s green Earth. This world, the planet of Earth is a temporary home for Christians until the Second Coming of Jesus Christ, but you came and went and came. Or you just came and not went,” she shook her curls with puzzlement.
“What else?” He nodded.
“Geez! Uh, you should renew your mind to another space, time, place,” she smiled.
“Outstanding, Mia!” He smiled.
“Did I pass?” She giggled with a grin.
“My Father did very well when He created your soul, Mia. Your aura shines bright like a beacon in the fog from here into the gray skies. I was there at your creation.” He smiled.
She gasped with a smile and a nod. “That’s cool, Holy Man. Did I wet your hands also? My dad likes to repeat that story when I was a newborn peeing in his hands, without my diapers,” she giggled.
He laughed, “No, Mia.”
“When exactly did you come back and do your thing, the Rapture.”
“That is not important for the moment, so let us continue…”
“...the mind game,” she rolled her eyeballs and looked back at him with a giggle with amusement.
“Be kindly affectionate to one another with brotherly love in honor, giving preference to one another, not lagging in diligence, fervent in spirit, serving the Lord, distributing to the needs of the angels, given to hospitality.” He quoted.
“Romans 12:10-13. That’s easy. Christians are supposed to be nice and help everyone, including animals,” she slid out and stood beside the seat, twirling around with both arms in the air and a shout with a smile. As Mia turned, she saw all the people busy with drinking, eating and talking, not paying any attention to her noise.
“Awesome, Mia,” He smiled.
She stopped in front of the booth and stood upright with both hands on a hip with a puzzled brow. “Bro Jessie, why is everyone ignoring you and me? I just shouted really loud and it’s like no one noticed it. Everyone is eating and talking.”
“I have a force field as the scientific term applies around us. No one will interfere with our conversation or see you talking to me.” He smiled.
She smiled with a nod. “So, cool! Really, you can produce a force field. So, if I step out, then they would see me here with you.”
“I extended the area to cover both of us at the booth.” He smiled.
“What about Ly and Gab?” Mia thumbed back over a collar bone with a puzzled brow.
“They are equipped with the same talent.” He smiled.
“Cool! Can you teach me that trick, too? I could use it around my dad,” she clapped with a wicked smile.
“Maybe, some day, I can and will teach you that trick, too,” He grinned.
“Really? That’s neat. Well, it is good thinking on your part. We don’t want people to remember you being here inside a coffee and donut shop.” She nodded with a smile.
“Something like that!” He laughed.
“Holy Man, look at the time! It flew by like a sparrow with a pair of supersonic wings. I tired. Well, my mental thought processing system is tired from quoting all the Bible chapters and verses. I feel like you’ve been interviewing me for a job or something, Brother Jesus.”
“I would preface that statement with the explanation that you have been interviewing me, as well, Mia.”
“Wow! I interviewed Brother Jesus Christ.”
“You passed with a pole of flying colors and waving flags from every country in the world.” He smiled with delight.
“That’s great. But what did I pass?”
“My confirmation, Mia,” He smiled.
“Confirmation of what, Brother Jesus?” She frowned with puzzlement.
“I have confirmed that I would like for you to become one of my workers up there.” He pointed up towards the ceiling that represented heaven and become a…”
“Angel…”
“Do I get a pair of wings and other angel stuff?” She giggled with excitement.
“Yes, these are part of the gear.” He chuckled.
“So, cool! A pair of angel wings,” she grinned with delight and surprise. “I could work for you as an angel doing what. I don’t understand.”
“You only need to obey and serve me like you have done on planet Earth, Mia.” He smiled.
“So, I’m going to die from the surgery, next week.”
“No, Mia. The surgery will be successful. You will live and have a happy life after the surgery with Fred.”
“I don’t get it, Bro Jessie.”
“I am recruiting people to help me. The Rapture was not successful. I need souls to work with humans on planet Earth aiding them in seeing the light, the true light of faith and love as My Father wishes as opposed to greed, dishonesty and disrespect.” He nodded with a smile.
“Wow. That is a big job as an angel.”
“You are correct. My Father is tendered heart and loving. I am going to personal touch every person in the world with love and kindness and hope to convert some souls from evil to my side and play for the right team.” He smiled.
“Yeah, team!” She tossed both arms into the air with a smile and a cheer.
“A war cry!” He chuckled.
“Yeah! This is a war cry for the team angel. If I’m part of the team…?”
“If you will accept the job...”
“Are you asking and not forcing me to join the team?”
“I am asking you, Mia. This holy interview is open to you in performing my work of love and kindness.” He smiled.
“So, the job is like a soldier.”
“If that image conveys the meaning, then yes, you would be one of the Holy Army of Angels.” He nodded.
“Do I get to fight? Bang! Bam! Pow!” She lifted and punched out both arms with two fists with a smile.
He chuckled. “You watch way too much Hollywood television programming, Mia.”
“I don’t have paid television,” she smiled.
“Fighting is not a requirement for the job, only love and patience and kindness.” He smiled.
“I like to fight.  I’m good with my hands,” she lifted and punched out both arms with two fists with a smile.
“No fighting, Mia.” He shook a skull.
“Can’t I whip a fanny for being evil? Uoo! This is much better. Can I whip a bee-hind for hurting small children and innocent animals? I’d got a kick of that. Get it? A kick of my foot!” She punched both fists into the air with a giggle and a grin.
“No fighting, Mia.” He shook a skull.
“Okay. I was just asking, wishing really? Do I get a supervisor?” She smiled with excitement.
“A supervisor will be assigned until you are ready to fly on your own.”
“…with a set of my own new angel wings. I’ll be soaring like an eagle. I like that awesome church song ‘On Eagles Wings.’ I’ll be like the eagle but using my own wings. I’ll get a pair of angel wings. So, cool!” She giggled with delight.
“Your job is finding bad souls…”
“…before Satan’s gets them first.”
“Correct. That analogy works well so far.”
“Understood! When do I start, today? Should I go home and change my clothes? What spot in my place should I hide my new pair of angel wings? So, my mom doesn’t see them, Bro Jessie?” She nodded with a puzzled brow.
“Mia, you will work in heaven, not on planet Earth.”
She smiled with a nod. “This is so cool. I got to see paradise, before anyone else.”
“You will go to the heaven and then be assigned with an experienced angel supervisor…”
“One, that let’s me kick some real booty, right?”
“One, you would be responsible to me with duty and order to identify a set of bad souls of teenagers.” He said with a serious note.
“Awesome! I am ready, sir,” she smiled.
“Mia, you must die, before you can accept the job.” Brother Jesus nodded with a stern face.
She frowned, “Bumper. Can’t I work from here in Birmingham?”
“A human living on planet Earth has too many earthly temperaments.”
“Yeah, a human is tempted with the seven deadly sins like glutton, greed, vanity…” She exhaled. “I can’t recall them, now. I’m too excited and too everything about this job,” Mia bounced up and down inside the booth, feeling full joy and happiness.
“As an angel, you are immune to the sins of the material world and can focus on saving souls, Mia.”
“That is a really cool concept. I’m ready, Brother Jesus,” she nodded with excitement.
He exhaled with a stern face. “Mia, please listen carefully. This is very important.”
“Sure thing, Bro Jessie!” She sat upright inside the booth and stared at his eyeballs.
“I want to emphasize that your life as a human is going to be filled with happiness and joy.”
“Because, I’m not scheduled to die, now.”
“Correct! You will marry a nice man and have two children, a son and a daughter. Then you and your family unit will live in Birmingham until old age affects your health.” He said with a stern face.
“Wow! I’m going to get married and have two children. That’s so awesome. Thanks for the update. I like knowing my future,” she nodded with a smile pleasure.
“Mia, you cannot be married as a human on planet Earth and serve as an angel in heaven.” He said with a stern face.
“O. I have to decide a human or an angel,” she frowned with mixed feelings.
“You must decide. I only offer the options for your changed future.”
“Changed future?” She frowned.
“I am changing or alternating or modifying the fated outcome of your life, if you accept the heavenly job. You are destined to marry and have children. Your new choice would not allow any marriage or any children.” He said with a stern face.
“You can do this without your Father’s permission.”
“I have My Father’s blessings for everything. I just need to know what blessing you prefer from me.” He smiled.
She smiled. “Wow! You really are interviewing me for a job for eternity.”
“Correct, Mia.” He smiled.
She exhaled. “Okay. Can I ask you some questions?”
“Shoot with the straight arrows.” He grinned with humor.
“Does the heavenly job come with a set of supernatural abilities?”
“Angel power is the term that we like to utilize.” He smiled.
“Great, that sounds great! So, if I possess a set of angel powers, then can I help all people here on planet Earth?”
“The power levels are slightly different for each angel. But you would possess a set of awesome abilities which will be coupled with the talents that My Father has blessed you with from birth. For example, you possess an eidetic memory and a set of numerous language skills.”
“Angels have special languages to speak.”
“The soul can feel or sense past, present, and future behavior patterns. But, the soul has to learn the different languages in the world. You have a very special talent for speaking in foreign tongues.”
“A joke, Bro Jessie! I don’t speak in true foreign tongues,” she laughed.
“I am teasing you.” He smiled.
“So, back to my thoughts! If I possess a set of new angel powers, can I help any individual on the planet?”
“Yes, you can help any soul in trouble. That is the point of my recruiting your talents for the most impossible mission of your life, an angel life.” He chuckled with delight.
“So, it’s not my beautiful face and aqua colors eyes. You want my brain cells. Figures? I meet a nice guy for once and he likes my mind,” she smiled.
He chuckled. “I want your mind and your language abilities. Angels don’t have physical bodies per say.”
“Only a flowing gown,” she nodded.
“Correct, Mia.” He smiled.
“Wow! This is an impossible decision. What to do?”
“I will allow you time to ponder my proposal.” He slid out the booth and stood upright with a nod and a smile to her.
“How long do I have to decide?”
“You have all the time in the world. I’m going to converse with Ly and Gab getting a beverage for a while.” He moved ahead and advanced to the food counter.
“Thank you, Bro Jessie,” she exhaled with deep mixed emotions and concerns about her new fate, not the old one with a marriage and two children. Brother Jesus stopped at the food counter and engaged in whispered dialog with Ly and Gab. Mia pulled out her mobile telephone and dialed the familiar phone number, lifting the device into a face, waiting on the connection. She heard the familiar female voice on the other end, “Zany. Mia.”
She paused and listened to the voice of Zany.
She nodded, “Fine! Yeah, I am going to work later. Right now, I have got something important to ask to you.”
Pause.
“Look! Do me a big favor! Do not go to the party tonight…”
Pause.
“I don’t have a reason. Please, stay home and enjoy the new Hollywood movie disc that I got for you yesterday. Okay, Zany?”
Pause.
“Please, Zany, stay away from the party.”
Pause.
“Yeah, I am working on the rehab plans. I am really working on it, right now,” Mia swiftly turned and glanced to see Brother Jesus. Brother Jesus was talking with the Holy Spirit and the Archangel Gabriel and drank a beverage like a set of human adults instead of a group of VIP supernatural beings that come from heaven.
Pause.
She turned back around and stared at the far wall with a worried brow. “Please, stay home, tonight.”
Pause.
“I trust you, Zany. Please enjoy your evening with the new movie disc.”
Pause.
“Yeah, I will see you later, tonight. Bye!” She swished the icon shut and wiped the tears a worried face. Mia had to help her friend Zany, before it was too late.
Zany was so stubborn. She was going to attend the party with her scum-bag friends that Mia didn’t like.
Something bad was going to happen. Mia could feel it. And she had to save her friend Zany.
She turned with a stern face to see the food counter. Brother Jesus, Ly and Gab were staring back Mia. She exhaled and lifted, waving a hand to Brother Jesus to come back to the booth. He slapped a hand over the collar bones of Ly and Gab and spun around, swiftly moving back to Mia with a smile. She slid out and stood upright, spinning around to face him with a stern face and a serious tone. “I am ready, Brother Jesus.”
He stopped and stood in front of Mia with a stern face and a nod. “Are you absolutely certain, Mia?”
She nodded with a stern face. “Yes sir, Brother Jesus. I am ready to do your work for eternity and help save people on planet Earth.” Her heart pounded with a set of loud thumps of nervousness.
“All go unto one place, all are of the dust and all turn to dust, again.” He quoted.
“Ecclesiastes 3:20. Is this going to hurt, Brother Jesus?” Her palms sweated with worry and fright.
He chuckled. “You will be fine, Mia.”
“I’m a little scared, Brother Jesus.”
“The emotions represent you are well and alive as a human or an angel.”
“It does. But, wait! What about my mom?”
“You will see her, again.”
“I will. When will I see my mom, again, Brother Jesus?”
“I am the Alpha and the Omega…”
She smiled. “Hey! That’s not your line. The passage is from Chapter Revelations 22:13, which is usually quoted by Almighty God.”
“You are correct. I, sometimes, borrow the phrases. Cool, right, dog?” He chuckled.
She laughed, “Agreed, Alpha dog.”
He chuckled and then cleared a throat, speaking with a serious tone. “I am the Alpha and…”
“You are repeating yourself, Bro Jessie.”
“I have to do the thing from the beginning. So, please do not interrupt me, again.” He grinned.
“Sorry. Please continue, Bro Jessie,” she smiled.
“I am the Alpha and the Omega and the First and the Last, the Beginning and the End.” He smiled. “Mia, please tell me that you agree? And thanks for not interrupting.”
“Amen, brother!” She smiled with a nod.
“Close enough.” He shook a skull with a smile. “I will instruct and teach you the holy way to go. I will be your guide.”
“Psalms 32:8.” She smiled.
“Allow me to caution you, Mia.”
“I know. Be sober. Be vigilant. Because, your adversary, the devil is a roaring lion and walks around seeking whom he may devour next.” Mia quoted from the Bible with a smile.
“You are ready, little sister.” He smiled with a nod of joy.
She gasped. “I am…” He stood upright in silence. She stood upright in silence in front of him. Brother Jesus reached over and touched her collar bone with an extended hand.


Coffee and Donut Shop location
Cold temperatures with parted clouds of gray skies
3:12 pm
Floor space setting


“Ah!” The cashier scooted around the food counter and dashed ahead, stopping and squatted down beside the edge of the empty booth. A tall teenager rested on top of the floor that was unconscious with a set of shut eyelashes without moving. “Help!” She yelled out to each coffee shop staffer, still squatting at the booth and over the female.
A guy closest to the booth stood and dashed over towards the young teen. “Let me see the girl. I might be able to help the female,” he squatted down and probed the body of the teen.
“Call 911 for help, now!” The cashier shouted out to the counter staff. One of the staff reached over and grabbed, lifting up the landline telephone receiver into a worried face.
“The teen is not breathing. It is too late to save her.” The guy frowned with sadness down at the teen as a crowd of gathering audience of customers and staff members swarmed around the curled up female body.
The cashier looked up with a worried brow and shouted to each face, “CPR! Does anyone know how to administer CPR? Try to help her, right now! Get her heart to start working, right now! Then she can breathe and live again. Anyone? Please, come and try and revive this girl.”
The guy reached over and touched for a pulse and then a heart beat on her wrist bone and her neck muscle, “Sorry, ma’am! It is too late. I can’t raise a pulse. She is dead.”
The cashier looked down with a sad face to see the teen. “She’s so young. She looks asleep, not dead.”
“This is another tragic event for a young person. This occurrence has been happening around the world.” The elder man stood upright over the dead body of the teen, shaking a skull with a stern face.
“What did she die from the coffee?” A female voice shouted with rudeness and a gasp, standing upright inside the crowd with a worried brow.
“No foolish woman! Don’t be a gawd damn jerk, idiot. Have some respect for the fucking dead, rude lady! You’re a stupid wise asshole,” a male turned and yelled back at rude person who exhibited a set of bad manners.
The cashier exhaled with a sad face. “Is there any type of identification on her dead body? Check her purse?” 
The guy reached over and grabbed, lifting the purse into his face, “Sure thing.” He rummaged around and pulled out the item with a nod. “I have found her driver’s license. It states the name, Micena Torino, who is nineteen years of age. She’s only a teenager. So sad!”
“Young thing, her life was too short,” the older woman voiced with a set of tears within her eyeballs.
The cashier held out a hand. The male handed her the driver’s license. The cashier read out loud with a sad face. “Look at this! Her birthday is tomorrow on February fourteenth, Valentine’s Day. She was going to be twenty years old.”


Planet Earth location
Outer space setting and infinite time


“I feel funky, Brother Jesus.” Mia stood upright inside the invisible molecules of outer space without a solid platform and shook a new body that shifted like a piece of soft tissue paper.
“It is the set of new robes.” Brother Jesus wore a white gown with a chuckle and stood in front of Mia inside the invisible molecules of outer space without a solid platform too, turning to scan the bright stars throughout the universe.
She wiggled the sleeves of the blue colored fluttering robe with a puzzled brow, “Hey, Holy Man! I don’t have a pair of hands or a pair of arms or a pair of legs and no feet.” The two sleeves of a long flowing silver streaks of fabric.
“You are an angel, a servant of Almighty God and my massager for peace and love. You do not need a flesh and blood body, Mia.” He continued to stare into the bright stars with a smile.
“Do I have a head of hair? Or am I bald headed? I’ve never seen a picture of a bald angel. Then I never met a real heavenly angel either. Are there any bald headed angels, Bro Jessie?” She grinned with a giggle.
“No, Mia.” He continued to scan into the bright stars with a smile.
“I got no hands to touch my hair. Never mind! I see the ends. There’s the hair which is black colored like on planet Earth. Do I have the angel power to pick a different color of hair, Bro Jessie?” She shook her curls and stirred more stands of hair on the head. “Are my eyes the same shade of aqua? I can’t see them,” she giggled with grin.
“They are aqua. You can change the color of your hair and your eyeballs with your angel powers.” He continued to scan across the distance of outer space and time.
“O yeah. Right. My new angel powers, how do I use them?”
“You will be shown in a short time.” He continued to scan into the bright stars with a smile.
“That’s cool, Holy Man. But, I still feel really weird, Bro Jessie.” She flapped the silver sparkling satin gown without any arms and any hands with a chuckle.
“The distortion will wear off, once your soul catches up with your mind and your mind. Remember? You are learning the proper angel manners which are correcting your Earth attitude.” He continued to scan into the bright stars with a smile.
“I thought that you admired my attitude,” she giggled and wiggled her non-arms.
“Your altitude is being admired at the moment.” He looked down with a smile and pointed down to the object at the hem of her robe.
“Altitude?” She looked down with a gasp to see the object. “Hey! I, we are hanging over planet Earth. Hey! I’m going to fall back down on the planet. Help me, Bro Jessie!”
“You are an angel, Mia, without a pair of wings, but clearly airborne and floating, not falling.” He looked up with a laugh to scan into the bright stars.
“When do I get my angel wings? Hey! Can I change the color of my angel wings into purple or green? Are they all white? I’ve never seen angels without a pair of white wings? Well, of course, I have never seen any angel. I saw Ly, but she was dressed like a teen. I saw Gab as a cool dog. I saw Satan as an old woman. Hey! Can I change my appearance to an old woman or old man or a small monkey or a large elephant? I always wanted to a horse. No. I wanna be a unicorn. Yeah! Can I be a unicorn with a pair of wings? Yeah! So, cool! Why don’t you have a pair of white angel wings? Where are your white wings? Do you change the colors of your wings for fun? May I have pink wings, Bro Jessie? I like pink. Most people don’t like pink. I do,” she smiled with excitement.
“You have so many questions, little sister.” He continued to scan the bright stars with a smile.
“Where are the other angels? Do we have angel quarters or a house or a pad or a space ship? O. We have a pair of wings for flying. Do I get my wings today or tomorrow?” She danced side to side with excitement as she was an angel, not a smelly human.
“In meetings…”
“Meetings? That sounds boring. When do I meet them? Do I have to go to meetings? I’m an action kind of girl, not inaction. Did you get that?” She giggled, “So, cool!”
“You will be introduced, very soon.” He ignored her numerous questions and continued to scan the bright stars with a smile.
“Great! When’s lunch? Is there food at the meetings? I’ll drop over there now. I guess ‘drop’ ain’t a good term. I’ll hop over to the meeting. Is that okay? I can hop around space, too,” she giggled with the new terminology of flying for transportation the new body or a flowing robe, without both arms and hands and feet and legs.
“You do not need food or drink anymore, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a stern face.
“You were eating and drinking in the coffee shop.”
“In human form, I do.” He continued to scan the stars and the moons with a smile.
“Bumper! I love sweet tea. Is this the office of the angels?” She looked up with a smile at the glowing stars, the bright spinning planets, the twirling asteroids while seeing the development of the black holes and colorful forming new solar systems.
“Are you referring the television entertainment show, Mia? I do not have paid television.” He continued to scan the bright stars and the planets.
She laughed, “No, Bro Jessie. Is this your office where you work? Is this outer space as the earthling astronauts describe?”
“Technically, the scientific term would apply here. Yes, to answer your query. This is my working space. Please note the open undivided windows and wonderful penthouse view for observing shooting stars and wandering comets in the Milky Way Galaxy.” He reached out and pointed with a pair of arms and hands to the left and to the right around outer space.
“Why do you have ten fingers, a pair of hands, and a pair of arms? Do you have toes and feet underneath your gown? Can my gown be pink, also?” Mia smiled.
“I beg your pardon.” He looked back at her with a stern face.
She wiggled the sleeve with a smile. “Forget it, sir! I will learn it all in my angel class.”
“You are very correct, sister Mia. You will learn everything in the angel class.” He looked up with a smile to scan the bright stars.
She looked down with a smile to see the object. “I see planet Earth, the blues and the greens. Awesome! I always enjoyed the pictures taken for the school textbooks and on television. But, this is so much cooler. I can see blue, so much blue, the oceans and the set of white swirling clouds over the blue. Wait! I see landmasses. I guess these are deserts. Right? The color is a light brown. Forests, is that the Amazon jungles with lots of green. Right, Bro Jessie?” Mia turned and scanned the bright stars and the planets with a smile.
“Yes, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a smile.
“So, cool! Earth’s moon looks like a tiny silver ball. I guess there’s no life on the moon.”
“Yes, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a smile.
“Check out the sun! It is big, gigantic. Standing out here, it’s bright and hot. I can feel heat. Can you feel the heat, Bro Jessie? Holy Man, can I fly over and touch the sun?” She waved both sleeves up and down with a smile.
“No, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a smile.
“I’m an angel with angle powers now, not flesh and blood human…”
“Absolutely not, Mia!” He continued to scan the stars with a smile.
“I can do it fast like light speed. Do you know that sci-fi term, light speed?” she wiggled side to side with a giggle in outer space.
“The composition of the sun is different from your chemical makeup.” He continued to scan the bright stars with a stern face.
She pouted. “O. I am an angel now with a set of angel powers.”
“The answer is no. You will learn the reasons for this in your orientation angel class.” He continued to scan with bright stars with a smile.
“I have a set of angel powers. I don’t need classes like school to attend. I don’t like…”
“Life is a learning process, Mia, even as a new angel. You must read the information about the universe.” He continued to scan the stars with a stern face.
“Holy Man, I hate school,” she whined. “You don’t mention this, before I accepted.”
“You did not read the fine print.” He continued to scan the stars with a chuckle.
“What fine print?” She gasped. “You’re kidding me with another dry non-humorous joke, right? Hardy har, har! Since, you’re late with the pun,” Mia laughed.
“I promise this school will be fun and provide you with invaluable information and reasons for not traveling to the sun, the stars…”
“…the moons, the planets, the entire 165-million0year old universe. I can see Planet Mercury, blue colored. The scientists were right. Holy Man, I can see the pitied crates that were left by outer space meteorites, striking the surface and the ridge of mountains from earthquakes. I got Tele powers,” she smiled with a nod of delight.
“Tele powers, what are those?” He looked down with a puzzled brow at Mia.
She slapped a chest with a smile. “I’m a sci-fi character. Wow! I’m awesome, now.”
“Sci-fi character?” He frowned at her.
“I’m like one of the characters inside one of my favorite books based on all the science fiction techniques. I’m one, now. My sci-fi characters have a set of Tele powers. I can see objects far, far away which is called tele sight.”
“You are a character, Mia.” He shook a skull and looked up with a grin to see the bright stars.
She frowned. “Hey! That’s an insult to me.”
“It is a joke, Sister Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a smile.
“Okay. I will accept your statement as a joke, but don’t joke too much, since I might whomp you,” she wiggled both sleeves through the molecules of outer space.
“Whomp me?” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
“Yeah, it is an official sophisticated sci-fi term.”
“If you are certain?” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
“Yeah, I’m certain. With my tele sight, I can see way across the solar system. I see planet Mars and the red tall mountains. Can I go there one day?”
“One day.” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
She twirled around in a tight circle to see the universe. “Planet Jupiter and the mighty hurricanes are blowing on my radar, too. When I close my eyes, I hear the storm and feel the breeze on my face. Is that a special awesome power or what?”
“No, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
Mia wiggled the sleeves side to side, trying to find or feel her fingers. “Okay. I’m not that special. There is planet Saturn. Holy Man, those rings are so beautiful. I can almost touch them with my phantom finger tips. So, big and bright and twinkle from the sunlight. I made a poem,” she smiled with excitement, nervousness, and all mixed emotions.
“Yes, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
“I thought planets Neptune and Uranus were twin planets. They don’t look like twins. Planet Neptune is horizontal lines of blue, white, and navy blue. Planet Uranus is more browns with tan. The scientists need to update the school textbooks,” she smiled with her newfound universal knowledge.
“Yes, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
“Poor cold and ice covered Plutonian Belt is filled with the frozen little asteroids. Are they lonely out on the other end of the galaxy with no one to play with?”
“No, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
“Your responses seem to be related to my nosy questions, even though you’re ignoring me. What are you scanning out into the stars?” She turned and stared at his rotating face with a puzzled brow.
“Continue, Mia!” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
“Well, since I’m a sci-fi character. Can I fly without a pair of wings like teleportation?”
“Yes, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
Mia slightly a body shifted forward and back within outer space with a puzzled brow. “How do I do that, sir?”
“You will learn in…”
“…angel class. I got it. Well, let’s see. Can I read a mind, without moving my lips like telepathy?” 
“Yes, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
“I am concentrating on a mathematical number. Guess the number, Bro Jessie?” She giggled.
“Busy, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a stern face.
She frowned. “O. Okay. We’ll do the experiment later. Gotcha, angel boss! Does it work in reverse too? Can you read me?” Mia paused with a smile. He continued to scan the stars. She nodded. “I guess so, since you answer my prayers and my wishes and my desires. So, forget that question! I figured it out later.”
“Thanks, Mia.” He continued to scan the stars with a grin.
“A sci-fi character, which is me, can move objects, without touching them like telekinesis. And I can heal a body like telemetabolics. So, I got those abilities as a new angel.”
“Your imagination gets carried away, sometimes, Sister Mia. You have the same abilities, because you are an angel, not a cartoon character.” He continued to scan the dark cold outer space.
“Hey! I like those books. Do you have books here inside your office of cold and dark outer space?” Mia turned and scanned outer space, searching for a piece of furniture or a place of physical space.
“You can enjoy reading your books and novels, once your work is done. Remember? I hired you for a job.” He continued to scan the stars with a chuckle.
She continued to scan outer space with a smile. “Do I get paid money?” He turned back and stared at her with a stern face and a quiet manner. She turned and gasped, feeling red colored heat a face, pointing the sleeve upward. “I am pointing up at the space of heaven. Am I not correct?” Mia looked up with a smile to see the beautiful shiny stars and moons and planets in the Milky Way Galaxy. “Well, the angel office view is really cool. Nice space to work!”
“Thank you.” He turned and scanned the stars with a grin.
“So where’s my office space?” She continued to scan the stars with a smile.
“Pick a star as your chair and your desk?” He continued to scan the stars with a laugh.
“Alright! I see one that I like. Bro Jessie, where is my mom’s star?” She asked, since Mia had not attended angel class and did not know her angel power limits.
“I am sorry. Could you clarify your statement, Sister Mia?” He returned back and studied her face with a puzzled brow.
She turned back and smiled at him. “My mom’s office? Which star is her office desk? I can’t find it or figure it out.”
“Your mom does not have a star, yet.” He frowned.
She frowned with confusion, “Yet? You said that you were bringing all the good people from planet Earth one at a time to heaven, since they all missed The Rapture. I’m confused. Where is my mom? Is she in a different part of outer space here?”
“Sister Mia, I mentioned in the coffee shop that your mom will live a very long time on planet Earth.” He advanced a little closer to Mia with concern.
“I recall that. But, you meant in heaven with me, right?”
“Sister Mia, she is still located on planet Earth, working and living as a human…”
“…without me.” She gasped. “I died. She didn’t. She is by herself and all alone on Earth. I can’t stay here in outer space or heaven. I have to go back down to Earth, right now. I have to take care of my mom, today and beyond. She is getting older. I promised that I would care for my mom in her elderly life in her elderly years and beyond. I wanna go back home, right now,” she exhaled with fear, worry and angry.
“You are home here with me. I asked you to come and work for me as an angel.” He nodded.
“I can still work for you as an angel. I wanna work for you for an angel also. I will love to work for you as an angel, but I can do it from down there on Earth. I can be like a traveling angel,” she smiled with a nod.
“Sister Mia, I am sorry. There is no going back down to planet Earth. You have died and ascended…”
She sobbed with tears, flooding a face with sadness. “No. No. No. I can’t leave her down there on Earth. My mom needs me. I promised to take care of her forever,” she gasped with angry and worry.
He reached out and gently placed an index finger on her wet cheekbone with a smile. “Calm, Sister Mia. Please, listen to me.”
The tears continued to run down both her cheeks, burning the sensitive skin from the cold air winds of outer space. She gagged and coughed with fear and worry. “You tricked me to come up here and leave my mom down there…”
“Sister Mia.” Jesus names, softly.
She coughed and sobbed with tears. “I don’t like being tricked looking like a fool.”
“Sister Mia.”
She coughed and sobbed with tears. “I promised to take care of my mom in her old age when she’s wrinkled and stuff.”
“Sister Mia.”
She gagged and sobbed with more tears. “I don’t want this thing. I want my mom.”
“Sister Mia.”
She sobbed with more tears, “No, Mia, me! You tricked me.”
“Sister Mia.”
She sobbed with tears. “You lied to me.”
He said with a quiet tone. “Sister Mia.”
She coughed and felt the tears burn her face. “I assumed that my mom would be here with me in the stars. Ya tricked and lied to me,” she shouted with fury and worry at Brother Jesus.
“Sister Mia, your mom has more heavenly responsibilities to learn down on planet Earth. Then she can come up into the stars with you.” He smiled.
She tossed mouth spit and hot rolling tears of worry and angry. “I don’t believe you. You tricked and lied to me.”
“Do you hear the whispering?” He smiled.
“No.” Mia mouth spat more tears of worry and angry.
“Listen, very closely! The sound is very faint and very soft.” He shifted the index finger towards the middle of her forehead with a smile.
She sniffed back up the runny snot into both nostrils with a puzzled brow. “Listen to what? There’s nothing to hear but the wind burning my face.”
“Your mom is a very strong and faithful Christian. She is a good soul and has more of my work to continue on planet Earth. She understands that it was your time to leave planet Earth.” He smiled with a soft timber.
She softly said as the tears continued to roll down her face. “My mom knows that, but I need to help her down there on Earth. I promised to care for her forever.” 
“Listen.” He pressed the index finger firmly into the skin with a smile. “Can you hear the words?”
“Words? I hear whispers, faint sounds like a soft humming.” The tears rolled down her face.
“Close your eyes and listen with your mind and your heart.”
She closed both eyelashes and heard with her eardrums with a smile. “Her voice! My mom’s soprano voice is filled with sadness and love and mercy. I hear my mom’s voice,” Mia felt pain and joy at the same time.
“Yes.”
“She is talking to me, about me. She loves me.” The tears flowed down her cheekbones. “She loves me, so much. She misses me, too. She knows that I’m doing Almighty God’s work for Him and you, Brother Jesus,” she cried. “She repeats her words over and over again in a prayer and inside her soul.”
He removed the finger with a smile and a nod to Mia. “She wants you to hear them and be encouraged, new angel. She is a stronger person and very wise in her heart and her mind, Sister Mia.”
“Can I talk to her? Can I see her? I wanna go down to Earth to see her, please.” She opened both eyelashes with a smile to see Brother Jesus.
He nodded with a smile. “Yes, to all the questions. You are an angel. You can visit her anytime you desire.”
“Thank you, Bro Jessie. My friend Zany, I left her behind on planet Earth, too. May I go back and help her on planet Earth? I have all those really cool powers. I can persuade her to go into a drug rehab program or something to finally help her.” Mia reached up and slapped the sleeve without a hand to her forehead, missing with a giggle. “What am I talking about? I can zap her into a hospital like a magician, right, Bro Jessie?”
He exhaled. “Mia, remember? I mentioned that there are rules for getting into heaven.”
She smiled with a nod. “Yeah, I know the rules for getting into heaven. You taught them to me. I read them in the Holy Bible. We chatted about them for hours inside the coffee shop. I learned lots, Bro Jessie. But, now, I can help my friend Zany. Please, let me. I will do a good, no, a great job. I promise to the ‘bestest’ angel in Heaven.”
“Mia, I am sorry. I believed that you would have done a great job with Zany. The time is too late.” He said with great sorrow within his blue eyeballs.
She frowned, “Too late? Would have? I don’t understand. What time is too late?”
“Zany has a new teacher and a new task…”
“She doesn’t like to attend school. She’s in a new school, a new teacher. I don’t understand, Bro Jessie.”
“The school is not located on planet Earth, Mia.”
Mia gasped. “Zany is not located on Earth. Where could she be, if not located on the planet? She’s not here inside heaven either with me. I wished that she was, but she is…” He pointed down with an index finger towards empty space, without the stars and the glowing pretty moons. She gasped. “Zany died.”
He nodded with a sad face to Mia. “Zany had died of a drug overdose, this evening.”
She gasped. “But I can help Zany, now. I can do it. Show me? Give me directions back down to my apartment. She’s there. She’s alive. I left her there. I told her that I was coming back to get her, to help her with the new rehab plans. Let me go to her, Brother Jesus, please!” Mia started crying and screaming with pain, angry, and worry for her friend Zany.
“Satan needs helpers...”
“…called demons. And they do mean things to people on planet Earth. Do not bother to sugar coat the real truth, Brother Jesus?” She exhaled with tears of sorrow and sadness.
“I will not forestall the truth. Your friend Zany is serving her eternity in hell.”
She sobbed with tears. “My friend Zany has been punished for the rest of her life to serve in the pits of fire and brimstone. I can’t help her. I failed her. You lied to me. You tricked me. How can I do you bidding when you tricked me? If I was alive, I could have saved her from the evil people on Earth. She went to the party, didn’t she? I told her not to go. I called and warned her. I can’t believe this. I’ll never, ever see her again.”
“I am sorry.”
“I want to see her.” She gritted the teeth with a sneer.
“Mia, you cannot visit hell, ever. You will have to stay for eternity.”
“You go with me.”
“I cannot do that, either.”
She frowned, “Why not?”
He exhaled. “There are rules.”
“Then, bend the rules! I do…did it all the time,” she nodded.
“Mia, you did not fail Zany. She failed herself.”
“Do you possess telepathy also, Brother Jesus?” She smiled
“Yes, I can read everyone’s mind.”
“I just wished that I had been given more time to help my friend Zany,” she frowned.
“Zany didn’t ask for help. You offered her love, money, and resources. She refused to change her lifestyle with the alcohol, drugs, stealing, cheating, lying, and murder.”
Mia gasped. “Zany didn’t kill anyone.”
He nodded. “Zany carried an unborn fetus at one time. She decided the alternative was best.”
“I didn’t know,” she shook her curls.
“She was arrested for stealing cigarettes at a local gas station and then given teen counseling by a social worker. She refused the advice. Zany could have given the baby up for adoption instead…”
“I didn’t know.”
“Mia, you did not know Zany underneath the tan skin and the brown hair. I did.”
“You should have helped her, sir.” She frowned with guilt for her friend, who could not be saved as an angel with Mia within heaven.
“Do you think so little of me that I did not try, Mia?” He said with a soft voice of sorrow.
She shook her curls with sadness. “I’m sorry. I’m upset. I know in my heart that you tried and carry the guilt of failure with you, too, Brother Jesus.”
“Thank you, Mia.” He softly said.
“I give up my future life and happiness with Fred. Granted, we barely know each other, but it would be wonderful for me, so far. You told me that we would have been married and had a couple of children,” she exhaled without purpose.
“Yes, Mia.”
“And my mom, I have left her alone again for the second time in my life, well, my past life, my old life…” She started crying from all the failures in her teen life.
“Yes, Mia.”
She sobbed with tears. “Zany, I completely flew the coop on her.”
“No, Mia.”
“I feel confused and upset. I …”
“Mia, I will send you back down to planet Earth.” He nodded.
She gagged with the tears. “Why?”
“You are unhappy. Your happiness is very important to me.” He smiled.
She wiped out the tears with a stern face. “I’m dead.”
“I am the Alpha and the Omega.” He smiled.
She frowned. “What, sir?”
“I can raise the dead from the graves. Remember?” He grinned.
“O yeah! I just forgot at the moment, sir,” she puffed with a set of deep mixed teenly emotions.
“I asked you to change your fate. You did. I do not want you unhappy with your decision. I can send you back down to Birmingham in human form. You can eat lunch with your mom, go to work, and then have a dinner date with Fred. He will propose tomorrow with a diamond ring for marriage, after he graduates college with an accounting degree in the month of June. You and he will marry in the month of July with a nice ceremony at the church’s chapel. After a year of happiness and marriage, you will have a son named Frank, named for Fred’s grandfather. Then, two years later, you will have a daughter…”
“Thank you, Brother Jesus. Okay. I understand. I can go back down to planet Earth. Will I remember any of this here in outer space with the bright stars and the pretty planets and you?” She pointed with a smile to the bright shiny stars and the pretty colored planets that sweep around the Milky Way Galaxy.
“Never! You will be Micena Torino, who ordered a raspberry sweet tea with mint and then left the coffee shop, without the beverage, because you were late meeting with your mom for lunch.” He softly said.
She exhaled. “Fred doesn’t even know me, the past of Mia, the present Mia. But, I could tell he really liked me.”
“Yes, Mia.”
“My mom has her own life which she needs to evaluate more as a Christian. I can help her with that. Right, Bro Jessie?”
“Yes, Mia.”
“Zany…” Mia started crying and wiped the tears of failure and worry.
He exhaled. “Is this about your mom or your friend Zany or your boyfriend Fred?”
“I would ask you that same question, Brother Jesus.”
“You are very blessed, Mia. My Father and I are very pleased that you think outside the box.” He nodded with a smile.
“That is not funny.”
“This is about billions of earthly teenagers like your friend Zany. The billions of earthly teens are destined to descend down into the deep pits of hell, without guidance and understanding, compassion, and social interactions from a new set of teen angels, who can help all of them, recover from the crimes, the wrongdoings, and the other numerous heavenly sins.” He said with passion and honor.
She frowned, “Billions of earthly teens?”
He chuckled. “Satan is complaining how crowded his place is getting.”
“Satan has a heart.” She gasped
“Let’s not go that far, Mia.” He grinned. “At this rate, Satan will be looking for another planet.”
“That’s not funny, either, Brother Jesus,” she frowned.
“I wished that I were entertaining you like a comedian, Mia. I am talking to you in layteen terms.” He nodded.
She nodded with a smile. “Yeah, you’re a quick study. You have learned a lot more than I give you credit for, Bro Jessie.”
“I had a wise and good teacher.” He smiled.
“Thank you, Bro Jessie.”
“What is your finally destination and decision, Mia?”
She exhaled. “So, will my mom be joining me soonest?”
“When she is ready, have no fear and believe in her faith, little sister.” He smiled.
She nodded with a smile. “Okay, I do believe. So, my job is?”
He smiled. “Your new job is to save teens around the world from the heavenly sins of lying, stealing, cheating,” he exhaled. “The list is very, very long.”
She nodded with a grin. “I got it, sir. I have a little experience in heavenly crimes and the associated jail time on planet Earth.” Mia did not feel regret but learned some painful lessons.
“I want to see them at heaven’s pearly gates, not Satan fire pits.” He nodded with a smile.
“I understand, sir. I will succeed,” she smiled.
“I believe in my heart that you will, Mia. You possess love for everyone which was my internal secret reason for drafting you into my holy work here in heaven. There are billions of earthly teens like Zany on planet Earth. I have selected you to help them. You are correct about me. I could not save Zany and neither could you, Sister Mia. But, we both have more chances and faith.” He smiled with love.
“My purpose…”
“Your purpose is to save the rest of young people, who have become like Zany by misfortunate, mistake, or misuse.”
“Since, I am going to be down on Earth with my new job. May I visit my mom, sorta often?”
“As offer as time allows, she can hear you.” He smiled.
Mia clapped with a smile. “Can my mom see me, too?”
“I do not believe that she would enjoy a vision of an angel right now, maybe when she is a little older and much wiser. Let us keep it audio, this time.” He smiled.
She nodded with a grin. “Yeah, I can do that. That’s cool idea for much later.”
“Are you ready for the holy job, Sister Mia, the newest heavenly angel?” He smiled.
“For my friend Zany, she lives in my heart, every hour of the day.” Mia nodded with a stern face with love and sadness.
“You understand the situation, Sister Mia.”
“Her fate is hard to forget, accept. I know. I knew. I tried…” And Mia failed. Her friend Zany was living in hell right now and for the rest of her days.
“Your good deeds make you a very special angel, Mia, especially for the lost teens of the world.” He smiled.
“Are there one or two alien teens out here in outer space?” She giggled.
“No, Mia.”
“So, will I get to visit the first alien teen, ever?” She grinned.
“No, Mia.”
“But, I’m supposed to know everything about the universe. Is that right?”
“After your orientation class…”
“More school! Well, let’s concentrate on the job at hand, the teens of the world. Watch out world. Here, I come back!” She laughed with a smile.
“Very good, little sister,” He smiled.
“Yes sir! Brother Jesus, sir, I’m willing able and ready for your commands and orders. I will sacrifice for the teens of the world.”
“Mia, you are sharing your love with the teens of the world. There is no sacrifice, only love, peace, kindness, and patience.” He smiled.
“Love one another as Almighty God speaks.”
“Good thoughts, angel.” He turned and scanned the stars, pointing up to a UFO which was a flying angel. “Ah! Brother Job!” Brother Job soared down from the bright stares and halted in the molecules around Brother Jesus and Sister Mia, landing upright on the pretend docking pad in a tight huddle of floating white robes. Brother Jesus turned and smiled to Brother Job. “I would like to introduce our newest angel, Sister Mia.”
“Welcome, Sister Mia!” Brother Job said with a deep baritone voice that was loud and cheerful, echoing off the stars and the moons.
“Hi, Brother Job! What’s shaking besides those silk robes?” Mia giggled.
“Please pardon, Sister Mia! We just arrived from the coffee shop.” Brother Jesus smiled.
Brother Job leaned with a wink into Brother Jesus. “Hmm, you have been hitting the macho cappuccino, again, Brother Jesus.”
“Do not tell Ly.” Brother Jesus chuckled with a smirk.
Brother Job smiled, “Sure thing.”
“My mom?” Mia whined with impatience.
Brother Job turned and smiled at Mia. “I’ll be escorting you to see your mom for a few seconds.”
“A few seconds?” She turned and whined to Brother Jesus. “I wanna stay an hour, Bro Jessie.”
Brother Jesus said. “Sister Mia, we are very busy with our eternity duties. Your mom is doing very well. You have heard her mental thoughts. She is a strong Christian. She believes with her heart, her soul, and her mind that you are here in heaven, doing your good holy angel work. Let us all make her pleased!”
“Yes sir,” she exhaled and obeyed with her mind, her heart.
“Brother Job will be introducing you to your supervisor on planet Earth, afterwards. If you have any questions or feelings of unhappiness or doubts, just mind tap me.” He reached out and touched her forehead with his index finger and a grin.
“Do you mean that I can use my new sci-fi out of this universe telepathy here and now?” She giggled.
“Yes, Sister Mia, you can use your telepathy for the here and foreverly.” Brother Jesus nodded with a smile.
“Are you ready, Mia?” Brother Job smiled.
“I guess so. I’ve never flown, uh, like this.” She frowned with a little fear.
“Step off the platform and spread your angel wings.” Brother Job leaped into dark cold outer space as a pair of white tinted angel wings expanded into twenty feet in diameter. Then he halted and hovered among the shiny stars.
“Hey! I don’t have a pair of big angel wings. Step off? I don’t think so, sir. Can I take the bus or train, Bro Jessie? Are there any angel cars?” She frowned with deep fear.
“I want you to think of the science fiction term, float, Mia.” Brother Jesus nodded.
“Float,” she closed the eyelashes and thought hard with the verb. Her gown and her face were horizontal rather than vertical to planet Earth. She floated and flew, without a pair of wings with a giggle. “Look at me! I’m a bird. I’m a plane. I’m Mia.”
“Come on, Sister Mia.” Brother Job motioned with a hand towards planet Earth.
“I’m right behind you, Bro Job,” she flew ahead without a pair of wings, speeding behind the back spine of Brother Job.
Brother Jesus slowly spun around with a chuckle and shook his curls with heavenly amusement at Sister Mia.




The happy end
