

Midnight Moon
(Jonah’s Secret)
Heather Mar-Gerrison

Smashwords Edition
Heather Mar-Gerrison Copyright 2011
(updated 2014)

Beautiful front cover design courtesy of Selfpubbookcovers.com/diversepixel


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to actual persons, living or dead is purely coincidental. The Author holds exclusive rights to this work. Unauthorised duplication is prohibited.



Prologue


“I wish I was a cat. Then I would go out hunting moths and owls like you,” Leona stroked her pet cat, Ruby, who was purring none-stop and rolling over for Leona to tickle her tummy. It was a bright morning and Leona was supposed to be getting ready for school but, as was usual, she was finding anything to do other than get ready.
Leona laughed. “You’re funny,” she stroked the cat a bit more, then flung back the bed covers and padded her way to the wardrobe in search of her uniform.
Ruby looked at her and meowed.
“You’d like me to?” asked Leona. “Well maybe I will!”
The cat eyed her curiously, then turned and padded silently out of the room.
“Okay see you later,” Leona called after her, before realising that she had answered the cat without even realising it. She said she’d see me later, she thought absently.
The next evening, Leona awoke with a start. She felt very warm and cosy. She stretched and yawned and eyeing the bedside clock, saw that it was a little after two o’clock. She wasn’t in the least bit sleepy and felt inexplicably flexible and ready for a run in the darkness. She also realised that she could see everything in her room as though it were daylight; she glanced back at the clock. It hadn’t occurred to her when she’d first looked that she could also make out clearly her watch and the book she had been reading before she turned her light out. Weird, she thought. Maybe the clock’s stopped... but that can’t be right because it’s still dark.
Sitting up, she realised that she was not sitting as she normally would, and what was that tickling her thigh? Looking down she realised with a jolt of horror that her legs were covered in fur and she had a tail. She also realised that she was only just a bit larger than Ruby.
Ruby was sitting on the end of her bed looking at her with her glowing amber eyes. 
“Well, this is a bit of a surprise.” She mewed, drily. “So, are you coming out with me or staying here all night?”
Leona’s shock had worn off and she heard herself purring. It was as if she’d always known this was possible and was just waiting for the right time to change. “Let’s go.” She giggled.
A few nights later, she had gotten used to waking up as a cat. As was usual, Ruby was patiently waiting for her on the end of her bed.
Tonight however, she had woken up and was surprised to find that she was still in her human form. Ruby jumped lightly off the bed and on to the floor and turned, waiting for her mistress.
Leona climbed out of her warm bed and padded after the cat. They made their way to the back door and Leona unlocked it.
Ruby immediately ran off into the night. Leona took off after her at a run, holding up her nightdress. She skipped across the stepping-stones to meet Ruby on the other side of the brook that ran behind her house. “I can’t keep up with you Ruby!” She exclaimed loudly, panting slightly.
Ruby purred. She loved it when Leona came with her into the woods. She turned and eyed Leona. “You can change now, we’re out of sight,” she mewed. 
Leona’s eyes glinted green in the moonlight before she closed them and felt the now familiar thrill of changing once again into a cat of the night...
It was a perfectly clear night and the moon was full, bathing everything in silvery light. Leona and Ruby were exploring a particularly dense area of the woodland, and the moonlight wasn’t much help here. Suddenly Ruby pulled up short. Leona, not so much cat as human, crashed into the back of her. Ruby hissed at her to be quiet.
“What is it?” Leona asked in a whisper, suddenly afraid.
“It’s a human,” Ruby mewed, “– or at least he looks like a human – but the smell is all wrong,” she added. “He’s headed this way. Run Leona!”
Ruby took off as fast as lightning. Leona followed as best she could, but her senses were more human than cat and although she could see well enough in the darkness, she just wasn’t as quick.
She stumbled through the undergrowth, catching her paws on clumps of grass and broken twigs. She winced at every sound she made, knowing that she simply wasn’t as quiet as a cat should be.
The human was catching up with her with every step she took. Her breathing was becoming laboured and she could feel herself slowing down even though every fibre of her being was screaming for her to carry on and willing her onwards. In horror she felt his hands clamp around her body and she froze. Just what was he going to do to her?
She opened her eyes and found herself staring into the eyes of a young boy – probably around the same age as herself, maybe a little older; it was hard to tell when she was in her cat form. He looked every inch a normal human boy. But then he smiled and his teeth were not normal for a human boy. The canines were definitely far too long and there were traces of blood on his cheeks. His hair was all over the place – she squinted up – it would be either black or dark brown – again she couldn’t distinguish the colour in the darkness and her eyes in cat form couldn’t make out the colours well enough anyway. She did register that the hair was simply too dark for the paleness of his eyes. They were almost transparent.
Leona had never really believed that vampires existed. She liked to scare herself silly with her storybooks, but she’d always considered them just that – stories. She was beginning to realise that she would have to re-consider her beliefs though – because she was staring into the face of what could only be described as a vampire. She clamped her eyes shut again, disturbed because as afraid as she was, she couldn’t help noticing what an attractive face he had.
She waited for the end that she knew without a doubt was near.
After a few moments she heard the boy sigh and then she felt herself being lowered to the ground.
“Run along, cat eyes.” He murmured as he placed her gently on her feet. He gave her a little push towards the cover of the bushes.
Heart beating wildly, she ran for cover. She turned and caught sight of him again. He was clearly hunting prey. So why had he let her go?
She watched in horror as the boy caught Siren, one of her wild-cat friends, and killed her with a flick of his wrist. Leona was unable to move, frozen in terror.
Her eyes met with the boy once more. He looked as though he was about to approach her again when she thought she heard an owl hooting from a distance and watched with relief as the boy turned abruptly and ran in the opposite direction. She was left alone, shaking and terrified in the woods. She was very grateful for that owl hooting. It had probably just saved her life. The sky changed from inky black to a pinkish gold, but still Leona remained exactly where she was sat, rooted to the spot, unable to move, such was her terror.
Only after Ruby had come back to find her, would Leona finally move. “What happened child?” she asked.
Leona finally looked up as she heard Ruby’s soft purr, “Th-That boy – the human one – he was no human, Ruby – h-he was a vampire and he k-killed Siren, b-but he let me go.” She replied shakily.
“A vampire?” Ruby asked. “And he let you go? How very strange.” She sniffed the air, as if checking that the coast was clear and it was safe to move her, “It will probably be best for you not to run with the wild ones again...”
Leona took Ruby’s advice and had not changed since. Ruby became just her pet again until her dying day, rather than her best friend and confidante. Leona’s memory faded over the years and she forgot all about being a cat of the night...

*

“Hey Mum,” The young boy crashed through the kitchen door and stood excitedly in front of his impossibly young looking mother, “I caught a cat earlier – but she wasn’t really a cat – I could tell,” He sounded very proud of himself for working that out. “– She was a girl!” His eyes were round with surprised excitement at his find.
“What did you do?” His mother asked warily.
He kicked his toe against the kick-board of the kitchen cupboard, “I dropped her and frightened her away – I didn’t think it would be right to eat her.” He bit his lip and looked up at his mother, wondering if he’d done the right thing.
She was visibly relieved, “Oh, what a good boy you are, well done.” She ruffled his dark unruly hair. “But I think it’s time we moved on anyway – your brothers might not be as careful as you are and we have to keep this little girl safe. Do you think you could go and start packing up your stuff?”
The young boy sighed and nodded, sure it was something to do with what he’d told her. Why did he always have to be so damned honest? And moving – again? It wasn’t like it was something he wasn’t used to, but that didn’t mean he had to like it. Every few months – a year if they were lucky – they had to move on; make new friends, start new schools and invent new reasons for why they’d moved.
Humans, he had found, were incredibly inquisitive creatures and they always asked where new starters were from. He liked it here – it felt like home somehow... nowhere else ever had.


Chapter 1 – Back again…

“Bags I the front bedroom!” Adam flashed a cheeky grin at his brother as he jumped out of the car.
“Whatever.” Jonah said with a sigh, shaking his head and turning off the engine. He climbed out of the car. Shading his eyes against the early afternoon sun, he turned towards the house. It was a large and impressive building, “Home, sweet home.” He mumbled under his breath, looking up at it.
“Doesn’t look much like things have changed around here, does it?” Adam looked around cheerfully.
“No. I guess not.” Jonah frowned glancing around, “I really loved living here...” Looking up at the house now, he found that he couldn’t really place what he had loved so much about the place – maybe it wasn’t so much the house...
“Did you?” Adam flashed him a surprised look. “I can’t say that I really remember it all that well.” Adam sauntered off to meet his mother and youngest brother, who had just pulled up in front of them.
“I do,” Jonah murmured, as he opened the boot and heaved out his bags, “I remember everything...” 
His mother opened the door and they all trouped inside. “I guess it could do with a little airing.” Mrs Byrnes said apologetically, looking around at the cobwebbed hallway.
“Oh, I don’t know – looks quite fitting for a family such as ours.” Jonah commented drily.
“Ha-ha!” His mother said, swatting the back of his head playfully. “Now, why don’t you all go and check out which rooms you’d like?”
“I’m definitely having the one that looks out over the street.” Adam shouted, beating Jonah to the stairs and running up ahead of him.
Jonah turned to his youngest brother, “Oscar – which room?”
“Any,” Oscar shrugged, “I really couldn’t care less.” He looked miserable. Jonah felt sorry for him. It wasn’t easy moving around all of the time and Oscar was so very shy. It was hardest for him.
Jonah nodded and followed Adam up the stairs. He looked into each of the rooms and decided that he’d been happy enough with the attic room when he’d been younger. He could probably get used to it again. He climbed the second set of stairs. On the floor below, Oscar headed for his old room.
Jonah looked around the huge attic room. He realised with some surprise that it was actually bigger than he’d remembered. His gaze took in the narrow single bed over on the far side of the room. Well, that’ll have to change, he thought with some amusement. I need a much bigger bed these days.
He moved over to the window. It was difficult to open and he struggled for a few minutes before it would budge. Years of weathering had swollen the wood in the frame. He peered at it and frowned. His mother would no doubt have him climbing a ladder in the not too distant future, rubbing it down and repainting it. He grimaced at the idea. Painting was not his favourite pastime.
Opening the window wide he looked out over towards the forest. He could clearly see the tree-tops from here. He leaned out and took a deep breath of the fresh, sweet air. For the first time since they had arrived back he allowed himself a small smile. It had taken seven long years of almost constant moving around, but finally, finally – he was home.


Chapter 2 – Adam Byrnes…

“Oh, my God – who is that?” Leona Larson leaned around her friend, Janey Morgan and watched the tall young man loping across the courtyard that separated the English block from the languages block. It was morning break time and she and her friend Janey were sitting enjoying the rather unseasonal warmth offered by the early March sunshine.
“His name is Adam Byrnes,” Janey said without even looking up from her magazine.
“How do you know?” Leona tore her eyes away from the young man and looked at her friend in surprise.
“Lucky guess.” Janey replied with a grin. She had a particular gift for knowing stuff.
Leona shook her head. “I don’t know how you do it. How have you already found that out?”
Janey took a deep breath and was about to admit exactly how she already knew, just the same way she knew that Leona was about to get an A for her history assignment and she was going to scrape a B, when they were interrupted.
“Hi, guys!”
It was Franklin. He was a boy in their art class and he had a major crush on Janey. Janey sighed. As much as she was attracted to him, she knew that things really shouldn’t be allowed to go anywhere between the two of them. They weren’t ideal partners for each other and she knew that even if they did date, it wouldn’t last. It was simply impossible for them to be together long term. Sooner or later, she knew, Franklin would want to be with a girl from his own kind. It was just the way werewolves were. But for now, it appeared that Franklin was more attracted to her than he was looking for a werewolf girlfriend and the knowledge that he’d eventually want to leave her didn’t stop her from thinking he was cute too.
“Hi Frank,” she smiled warmly at him. She really liked him, but was that really enough?
Franklin sat down next to her and rummaged in his back pack.
“What’ya looking for?” She edged closer looking over his shoulder.
“I’ve been reading this amazing book. I wanted to show you.” Franklin blushed slightly as he spoke.
“Oh, right,” Janey tried to sound as though she had no idea what he was talking about, but of course she knew exactly what he was referring to. She had seen it the night before. All she had to do was think about a person and she could then hear inside their head.
She didn’t want to explore the reasons why she had been thinking about him last night.
She had been surprised by how fast Franklin read, and by how many other thoughts popped into his head whilst he read – mostly about her. Some that made her blush furiously now she came to think about it again. She shook herself mentally.
“It’s really good, wanna borrow it?” He was gazing at her, his golden brown eyes hopeful that she would be pleased.
“Sure,” Janey took the book. It was all about supernatural phenomena. Frank knew she was into that sort of thing, although he had no idea just how much of a gift she had. No one did.
Leona hadn’t spoken since their brief exchange after her first question about the new guy and was sat in silence, staring across the courtyard towards the English block.
Janey glanced across. Adam Byrnes was there, leaning against the wall casually, although he was staring right back at Leona.
Janey could see why Leona was attracted to him. He was without a shadow of a doubt a very good-looking young man. He had short dark hair and pale blue eyes. His chiselled features were apparent even from where they were sitting. It was like Adonis himself stood there.
Janey swallowed nervously. This was bad. She cast around for a way to break the eye contact.
A thought occurred to her that was perfectly feasible, “Oh, Leona – I forgot, we need to go and see Mr Mangle in the Art block. He mentioned it this morning, first thing. I forgot to tell you.”
Jumping up, she grabbed her bag and pulled Leona up to her feet. “See you later Frank.”
She felt a bit bad for leaving Franklin there alone; particularly since she really wanted to stay with him, but the only thought in her head at that moment was to break the connection between Adam and Leona.
“Why are we going to the Art department?” Leona was confused. One minute she had been gazing into the most beautiful pale blue eyes she had ever seen, which had sparked a memory in her that was frustratingly foggy and was tantalisingly staying on the fringes of her memory, just out of reach; the next she was hurtling along the corridor to the Art department.
“Mr Mangle needs to see you,” Janey replied. This was true. She had seen it that morning. Mr Mangle hadn’t said anything to her, of course but she had picked up her art folder and his voice had entered her head as if he were in the same room.
“... Need to speak with Leona Larson... excellent work... needs a bit of attention to get her the best grade possible... Josie Spears is going to fail if we can’t sort out her screen printing...”
“Oh, okay. I need to do a bit more work on it anyway. I’ll need some advice.” Her voice trailed off.
Janey frowned. Leona was thinking about that new boy again. He was definitely different to anyone else at the school. More dangerous somehow – more potent...


Chapter 3 – First sight…

Adam Byrnes walked across the courtyard with two boys he had met that morning in registration.
They were Jason Goodyear and Phil Wagner. They seemed alright – for werewolves. Not that Adam had any ill feeling toward them. He could just tell. Werewolves had a definite smell that set them apart from people like him – vampires, some people referred to his kind as.
Adam was a vampire. Although not in the hide in coffins all day and kill fair maidens by night sense. True, he needed a diet rich in blood to survive, but he was quite able to do that without resorting to killing innocent people, thank you very much.
Adam scoffed at other vampires who complained that the smell of blood in the air around humans was so intoxicating they found it hard to concentrate, which may have been a little insensitive of him, since his mother was one of those vampires. That was the reason they generally had to move around so much – she would invariably lose control of herself and kill a human, making it impossible for them to stay in the area.
His own sense of smell was intense and of course he could smell the scent given off by humans, but it had never caused him a problem. He ate well, he took iron supplements and when the need took him, he ate very rare steak and other iron rich foods. Adam and his brothers were all second-generation vampires, so of course this made it easier for them to avoid drinking blood as they had been born vampires instead of being bitten.
Adam suddenly became very aware of a human girl around the same age as himself. She was sitting, talking with her friend, who he registered vaguely looked just like a little pixie, before turning his attention back to her.
He couldn’t seem to take his eyes off her. She was definitely human, but her scent was something else entirely. It was so feline he was instantly intrigued. Adam had on occasion in the past, caught wild cats and killed them for their blood. This girl reminded him of the one he and Jonah had let go...


Chapter 4 – It’s this girl…

“Hey, Mum.” Adam called as he came through the front door, shrugging his bag off his shoulder and throwing it down carelessly on the floor in the hallway.
“Hi honey.” His mother looked up and smiled warmly at him. “How was your first day?”
“It was okay.” Adam frowned. He flung himself down on the sofa next to his mother and closed his eyes. It had been okay, apart from that girl. She was so disturbingly beautiful he hadn’t been able to concentrate on anything else all day.
“What’s the matter, Adam?” His mother put her book down and leaned forwards. She could see something was bothering him.
“Nothing, really.”
“Come on, out with it. It doesn’t do any of us any good to bottle bad feelings up inside.”
“It’s this girl...”
His mother laughed. “Already? What are we going to do with you Adam? We only just got here!”
Adam sighed. He knew she’d laugh. She always did – the next thing she would no doubt say would be how very like his father he was – she always compared him to his father too.
He didn’t really like being compared to him. From what he understood, he had stuck around for a few years when they were young, but he had left shortly after Oscar was born.
All of his life his mother had gone on about how much he looked like his dad, how he had the same eye for the ladies, the same mannerisms and the same carefree attitude towards life. His dad sounded like a right loser to Adam and he didn’t want to be like that.
And anyway, he thought bitterly, what did that say for her? She chose him for her life partner.
She said that things just hadn’t worked out but Adam secretly wondered sometimes if it really had been his dad that had the eye for the ladies and not the other way around – he thought they all had the same father, but something had made his dad leave without a backwards glance and he had never been in touch since either, which was odd when he came to think about it. Still, it wasn’t really something you could ask your mother as an off-the-cuff question. “Hey Mum, is Oscar’s Dad the same one as ours? Only Dad left and we’re both dark with really pale eyes like his, but Oscar’s kind of blonde with dark blue eyes...” and he didn’t feel much like discussing it with his brothers either.
Adam was still only sixteen. He didn’t think it was time for him to choose a life partner yet anyway – and what was wrong with playing the field a little? Nothing at all, except that girl – he simply couldn’t get her out of his head and he didn’t think he was going to change his mind about her any time soon.
“Yeah, hilarious isn’t it.” He replied sarcastically.
“Oh, Adam. I’m not making fun of you.” His mother gazed at him sympathetically; her violet eyes full of loving concern. She smiled and squeezed his arm. “But it isn’t like I haven’t heard it all before – so go on then – what’s so special about this girl?”
“I don’t know,” Adam ran his hand through his hair. He turned back to his mother, “but I swear she’s the one we let go a few years ago when we were hunting.”
“Let her go?” His mother’s eyes clouded and she frowned. “I’m not sure I understand, Adam.”
“I’m pretty sure she’s the one that can become a cat.”
His mother’s eyebrows raised suddenly in understanding. “Oh, I see. Yes, I remember now... I’d forgotten all about that. Gosh, I really didn’t expect her to still be around this area. Hmm, well I guess that does make things a little more awkward for you, doesn’t it?”
“Why should it?” Adam asked a little sharply.
She rolled her eyes. “Isn’t it obvious? You hunt cats!”
“But we let her go once – I’m sure I can resist her again.” Adam said defensively.
“Yes, of course.” His mother replied doubtfully. “It’s just that you’re not the only one who hunts cats, are you?”
Adam shifted uncomfortably in his seat. It was true of course. His two brothers also hunted cats amongst other wildlife when the fancy took them – none of them had to do it to survive, but sometimes when the moon was full...
“You’ll have to tell them – they need to know what she is, Adam...” She paused and then opened her mouth again. “... and she needs to know that you are a danger to her. We moved away from here because of her, Adam – remember? You really should stay away from her if you want her to remain safe.”
Adam scowled. He didn’t want to stay away from her. He wanted to meet her; to speak to her, to find out if it was her – if she really was able to become a cat.
He wondered if she knew. It had been a long time ago and he had never come across anyone like her again since. Well. He resolved. There’s only one way to find out...


Chapter 5 – Shape-shifter…

“You’re a shape-shifter.”
“What?” Leona jumped as she heard a low velvety voice in her ear. She turned, confused and found herself looking into the most beautiful silvery blue eyes. Up close they were even more mesmerising. It was the contrast between the pale skin and silvery blue eyes against the dark hair. He was utterly stunning. They were in the school cafeteria queuing for their food, but suddenly it was as if they were the only two people in the world.
Adam held his breath. Surely she knew what she was? He was staring into her eyes and finding it really difficult to stop.
He was probably really freaking her out but he couldn’t help it – she fascinated him somehow and he simply couldn’t stay away from her. He forced himself to answer her question.
“Shape-shifter. It means that you can become something else at will.”
“Don’t be silly. No one can do that!” Leona laughed nervously; tearing her eyes away from his and thanking the server for her plate of lasagne. She was genuinely surprised at his words, but there was something in what he said that struck a chord with her. It was a deeply buried memory but she remembered dreaming about being a cat on a regular basis. It had been years since she had done so and it was all a bit hazy.
“But, don’t you remember?” Adam was looking at her somewhat perplexed. He managed a smile at the server as she passed him his plate.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Leona said a little too quickly, as she picked up a can of diet coke. She was feeling really quite nervous now. There was just something about Adam that made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up.
She turned away from the counter and looked for a seat. She was beginning to regret her decision not to join Janey in the common room for a sandwich now. As her eyes scanned the crowded room she didn’t notice another pair of eyes, almost exactly the same as Adam’s, following her every move.
Adam followed her closely. He hadn’t finished talking to her yet and he really wanted to sit with her and talk to her some more.
He sighed. Alright little cat, don’t admit it.
He sat down right opposite her. She eyed him suspiciously. 
He grinned at her suddenly, making her legs turn to jelly. “Forget it.” He said. Then turning the full force of his charm onto her, he asked. “Hey, what are you doing on Saturday night?”
Leona blushed. He seemed to have decided not to push the subject of her being a shape-shifter and she was relieved. She smiled shyly at him. “I haven’t got any special plans. Why?”
“I was wondering if you’d like to go to the cinema or something – with me.”
“Oh, sure, that’d be great!” Leona found herself agreeing and felt embarrassed as she realised that her voice had come out all high with excitement. She blushed even redder.
Adam grinned, feeling all at once very happy that he’d actually managed to ask her out so easily and totally relieved that she’d accepted. He decided that he wouldn’t tell his mother – she would most certainly try to talk him out of it.
“You’ll have to tell me where you live and I’ll come round for you at about seven, if that’s alright?”
“Seven sounds perfect!”

*

It wasn’t only Adam’s mother that was opposed to the match.
“What were you thinking, saying that you’d go out with him?” hissed Janey, as Leona came to sit with her in the common room for the last ten minutes of their lunch break. “He’s not good for you!”
Leona turned on Janey, annoyed. “What is wrong with you Janey? Are you jealous or something?”
Janey looked at Leona as if she had two heads. Was this girl for real? She had to acknowledge that the guy was seriously good looking, but for Leona to think she would stoop so low as to discourage her just so she could have him for herself. Well that was just absurd!
“Leona. I have something I need to tell you and I really don’t want you to freak out. You know I would never lie to you.”
Leona frowned but nodded. Janey took a deep breath. She knew she was going to freak anyway.
“Try to understand.” She started. “You’re a shape-shifter.”
Leona just looked at her completely nonplussed. Janey decided that her silence was good enough for her to continue. “He’s a vampire.”
Still not freaking out. Great. “If you turn into a cat, or a dog or a rabbit or some other innocuous creature, he could just pick you up and eat you. Do you understand what I’m telling you Leona? It’s simply not safe!”
Janey had decided it was time for Leona to wake up to the fact she wasn’t exactly your run-of-the-mill ordinary girl. It was brutal, but it was necessary.
Finally Leona seemed to come to. She looked at Janey as if she’d taken leave of her senses. “Shape-shifter? Vampire? Are you on something? Don’t be so ridiculous!”
“Please, Leona, hear me out.” Janey took hold of her hand and looked her straight in the eye, willing her to understand. I knew it was too good to last...
“Adam called me a shape-shifter.” Leona’s frightened eyes gazed back at her. “What’s going on Janey?”
Janey stared at her horror struck. He already knows and he’s planning to kill her!
“What did he mean, Janey? What are you keeping from me?” Leona’s voice had a hint of pleading now.
“Have you ever thought about being a cat or a dog or anything?” Janey thought that it may be better if she drew the answers out slowly.
“I used to have a cat called Ruby. She was kind of like my best friend.” Leona answered.
“And did you ever play out at night with Ruby?” Janey closed her eyes waiting for the answer she knew would come.
“But I thought they were only dreams.” Leona said in a tremulous voice.
“No.” She opened her eyes again and looked at her friend sympathetically. This had to be a lot to take on board in one go.
“How did you know, Janey?” Leona looked at her friend incredulously.
Janey gave her an apologetic smile. She took another deep breath. “Okay, time to come clean. I’m a psychic. I’m also a witch.”
Leona’s mouth fell open. Janey ignored it and continued. “I know a lot of things about a lot of people. I can hear what they’re thinking and obviously that gives me a lot of information about them. And I can promise you, Adam has no desire to hurt you, but your gift is so dangerous for you when he’s around. He is a vampire, after all and guess what his favourite tipple is?”
“Wine?” Leona suggested weakly, but just knowing what Janey was about to say.
“Cats.”
Leona’s blood ran cold as she stared in horror at her friend. “Oh my God – is that why he asked me out? Is that why he’s here? To kill me?”
“No, definitely not.” Janey said firmly. “I think he recognises you from somewhere. It must have been from some years ago. I think they’ve lived here before. From what I can make out of his memories, he let you go then. He really likes you Leona – there’s a part of him that actually thinks he’s in love with you!”
“Oh my God! That’s intense. I mean, I have to admit, he is ridiculously good-looking.” She gave Janey a look.
Janey looked back at her and nodded her head emphatically in agreement. “Oh my God, yeah – unbelievably good-looking.”
Leona grinned and continued. “And he’s very charming and everything, and I could probably feel something for him too given time – but a vampire – well that does kind of change things a bit, doesn’t it? What a mess.”
“Mm,” replied Janey thoughtfully.
“Janey,” Leona turned to her friend.
“Yes?”
“Why do you think we’re all here? I mean it’s a bit odd isn’t it? Me a shape-shifter, you a witch and Adam a vampire – what do you think is so special about Fernley High School?”
“Oh, that’s easy.” Janey waved her hand dismissively. “Fernley is the epicentre of Energy. It attracts all kinds of supernatural humans. It isn’t only us three you know. Franklin is a werewolf.”
Leona nearly choked on her diet coke. This was madness. They were all perfectly normal teenagers five minutes ago. Now the whole school was full of supernatural weirdos!
Janey gave her a sympathetic look. “This is a lot for you to take in all in one go. Let’s go to the juice bar in the high street after school. No one there will know what we’re talking about.”
Leona nodded.
The young man that had been watching her from the other side of the cafeteria was passing by the window of the common room and his acute hearing picked up what Janey had just finished explaining.
He smiled to himself. He was glad she knew what was going on. Leona needed to know the danger she was in – that way she was less likely to be in the woods at night and that had to be good for all of them...


Chapter 6 – Finding out…

“Okay. Start from the beginning.” Leona leaned towards Janey across the table in the small booth they were sat in at the back of the shop. “Tell me everything you know about everyone. Start with you. How did you know what you were?”
Janey sipped her mango and raspberry smoothy slowly and then answered. “My mum is a witch. My dad’s just an average human guy. He fell in love with Mum. She eventually told him what she was and after a few arguments and a lot of soul-searching he eventually decided that he loved her and couldn’t live without her even if she was a witch. After a few years they had me and I’m sure both of them must have wondered what sort of gifts I would have – if any. My psychic abilities are my strength but since the gifts come down the female line, Mum didn’t think I’d have any problems. I don’t have magical powers anything like Mum’s, but my psychic ability is pretty good.”
“What does your dad think?”
“He’s cool with it mostly. He doesn’t take much notice usually – unless it’s something that directly bothers him.”
“Right, okay. I guess that makes sense.” Leona nodded. “So, how long have you known about me?”
“From the first time we met.” Janey smiled. “Your subconscious knows you can change, even if you don’t know how to consciously.”
“Wow, you could have told me!” Leona took a sip of her blackcurrant smoothy and winced at the sharpness of it.
“I was waiting for the right time. And that’s now since your new boyfriend is a potential health hazard for you!”
Leona swallowed nervously. Surely he wouldn’t really want to kill me... would he? “He isn’t my boyfriend.” She said defensively. True he was cute but still. Her curiosity to know all about her school-mates was more pressing at this moment in time. She wanted to hear more. “Who else?” She asked eagerly.
Janey grinned; she was quite pleased that Leona wasn’t as obsessed with Adam as Adam appeared to be with her. It made things seem less intense and kept her safer somehow. “Well, James and Benjamin Kelly, Sarah Benson, Jack Neely and Vincent and Victoria Brough are all vampires too – all second generation – the same as Adam. Not as dangerous as first bloods, but dangerous enough if they get too thirsty.”
“Okay.” Leona made a mental note to stay away from them.
“Then Franklin, Henry Spencer, Martin Johansson, Phil Wagner and Jason Goodyear are all werewolves. Don’t ask me which pack they belong to, I’m not that clued in. Patricia Tinsley and her gang are all witches and I don’t have any idea whether there are any other psychics in here – or shape-shifters for that matter.”
“Anyone else?”
“No one, as far as I know, but of course – I don’t know everyone.”
“Of course you don’t but that’s cool.” Leona smiled. “This is so weird!”
“Unbelievable,” murmured Janey.
“You’re right there,” agreed Leona taking another sip of her blackcurrant smoothy and shaking her head as the sharpness of it made her ears tingle.
“No, sorry. I meant... look.” Janey nodded in the direction of the door. Leona turned. Adam was stood in the doorway looking over at them and smiling.
“Are you going to tell him that you remember turning into a cat now?”
“I don’t know. I guess I should talk to him about it. Sort out some ground rules about not seeing each other when I change. Only thing is, I don’t know when that happens!”
“I can help you there.” Janey grinned.
“I was hoping you could!” Leona slapped her hand in a high five.

*

Janey took a quick look into Leona’s sub conscience and found that she could only change at will. Therefore she had to make the conscious decision to change into a cat. It couldn’t just happen without her wanting it to.
Relieved that this was the case, Janey and Leona decided that it was actually fairly safe for Leona to date Adam.
Leona was very happy about it but decided to take Janey’s advice about not telling Adam what she knew about him right away.
“I’m not saying he wouldn’t want you to know, I just think it would be better if he told you himself.” Janey said.
Leona nodded. “That sounds reasonable – I think he was trying to tell me something at lunchtime in the cafeteria.”
Adam was making his way over to their table as they spoke and then he was right there, looking at Leona, waiting for her to notice him.
Janey smiled to herself as Leona turned to him with a dazzling smile. She could see that Adam was completely smitten with Leona and was happy that there was no real threat from him. She excused herself and made her way across the room to where she had spied Franklin ordering a juice to take out at the counter.
She wanted to apologise for running out on him earlier, and thought she would leave Adam to walk Leona home as she had read his mind and knew that was what he was angling at as he’d approached them.
Adam sat in Janey’s vacated spot.
“Hi.” He smiled at her.
“Hi.” Leona smiled back at him. It was difficult to imagine that he was the boy in the woods all those years ago. She knew deep down that she had found him disturbing even then – and not because he was about to kill her. It was his eyes. She’d had a feeling she knew him the first time she saw him. No one else had eyes like that...
“Still okay for the cinema on Saturday?”
“Yes, of course it is.” Leona answered in surprise. “Why would you think it wasn’t?”
“Adam shrugged, looking relieved. “I just got the feeling that your friend wasn’t so keen on the idea.”
Leona stared at him. “What made you think that?”
“Let’s just say she gives off a vibe.”
Leona raised her eyebrows. He was perceptive. She shrugged and smiled at him. “Well, she’s not the one who was asked, was she? But I’m totally up for it.”
“Good. I’ll be round for you at seven, then – can I see you home now?”
“Sure. That’d be great.”
Adam took her hand and they walked home chatting and laughing all the way. Neither of them noticed another young man leave the juice bar with a face like thunder and a mood to match.


Chapter 7 – Stay away from her…

“Adam – can I talk to you for a minute.”
Adam looked up in surprise. His older brother Jonah was stood in his doorway.
He nodded and shrugged, “Sure, what’s up?”
Jonah took a deep breath, “You need to stay away from that girl.”
Adam raised his eyebrows. “Why?”
“You know exactly what I’m talking about – don’t try to deny it. You’re a danger to her – you need to break it off.”
Adam looked at his brother in surprise. “I like her – I’m not going to hurt her.”
Jonah sighed. He knew this was going to be difficult. “Look, Adam – we both know she’s the reason we left here.”
Adam nodded. “Yeah, I do know that – but it’s not like she’s a cat all of the time, is it?”
Jonah ran his hand through his hair, trying his best to keep his temper in check. Adam was so annoying sometimes with his refusal to see what was as plain as the nose on his face. “But what if she just changes one night while you’re out – what’re going to do then?” Jonah looked hard at his younger brother. Adam was so irritatingly naive sometimes.
Adam leaned back in his seat and crossed his feet on the desk in front of him. He smiled confidently at his brother. “Oh stop your fussing, Jonah, that’s hardly likely – anyway I’ve already asked her on a date and she’s accepted, so it’s too late now anyway.”
Jonah glowered. “You’re playing with fire.” He growled and turning on his heel he left as silently as he had arrived.
Adam stared at the now vacant doorway. He rubbed his neck nervously. He knew Jonah was right. But she was so damned fascinating. Her eyes looked like they belonged in a cat’s face – she was really beautiful and he wanted to take her out to find out what she was like.

*

Jonah flung himself down on his bed. He closed his eyes and her face swam in front of them. It was no good. He’d recognised her as soon as he’d seen her, first thing this morning.
She’d been sat with her face turned up to the sun with a little smile on her face. He’d spotted her as he’d walked through the courtyard looking for the art block.
He’d felt his stomach drop as soon as he’d seen her. How could he possibly be able to recognise her after all these years? It wasn’t like she’d looked anything like a beautiful young woman back then... and yet he just knew.
And then seeing her talking to his brother at lunchtime had just made him feel even worse. Just what did Adam think he was doing – surely he’d recognised her too?
He sighed. Of course he had. He’d just said so, hadn’t he?
They were going to have to move again. Jonah didn’t want to move from here again. There was something about this place that made him feel at peace – well, that wasn’t strictly true – he would have no peace at all whilst ever he was thinking of her, but he really felt as though he belonged here. Something pulled him back here; it was like gravity or something...


Chapter 8 – First date…

Adam turned up at Leona’s house right on time. He rang the doorbell and waited nervously for someone to answer the door.
Leona ran lightly down the stairs and opened the door. She smiled at Adam shyly. “Hi, Adam, come on in.”
He remained where he was. “Hi.” He grinned then, all his nerves disappearing. “Are you ready to go?”
“Sure. I just need to tell my mum and dad where we’re going and I’ll be right with you,” She stopped. “Aren’t you coming in?” She asked in surprise as it registered that he was still stood outside.
He smiled. “I’m just fine waiting here.” He said.
She looked at him slightly puzzled, but didn’t comment. She disappeared into the back of the house and was back within a couple of minutes.
Adam breathed a silent sigh of relief that she had told her parents exactly where they were going. It gave him the incentive he needed to bring her back safely. Not that he had any plans to the contrary – it was just knowing she could change into a cat that unnerved him. He hadn’t had to deal with such a situation before and it worried him that he wasn’t totally in control.
“All ready to go.” Leona smiled brightly at him and shut the door behind her.
“Cool.” He took her hand and they strolled down towards the town centre.
The movie was starting at eight, so they had plenty of time to get to the cinema, which was in the centre of the small town.
It seemed that half of the school had the same idea and the cinema was buzzing when they arrived.
They got their tickets and a large bucket of popcorn to share and then went to find their seats.

*

“Wasn’t that great?” Leona sighed happily, tucking her arm through his as they strolled home.
“Yeah, I guess it was okay.” Adam smiled.
“Oh, you didn’t like it?” Leona looked up at him a little disappointed that he hadn’t enjoyed the movie.
He screwed his nose up. “Not really my thing if I’m honest, but I’m glad you enjoyed it.”
Leona looked up at him. “We can go and see something else next time.”
Adam smiled. “So there will be a next time?” He asked hopefully.
Leona blushed and nodded.
He grinned, “Great, then yeah – do you like action hero stuff?” Adam’s smile faded a little and he looked at her doubtfully – if she thought that pile of schmaltzy crap was good he couldn’t see it somehow.
“I’m sure I can sit through it.” She grinned back at him, “As long as there’s a good looking male lead!”
Adam threw his head back and laughed showing beautifully straight white teeth. “It’s a deal.” He agreed. “Hey, do you fancy a drink on the way back? It’s still fairly early.” Adam checked his watch.
“Sure. That’d be great.”
They were nearing the local coffee house, which stayed open late at the weekends for the local teens. Adam pushed the door open and they walked in. Again, the atmosphere was buzzing and the shop was full of the kids that went to their school.
Adam raised his eyebrows to a couple of boys that Leona didn’t think she’d seen before. At first glance they looked fairly similar to each other and to Adam. One was blonde haired and blue eyed and the other was dark haired with very pale green eyes exactly the same shape as Adam’s. He was incredibly handsome too, she couldn’t help noticing – much like she’d just been imagining the male lead in an action movie...
The blonde one put his hand up in recognition and grinned widely. He wasn’t so much like either of the other two. His blonde hair was of course the biggest contrast. He was just as pale skinned as them, but his eyes were as dark as theirs were pale.
Adam and his other brother, Leona noticed after having a proper look, looked incredibly alike, both of them being so dark haired. But the real likeness was those eyes – if it wasn’t for the difference in colour they’d be almost exactly the same.
The handsome one scowled menacingly at them.
“Who are they?” Leona asked when they sat down. She felt quite certain they must be his brothers but since he’d not mentioned them before, she didn’t like to assume.
“My brothers, Oscar and Jonah.” Adam replied. He was frowning slightly.
“Is it a problem that you’re with me?” Leona glanced back toward the two young men. The blonde one, Oscar, smiled and raised his eyebrows in a friendly manner.
In complete contrast to his sunny natured younger brother, Jonah glowered at them both. She tore her eyes away from him with some difficulty – as unfriendly as he was, she couldn’t deny he was incredibly attractive.
“No.” Adam replied curtly. Leona looked at Adam, her brow creased with concern.
Adam sighed. “Well, let me clarify. It’s not a problem to me. It would appear that Jonah might not agree.”
“Jonah? Is he the dark one then?”
“Uh-huh.” Adam nodded. “Dark in looks and in nature.” He mumbled.
“And why would he have a problem with us going out together?” Leona asked, ignoring his comment about Jonah.
Adam became evasive. “I don’t know – maybe he’s jealous that I got to go out with the best looking girl in the neighbourhood before he had the chance to ask.” He smiled.
Leona smiled weakly back at him, but she didn’t really believe his explanation. She couldn’t imagine that menacing character ever asking her out – or her wanting to go out with someone who was so angry all of the time – even if he was so good-looking.
She wondered if Jonah knew that she was a shape-shifter too. Maybe he thought it was dangerous for them to be dating – or maybe he just wanted to eat her himself. She shivered involuntarily.
Adam was smiling up at the waitress, who seemed to be taking a little too much pleasure in taking his order. Adam ordered them both a cappuccino and was so engrossed in flirting with her that he missed Leona’s shudder.
Finally he turned his attention back to Leona. She’d recovered herself and was looking out of the window, feeling ever so slightly forgotten about.
“Are you alright Leona?” Adam was giving her his full attention again, turning on the charm and making her feel like the only girl in the world again. She looked up and smiled at him.
“I’m fine, thanks. I’ve had a really good time tonight, it’s been really lovely.”
“Yeah, it has, hasn’t it? We’ll have to do it again.” He glanced over at his brothers as he spoke and a frown crossed his face. It didn’t escape Leona’s notice.
“Is everything alright, Adam?”
“Everything is fine.” Adam said, taking a deep breath. He seemed to be trying not to look annoyed. “I’m sorry. I’m not being very good company, am I?” He smiled disarmingly.
“No, really – you’re company is just fine.” Leona smiled up at him. “I think maybe we should be on our way as soon as we’ve had our drinks though. I can feel your brother’s eyes boring into my back the whole time and it’s getting pretty uncomfortable.”
The waitress appeared at that moment and put their drinks down. Leona picked hers up, grateful to have something else to think about, other than turning in her seat to get another look at Jonah – as frightening as it was that he was looking at her murderously, there was something about him that she couldn’t stop herself from being very attracted to. It was madness, but it was true.
She drained her cup. Adam had finished his too. Suddenly he leaned sideways and Leona thought she heard him growl softly. He definitely looked like he was barring his teeth towards his brother. Leona looked at him in alarm.
“Just settling something.” Adam muttered, sliding out of his seat in one fluid movement. He took her hand and pulled her gently to her feet. “Let’s go.”
They walked back to her house in silence. Adam was definitely brooding about his brother’s reaction to their date.
They were at her gate before he spoke to her.
“I would like us to go out again some time.” He smiled.
“Yeah, that’d be lovely. We’ll have to arrange something, and thanks for tonight – I’ve had a lovely time.”
He raised an eyebrow at her. “Yeah, right!” He laughed. “Because it’s great going out with someone who has a brother that looks at you as if he wants to kill you!”
Leona blushed. “Well, I guess he must have his reasons.”
“That doesn’t make it right – or acceptable. I’ll talk to him.”
Leona frowned and bit her lip. She didn’t want to cause any trouble between them.
“I’ll see you at school.” Adam smiled. He leaned over and kissed her cheek.
“Yeah – see you then.” She watched him disappear from view. Once he was out of sight she stuck her key in the lock and let herself in.
Closing the door behind her, she leaned against the door and closed her eyes. Instead of seeing Adam’s smiling face though; his darker, more dangerous brother’s face floated into her mind. Her heart started beating wildly in her chest and her eyes flew open. She shook her head trying to get rid of the image of him. What was she thinking of? She didn’t fancy Jonah... did she?


Chapter 9 – No danger…

“I’ll thank you not to interrupt my date in future.” Adam stood in the doorway of his older brother’s room, leaning casually against the frame. Jonah wasn’t fooled by his brother’s casual stance, he could see the look on his face and it was pure fury.
“You shouldn’t be dating your next meal.” Jonah snapped. He turned back to his computer screen, which he knew would annoy him further.
“She’s in no danger from me. I brought her to the coffee shop so you could see that – to put your mind at rest. Now you’ve seen for yourself that I have no desire to take a bite out of her, you can relax.”
Jonah finally turned back and faced his brother, “That wasn’t necessary, Adam.” His scowl had gone. “You might not have a problem with her but what about Oscar and I? What if we can’t control ourselves – you’re still putting her in an unnecessary amount of danger. You’d better watch out – she smelled really good.”
Adam clenched his fists. “I’ll rip your head off your shoulders if you as much as look at her. Do you understand?”
Jonah snorted and raised an eyebrow in disbelief. “Little brother. You can’t tell me what to do.”
“No, I can’t.” Agreed Adam. “But I can kill you if I have to.”
Jonah narrowed his eyes. “You’re actually serious?”
“I’m deadly serious, brother. I’m in love with Leona. So stay away from her.”
Jonah inclined his head, a mocking look on his face. He resisted the urge to give another snort. Adam was always in love with some girl or other. “Okay. I will try my best to stay away from her. You’d better warn Oscar too, though. He found her almost irresistible.” Jonah grinned suddenly, showing perfectly even white teeth. He was winding Adam up and it was working.
Adam rolled his eyes. “I’m on it.” He headed for Oscar’s room.

*

Oscar was waiting for him. “I heard what Jonah just said and I can promise you that I found her anything but irresistible.”
“Really?” drawled Adam. “Well that’s a first. You usually covet everything of mine. So what’s changed?”
Oscar shrugged. “Not this time, bro. I’ve got nothing against the girl, Adam; please don’t get me wrong. She looks very nice – not exactly your usual type,” He couldn’t help having a dig about Adam’s usual taste, “but she seems perfectly sweet.” Oscar’s dark blue eyes stared steadily into his brothers. “I’ve found that there isn’t anyone I’ve set eyes on around here that I find interesting, let alone irresistible – I’m surprised that you find her so fascinating only days after finishing with Loraine...”
Adam stared back. It was true that he had dated a few girls in the past that could only be described as brassy. Loraine had been different. She was a lovely girl, but in truth, Adam had been getting bored with her and was glad to move on. He wondered why it seemed to irritate Oscar so much.
“Yeah, well – we were moving weren’t we – and there’s no use dwelling on the past.” He mumbled. “So what was up with Jonah then? Saying you’d got a thing about Leona?”
Oscar shrugged again. “Looks to me that maybe he’s the one coveting your girl this time.” He muttered under his breath, turning back to his drawing.
Adam glanced at the picture. He recognised with a jolt the girl in it. It was a perfect likeness of Loraine. It was absolutely stunning. Light suddenly dawned on Adam that Oscar hadn’t just coveted Loraine, he’d been in love with her and by the looks of it, still was.
He scratched his head. Oscar must be right; it had to be Jonah that fancied Leona this time. Well this was going to be awkward...


Chapter 10 – Blood protection…

Leona sighed. She was trying hard to concentrate on her English Assignment, but it kept reminding her of Adam – which in turn made her think about Jonah.
It had taken her research in a strange direction and she had stumbled upon the term “blood protection.”
She wasn’t familiar with the term, but it had immediately piqued her curiosity and she now found herself absorbed in the text.
“... Vampires who resist the temptation of killing their prey, by default, allow them protection from themselves and other vampires. The term for this is blood protection. It is believed that this protection is not widely known in the vampire community, and as vampire’s are not usually known for their mercy; there are few examples. It cannot therefore be assumed to be a reliable fact. Most scientists dismiss the theory completely as there is so little proof of its existence...”
It seemed to her, from reading the text, that Adam may have, unknowingly, made a connection with her that night years ago when he had let her go. Maybe he had left a trace of protection on her when he had saved her life – but how would they ever know?
She obviously couldn’t prove it; she had almost nothing to go on, but something inside told her that he had given her protection, unknowingly or otherwise.
Since they weren’t really dating, she hadn’t seen him since their cinema date and he still had no idea that she knew he was a vampire. He thought he knew she was that cat in the woods, but again she hadn’t confirmed it to him. She wanted to tell him her theory but she wanted to choose the time carefully – when the time was right...


Chapter 11 – Planning Prom…

The more she tried to concentrate on her homework, the more she wanted to think about her date with Adam. Only trouble with that was the more she remembered the date, the more she thought about Jonah and images of his murderous scowl kept flashing in her mind.
There was no denying it, she found him deeply attractive – in fact he was quite the most disturbingly handsome guy she had ever seen. She sighed as another image of that glower flashed into her mind. She had no idea why, but the way he looked at her; it was as if he really seemed to hate her. It was so unfair too – he didn’t even know her and yet he seemed to have formed an opinion about her that she shouldn’t be dating Adam at all.
Leona wasn’t used to hostility of any kind from anyone. She had an outgoing nature and got along with mostly everyone. To have a vampire looking at her like that, therefore, was particularly unnerving.
She was telling Janey all about it the next day at school.
“What should I do?” She asked her friend, while chewing her thumb nail down so far it was starting to bleed.
“Stay away from him.” Janey replied, as if this was the most obvious thing in the world, whilst pulling Leona’s hand away from her mouth before she could inflict any further damage upon herself.
“Well that’s obvious,” snapped Leona, “but what if I can’t avoid him? What do I do then?”
Janey put her head on one side and looked at her for a while before she answered. “Well I guess it all depends on whether you really want to stay away from him of course.” She sighed at Leona’s confused expression. “I don’t know. I guess I could cast a protection spell for you, but it’s not likely to stand up for long against a powerful being like that.”
Leona felt her legs wobble at the thought of him.
“A powerful being?” Franklin suddenly appeared. “You wouldn’t be referring to me, would you?” He grinned wolfishly at Janey.
Leona snorted, forgetting all about Jonah for a moment. “Yeah, right!” she laughed.
“Hey, leave him alone!” Janey stood up and put her arms around Franklin protectively. “I’m sure he’ll be very powerful one day – when puberty finally kicks in!”
Franklin swatted her behind playfully. “Hey! Watch it, Morgan!” He grinned.
“I’m just kidding you,” Janey grinned up at him. He’d gotten much taller and broader recently. She wondered vaguely if he was in any way aware of the bigger changes that were coming. He certainly didn’t seem to be aware of any at all, which she found a little bit strange. Surely his mother would have advised him about it?
“What are you doing here anyway?” Janey looked up at him again. Wow, she thought, he looks really quite handsome this afternoon.
Franklin went red. “I um, I wanted to ask you something.”
“Oh, right. Shoot.” Janey looked at him expectantly.
Leona glanced at them both and then spotting Adam across the courtyard, she breathed a sigh of relief to have an excuse to leave them be. She made a quick escape.
“I’ll give you a bit of space.” She muttered, more to herself than either of them. Their eyes seemed to be locked on one another and it was as if no one else existed for either of them.
Janey was trying her best not to blush before Franklin spoke. As she had looked into his eyes, she had heard his thoughts. He was going to ask her to the Prom!
If she had been asked a couple of months back if she wanted to go with him she would probably have said no, but there was something about Franklin that had grown on her recently and she was totally stoked.
“I, um. Will you come to Prom with me?” Franklin blurted it out.
“I would love to go to Prom with you, Frank. Thank you for asking me.” She put her arms around his neck and kissed him on the cheek. It felt rough, as though he needed to shave. Looking at him close to, she could see that he actually did shave. Weird, she thought, that’s the first time I’ve noticed that.
Franklin was beaming at her with a slightly dazed look about him.
Janey beamed back at him.
“Well, I guess it’s a date then.” He finally said. “I’ll call round for you around seven thirty.”
“Brilliant – I can’t wait!”
“Me either.” Franklin sauntered off. Janey watched him go. He was gorgeous. Why did she have to fancy him when he was so not her type?

*

Adam grinned widely as Leona approached him.
“Hey, Leona.” He leaned over and kissed her cheek.
Blushing furiously, Leona managed to squeak “Hi.”
“What’s going on over there – they look pretty intense.”
Leona turned and looked over her shoulder at Janey and Franklin. Janey had her arms around his neck and was kissing his cheek. “I think he was asking her to Prom – and by the looks of it, she just accepted!”
“Really? I’d never have put those two together.” Adam frowned in their direction.
“You wouldn’t?” Leona asked in surprise. “I think they’re made for each other.”
“Hmm.” Adam pulled his gaze away from Janey and Franklin and looked at Leona; he grinned at her. “So, who are you going with, then?”
Leona looked up at him in surprise. “Me? I’m not going.” She said.
“Not going? You mean no one asked you yet?” He looked so surprised that Leona laughed.
“No – nobody did – can you imagine that?” she laughed.
“Not really, no.” Adam replied, smiling. “Would you like to go with me?” His silver-blue eyes danced.
“I’d love to.” Leona smiled, looking up into his eyes.
“Cool.” He murmured, looking back at her.
Leona tore her eyes away. Every time she looked at him, she was reminded of another pair of eyes – pale green ones that didn’t seem to hold any warmth or friendliness in them – and something deep inside her heart wanted them to be friendly and warm towards her.
“Well, I guess I should get to class.” She laughed self-consciously. It was strange, but whenever she talked to Adam recently, it was as if the whole world seemed to shrink around them, almost as if no one else existed.
Adam too seemed to be suffering from the same problem – he was shaking his head as he stood up. “It’s like time stands still whenever I’m with you.” He muttered, frowning.
Leona wasn’t sure if she was supposed to hear that, but she grinned to herself as she turned away and made her way to English...
Leona dashed over to Janey before the lesson started. 
“Adam just asked me to Prom! We really have to go shopping!” She said excitedly, squeezing Janey’s arm.
Janey looked up with a huge smile. “We sure do – I want to look absolutely stunning!”
“Wow, me too.” Leona breathed.
“Settle down, settle down.” Mr Coulson, the English teacher swept into the room and immediately the class quietened.
Leona sat in her place and pulled out her books, her mind full of dresses, corsages and Adam (and Jonah, if she was honest – but she didn’t want to admit that to anyone.)


Chapter 12 – She’s the One…

Jonah sighed and shifted in his seat. He really should stop snooping. He dragged his thoughts back away from his brother’s and tried to concentrate on his assignment, which held no interest for him at all. He was bored with his life at the moment. As they had moved quickly, he didn’t get his first choice of English Literature to take and would have to do that next year instead. He was therefore studying Psychology and Sociology, which were fine, but not as interesting as he would have found English and he was bored.
Adam would realise soon enough that he was borrowing his thoughts; of course he would – Jonah was so much more intense than Adam ever could be – Adam was a far more carefree soul. He was a very nice person and far more engaging a personality than his brother, but he lacked the depth of emotion that Jonah possessed. He rarely thought things through and floated through life on a cloud of thoughtless happiness. He had fallen in love more times than Jonah could count and left a trail of broken hearts behind him, wherever they went. Yes, if he started to feel Jonah’s intensity he would first of all, believe all of the emotion bubbling around his head was his own, but inevitably he would start to panic, wondering if he really did want to spend the rest of his days with this girl and then he would work out what was really happening and he would finally know that Jonah was in love with his girlfriend...
Jonah rolled his head on his shoulders trying his best to relieve the tension he felt in the back of his neck. He was wound as tight at a spring. He couldn’t believe his bad luck that Adam had met Leona first, but on the other hand, he couldn’t really say he was surprised. Adam was always more outgoing than both he and Oscar were.
Jonah was dark and mysterious and quiet. He simply hadn’t found what he was looking for yet and didn’t see the point in dating when he knew it wouldn’t go anywhere.
Oscar was the youngest and had only recently really noticed girls – being painfully shy, he had no idea how to strike up a conversation without stammering and stuttering his way through it and like Jonah, found that it simply wasn’t worth it if the girl in question wasn’t the one he wanted to be with.
Adam was the chatterbox; the charming one. He was the only one out of the three of them that found it as easy as breathing to strike up a conversation with a total stranger. Jonah usually found it fascinating and admired him for his gift.
Only this time he’d picked the wrong girl. Jonah clenched his fists as he thought about her again – this time he’d picked the one that Jonah just knew, without a shadow of a doubt was The One for him. It was fate that she had been saved, it had to be – she had been saved for him...
Jonah wasn’t proud of himself for looking though Adam’s eyes at Leona, but he couldn’t seem to help it. He recognised that it was becoming an unhealthy obsession and he vowed to stop. It was just so damned difficult when he was truly in love with the girl. He also knew that doing so was making Adam feel that he was the one in love with her – he was quite sure that Adam would have moved on already by now if he could have just stopped dipping into his mind every few hours.
He tried to focus on his work. The words swam in front of his eyes and he closed them for a second. That was no good – her face floated in front of his eyes, smiling at him invitingly. Well that was never going to happen – she was terrified of him; he could see that. He sighed again. It was his own fault – when Adam had walked into the coffee shop with her the other night, it was all he could do to stay in his seat. What he’d wanted to do was cross the room and rip his brother’s head off simply for getting in the way. What the hell had Adam been thinking of? He was a danger to the girl – why couldn’t he just get that through his thick skull?
Jonah simply had no idea how Adam was resisting. It was impossible, surely? But there he was, enjoying her company, insisting that he had no desire whatsoever to hurt her. And he seemed to be completely sincere too. The mystery therefore, then was this – just what was it that was stopping him from hurting her then?
Jonah wondered briefly if she had some sort of protection charm around her – he couldn’t sense one, but that didn’t necessarily mean that one wasn’t there – her best friend was a witch after all... Whatever it was that was stopping Adam from taking a bite, he was grateful for it. He didn’t think he could possibly go on living if she died...


Chapter 13 – Mum’s advice…

“Mum? Is it really bad that I fancy a boy in my year at school that is an um, werewolf?” Janey had finally plucked up the courage to go and confess what she had been battling with for months – her feelings for Franklin.
Janey’s mother rolled her eyes. “Well, of course it’s not the best match, but you know – I went for a man who wasn’t exactly ideal too.”
Janey grinned. “So you’re cool with it?”
“I’m cool with it, babe. Go for it.” Her mother grinned back at her. “Just remember though – werewolves generally don’t make long term partners for people like us – they always seem to eventually end up with their own kind.”
“Yeah, I know that. It’s what was stopping me from admitting my real feelings for a while. But I guess I’m gonna kiss a few frogs before I find my final Prince, aren’t I?”
Her mother smiled at her. “That’s a very grown-up attitude, Janey.”
“Thanks Mum!” Janey beamed at her mother and then told her what she had been dying to tell her all day. “He asked me to Prom!”
“Ah-hah!” Her mother grinned broadly at her. “So I guess you’ll need a nice new outfit then?”
Janey grinned back. “I guess I will!”
We’ll go into town at the weekend then – I suppose you’ll want Leona to come with us?”
Janey grinned again. “Right again!” She quipped.
Her mother smiled fondly at her. “I remember my Prom...”
Janey rolled her eyes. Her mother was going to be going on about this all night now...


Chapter 14 – Shopping…

“Oh, I like the colour of that one on you – it brings out the green in your eyes beautifully.”
Janey was admiring Leona’s dress as Leona eyed herself critically in the mirror.
“Do you really think so?” She asked doubtfully.
“Absolutely. It’s gorgeous – all floaty and girly.”
Leona wrinkled her nose up. “I don’t want to look flaky, I want to look sexy.” She grumbled.
Janey shrugged good-naturedly. “I meant sexy.” She said grinning. “Now what do you think of this dress on me?”
Leona turned her attention to Janey’s choice of dress. As usual she looked like a little pixie. “You look stunning – as always.” She smiled.
“Really? Do you think Franklin will like it?”
“Oh most definitely.” Leona nodded. “I can almost see him drooling already!”
Janey laughed out loud. “He does not drool!”
“He might when he sees you in that!” Leona joked.
“Well I’m definitely getting this one then.” Janey turned this way and that checking her appearance from every possible angle. “It isn’t too tight on the bum is it?” She bit her lip twisting her head round as far as she could to get a good look at her behind.
“Are you kidding – you have the teensiest little bottom I’ve ever seen!” Leona rolled her eyes at her friend.
“Rubbish.” Janey muttered, but she was smiling. “It’s definitely the one for me – what about you? Are you taking that?”
“I don’t know – do you think Jonah...” She blushed crimson at her gaff, “– I mean Adam will like it?”
Janey looked curiously at Leona. “I’m sure he will – and Adam too.”
Leona cringed. “I don’t know why I said that!” She said.
“Hmm.” Janey smiled to herself. It was quite obvious to her that Jonah crept into Leona’s thoughts far more than they should do. It just didn’t seem obvious to Leona yet.
“What?” Leona asked, staring at Janey. “Do you think I like Jonah?”
Janey shrugged. “I dunno – I know that he scares the crap out of me.”
“Oh God, me too – he’s so intimidating.”
“Handsome though.” Janey watched Leona’s reaction as she spoke.
Leona’s eyes glazed over slightly as she murmured. “Oh God yeah – he’s dreamy.”
Janey smiled. She knew it – Leona might well be dating Adam – but the one she really liked was the dangerous older brother...
Leona finally decided to buy the green floaty dress and they left the store with two huge bags.
“Let’s go for a coffee.” Janey suggested looking longingly at the coffee house opposite.
“Yeah, okay.” Leona followed Janey across the street and they entered the shop. There was quite a queue.
“Shall I go and find us a seat?” Leona offered, digging around her bag for her purse.
“Sure – what do you want?”
Leona gave Janey a five pound note. “I’ll have a cappuccino please.” She made her way up the stairs. Reaching the top she looked around. Her eyes met with a pale green pair staring right back across the room at her. Her stomach dropped and her armpits prickled. Jonah.
Leona couldn’t help it. She felt her face heating up and she just knew she was blushing all the way from her neck to the roots of her hair. Once she started to go red it was the human tomato effect.
Thankfully Jonah seemed to have finished his coffee and was preparing to leave.
He nodded to her as he passed, his eyes never leaving hers. He didn’t seem angry with her this morning, but there was still nothing in his face to say he was pleased to see her or otherwise. Leona tried to smile but she wasn’t sure if she managed it. She mumbled a hello as he passed her.
She hurried over to a table by the window and searched the crowds below for him.
She spotted him easily. She didn’t want to start analysing why it was so easy to find him in a crowd. She wasn’t really comfortable with the fact that she was so desperately aware of him either, but that was exactly what she was – incredibly aware of him.
Almost as if he knew she would be looking for him, he suddenly looked back up to the window. She wasn’t quick enough to look away before their eyes met again. This time she was more ready with a smile though. He smiled back at her, the corners of his mouth slowly turning upwards, making her heart thump wildly in her chest. He was absolutely beautiful when he actually did smile. But then just as suddenly, he turned and was gone, leaving her feeling more than a little breathless and very confused.

*

Jonah stepped out in the street. He resisted the urge to look straight back up at the windows of the coffee shop but he had a strange feeling that he was being watched. In the end the temptation to look back up got too much and he glanced up. There she was sat in the window her eyes fixed on him. Jonah couldn’t help himself, the joy he felt that she was looking for him was overwhelming. He found himself grinning up at her. Feeling suddenly foolish, he turned quickly and disappeared into the first shop he could find.
Control yourself! He berated himself. She’s your brother’s girlfriend, not yours!
He wandered around the shop feeling more and more agitated with himself and finally decided to just go home as he had managed to totally lose the desire to shop at all.
He arrived home. His mind was still on Leona. She had looked really uncomfortable when she had got to the top of those stairs and spotted him.
As he recalled their encounter he realised with some relief that she had looked surprised first and foremost at seeing him. That was good. At least she wasn’t terrified of him, which, to be fair with the way he had acted to begin with, she should have been.
And then of course she had been looking for him out of the window. Or at least, that was what he hoped she’d been doing. She’d definitely smiled at him. That was something at least.
He commanded himself to stop thinking about her as Adam came up to his room, whistling merrily.
“Hey Jo – can I borrow your tux?”
Jonah frowned. “Why?”
“Prom.”
“Prom?” Jonah felt the last remnants of his earlier good mood draining away completely as he registered what Adam was so happy about.
“Yup. I’m taking Leona.”
Jonah groaned inwardly. Of course that was what Adam was in such a good mood about. He really should have known seeing the size of the bags Leona had been wrestling with – they obviously contained her prom dress. And I’ll bet she’ll look utterly beautiful. He thought.
“Fine.” He replied shortly. There was simply no further point in trying to discourage Adam –the more he tried now, the deeper Adam would dig his heels in and the relationship would just last longer. “It’s hanging up in there,” He nodded towards his wardrobe “– you might want to take it out and air it – it might have got a bit damp. This room still hasn’t warmed up properly from the house being empty for so long.”
“Cool.” Adam loped across the room and opened the wardrobe. He rummaged around and pulled out his brother’s tuxedo. “Thanks dude.”
“Yeah, whatever.” Jonah booted up his computer and tried his best not to sound put out.
“Who did you take when it was your Prom?”
Jonah looked up and raised an eyebrow at Adam. “Do you really need to ask?” he asked sarcastically.
Adam stared at him, nonplussed. “I just wondered.” He mumbled.
Jonah smiled and shook his head. “You can’t remember any of them once you’ve lost interest, can you?”
Adam stared at his brother. “I don’t follow.”
“Her name was Stephanie.”
A light bulb quite clearly went off in Adam’s head at that point as it dawned on him who his brother was talking about. His face changed and he muttered. “Oh, yeah – Stephanie, right.”
“Right.” Jonah agreed in amusement.
It was back in Belvoir Creek, the year before. Jonah sat with a very nice young woman in his Science class and they got on very well.
He suspected that she liked him rather more than he liked her, but he was happy enough to accept her invitation to be her date for the Prom. She was always good company and he certainly didn’t have any plans to ask anyone else.
He had dutifully gone and bought a tuxedo and he had also checked the colour she would be wearing and got her a matching corsage.
Adam had somehow managed to blag his way in to the after Prom party and had got chatting to her while Jonah was talking to one of his other friends.
Adam, being charming and funny, had somehow in the matter of a couple of minutes, managed to turn her attention fully to him and Jonah had found himself once again melting into the background while Adam took over his date.
It had lasted approximately three weeks, which was the standard length of time for one of Adam’s many relationships.
The first week Adam was completely in love and everyone had to know it. The second week he was beginning to feel a little smothered, having bombarded the poor girl with his lavish attention, she believed he loved her and had allowed herself to feel the same way.
The inevitable third week saw him breaking it off and apologising all of the time, and saw her absolutely heartbroken. She had never spoken to Jonah again, blaming him for the whole episode that had apparently ruined her life and had even moved to another desk in Science, such was the strength of her ill-feeling towards him.
Jonah thought it was a little rich, since she had dropped him like a hot potato in favour of his brother, but he never said as much. Least said soonest mended and all that...
“You don’t approve of me going out with Leona, do you?” Adam eyed his brother.
“No, I don’t – I’ve told you why.” Jonah didn’t want to look up and give away his true feelings.
Adam narrowed his eyes slightly as he regarded his brother. “Yeah, I know you’ve said it’s because we could be a danger to her – but are you absolutely sure there isn’t more to it than that?”
“Quite sure.” Jonah said shortly and tried to look as though he was completely absorbed in his work.
Adam sighed. “As long you are quite sure – I don’t want to be treading on anyone’s toes.”
“Of course you don’t bro’.” Jonah muttered.
Adam frowned. It wasn’t fair – they all thought he was just some kind of flaky flirt. He took the tuxedo and stomped off down the stairs to his room.


Chapter 15 – The Kiss…

The school hall had never looked better. Leona and Adam made a very handsome couple as they walked in through the double doors.
Fairy lights had been weaved around the two potted plants at the entrance and the theme had been continued throughout the hall.
“Wow, it looks like a fairy garden!” exclaimed Leona. “Isn’t it pretty?”
She turned shining eyes on Adam who looked back at her with a smile.
“It sure does.” He agreed. “Shall I get us a drink?”
Leona nodded. “I’ll have a diet coke please.”
“Coming right up.” Adam turned and disappeared through the crowds towards the snack bar which was doubling up as the drinks bar tonight.
“Having a good time?” Janey tapped her on the shoulder.
“I’m having a great time!” Leona grinned. “How about you?”
“The best. Franklin is so lovely. I’m really glad I agreed to come with him. He’ll be asking me to dance any time now.”
“Hey, Janey. Come and dance with me?”
Janey grinned at Leona and then turned and looked up. She could have sworn he’d got even taller. She’d known he was going to ask at this moment and she had been waiting. She looked up into his beautiful brown eyes.
“Hey Frank.” She grinned. “I would love to dance with you.”
His answering smile was perfect. “Come on then.”
Janey gave Leona a little wave and then he took her hand and led her to the dance floor. Janey put her arms around his neck and leaned her head against his chest. He put his arms around her and rested his chin very lightly on the top of her head.
Janey closed her eyes and saw a vision of the future. She saw him changing into a wolf. It didn’t seem to be that far away. The vision quickly changed to another – one that was going to happen very soon. It surprised her and she jumped slightly – she hadn’t been expecting this quite so soon.
“Are you alright, Janey?”
“Yeah.” She laughed nervously. “Just got bumped by someone passing.”
Franklin looked around. He couldn’t see anyone. “Would you like some fresh air?”
“Yeah, that would be good.” They made their way out of the double doors onto the school courtyard. A few others were outside, sitting on the low walls with their drinks. A few of the faculty were stood around reminding the kids of their presence.
“Sit with me over here.” Franklin led Janey over to a low wall that wasn’t already occupied.
Janey sat next to him. Franklin put his arm around her tentatively. Janey knew he wanted to kiss her – her vision moments ago had already told her that and she realised that she really wanted to kiss him too. She turned to him. “Are you going to kiss me?”
“Is that alright?” Franklin’s eyes widened in the fading light.
“I’ve been waiting for you to ask all night.” Janey grinned.
Their lips met and Janey knew everything was going to be alright. It felt absolutely perfect.
Franklin pulled away gently after a few moments. His eyes looked darker. “Wow.” He said dazed, grinning at her.
Janey grinned back. “Wow’s right,” she murmured and pulled him back in for another.
They walked back into the dance hand in hand.
The music was throbbing through the school hall, Janey looked around for Leona. There she was – in her element, swaying to the music. She smiled to herself and allowed Franklin to take her in his arms for another dance.
Leona was very happy. Everything was perfect tonight. Adam was dancing with her, his strangely pale blue eyes looking intently into hers. It was like they were suddenly magnetically drawn to each other. As their lips met, Adam suddenly pulled away as if he had received a shock. He stared at Leona for what seemed like an eternity, then turned on his heel and strode away as fast as he could without drawing too much attention. Leona’s bewildered eyes met with Janey’s across the hall. What was going on?
Janey dashed over; closely followed by Franklin. “What happened? Did he hurt you?”
“No, of course not, but something passed between us just then. It was like an electric shock.” As she spoke the words, she knew that it was true and that Adam must have felt it too. But he had clearly got a problem with it and that frustrated her.
“Follow him, Leona. He really doesn’t want to hurt you. I think he just needs some air – he’s standing by the gates taking a breather.” Janey opened her dark eyes and urged her towards the doors. “Don’t worry, the coven are close.” She added.
Leona nodded and pushed the doors open. Janey watched her go, as she stood hand in hand with Franklin.
“Trouble?” Franklin asked as Leona disappeared from view.
“Could be.” Janey looked up into his eyes again and realised that he had absolutely no clue that any of them were super naturals – hadn’t his mother told him anything?
She sighed. It really wasn’t the time to tell him now. “Come on Frank. Let’s get back to the dance.”
Franklin grinned and allowed her to lead him back to the dance floor.

*

Leona pushed open the double doors to the car park. She could see Adam stood by the gates. It looked as though he was talking to someone but she couldn’t see anyone there. She started to walk slowly towards the gates.
“Adam?” Leona murmured as she approached him silently.
Adam jumped even though her voice was almost a whisper on the wind.
“Hey there, you scared me,” he smiled. “I’m sorry I ran out on you. I had a bit of a moment there.”
“I felt it too, Adam. What was it?”
Adam stared at her. He seemed to struggle with himself for a moment, and then he sighed, resigned.
“I really have no idea,” he frowned. “But I think I owe you an explanation for my weird behaviour lately.”
Leona leaned closer and asked in a low voice. “Do you mean about what you are?”
Adam raised his eyebrows in surprise. Leona grinned. “Didn’t you realise we were all a little weird around here? Janey is psychic. She saw you coming and she told me you were dangerous to me.”
“And yet you’re still here?” He looked at her incredulously.
“Well, yes of course I’m still here...” Leona looked at him apprehensively. “... I don’t believe you will hurt me.” She added simply.
“I wouldn’t mean to, no.” He frowned. It was as if he wanted to say more, but couldn’t find the words.
Leona took a deep breath, the moment to discuss her theory had presented itself earlier than she had imagined. “Adam, do you know anything about blood protection?”
“Blood protection?” He frowned at her, puzzled. “No. Should I?”
She shrugged. “It’s just something I’ve been researching in my spare time. It’s actually part of a story I’ve been writing for my English assignment but, well it kind of struck a chord with me.”
“Well, go on then, what is it?” Adam sat on the edge of the pavement and patted the floor next to him for her to sit down too. She sat down next to him and he put his arm around her.
“I think you gave me some kind of protection when you let me go that time.” She started.
“I’m not following...” Adam frowned.
Leona quickly filled him in on everything she knew about blood protection, which, to be perfectly honest, wasn’t much, but was clearly more than he knew.
“I see.” Adam frowned. “Well I guess it’s possible, but I’m not convinced on it and I wouldn’t want to put it to the test really.”
“Hmm, me either I guess – only you haven’t wanted to hurt me – have you?”
“No – not a bit.” Adam replied, gazing into her eyes again. He looked away abruptly, as if he needed to break the contact. “I’ll ask my mum. She’s bound to know.” He stood up and shook his head.
Leona stood up too. “Great. Are you coming back in to the dance?”
“Yeah, sure. And Leona, I’m sorry I freaked earlier. I felt such a connection with you for a moment, it kind of frightened me a little – silly huh?” He smiled sheepishly.
“No, not silly – I felt it too. I’m not freaked by it though – I feel safe with you.” She looked at him. She’d really felt something for him back there on the dance floor. Out here in the fresh air, though, the moment had passed and she didn’t feel it so much. She liked Adam, she really did – but that was as far as it went – that kiss on the dance floor though... It had been magical.
He stared back into her eyes. His vivid pale blue eyes wide with wonder. “I think I love you, Leona.” He said.
Leona beamed at him. Even though she didn’t feel ready to say it back – because she really didn’t think that it was right to say she felt something that she didn’t, it was still nice to hear it. Adam didn’t seem in the slightest perturbed she hadn’t said it back.
“Let’s go back to the dance.” He stood up and took her hand.
Leona nodded and they made their way slowly back down the drive to join the rest of the kids back in the dance.


Chapter 16 – How do I explain that?

Franklin sat staring at his mother. “What?”
She looked at him exasperated. “Has it never occurred to you that we live in a pretty obscure place, Franklin? Have you never thought that your friends were all a little odd?”
It really hadn’t. Franklin thought everyone at school was pretty cool. Especially Janey.
And now she was going to be totally freaked that he was a werewolf and was about to start turning into a total freak before her eyes a week on Tuesday. He had to tell her. He had to give her the chance to escape before he bit her and killed her.
“Mum, I really can’t deal with this right now.”
“You have to deal with this right now, Franklin. It’s important.”
“Mum. I don’t want to talk about it.” He turned away from her and started down the hall to the stairs.
“Fine. Don’t.” His mother called after him.
Franklin went to his room and lay on his bed. What was he going to do? How was he going to tell her?
He needn’t have worried. Janey was at home at that precise moment, wondering how she was going to tell him that he was going to change into a werewolf on Tuesday next week, since she had seen it coming.
She went round the next day.
“Hey Frank.”
“Hi.” He looked at her glumly.
“What’s up?”
“I can’t see you anymore.” It was as brutal as it was abrupt. He looked up at Janey, wondering how upset she would be. She wasn’t. Well isn’t that great? I tell her I’m finishing with her and she isn’t even bothered...
“Is this about next Tuesday?” Janey looked him squarely in the eye.
Franklin blanched. “What do you know about next Tuesday?”
“It’s a full moon, it will be the first full moon after your sixteenth birthday and you are due to make your first full change to a wolf on that night – do you think it’s really wise to do that alone – or would you like a friend to watch your back?”
He looked at her in amazement for a moment before his eyes clouded and he said. “You can’t be there.” He had no idea how or why she knew, but it didn’t make any difference. He was dangerous and she couldn’t be there.
“Yes, I can.” She replied firmly.
“NO!” Franklin wheeled around faster than lightning. “I don’t want you there!”
“Okay, fine. But believe me Franklin, you’re not the only one with problems around here – I’m a witch with psychic powers – how else would I know you’re about to change into a wolf? Leona’s a shape-shifter and she’s in love with a vampire. It’s not all about you, you know!”
Franklin’s mouth dropped open. “Why are we all weirdos?”
“Because of the hell hole this place is built on. It’s the energy centre for all dark magic and we’re drawn to it because of what we are.” Janey explained.
“How do you know all this?” Franklin looked at her dumbfounded.
“Duh! Because I’m a witch!” Janey almost shouted. Honestly, sometimes he was so thick! “I didn’t ask to be a witch. I don’t particularly enjoy being a witch, but I am what I am – and you’re what you are – so deal with it Franklin because I like you just the way you are and I want to be with you – even if you are a wolf from time to time.
“Every twenty eight days, Janey.” He groaned, turning his big brown eyes on her, fear of the unknown written all over his face.
“So every twenty eight days you turn into a monster – big fat hairy deal!” She took his hand in hers and smiled. “– Hell, I’ve been doing that since I was thirteen!” She nudged him, trying to break his mood.
Franklin grinned in spite of himself. Janey was so lovely. “Okay, you’ve convinced me that it may not be so bad. But I mean it – you can’t be there.” He said firmly. “What if I’m dangerous? What if I decide you look like dinner?”
“This is not the movies, Franklin – this is real life. I don’t believe you will. I think you will be you just in canine form.” She gazed at him steadfastly.
“Still, I’d rather you weren’t there.” Franklin said again.
“We’ll see.” Janey said. Franklin frowned.


Chapter 17 – Adam’s plan…

“I need to talk to you.”
Adam’s mother looked up from the book she was reading and smiled. “What about?”
“Blood protection.”
“Blood protection? What’s that?”
“You mean you don’t know?” Adam looked at his mother, disappointment etched in his face.
“No, I’m sorry Adam, I’ve never heard of it.”
“Well that’s just great.” Adam threw his hands up in frustration.
Jonah was passing the room on his way out. He came silently into the room. “What are you guys talking about?” He asked.
“Nothing.” Adam said shortly. He pushed past his brother in the doorway, who watched him go with a puzzled expression.
Adam went to his room and sat on his bed. He went through the events of the other night. His feelings for Leona were all over the place – he’d been shocked at the intensity of his feelings for her on the dance floor – to the point that he’d had to leave. He’d tapped into Jonah’s mind to make sure he wasn’t anything to do with it.
Jonah had promised him that he was nothing to do with it, but he’d sounded cagey to Adam and so he couldn’t be sure if he was telling the truth.
Adam really liked Leona and he certainly didn’t want to be a danger to her. He didn’t feel as though he would ever hurt her – but he didn’t want to take any chances, particularly since he seemed to really be in love with her.
He was also very aware that he and his family were a very real danger to her. Being the impulsive person he was, he made a snap decision. He was going to ask Janey for help...

*

“What’s eating him?” Jonah asked his mother.
She shrugged. “I don’t know – something and nothing I guess – you know what Adam’s like – he’s probably fallen out with Naomi or whatever her name is.”
“Leona.” Jonah automatically corrected her. His mother gave him a quizzical look.
He ignored it. “Did he say something about blood protection?”
“What? Oh, yeah – something like that – I’ve no idea what he was going on about. He was all annoyed about something anyway.” She turned her attention back to her book.
Jonah had heard more than he was letting on. Adam hadn’t been annoyed until his mother had said she knew nothing about blood protection. It was something that Leona had asked him about on the night of the Prom too. He wondered if it was significant. Maybe I’ll look it up on the internet. He mused and leaving his mother to read her book, he abandoned his plans to go out and instead turned back towards the stairs.


Chapter 18 – Four corner lightning strike…

“Can I come in?” Adam was stood on Janey’s doorstep, smiling charmingly at her. She glanced nervously at the threshold. She knew better than to invite in a vampire. Still, Adam was second generation so maybe it wouldn’t be so bad...
She stood aside and smiled. “Sure, Adam. Come on in. Wanna drink?”
“Sure, anything.” Adam stood nervously in the kitchen, watching Janey move around the room fetching cups out of the cupboard and putting on the kettle. She flitted around very quickly. It almost made him dizzy, as he watched her movements. It was like watching a butterfly move. She was so tiny and elf-like.
Janey made him a drink and got one for herself. “What’s the matter, Adam?” She might look delicate and elfin but he couldn’t help noticing that looks were definitely deceiving. She was straight to the point and seemed to look right into his soul when she looked him in the eye.
He almost forgot what he had come for as he stared back. Her eyes were somewhere between blue and purple. It was an intriguing colour.
She cleared her throat and raised one eyebrow quizzically, making him suddenly remember.
“I, um – I need your help. I’ve been reading about Soul Cleansing and I need a witch to cast the spell. How good are you at casting?”
Janey’s expression changed to one of shock. “You’re not serious?”
“I am deadly serious.” Adam fixed her with a penetrative stare. She shivered involuntarily; his eyes had a strange effect on her.
“I’ll need help, Adam. I’m not a fully matured witch and I’m only a half-breed.”
He smiled at her. “Yeah. I know that. But Leona is in constant danger with me the way I am, and you’re still my best hope.”
Janey considered his words. He was right of course. “What about your brothers? Aren’t they a danger to her too?”
“Not as much as I am.”
“Are you quite sure about that?” Janey was reading his mind and he didn’t seem absolutely certain. He seemed worried about one of them. “Does Jonah have any interest in Leona?”
“Wow, you’re good.” Adam gave her an admiring look.
Janey blushed at the compliment but shrugged. “Sure, I’m great at mind reading – spell casting is a totally different matter, though Adam.” She said frowning. “But this can’t be a good idea. If you do this cleanse – yeah, you’ll no longer be a danger – but what about him?”
“He’ll have to leave town.” Adam shrugged. “I refuse to be a danger to my girlfriend.” He leaned across the table conspiratorially and looked her straight in the eye again. “I think I love her, Janey...”
Janey found herself drowning in his eyes as he spoke. Part of her suddenly wanted nothing more than for him to feel that way about her, but that was ridiculous – she loved Franklin. She blinked a couple of times and tried to concentrate on what he was saying. “... I want to be with her always. I couldn’t live with myself if I was the reason for anything happening to her.”
Janey sighed and found that she had to look away from him. Those eyes were beginning to freak her out a bit. “I understand that. Adam – really I do. I’m just concerned about your family...”
“Don’t be. I can handle them. Like I said – if they have to leave town, they’ll go. We’re used to moving around.” He leaned back in his seat, looking totally confident in what he was saying.
Although she didn’t really want to have eye contact with Adam again, she could feel his disturbingly blue eyes boring into her. She nodded resolutely. “I’ll consult with the coven.” She promised. “I’ll let you know at school during the week.”
“Thanks Janey. I owe you one.” He stood up and squeezed her shoulder.
“Yeah, too right you do.” She agreed, trying to ignore the tingling feeling his touch left on her skin.
Adam disappeared into the darkness. Janey closed the door after him, a feeling of foreboding threatening to engulf her.
Something about this whole situation seemed wrong to her. Adam’s feelings of mistrust against his brother Jonah worried her more than anything. If he didn’t trust his brother around Leona – what did that mean for her safety? Particularly if she was to take away any protection he may have in place for her?
And what about Adam’s well-being? What was it going to do to him? He might not be able to live with himself if anything happened to Leona – but could she live with herself if her spell did something to hurt him?
Still, she’d promised and a witch never goes back on her word...

*

“The four corner lightning strike?” Janey looked at Chastity aghast. That had to be the most complicated spell a young witch could possibly try to cast.
“It’s the only thing that will ensure he becomes a ‘shadow human’.” Chastity explained.
“A shadow human? What will that do to him?”
“He won’t need blood anymore.” She shrugged. “He won’t have the strength he had either – hey, you’re doing what you’ve been asked to do – it’s not our problem if he makes himself vulnerable.”
Janey frowned. This sounded downright dangerous for Adam. Leona would never forgive her if she damaged her boyfriend. And she knew that she would never forgive herself. Adam was a nice guy – far too good-looking for his own good and disturbing to be around too, but when she wasn’t battling with her confused feelings whenever he was around, she had to admit that he was simply a very nice guy. What was she supposed to do?
She decided to ask Franklin what he thought.
“You’re going to cast a spell that needs a lightning strike to the guy’s heart and you’re asking me if I think it’s a good idea?”
“When you put it like that, I realise it sounds like madness.”
“Madness doesn’t start to cover it Janey. I don’t think you should get involved in this.”
Janey rubbed her neck – something she always did when she got nervous and unsure of herself.
“I already am involved in this, though, Franklin – I promised to help Adam.”
“I do get that, Janey.” Franklin found himself getting annoyed. “But he doesn’t know what you have to do, does he?”
Janey gasped. “Are you suggesting that I do the spell wrong and trick him?”
Franklin looked at the floor. “I don’t know. I wasn’t really trying to suggest that, no.” He muttered.
“It won’t just be me there – the full coven will gather.”
Franklin nodded. “Fine – when will it be?”
“The first available date is the 27th of May.”
“But Janey...” Franklin stared at her wide-eyed.
Janey clapped her hand over her mouth and stared back at him. “I’m so sorry, Franklin. I forgot the date...”
Franklin snorted in disgust. “Well, that’d be right!” He made for the door.
Janey grabbed for his arm but merely grasped his sleeve. He tugged away and disappeared through the door.
Janey had only a second or two to decide what she was going to do.
She bolted out of the door at the speed of light and ran after Franklin.
“Franklin!” She shouted as she spied him at the bottom of the hill. “FRANK-LIN!”
He seemed to slow down a little but he didn’t stop. Swearing softly to herself, Janey ran faster after him. She caught up with him just as he got to the main road towards his own home.
“What’s wrong with you?” She demanded crossly as she finally fell into step beside him.
Franklin stopped short and stood glowering at her. She could imagine what he would look like as a wolf and a shiver went down her spine.
“I’m going to change on that date and you said you would stay with me.” He looked hurt and scared. Janey didn’t think it was the time to point out that he’d as good as forbidden her to be there.
“I will be there for you.” She promised. “We can re-schedule Adam’s spell.”
Franklin stared at her, searching her face for something that she wasn’t altogether sure he would find. Apparently he found it anyway.
“Thanks, Janey. I’m sorry I got so agitated. I don’t seem able to control my emotions at the moment.”
Janey relaxed. “That’s okay, Frank. I understand and I’m really sorry that I hadn’t remembered the date.”
Franklin grinned. “What a mardy git!”
Janey grinned back at him. “Well, you’re my mardy git!”
They both laughed. Franklin gathered her into his arms. She sighed as she leaned against his solid chest. “I love you.” She murmured.
Franklin stiffened. Janey held her breath. Oh My God, you used the L word! She mentally kicked herself.
Franklin held her away from him momentarily. “Really?” He asked; a look of wonder on his face. Janey nodded, unable to speak.
“I love you too, Janey.” He said fervently. “I really do.” He hugged her to him again and kissed her with a passion that took her breath away.
“Wow.” She grinned as they broke apart.
“Wow’s right!” He grinned back. “I’ll walk you home.”


Chapter 19 – Jonah’s anger…

Jonah was watching Leona and Adam from the cover of the trees near her home. He had decided that it was totally wrong to keep sharing Adam’s thoughts, but staying away from Leona was another matter entirely and now he felt like a peeping Tom.
He scowled as Adam gathered Leona into his arms and kissed her.
His hands balled up into fists and he felt his temperature go up in direct relationship with his anger.
Wherever they seemed to settle, the girls always seemed to like Adam the best. He wasn’t usually jealous of his brother – he found it rather amusing most of the time.
But not this time – why did he have to fall in love with her of all people? The one girl ever he had found so damned irresistible?
Her scent was overwhelming; all sweet and delicious. It was ridiculous – how was Adam doing it? Being able to ignore it like this?
Jonah was angry with himself for his own weakness toward her; all he wanted to do was run over there and grab her and kiss her himself. He realised that he didn’t wish to bite her either – maybe this blood protection thing she’d mentioned to Adam the other night really did work... He’d not been able to find much out so far on the internet about it, but maybe he had not been looking under the right headings. If blood protection was not a well-known term, which it certainly appeared not to be, he was going to have to look at alternative ways to track it down. He decided it was time to step up his research.
He gazed at them locked in their embrace in amazement. Adam could have killed her in an instant and yet there he was kissing her with a passion that was impossible to feel... unless of course he really did believe he was in love with her...
Jonah turned away. If Adam really was in love with her, he was just going to have to ignore his own feelings. It simply wasn’t fair. Adam got there first.
He would find a girl one day, one hopefully that he didn’t want to kill as much as he wanted to kiss and he knew he would feel as protective of her as Adam clearly did of Leona...
Jonah left as silently as he had arrived and made a decision to leave town as soon as he could, at least for a while – preferably before he broke Adam’s heart or murdered Leona...


Chapter 20 – Janey’s confusion…

Adam arrived at school early the next day. He looked around and easily spotted Janey sat cross-legged on top of one of the tables in the cafeteria.
Their school did a breakfast club and it would seem that Janey took advantage of this. She was tucking into a bacon roll.
Adam’s mouth watered. He loved bacon. He sauntered over.
“I’m ready for you to cast the spell, Janey. What date is good for you?”
Janey looked at Adam worriedly, trying not to look directly into his eyes. She found a spot in the middle of his forehead that she could look at and make it appear that she was actually looking at him. “Adam – I’m not sure you listened to me when you asked me to do this – I really am only a juvenile half-breed witch – this spell is likely to be beyond my capabilities and it requires the full coven – are you absolutely sure you want to go through with this?” She quickly looked away and picked at a bit of bacon.
Adam rolled his eyes. “Absolutely certain, yes. I need to be risk free around Leona.”
Janey sighed. “I don’t think you would ever hurt her.” She said keeping her eyes on her bacon roll.
“Me either, but I don’t want to take any chances.”
She looked up just in time to see his smile and for a moment she could see what Leona seemed to be missing. She didn’t think it would be at all difficult to fall in love with him. He really was a nice guy – a little impulsive maybe...
“And the rest of your family have all agreed to leave?”
“Well no, not exactly, but I’m working on it.” Adam gave her a charming grin. Janey found herself smiling back, even though she was beginning to feel ever so slightly exasperated.
“Okay. Let me consult the coven and I’ll let you know – I was thinking about the 27th of the month – would that be good for you?”
Adam shrugged nonchalantly. “Any day is good for me, only please don’t tell Leona about this – I don’t want to alarm her unnecessarily.”
Janey stared at Adam. Was this guy for real? What if she killed him by accident?
“You have to tell her – or I won’t do it.” She folded her arms and looked at him stubbornly.
Adam frowned, but eventually, when he could see that his frown was having no effect on Janey whatsoever (in fact her glower was far more impressive that his ever could be) he nodded. “You’re right – I’ll tell her then.” He promised. Janey smiled.
Eyeing her half-finished bacon roll, and not one to pass up an opportunity for a free meal, he asked. “Aren’t you going to finish that?”
She wrinkled her nose as she looked at it. “Nah – it’s too fatty.”
Adam wasted no time in picking it up off her plate before she could change her mind. He flashed her one of his most charming smiles and wandered off with her half-eaten roll.
She grinned as she watched him go. “Cheek!” She shouted after him. He put a hand up to acknowledge that he’d heard her and carried on walking.
She watched him walking away. It didn’t escape her notice that his jeans fit his bum just perfectly – and even though she could no longer see his fabulous silver-blue eyes, she acknowledged that his hoody matched them perfectly.
Still, she shook her head and turned away, as gorgeous as he may be, he was her best friend’s boyfriend and she had a boyfriend of her own thank you very much. She bit her lip wondering if he really would tell Leona his plans, as he had promised. It didn’t take her long to decide whether she trusted him enough for that or not.
“I’m not taking any chances waiting for you to tell her buddy,” she muttered under her breath as he disappeared around the corner, “I’d rather be sure. I’ll tell her myself.”
She texted Leona a few minutes later, asking her to call. Leona immediately called her back.
Janey explained about Adam’s request. Leona was horrified.
“What on Earth is he thinking of?”
“I don’t know – he seems hell bent on being less of a danger to you. I’ve told him it’s stupid.”
Leona nodded. She’d noticed how impulsive he was and she didn’t think she would be able to talk him out of his idea either, but she was willing to give it a go...

*

“Adam, I really don’t want you to do this – it really isn’t a good idea – there has to be another way.”
“There isn’t,” He insisted. “– I asked my mother about blood protection and she’s never heard of it.”
Leona frowned. That didn’t really surprise her. It fit with what she had read. What she didn’t understand was why they didn’t know about it – or maybe secretly they actually did but didn’t want to recognise it as a weakness?
“Please reconsider, Adam.”
Adam didn’t answer her. Leona frowned. She had a horrible feeling his mind was set.


Chapter 21 – The Spell…

Janey was sat on the end of Franklin’s bed.
“Frank – I really think we should be heading for the woods.”
“There in a minute.” He called from the bathroom.” His voice sounded hoarse, as if he was having difficulty with his vocal chords.
“Are you okay? You sound kinda funny.”
“Fine, fine.” He called. Janey frowned. It wasn’t dark yet, being the end of May the nights were drawn out almost as far as they were going to get and it had been a really nice day too, so it would stay reasonably light until much later.
It would be better to get there early though, still in his human form, rather than being forced to skulk in shadows all the way there with a wolf in tow.
Frank – can you get yourself out of that bathroom and let’s go.” She was beginning to feel edgy.
“Will you look away, please Janey?”
Janey froze. Was he changing already? “I’m looking out of the window Frank.” She shouted back to him.
He opened the bathroom door. “I’ve been trying to do something with my hair, but it still looks stupid.” He complained hoarsely.
Janey whirled around. She stared at him. His hair was falling into his face. He was also looking like he badly needed a shave.
“Oh my God – we really need to get moving Frank – you’re obviously starting to change!”
“Yeah, I think we’ve got some time yet – I haven’t started growing a snout yet!” he grinned at her.
Janey smiled back at him. “I’m really proud of the way you’re handling all this, Franklin.”
“Well, I’ve had a couple of weeks to get used to the idea and it’s kinda cool really, isn’t it?”
Janey nodded. “You’re the coolest guy I know.” She agreed.
He stepped forward and gave her a brief hug. “I won’t get too close to you.” He said. “I kind of reek.”
Janey had noticed. She tried not to wrinkle her nose. “Yeah, well. It kind of goes with the territory, I guess, doesn’t it?”
They set off together into the woods.
“Please keep a safe distance away from me Janey.” Franklin asked. His voice was barely above a whisper now. “I’m sure I won’t want to hurt you, but we don’t really know, do we?” He was eyeing her with concern.
“I promise I’ll stay far enough out of the way so you won’t hurt me while you’re changing – but I’ll be close enough if you need me.” She replied firmly. He needed to know that she wasn’t afraid of him and also to know that he wasn’t alone in his new situation.
Franklin nodded. “I’ll be back later.”
Janey settled herself under a tree and waited. Franklin crashed through the undergrowth and disappeared from her view.
Moments later she could hear panting and looked up surprised. A huge brown wolf was standing across the clearing from her. He looked as if he were grinning at her.
“Franklin?” She asked, incredulously.
The wolf approached her slowly with his head down. He stopped right in front of her and she looked into his eyes. They were the exact colour of Franklin’s. “It is you, isn’t it?” She said, reaching out a hand and stroking his soft head.
The wolf whined and licked her hand.
“Wow. You’re still a great looking guy.” She joked.
The wolf made a sound that could only be described as a deep chuckle.
Janey checked her watch. “Well, I’ve got to go and meet the coven in an hour. What d’ya wanna do?”
Franklin curled up at her feet. 
“Needing a rest?” She asked.
He yawned widely, showing off his enormous canine teeth.
“That’s fine by me. She snuggled close to him and leaned against his warm furry body. In truth, he still didn’t smell great, but it wasn’t as bad now he was covered in all this fur. “Hey Franklin – what happened to your clothes?”
The wolf grunted. She took that to mean that they were somewhere in the forest ripped to shreds.
“Wow – we’ll have to get you home before you change back!”
They sat there together for the next hour. Franklin put his head on his paws and slept while Janey sat and fretted about what she had to do next. She fervently hoped that she did the spell correctly. She didn’t want to think of the consequences if she got it wrong.
An image of Adam’s smiling face swam before her eyes and she squeezed her eyes shut trying to block it out. She couldn’t bear it if she hurt him – or worse. Leona would never forgive her – but more to the point, she would never forgive herself.
Franklin stirred in his sleep and stretched. He gave another enormous yawn and Janey patted him. “Come on, Frank – time to go and meet the others. Will you stay close?”
He nuzzled her hand with his nose.
“I take it that’s a yes.” She said. This is so weird – I feel like I’m talking to my dog.
Franklin padded at her side and they made their way to the clearing where she had agreed to meet with the rest of the coven.

*

“Okay, everyone, gather around.” Janey called to the coven nervously. She was relieved to see them all there. She’d had more than one nightmare in the last week about them not turning up.
Chastity smiled at her encouragingly, making her feel a little more confident.
“The spell we are attempting tonight is the four corner spell.”
There were murmurs all around. Janey had a good idea why – no one had attempted this spell in years and certainly no one as young and inexperienced as she was. The fact that she was a half-breed seemed to be causing most of the murmurings. Janey grimaced inwardly.
“I get it that you all think I won’t be able to pull this off,” She said, gazing around at the rest of the witches; some she knew well and others she didn’t know at all “– and I have explained at length to Adam that I’m unlikely to be able to cast this spell successfully.” She resisted the temptation to roll her eyes with exasperation. “But his love life is at stake and he really wants us to do it.”
More murmurs and nods all round.
Janey cleared her throat nervously and took a deep breath.
“Lightning will strike here at midnight.” She checked her watch and glanced at the sky doubtfully. It was as clear as could be and the full moon was shining brightly.
“Adam,” She looked at him. He looked back at her with a nervous smile. “You must be lying on the ground to give the lightning the best possible striking surface,”
He nodded. She turned her attention to the coven, “and we must all be holding hands in a circle around him.”
“Should I get down now then?” Adam stepped forward and touched Janey’s arm. “It is only about two minutes to.”
“Yes – yes you should.” She nodded to him nervously, trying not to take too much notice of the tingling feeling on her arm where his hand had moments ago been.
Adam lay down on the ground and all of the witches gathered around. They took each other’s hands.
Janey stood at the head of the circle and closed her eyes. She was praying that it would work for him.
She started murmuring the spell under her breath.
“Louder, Janey.” Hissed Chastity.
Janey raised her voice and spoke the words clearly.
“North, South, East, West,
Lightning strike tonight.
Earth, Wind, Fire and Air
Lightning strike tonight...”

The rest of the coven started to murmur their words and the chanting got louder and louder.
Leaves started to swirl on the ground around Adam.
Hearing the wind whipping through the trees, Janey opened an eye and looked nervously towards the wood. She had no idea how the elements were going to react to the spell; all she knew without any doubt was that it was a completely clear night and there was absolutely no sign of thunder clouds at the moment. So where was the lightning going to appear from?
The trees started to bend in the wind that had seemingly appeared from nowhere and was now howling around. Janey pulled her thin cardigan around her shoulders and glanced up at the sky. With a start she realised that storm clouds had gathered and were racing across the sky, joining up and swirling around. She clamped her eyes shut and continued to chant the spell.
A low rumble of thunder overhead startled her and she opened both eyes and stared up in amazement. Dark clouds had completely filled the sky in the short time she had been reciting the spell and now the lightning she had doubted before was quite apparent. It was as if an invisible entity was searching the clouds with a powerful torch.
The town hall clock struck midnight in the distance and at that precise moment there was an overwhelmingly loud crack overhead.
Lightning forked from above them and with a terrible crackling sound, it hit Adam squarely in the chest. Sparks flew and Adam lit up momentarily, his body jerked on the floor and then he lay limply.
The coven looked at each other warily. Had it worked?
Janey broke hands with Chastity and Crystal, who she had been stood between. She crouched next to Adam and felt for a pulse in his neck. She realised that she was holding her breath when she finally found it and let it all out with relief. She looked up at the others. “Well, he’s alive.” She said with a small smile.
Chastity touched her shoulder. “His eyelids are flickering, Janey – I think he’s coming round.”
Adam opened his eyes; his gaze met with Janey’s and he smiled weakly but delightedly at her.
“I’m still here then!” He croaked.
“Yeah – I don’t know if we cured your blood hunger though.”
“Not feeling it right now – in fact I can’t even smell it.” He leaned towards Janey as if he was checking.
She backed up slightly. “Well I’m very pleased for you.” She couldn’t deny that she found him a little too attractive knowing that he was her best friend’s boyfriend, but Adam still creeped her out a bit.
“I’ll go and tell Leona the good news.” Adam got to his feet unsteadily. Janey caught his arm.
“For goodness sake, Adam you can’t go anywhere right now, you’re still in shock – sit a while.” Janey pulled him towards a fallen tree which made a good bench and sat him down on it.
Adam did as he was told. He looked really pale and Janey was concerned.
Chastity and the others started to disperse.
“Thanks guys.” Adam called after them.
“So, when you’re feeling ready to move, Franklin and I will walk you back.”
Where is Franklin?” Adam looked around for him.
Janey smiled as she glanced towards the woods. “He’s waiting in there – we thought he might freak them all out.”
Adam looked at Janey with a puzzled expression. Janey sighed and rolled her eyes – for a bunch of super-naturals, these folks were really slow on the uptake.
“Frank!” she called towards the trees.
Franklin appeared almost immediately. Adam turned and did a double take. He wasn’t expecting to see him in his wolf form.
“Frank changed for the first time earlier – it’s been a busy old night!” Janey explained, smiling warmly towards Frank.
The wolf seemed to grin.
“Hey, Frank.” Adam called weakly. “Fancy giving me a ride home?”
Franklin padded over and dropped his head into Janey’s lap, his big golden brown eyes gazing up at her lovingly.
She stroked his head. “Would you mind giving him a ride – he looks close to collapsing to me.”
Franklin licked her nose. “I take it that’s a yes.” She chuckled.
Adam climbed onto Franklin’s back. Franklin started to trot along and Janey walked at the side of them shooting concerned glances at Adam every few steps.
“I’m fine, Janey.” Adam grumbled as if he knew she was watching him.
Janey wasn’t entirely convinced but felt she should let it go before she annoyed him.
She and Franklin hung back in the shadows where they dropped him off near to Leona’s house.
Leona was waiting on her doorstep anxiously. She ran towards Adam as soon as he appeared at the gate.
“Are you okay Adam.” She asked in alarm as she took in his appearance. He was ghostly pale.
“I’m fine.” He smiled at her. “Just a bit worn out, that’s all.”
“Come on in – I’ve bought you some iron tablets and you can have a warm drink before you go home too.” Leona disappeared back into the house.
Adam nodded. Before he followed her in, he turned to Janey who had left Franklin skulking in the shadows. “Thanks for everything Janey. I really do owe you one.” He grasped her hand, shocking her with how icy cold it felt.
He turned back towards Leona’s door and disappeared into the house behind her.
Janey watched him go worriedly. Something wasn’t right. She was totally aware of his touch now. It made her skin tingle, which she had been trying her best to ignore up to now. But she had to acknowledge that his icy touch just now hadn’t given her any sort of tingling feeling at all – she could only assume from that, that Adam wasn’t well.
Franklin appeared at her side and bumped his nose against her leg and growled.
“Alright, I’m coming.” She said and placing her hand on his neck she walked home with him.


Chapter 22 – Shadow Human…

Leona placed an iron tablet on the table in front of Adam with a glass of water.
He took it with a swig of the water.
She looked at him in concern, “Are you alright, Adam? You look a little green around the gills.”
“I think so.” Adam opened his eyes. They looked paler than ever in his white face.
“You look terrible.” Leona said worriedly. “I think you should stay here tonight. I don’t think you’ll make it home.”
Adam nodded. “Fine, I’ll sleep down here on the floor.”
Leona fetched him a quilt and a pillow and brought them down the stairs. “Here you are... oh.” Adam had fallen asleep at the table.
She shook his shoulder gently. “Adam. You’ll be more comfortable on the sofa.”
Adam opened his eyes just long enough to move to the sofa and lay down.
“Thanks Leona.” He murmured. “Love you.”
“Yeah, you too.” She said, stroking his hair away from his forehead. He felt clammy. Leona didn’t like to leave him, but she knew her mother would be annoyed if she stayed down the stairs all night with him.
She made her way to bed.
The next morning Leona woke early. She ran down the stairs and was relieved to find Adam sat up on the sofa looking a little better. “How are you feeling?”
“A little more human.” He replied with a twinkle in his eye.
Leona laughed. “Well that makes at least one of us, I guess!”
Adam grinned showing even white teeth. Leona grinned back at him. She felt very relieved that he appeared to be so much better than he was the night before. He had looked absolutely terrible.
“Fancy some breakfast?”
He shook his head, “I’m really not very hungry, Leona,” he said standing up and yawning widely, “– and I’d better make tracks home – Mum won’t be happy that I stayed out all night with no explanation – particularly since Jonah disappeared the other night.”
This was unwelcome news to Leona. She frowned. “Really? Does he do that a lot?” She asked before she could stop herself.
Adam glanced up at her curiously, “Um, dunno really – I don’t think so, no.”
“Right, right.” Leona said, trying not to appear too interested in his brother. But her mind was working overtime – does he visit some girl? She gave herself a mental shake. It was none of her business what he did! “Do you want to call your mother and let her know where you are?”
“Nah,” he grinned, “– I’m a big boy now – I’m sure she’ll forgive me anyway. I’m her favourite!”
Leona laughed. “Well, that goes without saying!” She said and leaned in to kiss his cheek.
Adam wrapped his arms around her and kissed her on the lips. Leona didn’t really know what to do – it suddenly felt all wrong kissing Adam. She wanted to kiss someone else...
She pulled away from him gently after a moment and was surprised that he seemed to stumble. She looked at him in alarm. “Hey – you’re not going to walk – my Dad can drive you home.”
“I’m fine, Leona. Please stop fussing.” He yawned widely again and headed for the door.
But Leona was worried and she dashed up the stairs to ask her dad if he would run Adam home.
“Sure, just give me ten minutes.” Her dad yawned and stretched.
She dashed back downstairs to tell him but he’d already gone...

*

Leona didn’t see or hear from Adam again all weekend. She left him a couple of texts but he didn’t reply. She was beginning to feel really panicky when she finally received a reply.
“Hey babe – see you tomorrow at school. Feeling much better. Adam xx”
Leona heaved a sigh of relief. She was looking forward to seeing him tomorrow, just to satisfy herself that he really was better.


Chapter 23 – Discomfort…

Leona arrived early for school. She had quite a lot of homework that she simply hadn’t been able to settle to over the weekend and was using her free time to catch up on at least her first lesson’s work that had to be handed in.
She had just booted up one of the computers in the computer room when a movement behind her made her jump. She turned. Jonah was stood in the doorway. The look on his face told her that he was not comfortable to have found her there.
“Oh, sorry.” He mumbled and turned to leave.
“Jonah – wait.” Leona pushed her chair out and stood up. She blushed. She’d never spoken to him before and he was looking at her, waiting for her to speak.
“It’s about Adam.” She blurted out, not really knowing where to start.
He rolled his eyes. “Look Leona – I don’t know what went on between you and Adam over the weekend, and I don’t want to know – I don’t wish to get involved so please don’t ask me any questions about him, or expect me to pass on any messages.”
Leona stared at him. She had never heard him speak before and his deep voice was almost hypnotic. She shook her head slightly before feeling coherent enough to string a sentence together that would make any sense at all.
“I was just going to ask you if Adam had arrived at school already.”
Jonah looked mildly surprised. “Oh – no, he isn’t coming today; I guess he wasn’t feeling it this morning.”
“What – again?” Leona felt her cheeks warming. Jonah clearly had no idea what Adam had elected to do over the weekend and it obviously hadn’t done him any good at all.
“Again?” Jonah narrowed his eyes at her. “What are you talking about Leona – what do you know?”
She looked at the floor, feeling suddenly very uncomfortable under his penetrating gaze. “Um, nothing. You should talk to your brother.”
“I’m asking you.” He pressed.
Leona sighed and looked up at him again. His eyes were boring into hers. Trying her best to keep her voice even, even though she was trembling on the inside from a mixture of fear and excitement at being this close to him, she said. “He went to the coven. He asked to have his blood cleansed.”
“What?” Jonah stared at her in horror. “For you?”
Leona cringed at the inflection in his tone – he obviously didn’t think she was worth all the effort and she felt stupid to be experiencing all of these ridiculous feelings for the guy when his feelings for her were clear to see on his face – he despised her.
“I didn’t ask him to,” She cried defensively, “I didn’t want him to do it!”
“I’ll just bet you didn’t,” He sneered, “What do you think this will do to him?”
Leona stared at him. He was being so unfair, “I don’t know. I wanted him to find out about blood protection. I never wanted this!”
Jonah narrowed his eyes. “Blood protection?” he asked, “What are you talking about?”
“I’m not sure I want you to know.” Leona flushed red. His gaze seemed to look right into her soul.
Jonah looked at her and sighed. He knew he was behaving very unfairly, “Look, Leona – I realise I have made a very bad impression on you with the way I reacted when we first met.”
“We hadn’t actually met, Jonah,” She couldn’t resist pointing out; as intimidating as his presence was, she wasn’t going to let him get away with that. “You just instantly hated me on sight.”
“Whatever,” muttered Jonah, his cheeks reddening, “But really – you can trust me.” He looked her in the eye, doing strange things to her stomach as she stared back at him. “I promise you I would never do anything to hurt my brother.”
Leona sighed. She would rather that he would do nothing to hurt her but that wasn’t really the issue. She had to make a decision to trust him.
“Alright, I’ll tell you. I’ve been reading about blood protection. Apparently when he let me go as a child he left a trace of protection on me that would make it impossible for him to wish to hurt me again. It is possible that it also ensures that you or your brother or any other vampire for that matter has to leave me be whilst ever that protection is in place. I believe in it – but Adam wasn’t convinced about it and now he’s gone and been cleansed and I don’t know what’s going to happen to him now.”
She turned anguished eyes up to Jonah. He was staring back at her with an expression that was at once fascinated and horrified. Where on Earth had she found all that out? He’d been trawling the internet for the past week and had come up with virtually nothing. “We need to talk to him,” he said firmly.
Leona nodded. “I think we do – would it be really wrong to skip school and go now?”
“It is kind of an emergency.” Jonah conceded giving her a small smile that made her knees feel weak. “I’ll come with you, if you like.”
Leona smiled back and nodded. “Thanks.”
They made their way back to the school gates. “Seems weird to be leaving already.” Jonah muttered as they passed their schoolmates going the other way.
“I know.” Leona suddenly felt awful for dragging him away from his studies. He was doing his A Levels and it was getting towards his final exams for the first year, “I’m sorry if you’re missing something important, but I really think we should check on your brother.”
“And what do you suggest we do about it if he really is ill?”
Tears stung Leona’s eyes. “I don’t know.” She whispered.
Jonah put a tentative hand out and then seemed to change his mind and put it back down by his side. Leona glanced at him curiously.
He held his hands up in surrender to her, “Hey, I’m sorry if I come across as rude and abrupt,” he said with a huge sigh, “– I just don’t know how to be around you.” He looked at her sheepishly.
Leona shrugged, “Just be yourself,” she said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
Jonah eyed her with amusement, “That’s not the best idea really, Leona – my natural instinct after all, is to bite you, suck all your blood out and leave you to rot.” He said drily.
Leona shivered involuntarily, “Rude and abrupt is just fine and dandy.” She muttered.
Jonah grinned in spite of himself. Leona had a sense of humour. He could totally see how Adam had fallen for her.
They arrived at his home. Jonah unlocked the door.
“So you do lock up then?” Leona said without thinking. She didn’t know why she was surprised – she just was.
He eyed her in amusement, “Well now, it wouldn’t do for the good folks of Fernley to fall into the coffins.” Jonah joked.
“Ha ha!” Leona replied sarcastically.
He grinned at her, looking as if he wanted to laugh, “Leona – we may be vampires but just like regular humans – we don’t much like being robbed either. We have a lot of nice things – living forever kind of does that – we have many antiques and the like.” He screwed up his nose as if he didn’t really like them.
Leona saw his look of distaste, “I take it you’re not into them?”
“I like being normal,” He shrugged, “Being second generation makes us feel a little more like regular folk, but still – we’d rather be human.”
She nodded, “Yes, I guess I can understand that – is it okay for me to go up and see Adam?” She indicated towards the stairs.
Jonah nodded, “Sure – go ahead – third door on the left.”
Leona hesitated. Jonah looked at her curiously. “Everything alright?”
She turned back towards him, “You said something about living forever – will you, Adam and Oscar live forever then?”
Jonah shrugged, “I’m not sure – we’re still growing up of course – like the blood protection thing, there are myths and legends and then some things actually happen to be factual.”
“You mean you knew about the blood protection?”
He looked at her, his pale eyes boring into hers, “Adam mentioned it to my mother – I was curious and I decided to try to find out more about it – I didn’t find out much, but I’m willing to believe it’s true, yes.”
Leona looked at him hopefully. She nodded. “I’d like to think that you’re more human than vampire.” She murmured before making her way up the stairs. Jonah watched her go, wondering what she had meant by that. He sighed; she’d probably been referring to Adam anyway. He went to sit in the lounge to wait for her.


Chapter 24 – Dying to be normal…

“Adam?” She pushed open the door to his room.
“Leona?” He sounded awful. His voice was barely an audible whisper.
She peered into the gloom of his room. His curtains were heavy and dark and very effectively blocked out the light from outside. She could just make him out in the bed.
“Adam – I really think you should see a doctor.” She said, making her way across the room and sitting on the edge of his bed.
He snorted, “Oh yeah – like that’s possible when you’re a vampire.” He sounded irritable.
She shrugged helplessly, “Well, what happened when you were little and got your childhood illnesses? Surely then you had to see one?”
Adam laughed humourlessly. “Leona – vampires don’t get sick.”
“What? Not ever?” She asked incredulously.
He shook his head, “Nope.”
“But you’re sick now.” She insisted. She was met with stony silence. “Adam?” she ventured.
Almost as if he knew what she was going to say, Adam answered her, “I can’t see one of your doctors – what could they do for me?”
She let out a sigh of despair, “I don’t know but I really think you need to see someone.”
Adam sighed and shook his head, “I just need to re-adjust.”
Leona looked at him angrily, “You need to eat, Adam – what have you eaten since Janey cast her spell?”
He looked up at her sheepishly, “Um, nothing...”
She stared at him in horror, her eyes had adjusted to the darkness of the room and it was quite easy to see him now. He didn’t look good... “That’s ridiculous!” she exclaimed, “– it’s been days – come on! You have to eat something.”
“But I don’t want to eat anything, Leona – I have absolutely no appetite at all.” Adam looked at her imploringly.
“Well you have to at least drink something – I’ll go and get you something – what do you normally drink?”
“Blood.” He grinned.
Leona shivered. Still ask a vampire a silly question and all that... “I’ll get you some water.” She said, wondering if he’d been joking.
Leona left his bedroom and made her way back down the stairs. The sun was streaming through the landing window and Leona found herself wondering how they were able to go out in the sun.
“Another myth.” Came a deep voice from the bottom of the stairs, making her jump violently.
“Oh, Jonah – sorry you scared me!” she laughed nervously.
Jonah smiled. “Sorry – I just saw you frowning at the window and I guessed that you were wondering just how we were able to go outside.”
Leona nodded, smiling shyly at him, “I was thinking that. So that one’s a myth then? You really don’t have to stay indoors on sunny days?”
“Nope.” He gave her a real smile then, “Although, my mother does get sun burnt very easily, so there may be something in it.”
Leona regarded him with barely concealed interest. He really was perfectly reasonable and quite human when he wasn’t giving her murderous stares. “I um – I came down to get Adam a glass of water.”
“Water?” Jonah looked at her aghast.
“Or anything else you have to hand that he would prefer to drink.” Leona shrugged exasperatedly.
Jonah gave her a guarded look and then said. “Fine – we have some cranberry juice in the fridge – that’s his favourite drink.”
Leona nodded, smiling with relief that he really had been joking about the blood, “Fine – I’ll take him some of that.”
“Here – he might want these too.”
Leona looked down at her hand. Jonah had pressed something into it. Iron tablets. She glanced up at Jonah. He really did care about his brother, no matter what he thought about his choice of girlfriend. “Thank you, Jonah.” She said, trying to swallow the lump that had formed in her throat.
Jonah shrugged and immediately turned away from her as if he couldn’t bear for her to see this softer side of his nature. “We need to get back to school Leona,” He said gruffly “– we’ll be missed and they’ll start coming to all sorts of conclusions – none of them good.”
“I’ll be a couple of minutes, tops.” She dashed up the stairs, Jonah watched as she disappeared.
“Here, Adam – please drink this and take two of these.”
Adam opened his eyes and smiled weakly. “Cranberry juice! My favourite – it looks like blood, see!”
Leona laughed. She leaned over and kissed him lightly on the forehead. He was still clammy. Biting her lip she gazed at him for a moment. “I really need to get back to school – but I’ll be back as soon as it finishes.”
Adam nodded. Having taken the two iron tablets she had given him and finishing the glass of juice, he looked a little better. “See you later, babe.”
Leona, her heart a little lighter, flew back down the stairs to where Jonah was waiting and they made their way back to school – in silence – but with a little less hostility than on the way home.


Chapter 25 – Better… or maybe not

Leona was relieved and delighted to see Adam waiting for her at the school gates. She ran across to him and almost knocked him flying with her enthusiasm. “You’re all better!” She cried happily.
“Well, I think so,” Adam smiled, “I’m feeling okay at the moment anyway.”
Jonah seemed to appear from nowhere. “Adam.” He called.
Adam froze and turned. “Hey Jonah – what’s up?”
“Leona told me what you did.”
Adam spun around and stared at Leona in horror. She bit her lip and looked at the floor. “Why?” He asked.
She turned tortured eyes upon him. “I was really worried about you and Jonah was the only one available to let me in to see you. I had to tell him.”
Adam seemed to calm down a little. “Okay, I’m sorry. He rubbed his temples. “I’ve got a terrible headache and it’s making me grumpy!” He smiled sheepishly at her.
“You shouldn’t have come out if you weren’t feeling right.” Leona admonished.
“I’m fine.” Adam grumbled. “Come on.” He turned away from the gates, effectively turning his back on his brother and therefore blocking him from any further conversation. Jonah grabbed his shoulder. “Hey!” Adam turned as fast as lightning to face him, his face showing his annoyance.
“Adam – have you any idea what you’ve done?”
Adam frowned. Jonah looked genuinely worried. He sighed. “What are you talking about?”
“I’ve been reading up on this blood protection thing that Leona mentioned this morning.”
“And?” he looked at his brother with impatience.
“And she’s protected for as long as the vampire who let her go is alive and well.”
Adam lost the little colour he had in his face. “You’re kidding me, right?” He whispered.
“No, I’m not – I’m leaving for London this afternoon, Adam – I’m going to find out as much as I can about this protection thing, just to be absolutely certain, but really – you shouldn’t have done what you did.”
“Well, that’s as maybe but it’s too late now,” He shrugged, then seeing how worried his brother looked he added, “Hey, Jonah – thanks man.” Adam clapped his brother on the back.
“You’re welcome.” Jonah mumbled. His eyes met Leona’s briefly and he gave her a small smile, “See you, Leona – look after him.”
Leona smiled back, her heart spiked as their eyes met, “I will.”
Adam took her hand and squeezed it. “I’ll walk you home.”
Leona smiled up at him. “That would be great.”
They walked hand in hand. It wasn’t really all that far from school to Leona’s house, but by the time they had got there Adam was looking exhausted again.
Leona was beside herself with worry, “Adam, you really need some medical help. Isn’t there some kind of vampire doctor you can go to?”
Adam smiled at her and shook his head, “I thought I’d already told you – vampire’s don’t get sick.”
Leona bit her lip. Then a thought struck her, “Well, since you’ve been changed from a vampire by that spell – maybe you can go to a regular doctor now?”
Adam raised an eyebrow. “I guess I could – but there are some things that can’t be changed no matter what and I think at the very least, I’d freak them out.”
Leona gave up. It was futile talking to him about it. She just hoped that he would get better and soon.
She pushed the container of iron tablets towards him with a glass of water.
He rolled his eyes but obediently took one. “I’m getting sick of popping pills every five minutes.” He grumbled.
Leona grinned in spite of herself. “I’m sure you are but I want you to be okay and if it’s iron you’re lacking, then they’ll make you better again.”
“I guess,” he sighed.
“So shall we just hang out and watch a movie then?”
Adam grinned. “What sort of movie did you have in mind?”
“Whatever you want.” Shrugged Leona.
Adam busied himself finding a decent movie to watch as Leona prepared some snacks.
They sat together on the sofa and began to watch the movie. After a few minutes Leona felt Adam leaning heavily against her. She turned her head to find that he was fast asleep beside her and had shifted towards her in his sleep.
She stroked his hair away from his face and shifted slightly so that he was leaning in a more comfortable position.
She sighed. This was ridiculous. He could only stay awake for half an hour at a time, “We really need to consult the coven again – we have to get you changed back,” She murmured. Adam didn’t even stir.


Chapter 26 – Jonah’s research…

Jonah entered the large library. He couldn’t really imagine that the book he was looking for would have the information he wanted. However he was willing to give it a try – he hoped it would still be here. It was, after all, his only chance to find out the truth about blood protection.
He walked up the desk. A middle-aged woman with a kindly face looked down at him and smiled welcomingly. “Hello young man – what can I do for you?”
He smiled at her, hoping he wasn’t giving off his usual vibe of menace, “I’m after a book for a school project.”
She smiled back – clearly unaffected by him, “You mean the great World Wide Web can’t help you?”
“Not this time.” Jonah grinned, relaxing now that the woman had shown no repulsion towards him, “This time I need the real old thing!”
“Goodness, how exciting,” She said, her smile widening, “What book is it that you want?”
Jonah looked at her a little helplessly, “Well, it’s really old – I did find it on the internet, but it apparently only has a few issues left and one of them is supposed to be here.”
The lady raised her eyebrows. She remembered a young woman who looked around the same age looking for a really old book just a couple of weeks ago. She wondered if it could be same one. “It wouldn’t be by Brian B. Dudley would it?” She asked.
Jonah looked stunned at the woman’s intuition. “Yes!” He said. “How on Earth did you guess that?”
She looked very pleased with herself, “Just by the description – a young lady was after the very same book just a couple of weeks ago.”
“Weird.” Jonah muttered wondering if it could have been Leona.
“Yes, indeed,” The lady agreed, “But it makes finding it for you so much easier of course – follow me.”
Jonah followed her through the long labyrinth of aisles. The place was huge.
She turned off just before the last aisle and walked to the end of the row. On the bottom shelf, right in the centre, there it was; quite possibly the most unremarkable looking black leather bound book, with faded gold lettering.
“Unsolved mysteries” by Brian B. Dudley.
“I hope you solve your mystery!” She said, her eyes twinkling as she passed him the heavy book.
“Yeah – me too.” He smiled back at her.
“There are tables just around the end of the aisle,” She called back to him quietly, “I’m sorry that you can’t take it out of the library – these old books are only for reference these days.”
Jonah nodded. “It’s fine. I’ll just have a good look while I’m here.”
He had nothing else to do with his time. He’d tapped into his brother’s mind a couple of times already this morning, but he’d obviously been sleeping both times. Jonah was very worried about Adam – he was sleeping far more than was normal. He knew he had to get back as soon as he could, but this was important too. He opened the book to the contents page and started to read – fast.
At last he found the paragraph that seemed to lift the fog,
“... Vampires who resist the temptation of killing their prey, by default, allow them protection from themselves and other vampires. The term for this is blood protection. It is believed that this protection is not widely known in the vampire community...”
“Huh! You’re not kidding,” murmured Jonah and read on.
“... and as vampire’s are not usually known for their mercy; there are few examples. It cannot therefore be assumed to be a reliable fact. Most scientists dismiss the theory completely as there is so little proof of its existence...”
Okay – fair enough, Jonah looked up and gazed out of the high window, lost in thought. He had to admit, it was kind of unusual to let go of your prey – but to have unknowingly given protection; protection that was still in existence. Well that surely was highly unlikely, wasn’t it? He sighed and went back to the text – there was plenty more to read.
“... It is believed that the connection forged from this unusual occurrence, is down to fate. The potential prey and vampire are destined to meet and the vampire is destined to save the individual’s life. Whether it is called Fate, Destiny or something else – it is believed to exist. Some romantically call the prey and vampire “Soul-Mates” as they are destined to meet and remain connected by the blood protection for all eternity...”
Wow, thought Jonah – destined to meet and remain connected for all eternity? This was heavy stuff.
He frowned. He wondered if Leona knew this too. He wondered with a deepening frown if she considered herself and Adam soul-mates...
He scanned the rest of the page. There was nothing else of interest that caught his keen eye. He got up and placed the book back on the shelf. He made his way slowly back down the aisle towards the desk.
The woman looked up and smiled as she caught his eye. “Did you find what you were looking for?”
“Oh, yes thanks – I did.” Jonah forced a smile and added silently. I found her a long time ago...


Chapter 27 – Juice and Janey…

Leona entered the juice bar and looked around for Janey. She was early so she wasn’t surprised that Janey wasn’t there.
She sat down and looked at the drinks menu. Choosing the mango and raspberry smoothy, in the hope that it wasn’t quite as sharp as the blackcurrant one, she waited.
Adam had been ill all week. He hadn’t made it into school once since the day Jonah had left. She’d called him every day and had been around to his house once after school.
 He hadn’t been thrilled at her turning up either. She knew why – he was afraid that the rest of his family could hurt her – and she had deliberated about it for a long time before she had decided to go.
He had made her promise not to come again while he wasn’t well, which she had agreed to, even though she wasn’t particularly happy about it.
Leona wondered why his mother hadn’t noticed that he was ill. She was frowning as she considered it when Janey turned up.
“Hey, Leona – what’s up?”
Leona looked up at her friend. “Hi, Janey. It’s Adam – he seems to be getting worse instead of better.”
Janey’s face drained of colour. “Oh, God.” She sank down into the chair opposite Leona. “Why? What’s happening to him?”
“He can hardly get out of bed in the morning – he hasn’t been in school all week and he can’t stay awake long enough to ask me how my day went!”
“I don’t know what to suggest.” Janey said, wringing her hands.
“Hey – none of this is your fault.” Leona put out a hand and gave Janey’s arm a squeeze. “He asked for your help and you helped. You only did what he asked you to do.”
Janey nodded. “I know, but I can’t help feeling responsible.”
“Have you any idea why he’s so weak?”
Janey shook her head miserably. “No – there simply isn’t enough information about shadow humans.”
“Shadow humans?” Leona wasn’t familiar with the term.
“I’ll have to consult with the coven again.” Janey jumped up. “Maybe we can find a way to reverse the effects...”
Leona watched her go in surprise. She hadn’t even ordered a juice. Janey had seemed as worried about Adam as she was. Still, she reasoned, she was the one who had cast the spell in the first place...
Getting up, Leona asked if she could take the juice she had ordered out instead and walked home slowly sipping her smoothy, her mind full of Adam and shadow humans... and Jonah.


Chapter 28 – 999…

She got home and found to her surprise that Adam had made his way to her house.
He was sat on the doorstep looking incredibly pale and thinner than usual when she arrived.
She hurried up the drive and let them in. “Go and sit down on the sofa and I’ll bring the drinks through in a minute.” She said.
Adam nodded and made his way through.
She busied herself putting on the kettle. She had done a double take when she’d spotted him on the doorstep. With his hair looking less tidy than usual, she had thought it was Jonah and her heart had leapt. Realising that she had been really pleased to see him, she immediately felt guilty that she’d felt a stab of disappointment when it had turned out to be Adam. 
Hearing his footsteps, Leona arranged her face into a smile.
Adam swayed slightly and leaned heavily against the door frame. “I really do love you, Leona – maybe not the same way Jonah does... I’m sorry I’ve made such a mess of everything, I...” Adam didn’t finish his sentence, his eyes rolled in his head and he collapsed against the wall and sank down onto the ground.
“Adam!” screamed Leona. “Adam, what’s the matter with you? Can you hear me, Adam?” Leona patted his face. He didn’t open his eyes and his breathing was very shallow.
Leona had absolutely no idea if second generation vampires were covered by the NHS but now was not the time to ponder it. Pulling out her mobile phone she dialled 999...
It seemed to take an age for the paramedics to arrive. Leona had tried to resuscitate Adam, but she wasn’t very successful. In the end she had just sat with him, holding his hand. She could see a pulse going in his neck and he was still breathing, although it had slowed down and she was really beginning to panic now.
Finally, the ambulance arrived and the paramedics started work on Adam.
The paramedic looked up at Leona, “Does he take any medication?”
“I don’t know – he’s been taking iron supplements.” Leona offered, feeling completely useless. The paramedic just looked at her and asked his next question.
“Does he take any recreational drugs? Has he been drinking alcohol?”
“I don’t know – I don’t think so.” Leona wailed, wringing her hands. She hoped they didn’t ask what else he might have drunk recently – she didn’t think they would like the answers.
The paramedics couldn’t find what was wrong with him and the decision was made to take him into hospital.
As she was the only person available to go with him, Leona climbed in the back of the ambulance and strapped herself into the seat. She leaned forward and took his hand. She figured that if it was her lying there, she would want to know that someone was holding her hand.
They explained that they were going to get him admitted and would try to contact his next of kin.
Leona nodded her understanding and made her way nervously to the waiting room where she waited uncomfortably for what felt like hours. She didn’t know whether or not to try calling his mother. She didn’t know Jonah’s number and she couldn’t help wondering if she actually had the nerve to call him even if she did. 
In the end she decided that she really should talk to Adam first, assuming of course that he regained consciousness...
“Miss Larson?”
Leona jumped and looked up. The nurse was looking at her with a grave expression.
“Yes?” she replied, a feeling of dread coursing through her.
She looked at her, her expression remaining as grave as ever, “The young man that you came in with?”
“Yes.” Come on, her mind screamed, get to the point!
“I’m sorry but we really need to contact his next of kin – we haven’t been able to contact them on the number you gave us earlier – do you have any other numbers?”
Leona stared at her for a moment, “Oh. No I’m so sorry, I don’t – I’ve only been dating him a couple of weeks and I don’t have the numbers of any of his family – I just have Adam’s mobile phone number and the home number – he is going to be alright, isn’t he?”
The nurse looked at her, her expression cracking and showing a little more humanity. She shook her head sadly. “I’m really sorry but we haven’t been able to find what is wrong with him – if we don’t work it out soon, we might struggle to save him.”
Leona felt the floor shifting beneath her feet. Not able to save him? How could that be? “How long has he got?” she asked in horror.
The nurse seemed to realise that she’d made things sound absolutely hopeless, “Well, obviously he’s in no immediate danger – but we could really do with speaking to his parents to see if he has any underlying condition. It’s difficult to say – he is severely dehydrated and all of his major organs are showing signs of failing – we have him on life support... we just can’t find out what it is that’s wrong.”
Leona nearly told them everything – but then she checked herself – they would never understand. She kept her mouth shut, but she was horrified – on life support? That really was serious. “I’m going to have to go home now so that my parents don’t worry – I’ll drop in at his house and let his mother know on my way.”
“We’ll continue to try calling anyway – but thank you.”
Leona walked out of the hospital in a daze. She went straight to Adam’s home. A large expensive looking car was in the driveway. She swallowed nervously. It was all very well feeling all brave at the hospital and making the decision to drop in – now she was here it was a very different story – it was after all a house full of vampires...
She took a deep breath and forced herself to walk up the driveway. She rang the doorbell.
After what felt like an age the door opened. Leona found herself staring into a pair of violet eyes that were exactly the same shape as Oscar’s. Funny – she didn’t look all that much like Jonah or Adam, but she had to accept that even though she didn’t look much like them, this was obviously their mother. It was even stranger that she didn’t look much older than either of them.
“Hello?” The woman frowned.
“Um, hi. I’m Leona Larson – I’m friends with Adam.”
The woman took a step back. She seemed to be struggling to concentrate on what Leona was saying.
“Adam, you say – I’m sorry he isn’t here.” She went to close the door.
Leona put her arm out and stopped the door from closing.
“Please, Mrs Byrnes, Adam is in real trouble – he’s in the hospital and he has total organ failure – I’m afraid he’s going to die and I need your help!”
Mrs Byrnes looked at Leona in horror. “You mean it’s you?”
“I beg your pardon?” Stammered Leona.
“You are the reason Adam’s life had been turned upside down? You are the reason Jonah has left?”
“I – I...” Leona didn’t know what to say – of course the obvious answer would be ‘yes’ but Mrs Byrnes was looking at her angrily and Leona was beginning to feel completely out of her depth.
Just as she was beginning to work out an escape plan, Mrs Byrnes sighed and gave Leona an understanding smile, “I’m sorry dear. I realise I’m being unreasonable. Adam believes himself in love with you – of course he was going to try to protect you – and I see why he was so concerned – you are a compelling creature.”
Leona swallowed nervously and took an involuntary step backwards.
“You have nothing to fear from me, dear – I’m not thirsty and I have a rule of not eating where I live – it really isn’t polite to kill off the neighbours,” She gave a tinkling laugh, “and we can stay longer in the same place before we have to move on that way.”
Leona shivered, but nodded. It may be macabre, but it made sense.
“Now, will you please tell me what he did exactly and then we can set about putting things right.”
“But the Doctors are saying he has total organ failure.”
Mrs Byrnes waved her hand dismissively. “If they checked me out in a hospital, they would say the same thing – we’re just not the same on the inside as regular human beings.”
Leona took a deep breath – how was she going to explain what her son had done?
“Mrs Byrnes – I don’t think you understand – Adam went to the coven and asked them to make him human.”
Mrs Byrnes paled to the point of looking almost transparent. “He did what?” She whispered.
Now I’m in trouble. Thought Leona. She took another step backwards as Mrs Byrnes advanced a step.
“He went...”
“Oh, I heard you dear. But why would Adam think he needed to do that?” she seemed completely baffled.
Leona faltered, “Because he didn’t trust the blood protection theory...”
Mrs Byrnes stared at Leona. “What is this blood protection you kids keep harping on about?” she asked incredulously, “– first Adam, then Jonah and now you?”
Leona sighed, resisting the temptation to roll her eyes in frustration. Surely if two of her sons had brought up the subject, she might have considered it worth investigating herself?
She explained everything about it that she thought would be relevant. 
Mrs Byrnes nodded slowly when she finished. “I totally understand the theory what I don’t understand is why Adam felt the need to...”
A deep hypnotic voice behind her made Leona almost jump out of her skin.
“I believe he thought he was protecting her against the rest of the family.”
Leona turned and her eyes met with a pale green pair. What the hell was Jonah doing back in the neighbourhood? “You said you were leaving.” She muttered, giving him an accusing look.
Jonah fixed her with a penetrating stare. “I did, but I had to come back when I felt my brother slipping away.”
Leona gave him a quizzical look.
Jonah sighed and seemed to struggle with himself before answering her. “Adam and I share a gift,” He explained, “We can communicate with our minds.”
Leona’s jaw dropped, “You can communicate…?” A sudden thought occurred to her, too embarrassing to even contemplate, “You mean you can eavesdrop on his conversations and... things?” Her face reddened as shame began to envelope her.
Jonah grinned at her, obviously sensing her discomfort at this little nugget of unwelcome information, “I do try my best not to intrude on his more personal moments – but yes, essentially I can – if I choose to. I choose not to though, Leona.”
Leona breathed a sigh of relief. 
Mrs Byrnes watched the exchange between her eldest son and the mysterious young woman with interest.
Jonah, she knew, was the most predatory of her three sons. He hunted more than the other two and he had expressed an interest in Leona – and yet here he was having a perfectly civilized conversation with her.
It dawned on her that this blood protection was very much in place – or was there another reason? Maybe he was the one in love with her... she was brought out of her reverie by Leona’s voice.
“So you came back. What do you think you can do to save him?”
Jonah looked at her, his pale eyes fixed on hers, “The same as you – I think our only hope is the coven.”
Leona stared back at him in shock – Adam wasn’t even awake when she’d said that... She was going to have to watch what she said around Adam if Jonah was going to be listening in. There was something else she had to know. She didn’t wish to discuss it in front of his mother, however.
Mrs Byrnes drifted back inside the house, “Would you like to come in dear – I can make you a drink if you like.” She called over her shoulder.
Leona wondered if it was really wise, but with Jonah there she felt safe. It was odd – he was the most intimidating person she had ever met in her life, but the feeling of safety she felt in his presence was overwhelming.
She nodded and Mrs Byrnes seemed to melt into the shadows of the doorway. Leona turned to Jonah.
He smiled at her and bowed slightly. “After you.” He said.
Leona hesitated, not wishing to ask what she wanted to know in front of his mother, “Jonah – can I ask you something?”
His eyes narrowed slightly but he nodded. “What’s up?”
“This mind sharing business – can you feel how he’s feeling? See what he’s seeing – that sort of thing?”
Jonah took a deep breath. “Do you want me to tell the absolute truth?”
“Well, yeah of course.” Leona stared at him, a blush creeping up her face.
Jonah averted his gaze to the surrounding trees. “If I wanted to know exactly what he was doing or taste the food he was eating or...” He cast around for another example, “... smell what he’d found – for instance, when we’re hunting – then I could.” He lowered his eyes to meet hers again.
Leona was frowning at him. “That wasn’t really...”
He sighed. “I know what you were getting at – you wanted to know if I knew what it was like to kiss you and to hold you in my arms.” Jonah’s voice had deepened and his eyes were smouldering. Leona found her heartbeat quickening. She swallowed nervously.
“Um, well I guess – yeah.” She was turning crimson, her heart in her mouth; she realised with a shock that she was hoping...
He stared at her for a moment and then as if he’d made a decision he shook his head. “As much as I would love to know those things, Leona – I respect my brother’s privacy and I understand that he believes himself to be in love with you – in all fairness he met you first. If he hadn’t; believe me – you wouldn’t be in this mess now – I would have believed you in an instant about the blood protection.”
Leona, recovering herself from the disappointment she felt at his words, narrowed her eyes. She had picked up on something that both Mrs Byrnes and Jonah had said – Adam believed himself to be in love with her – what was that all about?
Leona opened her mouth to ask him what he meant but Jonah put his hand up. “Let’s just get him back to normal and then I really will get out of your hair and find a girl of my own.” He smiled sheepishly at her.
Leona sighed. How was she supposed to tell him that she didn’t want him to find another girl? That as far as she was concerned he needn’t look any further than the girl standing right in front of him? She wasn’t in the slightest bit comfortable about Jonah leaving town because of her. But he was waiting for her to agree, and he obviously thought she felt about his brother what she was beginning to suspect she actually felt for him and so she forced herself to give him a grin and said, “It’s a deal.”
Jonah ushered her into his house. His mother had disappeared completely.
“She doesn’t feel comfortable around humans.” Jonah explained as she poured them both a drink. It’s your scent, it makes her thirsty.”
Leona swallowed nervously, “Okay.”
Seeing the look on her face, Jonah grinned sheepishly, “Hey, I’m sorry – I’m actually making things worse by telling you that, aren’t I?”
“A little, yeah.” She smiled.
“I’m sorry.” He smiled back at her. “Shall we go and find your friend once we’ve finished these then?”
Leona nodded and drained her glass. She stood up.
“Ready?” Jonah asked.
“Ready.” She said.
They set off to find Janey. She wasn’t home but they caught up with her over at Franklin’s house.
Franklin was even more apprehensive of allowing Jonah inside the house than Janey had been with Adam. “I’m sorry, Jonah, man – but you can’t come in here.”
Leona opened her mouth indignantly to argue, but Jonah stopped her. He shook his head in acceptance. “Hey, don’t worry – it’s cool, Leona – I don’t have to go inside.”
“But...”
He looked directly into her eyes, turning her legs to jelly. “Listen – I’m not bothered. I just need to talk to Janey for a moment – outside is good for me.” He glanced towards Franklin. “And you can come too Franklin – I’m after a favour – if it can be done.”
Janey glanced at Leona’s worried face and followed Jonah outside.
Franklin looked at Leona. “What’s going on?”
Turning to her best friend’s boyfriend Leona poured her heart out, “Adam’s in the hospital on life support. They don’t know what’s wrong with him and I get the impression they don’t hold out much hope.”
“Oh, my God.” Franklin looked at her aghast.
She nodded miserably. “Yeah, it’s really bad – we need to see if Janey can reverse the spell.”
Franklin’s jaw dropped, “Is that possible?” he asked, glancing towards Janey over Leona’s head, a worried look on his face.
“I don’t know,” Leona’s voice cracked. She felt so responsible for it all.
Franklin put his arm around her shoulder. “Let’s go and see then, eh?”
Leona sniffed and nodded. They found Janey deep in conversation with Jonah a few feet away from the front door.
Janey looked worried and was wringing her hands again. Leona felt sorry for her. It wasn’t like she’d done anything wrong – the spell had worked like a dream – only Adam hadn’t realised that being a shadow human was a death sentence...
“I’ll consult with the coven elders straight away, Jonah.” She promised. “I’ll meet you somewhere later to let you know what they decide – where will you be?”
“We’ll be at my house, Janey.” Leona said firmly.
Jonah whipped his head around and looked at Leona. He seemed to be about to argue, but then he just sighed and nodded.
Things were beginning to get complicated for Jonah. He was really enjoying spending time in Leona’s company, but the circumstances were all wrong. He didn’t like the fact that he was taking advantage of his brother being incapacitated to get to know Leona better. He was terribly worried about Adam too – he knew Janey was doing the best she could do and he was willing to meet her later on – it was waiting it out at Leona’s house that was the problem.
He glanced back towards Leona and their eyes met. He had no idea why she was so comfortable having him round at her house, but at the same time, he was curious and he knew he wouldn’t argue to change the location, even though he felt it would be wiser to do so.
Every fibre of his being wanted nothing more than to walk over to where she was standing, and wrap his arms around her and to tell her that everything was going to be alright. He simply didn’t trust himself to keep his own emotions in check, however, so he remained where he was.

*

It was an uncomfortable evening for both of them. After Janey and Franklin left to meet the coven elders, they walked the short distance from Franklin’s home to Leona’s.
Her parents weren’t home, having gone over to her Aunt’s for dinner. She wasn’t expecting them home until tomorrow afternoon at the earliest. This news was even more unwelcome to Jonah, who had no idea they would be alone together for hours.
Leona fished her key out of her handbag and opened the front door. She had already invited Adam in, so inviting in Jonah didn’t occur to her to be of any more of a danger. Jonah felt she should know before he stepped over the threshold though. He paused outside.
Leona turned in surprise that he hadn’t followed her into the house.
Jonah watched her from the other side of the threshold, trying to gauge her reaction as he spoke. “Once I’m invited in, I can come in whenever I choose to.”
Leona raised her eyebrows in alarm, “What?” she asked, her voice going up with surprise.
Jonah nodded. It was nice to see that she did at least have some sort of self-preservation instinct. It hadn’t been particularly obvious up to now. “Yes,” he said, “regardless of whether you have invited me in or not. It’s part of our unique brand of magic – once a vampire has been invited in, there’s no going back.”
Leona studied his face for a moment. He kept telling her all this stuff – warning her about his danger – and yet she didn’t feel in any danger when she was with him at all. “I’ll take my chances.” She said lightly. “You’re not going to hurt me.”
Jonah took a deep breath and nodded, “I like your confidence in my self-control – I hope it’s justified.” He gave her a small smile.
“Me too.” Leona said and flashed him a grin. Jonah sighed and then pulled out a chair and sat down on the other side of the table from her.
They stayed there pretty much for the rest of the night. Jonah told her all about his childhood. She could see that Adam meant a great deal to him, as did Oscar.
“You really love your brothers, don’t you?”
Jonah looked at her in surprise. “Of course I do – just because we’re vampires doesn’t mean we don’t love – you should already know that with the way Adam feels about you.”
She nodded. “Of course,” she murmured, but then remembering his earlier comment she decided to find out what he’d mean. “I don’t mean any offence, Jonah – but what did you mean earlier about him ‘believing’ himself in love with me?”
Jonah looked uncomfortable. “I uh, I didn’t mean anything by it – it was just a figure of speech.” He shrugged and smiled at her, but his smile didn’t make it all the way up to his eyes though. 
Leona narrowed her eyes. She wasn’t convinced. “Does he fall in love a lot?” She asked.
Jonah reddened. “You’re very perceptive tonight, Leona.” He said.
She raised her eyebrows at him, “Tonight? I think I’m usually pretty perceptive.” Jonah shrugged but made no further comment. Leona wanted to know more about Adam. “So you think this is just a passing phase of Adam’s – his feelings for me?”
Jonah rubbed his neck uncomfortably. Her line of questioning was beginning to bother him. “I never said that and I certainly didn’t mean to give you that impression.” He frowned at her.
Leona decided to believe him and she let it go, much to Jonah’s relief.
“So once he’s cured – will you leave again?” Leona asked; her eyes on his face.
“I don’t know really,” He seemed to be searching her face for something and then he sighed and shrugged. “I guess so, but not too far away – I still need to check in on him from time to time – the boy’s a loose cannon – heaven only knows what he’ll do next.” He gave her a small grin.
Leona smiled back at him. “Yeah – I get that impression.” She gazed at Jonah for a moment longer than was strictly polite. He stared back at her. “I hope you find what you’re looking for, Jonah.” She said quietly.
He laughed humourlessly and muttered under his breath. She couldn’t be certain, but she could have sworn he’d said. “I already did.”


Chapter 29 – Reversing the spell…

At around nine o’clock, Janey knocked on Leona’s door. She had consulted with the coven again and she was worried.
“Hey, Janey – come on in.”
She walked in and shivered as her eyes met with Jonah’s. They were such a pale green they were almost transparent, but so like Adam’s it was eerie.
He nodded to her, his face showing the worry he was feeling for his brother.
“It’s not great news I’m afraid,” Janey looked at Leona as she spoke; she found that she simply couldn’t meet Jonah’s eyes again. He totally freaked her out with those pale green eyes and they were far too much like Adam’s only without the warmth.
“Apparently, the only spell we can attempt to reverse the effects, is the same one that we performed to start the process – the four corner spell.”
Jonah frowned. “You mean another lightning strike?”
Janey’s gaze flickered in Jonah’s direction. “Well, it’s slightly more complicated than the first – it has to be a direct strike to the heart.”
Jonah shot to his feet. “No!”
Leona stared at him. “What is it Jonah?”
He whipped around and stared at her, “We can’t do that to him – it could kill him, Leona!”
Leona’s eyes filled with tears as she stared into Jonah’s grief filled ones “But what’s the alternative? He’s going to die anyway if we don’t do anything...” She turned to her friend. “Please Janey, I don’t think we have any other choice – you have to do it!”
Janey glanced towards Jonah, looking for his approval. He gave a short nod, sat down again and put his head in his hands.
Janey crossed the room and squeezed Leona’s hand.
“We’ll do our very best to save him – the elders are confident that we can do this.” She glanced back towards Jonah who hadn’t moved an inch. “Look after him, Leona – he needs you more than Adam does right now.”
She left, leaving Leona wondering what the hell she meant.


Chapter 30 – Sparks…

“He will be alright, won’t he Jonah?”
Jonah lifted his head and his eyes, bright with unshed tears met with Leona’s. “I hope so, Leona.” He said hoarsely, blinking rapidly to clear his vision.
Leona reached across the table and put her hand on his. The surge of energy that crackled between them was like an electric shock. Leona snatched her hand back and stared at him.
Jonah looked at her warily.
“Did you feel that?” Leona asked.
“What?” Jonah looked away from her. He clearly didn’t want her to read his expression.
Leona scrambled out of her seat and darted around the table. She stood right in front of him. “Jonah.” She said.
Jonah reluctantly looked up; his eyes met with hers, making her legs feel like jelly. “What?” he said in his deep voice.
Leona tried to make her legs wobble a little less as she gazed back at him. He was intimidating, there was no doubt about that – but she found that despite that, she simply wasn’t afraid of him anymore.
“I asked you if you felt what I felt.” She said with a boldness that she wasn’t really feeling.
He sighed. “Of course I did.” He said quietly.
“What was it?” She probed.
Jonah looked up at her, his expression was torn. He looked like he wanted to speak, but thought he shouldn’t. He finally answered her with a question. “Haven’t you ever felt that with Adam?”
Leona stared at him. The truth was, yes – she had, but only the once – at the dance.
“Yes.” She replied honestly.
Jonah looked as though he was holding his breath. “When?” He asked.
Leona suddenly thought about his shared gift and a possibility dawned on her. She had the most uncomfortable feeling that he knew exactly when it was. Her heart started thumping loudly in her chest. “It was at the Prom.” She stared at him, willing him to admit what she was thinking.
Jonah’s pale green eyes seemed to glow in the growing darkness. Leona shivered involuntarily.
“And did it bother you?” He asked, his eyes boring into hers intently.
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Leona’s breathing seemed to be coming in short gasps.
His eyes never left hers, “The energy – did it bother you?”
“I guess it kind of did – but not in a bad way – it was Adam that freaked out, not me.” She said slowly, unable to take her eyes off his, “But now I don’t know how I’m supposed to feel about it – I’m totally confused right now.” She was blushing to the roots of her hair.
Jonah sighed and looked at his hands, “I’m sorry Leona,” He said, “I’m not being fair to you – I’m doing exactly what I always promised myself I wouldn’t do.”
Leona had momentarily forgotten that Adam even existed. Nothing seemed to exist except her and Jonah. What was it about these guys that had this effect on her? “And what’s that?”
He looked up at her again, “I’m coveting Adam’s girlfriend.” He grinned sheepishly.
Leona tried to ignore the feeling of excitement that was coursing through her. She had to know if what she suspected (and secretly hoped) was true. Was it Adam she’d been kissing at the dance? Or Jonah?
“Can I ask you something?” She asked breathlessly.
Jonah nodded slowly, his eyes wary.
“Were you, er, maybe wondering what Adam was doing at the Prom?”
It was Jonah’s turn to blush, “I guess I was a little curious for a moment, yeah.” He said cagily.
“So, when Adam and I were on the dance floor, was it you that I was kissing – or him?”
Jonah stared at her for a moment. An inner battle seemed to be raging behind his eyes. He didn’t answer. Instead, he got up and walked abruptly away from the table, towards the door.
Leona darted after him. She didn’t want him to leave now. She caught his sleeve. “Jonah?”
He turned and the look of anguish on his beautiful face shocked her. “I really shouldn’t be here with you, Leona.” He said; his voice cracking.
“But what if I wanted you to be? What if I asked you to stay?” She whispered.
“Why would you do that?” Jonah whispered, staring at her.
She took a deep breath and began, “Because the blood protection should have ceased when Adam was cleansed but I’ve never felt safer than I do when I’m with you... but mostly because I have never wanted to kiss anyone as much as I want to kiss you right now...” She held her breath. What had made her admit that? To him?
She never finished her sentence. With a strangled cry Jonah grabbed her and pulled her to him. As his lips met hers, she knew he was the one she was supposed to be with.
Adam had been a nice distraction from the dangerous older brother that had seemed to despise her, but his kiss told another story altogether. Her arms had somehow wrapped themselves around his neck and his arms were firmly wrapped around her too. He was kissing her as if it was all he wanted and she was kissing him right back. It was amazing – it was perfect.
Jonah finally released her, “I’m so sorry,” He gasped backing up against the sink, his hands gripping the worktop. “I’m really sorry, Leona – that was totally out of line.” He looked absolutely mortified with himself.
The truth was that it had been totally thrilling, but seeing the look on his face, Leona suddenly felt completely out of her depth just being with him and found herself mumbling an incoherent reply.
Jonah sighed. He looked up at the clock. “It’s nearly eleven – Janey will be back any second.”


Chapter 31 – Saving Adam…

Right on cue, Janey knocked on the door.
“Are we ready to break into the hospital and get your brother?”
Jonah pushed away from the sink where he was still stood. His arms were folded in a desperate attempt to keep his emotions in check and to stop himself from reaching out and gathering Leona back to him.
Leona was trying her best not to look at him. She didn’t want him or Janey to guess what she had finally come to realise – that she wasn’t in love with Adam at all – it was Jonah she loved and that terrified her more than anything else in the world.
Jonah followed Janey outside and Leona followed them both after locking up the house behind her.
Jonah walked closely beside her and their hands touched a couple of times. The energy she had felt earlier was still there. Feeling slightly surprised that she couldn’t see a glowing green light between them, such was the power she could feel coming off him, she stuffed her hands in her pockets and tried to walk slightly ahead of him to create a little distance. Like a magnet though, he seemed to be drawn closer to her again almost immediately.
She sneaked a peek up at him and immediately blushed as their eyes met. He smiled at her.
She took her hand back out of her pocket and slipped it into his. He squeezed it. “Adam will be fine, Leona – he’ll be all better again by midnight.”
Leona nodded. She hoped he was right. She was very fond of Adam and she wanted him to be perfectly fine and well again, but not for her. She wanted him to be better for himself and for his family, who loved him.
When they arrived at the hospital, Janey and Jonah darted inside, whilst Leona waited nervously outside for them.
Janey had confided to her that she was going to cast an invisibility charm on them both and they were going to get him out somehow. Leona didn’t want to think about all the things that could go wrong. She sat on a low wall and tried her best not to be sick as the nerves in her stomach threatened to overwhelm her.
She tried to think about something else, but of course the only other thing on her mind was Jonah’s kiss. All she wanted to do was relive it every few minutes. Who am I kidding? She scolded herself. All I want to do is repeat it – not relive it!

*

Jonah and Janey walked quickly up to the main doors of the hospital.
“Any idea where he’ll be?” Janey asked.
Jonah looked up at the directory on the wall. “Leona said he was in the diabetes department – since he was in a coma when they brought him in, they must have figured that was the most likely cause...”
They dived into the lift and Jonah pressed the button for the third floor.
Janey stood right on the other side of the lift. She really didn’t feel in the least bit comfortable being in Jonah’s presence. He was terribly intimidating, but it was more that he looked so much like his brother that bothered her the most.
He kept to his side of the lift, but glancing across at her, he couldn’t help noticing her discomfort. He frowned. What sort of an impression must I make on people? He wondered.
He was about to ask her when the lift doors opened and they were once again hurtling along the corridor in search of his brother.
After a few awkward moments trying to get past the duty nurse, Janey murmured something under her breath and the nurse suddenly smiled blandly and let them through.
Jonah looked at Janey in surprise.
“Sorry about that.” She looked at him apologetically. “I figured we could argue all night with her or I could make her think we’d made a special appointment...”
Jonah smiled, transforming his usually sullen face. “Brilliant.” He said as they moved quickly down the ward.
Janey beamed. He was kind of nice when he wasn’t looking so murderous.
Finally they found Adam. As luck would have it, he had been given a side room of his own.
They stole inside. Jonah was shocked at how thin and pale he looked. “We really have to get him out of here – if anything’s going to kill him, it’ll be being left in here any longer.”
Janey nodded. “Yeah – it’s pretty dire isn’t it – Do you think you can carry him if I make us all invisible?”
“You mean you can actually do that?”
“I think so.” Janey chewed her bottom lip trying to remember the correct incantation.
Jonah rolled his eyes. “You could have used that to get us in here!”
Janey looked at him sheepishly, “Yeah – you’re right. I only thought about using it to get us back out!”
Jonah smiled. “Well at least you’ve remembered it now – can you help me get that drip out of his arm?”
Janey nodded and moved around the bed to where the intravenous drip was attached to Adam. She pressed down on his hand and slid the needle out of his vein. Jonah watched in fascination.
“How did you know what to do?”
She shrugged. “I watch a lot of hospital dramas on TV.” She said.
Keeping a tissue pressed firmly on his hand for a minute she removed it. “There – it’s not going to bleed.” She said.
Jonah picked his brother’s limp body out of the bed. He may have grown a little thin over the last few days, but he was certainly still heavy enough to have to carry any distance.
Jonah gave up in the end and put him over his shoulder in a fireman’s lift.
Janey muttered under her breath and they were all instantly invisible.
“Cool,” Jonah murmured, obviously impressed. Janey felt quite proud of herself.
She opened the door and they moved as quickly as was possible through the ward and corridors back to the lifts.
Jonah was panting slightly by the time they arrived at the lifts and a couple of people waiting looked around to see where the sound was coming from.
They darted into a vacant lift as soon as they could and Janey pressed the button for the ground floor.
As they were descending the spell started to fail. Jonah looked across in surprise to see Janey reappearing.
“Oh.” He said.
Janey looked back at him in horror. “Oh my God!” She cried. “I don’t have time to re-cast!”
“Don’t worry.” Jonah said soothingly. He felt better now that they were actually doing something to make Adam better. “We’ll just have to be really confident and walk straight out of the doors. With any luck, no one will see us.”
Janey gulped. This was going to go horribly wrong.
Amazingly all they encountered were a few funny looks from the evening cleaners. As soon as they were outside they both started laughing with relief. Then remembering Leona sat waiting for them, they started to run.


Chapter 32 – Off to the woods…

After about a quarter of an hour they reappeared with what looked like a body slung over Jonah’s shoulder.
“Holy crap,” muttered Leona, “They’ll get themselves arrested.”
She hurried over to them. “Were you aware that you’re not invisible anymore?” she hissed.
“Yes! We know!” Janey wailed. “My spell failed coming out of the lift – we got a few funny looks – I think we’re gonna have to run again!”
They all took off at a sprint towards the woods. Once they were under the cover of the trees they slowed. Jonah placed his brother gently on the floor. He didn’t even stir.
“Is he okay?” Leona asked worriedly, looking down at Adam.
“He’s still alive, if that’s what you mean.” Jonah replied gravely. He looked up at her and she felt a jolt in the pit of her stomach as their eyes met. How could she not have realised before tonight what all the feelings she was experiencing when he was around her meant? It seemed ridiculously obvious to her now.
“Well, that’s good then.” She muttered.
Janey whistled softly, looking intently towards the trees.
Franklin suddenly appeared, as if from nowhere, in his canine form again. Leona gasped. Jonah grabbed her and pulled her behind himself, keeping his eyes on the large wolf.
“It’s fine – it’s fine. It’s only Franklin!” Janey had forgotten that neither Jonah nor Leona had seen him like this before.
Jonah relaxed and allowed Leona to move so that she was next to him. He could smell him now and he knew there was absolutely no danger but he kept his arms around her protectively anyway.
Leona welcomed his strong arms around her – she felt that she might pass out any minute from the thrill of his touch.
Janey glanced at them both curiously with her eyes narrowed. She was certain something was going on between them.
Franklin snorted loudly. He was clearly getting a little impatient.
“Yeah, we’re coming now.” Janey said, tearing her eyes away from her friend, whom, she noted hadn’t taken her eyes off Jonah.
Leona and Jonah finally seemed to realise that they weren’t alone. Jonah immediately let her go and bent to pick his brother back up off the floor.
He followed on after them all quite slowly.
Janey took the opportunity to get Leona alone for a moment.
“Is everything alright between you and Jonah?”
“Yes, it’s fine.” Leona replied shortly. She was clearly giving nothing away.
Janey nodded and walked ahead to catch up with Franklin.
“There’s definitely something going on between those two!” She hissed.
Franklin growled in agreement.
“I thought she was supposed to be in love with Adam!” She hissed indignantly.
Franklin made a noise that sounded remarkably like a chuckle.
“I wish you weren’t a wolf right now – I could really use your perspective!”
Franklin stuck his nose in her hand and licked her.
She stroked his head lovingly. “It’s fine, I’ll talk to you later.” She murmured.
It took a while to get to the place they needed to be to carry out the spell, but soon enough they rounded a corner and found the clearing where the coven was waiting. It was a quarter to midnight.
“Hi guys.” Janey looked around. There were not so many murmurings of doubt tonight. The coven had seen that Janey was perfectly capable of performing the spell and they were happier.
“Um, Jonah is bringing his brother, because he’s – well, he hasn’t been properly conscious for a couple of days now – time really is of the essence and we need this to work.”
Chastity stepped forward. “We need to get into position very soon, Janey. You were between me and Crystal last time.”
“Yes, of course.” She turned to Franklin. “Frank, I really think you need to get into the cover of the trees now.”
Franklin looked at her, whined softly and then padded off into the darkness.
Leona approached Janey. “Janey – where should Jonah and I wait?”
Janey turned and looked at Leona in surprise. “Oh – I’m sorry Leona. I’d almost forgotten you two were here!” She glanced at Jonah nervously. He still freaked her out a little. “Would you mind waiting in the trees too?”
“No problem.” Leona looked at Jonah and raised her eyebrows at him.
He nodded. “I’ll catch up with you.” He said.
Leona turned away and started down the hill to the trees. Turning to Janey he looked at her. Before he was able to tell her that he had every faith in her, she squared her shoulders and looked him straight in the eye. She swallowed nervously. “We don’t have to do this if you have any reservations – I don’t want you to blame me if this goes wrong...”
Jonah sighed and shook his head, “You seem to have formed a terrible opinion of me, Janey.” He frowned, “I want Adam to be back to normal and as far as I can see, you are his only hope. So please, do the spell now, before any of us can change our minds.” Janey nodded. “And Janey...”
She looked up at him, her bottom lip caught between her teeth, showing her nervousness, “Yeah?”
He smiled, “Please save him, despite what I think you know about my feelings for Leona – I do really love my brother and I want him to be fine.”
“I’ll do my best,” Janey smiled slightly, “I promise – and for what it’s worth – I’m absolutely certain Leona feels the same way about you.”
Jonah gave her a fleeting smile and then turned. He spotted Leona waiting on the edge of the woods for him. He walked over quickly to join her.
Franklin was nowhere to be seen. He’d obviously moved deeper into the forest than they felt the need to go.
They could still clearly see the coven. They seemed to be preparing to start the spell. Janey was at the head of the circle and was stood with her head bowed. She looked powerful and strong. Leona couldn’t help feeling impressed by her.
The wind suddenly started to howl around them. Leona shivered. She hadn’t brought a coat as the weather had been fine and warm when they’d left home.
Jonah noticed her shiver and put his arms around her tentatively, afraid that she would reject him. She looked up at him and smiled. Jonah smiled back and pulled her closer to him, more confident now that she welcomed his touch.
Thunder clouds started to accumulate overhead, just as they had the first time the spell had been attempted. Janey glanced up nervously. Where was the lightning?
She screwed her eyes up and concentrated harder.
The coven swayed and chanted. Janey chanted the words with them.
Suddenly the loudest crack of thunder made Janey jump violently. Her eyes flew open in time to see the forked lightning lifting Adam a good six feet into the air before dropping him back down.
The strike had hit him directly to the heart as planned.
The question was – had he survived... or was he dead?
Jonah watched in horror as his brother’s body was tossed in the air by the bolt of lightning. He grabbed Leona’s hand and started to run back to the coven.
Leona ran with him, stumbling over the clumps of grass and the fallen branches from the brief storm.
They sank to their knees and Jonah felt for his brother’s pulse.
Leona watched in terror, waiting. After what seemed like forever Jonah lifted his head and his eyes sought out hers. A slow smile transformed his face from his usual sullen expression into one of utter joy. “He has a strong pulse!” He shouted excitedly, “I think...” He looked down in surprise as he heard something.
Adam’s eyes were flickering, “Oh, man – am I glad to see you!” He said.
Jonah laughed with relief, “Are you back with the living then?”
He nodded, “Reckon I am – hey, where’s Leona?” Adam sat up and looked around eagerly for his girlfriend.
“I’m here,” Leona smiled at him. Her eyes flickering towards Jonah momentarily.
The look of joy faded a little from Jonah’s face as he made room for Leona to give Adam a hug.
“I’m glad to see you looking better!” She said with false brightness.
Jonah seemed to melt into the background as Adam got to his feet. “Wow – I’m absolutely starving – I need to get something to eat.”
“You’ll be lucky at this time of night – there’s nowhere open.” Leona said, looking over his shoulder for his brother.
“Where did Jonah go?” Adam seemed to realise he’d disappeared too. He looked all around. Leona did too; she couldn’t see him anywhere. He’d disappeared without a trace.
Realising that he’d gone, and thinking she knew the reason why, Leona sighed with frustration. What the hell was the matter with him? Hadn’t she shown him how she felt about him?
Forcing her negative feelings to the back of her mind she turned to Adam, “Come on, we’ll go back to mine – I’ll make you a bacon sandwich.”
“That sounds fantastic.” Adam put his arm around Leona and they made their way slowly back through the woods to civilisation.
Janey followed at a distance, she thought she knew how Jonah must be feeling. She had felt elated that he had survived and seemed to be back to normal, to being totally deflated when the first person he had asked for was Leona. But she shook herself mentally – what was she thinking? Of course he would ask for her. He didn’t have any romantic feelings towards her and she already had a boyfriend anyway. She kept following – just to make sure he was okay – with Franklin who would be changing back to human form any minute now and needed to get home before he was arrested for indecent exposure...


Chapter 33 – Relief…

Janey and Franklin got back to his house just in time. She watched fascinated as his human features started to appear out of his furry face.
She averted her eyes away until he got his tracksuit bottoms on and then she started talking. “I think that went well tonight.”
“Went well?” Frank exclaimed. “It went fabulously – you saved the guy’s life!” He was looking at her reverently.
Janey shrugged, trying to be modest about the whole thing, “I couldn’t have done it without the coven’s help – and I certainly couldn’t have done it without knowing you were there too, believing in me.”
Franklin grinned and pulled her into a big, warm hug, “You know I believe in you.”
“Uh-huh I do.” She snuggled into his chest for a moment, enjoying the warmth from him. After a moment though, the news she was dying to discuss got the better of her and she leaned away from him to look up into his face.  “So what do you think is going on with Leona and the Byrnes brothers?”
Franklin looked back at her in amusement. He knew it wouldn’t be long before she started to talk about it. “Honestly? I think she’s going out with the wrong one.” Franklin said.
“Do you really think so?” Janey asked excitedly.
Franklin looked down at her, “Yeah – she’s definitely not in love with Adam – but the strength of the feeling she and Jonah have got going on are damned uncomfortable – I had to get deeper into the forest just to escape all the pheromones!”
“Hmm. You know I’ve been thinking there’s been a vibe there for a while.” She said, ignoring the gnawing feeling that she had pretty much the same vibe every time she saw Adam.
Janey had definitely noticed the tension between Leona and Jonah, though and she couldn’t wait until tomorrow when she could quiz her about it.


Chapter 34 – Home… 

Jonah arrived home. He guessed Adam would be a couple of hours yet – wanting to catch up with Leona. That gave him all the time he needed.
He stole upstairs to his room silently and took a look around his room. He was still packed from his earlier trip when he’d gone to the British Library to find out what he could about the blood protection.
He didn’t have any reason to leave again, his research had told him everything he needed to know – and Janey’s fantastic spell casting tonight had sorted out the other problem.
The only reason he felt he should go now was to stay out of his brother’s way and to allow him to date his girlfriend in peace. He now knew that this was perfectly possible.
His research filled in a few blanks, but mostly he’d put together the facts about blood protection from his own experience.
He knew that Adam hadn’t saved Leona that night, years ago, in the forest, because it had been he who had grabbed the little cat and picked her up, ready to snap her neck and drain her of her blood.
He hadn’t imagined at the age of ten, that he would ever come across a human that could change into a cat, but his acute sense of smell had picked up that she was no ordinary cat.
He had instantly started to breathe through his mouth and had put the beautiful little creature back down on the ground. Using every bit of willpower he had not to pick her right back up and take a bite, he’d pushed her away from him and told her to run...
He had never expected to see her again after that night. He had absolutely no idea he had forged a bond with her that was unbreakable until either he or she died and he had certainly not known anything about Blood-Protection or the fact that he had inadvertently protected her against himself and any other vampires from ever hurting her.
He kicked the side of the dresser in frustration. He should have guessed sooner – before Adam got all stupid and arrogant and nearly got himself killed.
Surely his stupid actions had only made Adam all the more attractive to her that he had been willing to risk his life for her?
He sat on the edge of his bed and scowled at the moon outside. All the clouds had scooted away again now the spell had weaved its magic and it was shining brightly down into his room. Jonah felt anything but bright right now.
He made a decision to leave anyway. On reflection he probably shouldn’t have come back at all – Leona would have saved Adam without him anyway and then he wouldn’t have had this evening with her to remember forever. She would never have invited him in to her home and they would never have shared that kiss. That kiss – which was now etched on his brain for him to remember forever.
She would have been happy with Adam – well, happy that was, until Adam found a new true love, which to be fair – wasn’t likely to be in the very distant future...
He bit his lip – maybe he should stick around then. It wasn’t as if he’d forced himself upon her. Leona had kissed him back earlier – and if she’d felt anything like he did about it, surely this wasn’t the end? Surely she might want to try it again…?
No! What am I thinking! Best to make a clean break – leave her and Adam to sort things out between them – I can always tap into Adam’s mind to check how things are going...
Jonah picked up his bags and started to make his way down the stairs. He was passing his brother’s bedroom when Oscar stuck his head out of his door.
“Hey! You’re back!” He looked at his brother delightedly.
Jonah sighed. He’d been hoping that Oscar wouldn’t have noticed. Oscar hadn’t liked it much that he had decided to go in the first place.
Oscar spied his bags and frowned, “Aw, man – you’re not going again?” he whined, looking at him as if he was the biggest let down in the world.
Jonah looked at him apologetically, “Just for a while.” He said softly, “I’ve got things I need to do.”
“Like what?” Oscar asked, his eyes narrowing.
“Just stuff.” Jonah hedged.
“Rubbish,” Oscar scoffed, “– you’re just in love with Leona and Adam’s gone and got in the way – as usual!”
Jonah almost choked. Oscar was far more intuitive than he gave him credit for. He was growing up. Jonah had failed to notice that in the last couple of years. He nodded, “Okay – maybe that’s true – but what am I supposed to do? Stand around and watch?” He looked at his brother helplessly.
Oscar shrugged. “Yeah I guess you’re right to go – I know it sucks man.” He said quietly.
“What makes you such an expert?” Jonah raised his eyebrows.
It was Oscar’s turn to look uncomfortable, “Just stuff.” Oscar shrugged.
Jonah looked at his brother and a thought crossed his mind, “Did Adam do this to you too?”
Oscar sighed and shook his head, “Not really – I just kind of fell for the same girl he’d already asked out back in Belvoir Creek – I don’t suppose that’s where you’re headed, ‘cause if it is – I’m coming with you.” He made to go back in his room to get his things.
Jonah put out his hand and caught his brother’s shoulder. “I’m not going back to Belvoir Creek, Oscar.” He said.
Oscar sighed. “Oh, right. Never mind then. Don’t stay away too long, though, Jonah – Adam will have moved on in no time.”
Jonah nodded. He knew Oscar was right, but he wasn’t prepared to sit around and wait for her to be dropped like a stone. Who was to say she would want him anyway?
Jonah gave his brother a hug and then made his way out of the house.
Looking back up at the imposing building, he sighed. It really did feel like home here in Fernley and it made his heart ache at the thought of leaving for good. He turned to his car, threw his bags in the boot and slammed it shut. He got in, put his seatbelt on and turned the key. Without a second glance he drove off with no idea of where he would end up; it just seemed imperative to get as far away as possible from Fernley right now. Fernley... and Leona.


Chapter 35 – Facing the truth…

“Better?” Leona grinned at Adam across the table as he popped the last mouthful of his bacon sandwich in his mouth.
“Much!” He grinned back. “So what did I miss?”
Leona took his plate and turned back to the dishwasher. She loaded the plate. “Nothing much – it was all just panic-stations trying to figure out how to bring you back from the brink of death.” She turned back and was surprised to find that Adam had stood up and was standing right behind her. She jumped with surprise.
“You spent quite a lot of time with Jonah.” Adam said.
Leona looked at him, trying to gauge his feelings about that fact. His face was unreadable but she felt it was better not to lie. She just didn’t really want him knowing the whole truth. “Um, yeah – he came back when he sensed you were ill and it’s lucky he did, because he helped us get you where you needed to be to make it possible for Janey to cast the spell again. He was really concerned for you.”
Adam nodded. “Yeah – I know. I could hear him.”
Leona felt her face heating up. “Y-you could hear him?” She stammered. “What do you mean?”
“The gift he told you about – it isn’t only one-way.” Adam explained. “He can tap into my mind without me sensing his presence – which I totally get now. But I can do it to him too – it’s something we do usually when we’re hunting, I wasn’t aware that it was something we could do anytime – well, not until I was unconscious – but it was very... illuminating.”
“Illuminating?” Leona echoed faintly, wishing the floor would swallow her up.
“Yeah.” Adam suddenly grinned at her, “Oh, come on Leona – so you realised you were dating the wrong guy, big deal,” He shrugged good-naturedly, “I wasn’t thrilled to begin with, but I can live with the heartbreak,” He put his hand to his heart, “– well, I can as long as you’ll still talk to me when you’re round at our house.”
Leona laughed, relief coursing through her that he was taking it all so well. Adam really was adorable. “Of course I’ll still talk to you – you daft thing. Anyway – we’ll always be friends – after all – you saved my neck once – it was only fair to save yours right back, wasn’t it?”
Adam looked at her a little uncomfortably, “Actually – I really need to talk to you about that, too.” He said quietly.
Leona’s smile faltered as his face became serious. “What?”
He looked at her with a sheepish expression on his face, “Well, like I said – I could hear you and Jonah having a deep and meaningful conversation earlier on this evening, before he came to get me out of the hospital – and I really thought he was going to tell you the truth.”
Leona stared at him, “What truth?” she asked, completely bewildered.
Adam bit his lip and drummed his fingers on the table nervously, “About that night, years ago.”
“When we were young you mean?” Leona was intrigued now.
He nodded, “Yeah – you see, we were both hunting – me and Jonah – he picked you up – I wasn’t anywhere around at the time. I guessed that you thought it was just the one boy, so I’ve kind of let you continue thinking it was just me…” he gave her an apologetic smile.
Leona’s jaw dropped. “So what you’re saying is that it was actually Jonah who let me go? It was Jonah who gave me the blood protection?”
He nodded, “Yeah – which was why I felt it was so necessary to be cleansed – I didn’t know his protection stopped me from hurting you too and I really didn’t want to go and bite you – he’d have never forgiven me.”
Leona stared at him, “But I don’t understand – why wouldn’t he...”
Adam smiled mischievously and rolled his eyes, “Oh, come on Leona,” he said with a chuckle, “– isn’t it obvious? He’s in love with you!”
Leona gaped at him. He didn’t seem to notice. “I let you believe it was me because I wanted to be your hero.” He smiled disarmingly.
Leona smiled in spite of herself. The real hero was Jonah – and he hadn’t wanted any of the glory at all. “I have to see him, Adam.” She said.
Adam sighed and nodded, “Yup, thought you’d say that.” He grinned at her, “Come on then. Let’s go.”
Leona looked at the clock – quarter to two in the morning – jeez she was keeping some hours these days... it was a good job her mum and dad were away for the night.


Chapter 36 – Gone!

Leona and Adam snuck into the house, hoping that they didn’t wake anyone else up.
“I’ll go and get him out of his coffin.” Adam whispered with a grin.
Leona punched him and grinned, nodding. She watched him run up the stairs without making a sound.
She turned abruptly when she heard voices. Surely they would wake his mother up?
Her heart was hammering in her chest with the anticipation of seeing Jonah again. It felt like an eternity since she’d last seen him but it had only been a couple of hours ago.
Adam reappeared and there was someone with him, but it wasn’t Jonah – it was Oscar.
She looked at Adam expectantly. “Where is he?” she hissed.
Adam looked at Oscar, who (not being comfortable at the best of times, being centre of attention) rolled his eyes, blushed furiously and said. “He’s gone.”
“Gone? Gone where?” Leona looked at him horrified.
He shrugged, “I don’t know really – I asked if he was going back to Belvoir Creek, but he said he wasn’t.”
“Where’s that?” Leona asked, bewildered.
“It’s where we lived for a couple of years before we came here – I’d have gone with him if that’s where he’d been headed.” Oscar glanced sideways at Adam as he spoke and blushed again.
“Is there someone special there for you?” Leona asked, noticing the blush.
Oscar nodded, “Yeah – I didn’t want to leave.”
Adam looked at Oscar through slightly narrowed eyes. “Loraine?”
Oscar looked his brother in the eye, “Yes, Adam – Loraine – got a problem with that?” he growled.
Adam looked slightly hurt and surprised by his brother’s tone, “No – of course I haven’t. She was never really my type – you’re quite welcome to her.”
“Wow, thanks,” Oscar deadpanned, “but, it’s a little late now that we’re hundreds of miles away, don’t you think?”
Leona felt sorry for Oscar. He was every bit as beautiful as his two brothers. His only problem was his acute shyness.
“Why don’t you write to her,” she offered, “– or email if you have the address and just tell her how you feel?”
Oscar looked at her as if she was quite mad, “I can’t do that.” He said, scandalised.
Leona grinned at him. “Of course you can – you just said yourself that you’re hundreds of miles away – if she isn’t interested then the likelihood of you crossing paths is slim so you’ve nothing to lose – on the other hand, if she is interested, you’ll have demonstrated just how confident you are at expressing your innermost feelings for her – and believe me, that quality is very attractive to a woman. It’s kind of like gold-dust!”
Adam was watching the exchange between Leona and his younger brother with amusement. Oscar was totally taking in everything she said.
“Leona,” he admonished with a chuckle, “– stop dazzling the boy!”
Oscar frowned at him, “She’s not dazzling me, Adam – she’s talking perfect sense – I should have just had the guts to tell Loraine how I felt before we left.”
Adam’s mouth dropped open. Oscar rarely argued with anyone, let alone him, “Okay, man – keep your hair on.”
Oscar made a face at him and shot back up the stairs.
Adam and Leona looked at each other. Leona bit her lip and asked him something that she’d been thinking about since Oscar had dropped his bombshell about Jonah being absent. “Adam – can I ask you a really big favour?”
Adam smiled. “Of course – what’s up?”
Leona took a deep breath, “Can you find out where Jonah is?”
Adam frowned. “I can try – but I’ve never attempted to locate him from any great distance by mind before – and we’ve no idea where he is – he could be miles away.”
Leona nodded. “I know that, but could you just try?” She said.
Adam nodded and then closed his eyes and concentrated hard. Leona crossed her fingers willing him to get through.


Chapter 37 – And back again…

“Get the hell out of my head.” Growled Jonah.
“Ah, you are there then.” Adam’s cheerful voice filled his head.
Squeezing his eyes shut and willing him to leave him the hell alone he did his best to ignore his brother. Curiosity however, got the better of him, “What do you want?” he asked.
Adam laughed, “It’s not me that wants you – it’s Leona.” He said, “In fact she’s desperate to know where you are.”
Jonah’s heart leapt; he sat up. “Leona?” he asked.
“Yup.” Adam was beginning to sound bored, “So where are you?”
Jonah looked around the small room he was occupying for the night, “I’m in a bed and breakfast in some God-forsaken little town called Hawk’s End.”
“Sounds fab.” Adam sounded amused.
Jonah snorted, “Believe me, it’s anything but fab – did she really ask you to find me?”
“Well, Duh! Yes Jonah. She’s at our house right now – she wanted to see you, only being the idiot that you are, you’d already taken off.”
Jonah ignored the slight and jumped off the bed that he’d been laying on staring at the TV without actually watching it. Slipping his feet back into his trainers he told his brother, “I’ll be back for breakfast – put her up on the sofa.”
“Fine, laters.” Adam opened his eyes and grinned at Leona who was chewing her bottom lip nervously and looking at him with ill concealed impatience.
“Did you find him?” She asked urgently.
Adam nodded, “Yes, I did. He’s on his way home.” He said with a grin, “he’ll be here by around six o’clock I’d imagine – I’ll get you some blankets and you can sleep on the couch.”
“No – I really should be getting home...” Leona jumped up and made for the door.
“He asked me to put you up.” Adam called after her, “Can you imagine the look I’ll get if he gets here and finds you gone?”
Leona turned back and smiled, picturing a glowering scowl that she had once found so terrifying but that she now couldn’t wait to see, “Right,” she agreed, “– you’d better get me those blankets, then!” 

*

Jonah hurried down the stairs of the B&B he had checked into only hours earlier.
“I won’t be back.” He called to the proprietor.
“You have to pay anyway,” The woman said harshly.
He considered showing her his teeth – it was a full moon after all and his canines were always slightly longer around this time. He sighed. She was unpleasant but there was no need to frighten her.
He smiled blandly at her instead, “Of course – here.” Jonah thrust a wad of notes into her hand – far more than his room cost – and disappeared through the door faster than she could count the money.
He threw his bags back into the boot, slammed it shut, then sped round the car and got in.
Turning the key in the ignition it suddenly hit him with force that Leona had asked Adam to contact him. His heart soared. He grinned in the darkness – he was going home. Because it had finally dawned on him – home was wherever Leona was – it might have taken him a while to figure it out, but he knew it now...


Chapter 38 – Soul Mates…

Jonah turned into the drive. The house was in darkness, but it wouldn’t be for long. It was around four thirty in the morning. He’d driven like a demon to get here as soon as he could.
He let himself in and silently moved through the kitchen to the lounge. There she was, curled up like a kitten on the sofa, fast asleep.
Adam had been very good, considering he had been overlooked in favour of his older brother and had got her a pillow and a quilt. She was tucked up, warm as toast and looking, to Jonah, completely adorable.
He moved silently over to her and sat on the floor at her side, just watching her as she slept.
He got back up after a while and sauntered back through to the kitchen, looking for something to eat. It had been hours since he’d had anything and he was starving.
He jumped as he heard her voice close behind him.
“Jonah.”
As he turned, she threw herself into his arms.
Jonah, feeling ridiculously pleased with himself, wrapped his arms around her and hugged her close.
“You really are here, aren’t you? You’re not my imagination?” She breathed.
He chuckled softly, “No I’m really here. Can’t you feel it?”
She nodded, tears in her eyes, “When I looked around in the woods and you’d gone it was... I was...” she swallowed back a sob, “I thought I’d never see you again.” She held on to him a little tighter as if she was making sure he really was there. “– and then when we got here and you really had gone...” She shuddered. Jonah tightened his arms around her to comfort her.
She relaxed against him and he kissed the top of her head.
She looked up at him and smiled. “– but then when Adam said he could hear us when he was unconscious I realised that he might be able to contact you and so I asked him to find you.”
“He could hear us?” Jonah raised his eyebrows.
“Yeah,” She looked up at him sheepishly, “– I’m not entirely sure how much he heard.”
Jonah frowned. “Oh, believe me – knowing Adam, he’d have got everything.”
Leona grinned, “Yeah, well – it’s all for the best really – we’ve agreed to just be mates.”
“Good.” He tightened his arms around her a little more.
“He told me something else while you were away.” She eyed him warily.
Jonah looked at her with a slight frown, “What was that then?”
“He told me that it wasn’t him who let me go that night...”
He looked at her a little apprehensively, and then taking a deep breath, he nodded and began to explain. “It’s true, Leona – the blood protection has always been in place, because it wasn’t Adam that let you go that night – it was me.”
“Yes, he told me earlier. I still don’t understand how I only saw one of you though.”
Jonah shrugged, “Adam and I are very alike in appearance. In the dark, as a cat, I doubt you could tell the difference in the colour of our eyes.”
Leona stared at him. It was true he was incredibly similar to look at as his brother – but where Adam was clean cut and handsome in a slightly pretty way – Jonah was rugged looking; dark and wild.
“We were both hunting that night. I caught you and I just knew that you weren’t really supposed to be a cat. I had to let you go. I watched you run for cover but I knew Adam was still around so I ran in the opposite direction, and gave the signal for him to follow me. It worked – he caught another wild cat and then he followed me and we went home. We left the town all together after that night and I never expected our paths to cross again.”
“You gave him the signal – what sort of signal?”
Jonah grinned, “Promise you won’t laugh?”
Leona looked at him. “I promise.”
“I used to like owls – I still do actually. So I used to hoot like an owl to signal to him that it was time to go.”
Leona smiled. “I quite like owls too – but only because it was an owl that stopped Adam from eating me!”
“Well, kind of,” he laughed, “– it was me actually!”
Leona looked up at him and smiled. “I saw him take Siren, but I thought you and he were one and the same person.”
“Are you okay with the fact that it was me?”
Leona looked up at him. “I’m more than happy that you saved me. I couldn’t think of anyone I’d rather be eternally bound to.”
Jonah gaped at her, “You know a lot more about this blood protection thing than you’ve ever let on before.”
She raised her eyebrows. “So do you, by the sounds of it.” She retorted, reddening.
Jonah nodded. “I’ve found out a lot in the past couple of weeks. It’s very difficult to get any real information on it – how long have you known about it?”
“About the same amount of time as you have – I like to research things thoroughly.” She grinned at him.
He smiled at her, “I’ll say – you went all the way to the British Library?”
She looked up at him and nodded, “Yeah, I went to London for the day with my mum and dad. They went to see the sights and I spent nearly all of my time in there!” She laughed softly at the memory, “I’m guessing you did too?” She looked up into his beautiful pale green eyes.”
“Uh-huh – I’m thorough too.” He smiled lazily. Suddenly everything seemed to feel absolutely right, “Did you get to the bit about…?” Jonah’s eyes were boring into hers, making her knees turn to jelly again.
“Soul-mates?” Leona asked faintly, and only just managing to meet his eyes.
“Yeah.” Jonah replied, looking as though he was holding his breath.
She nodded, “Yeah, I did,” She blushed beetroot red as she looked up at him. “– I’d kind of already got that feeling when I read it – and I wondered why I felt it about the wrong brother.”
Jonah smiled in relief. “So you didn’t think you were in love with Adam then? You didn’t feel that he was your soul-mate?”
Leona didn’t answer straight away, but it was one of those soul-bearing moments and she felt it only right to tell the whole truth, “Well, only the once,” she smiled at his raised eyebrows, “– just that one time – on the dance floor.”
“Ah,” Jonah nodded, trying his best not to grin broadly, “I see.” He gave up trying not to smile and pulled her into his arms.
She turned her face up to him and he leaned down to kiss her gently.
She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer.
“I love you, Leona.” He said as he pulled away slightly.
Leona sighed happily. “I love you too, Jonah.” She said, staring up at him in wonder before pulling in him for another kiss.


Chapter 39 – Meant to be…

Leona awoke later on in the morning to the smell of bacon frying.
She peeped over the back of the sofa to see Adam and Jonah together in the kitchen getting on like a house on fire, making breakfast.
“Morning.” Jonah grinned at her as he spotted her.
“Morning.” She replied.
“What would you like to eat?”
“Anything.” Leona shrugged.
Adam grinned too. “Toast?” He called over as two slices popped up.
“Toast’s fine.” Leona agreed.
“Coming right up.”
Leona looked around. “Where’s Oscar?”
“He went to meet Loraine.” Adam said. “Turns out she really liked him too – that email was a genius idea.”
Leona smiled. “Well I’m glad.” She said.
“Yeah, me too – he needs to find someone nice.”
“So do you.” Leona pointed out.
“I’ll find someone one day – maybe.” Adam grinned.
Jonah brought over a plate of toast, dripping with butter and smothered with marmalade. “Here you are, beautiful.” He said.
“Thanks.” Leona smiled shyly up at him. He bent and kissed her on the top of the head.
Leona put her arms around his neck and pulled him close to her. As their lips met Adam’s voice interrupted them. “Oh for God’s sake you two – get a room!” He joked.
“Gladly!” Jonah grinned. “Come on Leona – I’ll show you my room – it’s right at the top of the house in the attic.”
“Well, there’s an offer I can’t refuse!” She grinned, getting up and following him up the stairs. “You don’t sleep hanging upside down from the rafters do you?”
As they disappeared up the stairs she could hear Adam laughing at her comment.
Jonah took her hand. “No I most certainly do not.” He grinned. “I have a wonderfully comfortable bed, like any normal person, thank you very much, and I believe I have told you before, but I shall just remind you again anyway – I am perfectly able to sleep at night, I do not kill fair maidens and drink their blood and I can go out in daylight without shrivelling up like a prune!”
“Well you sound just perfect to me and I couldn’t care less – you’re perfect for me anyway.” She giggled sliding her arms around his neck and kissing him again.
He took her up the second staircase to his room. He opened his bedroom door and she looked inside.
It was a perfectly ordinary looking room for a young man. “You see – no coffins.” He grinned.
She turned to him. “I wasn’t expecting to see coffins!” She laughed.
“I’m just kidding you.” Jonah laughed and he wrapped his arms around her and hugged her to him.
She hugged him back. “I’m very glad Adam found you and persuaded you to come back.”
“Yeah, me too. I don’t know what I would have done if I couldn’t be with you, my little cat-eyes.” Jonah said in a gruff voice that gave away the emotion he was feeling. He lowered his head and kissed her softly on the lips.
She kissed him back, marvelling at the energy surging through her as his lips moved against hers. This was absolutely right. This was what she wanted, what she would always want and if that meant being eternally bound together then she was perfectly content with that.

*

“So, come on – spill the beans.” Janey sat on the end of Leona’s bed looking at her expectantly. It was later in the day and Leona had gone home to get changed.
Jonah had said he would be around later to pick her up and they were going into town. She marvelled at how right everything felt now that they had finally worked out that they were supposed to be together.
Soul-Mates. When she had read those words they had seemed to jump out of the page and hit her squarely between the eyes. They had shocked her a little. She couldn’t for the life of her see how she and Adam could ever be soul-mates. He simply wasn’t the one for her. Now it made perfect sense. Jonah was definitely The One for her. There was absolutely no doubt in her mind – or his. She glowed with pride that he felt the same way about her as she did him.
“What?” Leona asked trying to keep straight face. It didn’t work and a silly grin spread across her face almost immediately as she remembered their lazy morning in his room.
“Tell me all about you and Jonah.” Janey said, feeling entirely confident that she was right about her suspicions.
“Oh, you read my mind – that’s cheating!” Leona pouted.
“I so didn’t – honestly!” Janey’s heart leapt and she looked at her incredulously. “Really? Doesn’t he just terrify you?”
“No. Not at all.” Leona sighed. “I just love him.”
“Wow.” Janey’s eyes took on a dreamy look as she thought about another pale-eyed vampire.
“Wow’s right.” Leona breathed. “He was the one who saved me in the woods.”
“Jonah saved you? Oh my God! Tell me everything!”
Leona launched into telling her all about the blood protection. When she got to the soul-mate bit Janey got very excited.
“Oh my God, that is, like, sooooo romantic!”
“Well, don’t you feel like that about Franklin?” Leona looked at Janey in surprise; she had just assumed that they were kind of made for each other too.
“Well sure – I guess...”  Janey seemed to think about it for a minute and then a dreamy expression crossed her face. She took a moment to reply but eventually she said. “Yeah, I guess you’re right – but I don’t know – it’s not quite the same as knowing beyond a shadow of a doubt that you’re The One and for him to have come all the way back, just for you – that’s really romantic, Leona – that’s true love.”
Leona nodded and smiled again. “Yeah, it really is.” She agreed. She’d kind of already worked that one out for herself.

The End


Thank you for reading Midnight Moon (Jonah’s Secret)
If you enjoyed this book, I would be grateful if you could help others enjoy it too. Please help other readers find it by recommending it to your friends and/or discussion groups. Please tell other readers why you liked it by reviewing it at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/marialouiseheath 
Your help is greatly appreciated.



Coming Soon

The Wolf Moon 
(Riley’s Return)
Franklin was happily sniffing around the undergrowth in Fernley wood. It was a full moon and the lighting was particularly good this evening.
He brushed past a shrub, sending an array of new smells into the air assaulting his senses. Excited he put his nose to the ground and sniffed some more.
He was enjoying himself immensely. It had been a good six months since his first transformation and he was well used to changing into a wolf now. He had also found out through his exploration of the area that a larger settlement of werewolves lived in the next village. He had never approached them, fearing that they might attack. He didn’t fancy that.
He knew they were there though and he knew their scent. It was a strong, musky scent. He recognised it on the trees he was passing he stopped to take a good sniff – one of the pack must have been this way recently.
He quickened his pace to a trot. He didn’t much want to run into anyone he didn’t know.
After a while, not having come across anyone, Franklin started to relax a little. He must have misjudged the strength of the scent – whoever had passed through must smell much stronger than he was used to. He had been planning to return home via the brook, but then his ears suddenly tuned into a pitiful sound.
It was definitely a whine, around a mile ahead of him, far closer to Bernside than he was comfortable with. Could it be the wolf he had smelled? It sounded as though it was in serious pain.
Franklin turned his trot into a run. Faster and faster he ran through the undergrowth, the ferns and bracken whipping his face. He didn’t notice; the smell was getting stronger and stronger. He knew he was getting closer. He slowed and sniffed the ground. Looking ahead he could just make out a small brown wolf hiding underneath a shrub. It was a female and she was eyeing him warily. She barred her teeth and her shackles went up. Franklin put his nose on the ground and looked up at her, wagging his tail in a friendly, non-threatening manner. 
She stopped growling momentarily. He straightened up but she started again immediately. Franklin sighed inwardly. He wished he could speak. He whined softly and lowered his head again. He took a tentative step forward. She remained where she was not taking her eyes off him, but she didn’t make another sound.
He got close enough to be able to see what the problem was. Her pad was bleeding profusely. It was obviously quite seriously torn.
Franklin wondered if it would be better to leave her there and to return in his human form, or to try to help as he was; it was a cold night already, being the beginning of December, and the sky was so clear tonight that it was only going to get colder...
As he contemplated what to do he glanced again at the little wolf. She was watching him with panic in her eyes. He realised that she must be one of the Bernside werewolves. He had never tried to speak as a wolf before and he had no idea whether he could communicate with another. He had to try though.
He thought the words and used his voice.
Her eyes widened as she obviously recognised what he was asking.
She answered him. Franklin heard a growl, but his keen wolf senses worked out what she was saying.
She told him that she had been running; looking for her younger brothers when she had caught her back foot in some barbed wire. She had pulled herself free, but the wire had caught and torn her pad as she tried to free herself.
“Are you able to walk?” Franklin asked her.
“I don’t think so.” She sounded afraid.
“I can help you back home.” Franklin looked towards the trees that were just on the perimeter of Bernside.
“You’ll be walking into danger.” She said, shaking her head. “You’re from Fernley.”
“Yes.” Franklin was surprised that she knew where he was from. “Is that a problem?”
She let out a bark. He realised that it was laughter, but not friendly laughter. 
“Please – I’ve only known what I am for a few months, my father isn’t around and since he’s the wolf – I know nothing of the packs or the rules or anything.”
She eyed him warily. “Really?” She asked, stunned.
“Honestly – but really...” He took a nervous glance at the pool of blood that was steadily getting bigger around her foot. “I’d rather you told me about it later if you do know all about it – you need medical attention and if we can’t go to your pack – you’ll have to come back to mine!”
She finally agreed but by now she was very weak. While Franklin was trying his best to get her to stand, she lost consciousness altogether. Franklin dragged her as far as he could in his wolf form, and was quite exhausted by the time he reached the edge of the forest close to his home.
He left her by the path as he located where he had left his stash of clothes and concentrated on transforming back into his human form. He got dressed as quickly as he could into his jeans and sweatshirt and then slung the little wolf over his shoulder. He broke into a run as soon as his feet hit the road. He shouted for his mother as he barged over the threshold.
She appeared almost instantly. “What is it?”
Franklin placed the wolf on the kitchen floor. “She’s badly hurt – can you patch her up?”
Stella Burrows stared at the unconscious animal; dragging her eyes away from her, she looked at her son in horror, “Oh my God!” She exclaimed, “What were you thinking of? Why have you brought her back here?”
Franklin shrugged, “She said I wasn’t allowed to go near her pack,” He explained, “What else was I supposed to do?”
“You should have left her in the woods!” She replied, panic-stricken, “I’m sure they’d have found her,”
Franklin looked at his mother aghast, “She’d have died” he said looking at her as if she was a stranger, “– she was bleeding really badly,” he glanced down at her foot, “– look at her – she still is!”
His mother rolled her eyes, “God help us, Franklin – they’ll be after us now.”
Franklin frowned at his mother; she seemed to be taking his good deed rather badly, “Do you know something about them, then?” he asked. What the hell was she on about?
Stella took a deep breath and nodded wearily, “I’m from their pack, Franklin,” she started, “– it’s me who’s the wolf, not your father.” She said quietly. “I was unfaithful to the Pack and ran away with him,” she sighed and shook her head, “They threatened to kill him when I refused to return.”
Franklin gaped at his mother. “Jeez, you sure know how to keep secrets. How did that work out then?”
She smiled sadly at him, “Badly – we moved right away from here. But obviously being a wolf, I had to keep my head down – it all got too much for your poor father and he gave up and returned to his own kind permanently – I’ve not seen or heard from him since you were born. I’m really sorry Franklin.” She averted her gaze. “I don’t know where he lives – or even if he is still alive. You may have other family.” She glanced back up at him, but then concentrated on cleaning the little wolf’s foot.
Franklin nodded, still reeling from her revelation.
Stella sighed, “I’ve got a lot of explaining to do. Frank. But first let’s get this young lady sorted out.” Peering at the girl she sighed again, “She looks like Maura – she could be her daughter, I guess – but no – she must be her granddaughter I think Maura would be too old for her to be her daughter.”
“Who is Maura?”
“She was one of the pack leaders – she was good friends with your grandmother.”
Franklin nodded. He looked at the small wolf. His heart skipped a beat. She was beautiful.
He watched as Stella bandaged the wolf’s paw. “I think she’ll be alright after a night’s sleep.” She said.
“Will she be safe here?” Franklin asked looking towards the dark window. He spun back around and eyed his mother warily. “More to the point, are we safe here, keeping her overnight?”
Stella gazed at her son with a guarded expression. “I’m pretty sure our scent will mask hers even if she does smell strong to us.”
Franklin breathed a sigh of relief. “Okay, fine. We’ll let her go again at first light – I really would like to speak to you though, about our life and all the secrets you’ve chosen to keep – let me tell you Mum – they really haven’t helped.”
Stella smiled sadly at her son. “No they haven’t, have they?” she said; nodding she added, “Okay, I guess it’s time for you to hear the truth.”
Franklin learned that his father was the human in the relationship between his parents.
He fell for Stella at college where she had been able to pretend that she was just an ordinary human girl. She didn’t tell him what she was until she was pregnant with Franklin, believing naively that he would be okay with everything. Sadly he wasn’t. He completely freaked out and shortly afterwards, he left.
She sniffed and dabbed her eyes with her sleeve. Franklin put his arm around his mother. “You know – you haven’t actually learned anything from that experience – you’ve kept the truth from me all these years too – didn’t you think it would have been better for me to know what I was?”
Stella looked at her son with an apologetic expression. “I was hoping against hope that the werewolf gene would be recessive and that you would just be human like your dad. It became obvious though after a few years that I was wrong. You started getting so tall and so strong; people were beginning to comment that a five year old shouldn’t be so big – you were clearly different from all of your classmates and I didn’t feel it was right being surrounded by humans anymore. I felt it only right to return here – of course I wasn’t allowed back to Bernside – so I settled us here in Fernley – it’s close enough for me to still feel almost home but far enough away to not antagonise the pack.”
Franklin grinned ruefully at his mother, “Yeah, well, I guess that was all fine and dandy for a while,” he bit his lip and glanced across at the little wolf, “– or at least it was until I found her.” He added.
Stella grinned back at him. “Yeah – and how on Earth are you going to explain a naked girl to Janey tomorrow morning at school?”
“A naked girl?” Franklin looked at his mother as if she were quite mad.
“Uh-huh,” Stella nodded with an amused look on her face, “She’s not going to still be in wolf form tomorrow and she’s a darn sight shorter than I am, so we can’t dress her in my clothes!”
Franklin’s eyes widened in alarm, “Holy cow!” he said, staring at her, “What will I do?”
Stella smiled, “What about the all night super-market in town?”
Letting out a huge sigh of relief, Franklin grinned at his mother, “You’re a life saver,” he said making for the door.
Stella got up quickly, “No – I’ll go – I have better control in the moonlight than you do.”




Other ebooks by Heather Mar-Gerrison


Seltham Community College Series

Becky’s Diary
Julia’s Horoscopes
The Nerd and the Masquerade Ball
Joe’s Nemesis
Lauren’s Magnificent Production
Amethyst’s Dating Game
Bradley’s Bad Decision
The Genie and the Master who Loved Him
Red Button

Coming Soon

Lucy’s Lucky Locket (Spring/Summer 2015)


More ebooks by Heather Mar-Gerrison

Re: Vamp
Eternally Yours

Stan
Stan, Remember Me...
Stan, New Beginnings 
Molly, Stan in his own words

White Water
Phase 5

Coming Soon

Kallie’s Secret
The Watchtower

Storm Chasers (Wild Ones Series)


Short stories by Heather Mar-Gerrison

Friends
Zoe’s First Date with Fate

Contemporary Romances

If I Can’t Have You
The One That Got Away
Summer Break
Like No Other
Too Easy to Pretend
Makes No Difference
The Secrets of Sebastian Valentine
Operation Boyfriend (Operation Boyfriend #1)
All Kinds of Trouble (Operation Boyfriend #2)
The Trouble with Tyler (Operation Boyfriend #3)

Coming Soon

What Happens with Vegas (Operation Boyfriend #4)
Some Kind of Paradise
Clean Break (Summer Break #2)
Something Stupid
Seven
Riverside (Fletcher Brothers #1)


Heather also writes historical romance ebooks

The Duchess of Chittenden
Highway to Society
The Real Duke of Circhester
Philip Brunswick is getting married


Coming Soon

Matilda’s Escape
An Unlikely Hero
The Lady and the Blacksmith
Rosy’s leap year
Gabriella’s unexpected proposal
The Other Son…


Heather lives in Nottingham, England with her husband, two daughters and their two cats Bella and Romeo.


Check out my blog at https://www.heathermar-gerrison.blogspot.com for news of my upcoming books.
Follow me on Twitter: @hmgwriting
Follow me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/heather.margerrison.5

