~**~
Mists of Destiny - A Collection:
- Rydia, Daughter of Mist
- Kain, A Hero's Destiny
By Nona Mae King
Inspired by the characters Kain, Edge, Rydia 
and other characters from
Final Fantasy IV © SquareEnix
Cover images by Ambrozjo & Ravenwood
Published by Nona Mae King and Mintfield Books
Smashwords Edition
Discover other titles by Nona Mae King at Smashwords.com:
Fantasy:
To Save A Soul
Romance:
My Fair Princess
Searching for Sara
FanFiction:
The Terra Saga (FF6, Terra/Edgar)
A Rose By Any Other Name (FF7, Vincent)
Bookworms and Booya! (FF8, Zell)
The Reluctant Knight (FF8, Seifer)
Few Words (FF8, Fujin)

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

~**~

Rydia, Daughter of Mist


Rydia stared off into the distance.
She watched the sun sink beneath its ocean bed as she sat with legs outstretched upon the lush grass of the hillside. Her hands, just behind her, tickled the lush greenery. Another day without her mother's gentle voice had come and gone. Rydia sighed and lowered her eyes. The time with the summon monsters had made the loneliness easier to bear. They also helped her realize just how special she was: the last Summoner. Rydia could help the world her mother loved. That knowledge helped her remember who her mother wanted her to become.
Rydia closed her eyes, making believe the slight breeze tickling the hair at her temples was the whisper of her mother's voice. I'm okay, mama. I miss you, but I'm okay. I've got friends. Good ones. I've got a home with laughter and love. And I haven't forgotten what you taught me. Rydia brushed away a tear. I miss you, mama, but I'm okay.
A familiar presence opened Rydia's eyes. A smile tickled her lips as she lowered her gaze. "Hello, Edge." She tilted her head to glance up at him. Edge stared down at her from the branch of the tree beside her. "I thought you were supposed to be in Baron with Rosa and Cecil."
Edge, the handsome Prince of Eblan, dangled his leg as he nonchalantly examined the nails of his long fingers. "They didn't say it was important. I figured it could wait a day or two."
Rydia smiled and shifted her gaze back to the sun as it disappeared behind the ocean into a sea of pinks and purples. She leaned back onto her elbows. "Oh. Last time I knew, a request from the king was pretty important. At least, that's what my mother always told me. You, being a prince, should know better, I guess."
"Is that why you're here, Dee? Thinking about your mother again?"
Rydia smiled. Edge was the only one allowed to use the nickname. "Yeah. What about you?" She peeked over at him again. The slight breeze teased his silver-blue hair as his crisp and clear eyes stared out at the sunset. "Lately, you're out here as much as I am."
"I get to thinking about how it could have been different."
Rydia nodded and moved her focus to the ocean and the quickly vanishing bash of colors. "I know the feeling. A lot of things could have been different, couldn't they? I'd have my friends and family. I'd have my home. I'd have a lot of things." She sighed. "Yeah. A lot of things could have been different. But . . . ." She met his gaze and smiled. "But then I wouldn't have met you, or Rosa, or Cecil, or anyone else. I wouldn't have found out what it meant to really be a part of something. That's what keeps me going. I don't want to give up my new friends for anything."
Edge moved a fraction and dropped gracefully from the tree. He always walked with such languid grace. It was hard to imagine he used deadly force in combination with that quick fluidity. Just like it was hard to imagine he could kill her with a single move. Edge had always been . . . almost gentle.
He sat beside her, stretching out his long form. "I know the feeling."
Rydia cast him a sidelong glance. Edge was seldom quiet, and he usually always reserved a smile for her. She nudged his shoulder. "Edge, why the long face? Are you sick?"
Edge shrugged, still staring down at the toes of his soft gray shoes. "Just feel like being quiet."
Rydia examined his profile a moment longer before scooting closer to wrap her arm around him. She rested her head on his shoulder. "You can be as quiet as long you like."
He took in a deep breath, holding it only a moment. The release tickled the hair on her head. "Dee, you ever thought of getting married?"
Rydia chuckled. "Are you joking?"
"Nope."
Edge's statement caught her by surprise. "Really?" He didn't meet her gaze. Rydia sat up and blinked at him. "Wow. I never thought I would hear you say that."
Edge's eyes shifted to an intense examination of her face. "You think I should?"
Rydia blinked out at the horizon. "Of course, if that's what you want to do. I'm sure she'll be more than willing to help out with rebuilding Eblan. Maybe that's just the help you need?"
He looked away to the final colors of the sunset. A moment later, he stood. "Thanks. I'll talk to you later. I've got to go to Baron."
Rydia watched him go, the smile fading before she turned away. She supposed she should have told him her feelings of friendship for him had long since blossomed to something else, but she wanted to wait. To learn more about the mysterious Prince of Eblan who became an orphan just like her. The rebel who fought the evil that stole his family. Their light-hearted banter had been fun. In fact, his flirting helped her feel better about herself. And their long talks about the past, present, and future forced her to notice a change in her feelings. She really and truly believed that--somehow--she had fallen in love with him.
Edge's personality changed after the battle with Zeromus. He would fall into moods of seriousness, looking somber as he talked about his future plans for Eblan. He would tell her how he wanted to get the kingdom ready for future generations. Edge never mentioned anything about who he wanted to have involved, or about his plans for their friendship, and Rydia hadn't wanted to bring it up. To be honest, she hadn't known how. Now he's going to marry some girl I've never met?
Rydia shifted her eyes to the light fabric of her green and yellow gown. She pressed her lips together and scrambled to her feet, picking up the front of her gown as she hurried after him. Since when have you giving up anything without a fight?
Her heart fluttered between determination and nervousness. "Edge! Wait!"
Edge turned to watch her approach, his expression guarded. "What?"
Rydia stopped in front of him, looking up into the dark seriousness of his eyes with a smile. "Can I come?"
"To Baron?"
"Of course ‘to Baron'. I haven't seen Cecil and Rosa in a little while. It's not very far from here, and I'd love the walk."
Edge scrubbed at the back of his neck. "It's at least three or four days, Dee."
She wrinkled her nose. "Come on. That's nothing to a pair of war-hardened veterans like us." Rydia flexed her arm and gestured at her slight rise of bicep. "See? I've got big muscles."
Edge shook his head, laughing as his well-balanced frame shifted from one foot to the other. "All right. You can come, but don't expect me to fall over myself to wrestle with you."
"Why not? Afraid you'd lose?"
"Afraid I'd enjoy it too much."
Rydia laughed and gave him a push as they turned to walk down the path that led toward Baron. "So, any idea what the king wants?"
Edge shook his head. "Not a clue. Probably wants to know how things are going with Eblan."
Rydia clasped her hands behind her back as she stared down at the grass. It began to wet the tips of her soft-soled shoes. "How are things going?"
"We have a lot of the materials gathered. Now we're waiting for more workers to show up. The few we've got have already started doing what they can, but progress has been slow." His tone brightened, as did his expression.
Rydia's smile tickled the corners of her lips. "At least you're making progress. Right?"
Edge gave a brusque nod. "Right."
"Maybe Cecil wants to give you some workers from Baron?"
He nodded. "That would be nice, but I'm not going to ask."
She peeked at him. "Why not?"
"Because . . . ." Edge caught her gaze before looking away. "Because I want to do this myself. As much as possible, anyway."
"I guess I can understand that, but if your friends want to help . . . you're not going to keep them from doing that, are you?"
He glanced toward her again. "No, I guess not."
"Good." Rydia worried her lower lip. "Edge, is there anything I could do? I've been afraid to ask because I thought you'd say I'd just get in the way."
Edge halted, his eyes dark with an almost anxious expression. "I wouldn't say that," he protested.
Rydia smiled. "Sure you would. Just to give me a hard time. Remember?"
A slowly creeping smile relaxed his expression. "You did your fair share."
"Of course. If you can't take it, don't dish it. I can take it, so I dished it with the best of them."
"I still wouldn't say it."
Rydia's smile softened, and she pulled at his arm to get him moving. "Fine, so you wouldn't say it. Now I'm asking for something to do."
"Well, what do you want to do?"
She laughed. "Get my hands dirty!"
"Oh, there'll be plenty of that." Edge shot her a crooked smile. "But come on, Dee. You've got to give me a little more to go on than that."
Rydia focused her gaze on the trail in front of them. "I just want to help. I don't care what it is. I could use my magic to break down walls or burn away rubble or something. I could cook food for the workers. I could watch the kids . . . ." She peeked at him, holding his gaze for a moment. "Just tell me what to do."
Edge stayed quiet for a long time. Then, much to Rydia's surprise and secret pleasure, he wrapped his arm around her shoulders to give her a squeeze as his hand rubbed her upper arm. "We'll think of something."
She smiled. "Thanks."
"You know that's why I've been out here so much in the first place, don't you? I just hadn't figured out how to get you duped into volunteering."
"Why do you think I was being so difficult? I liked having you around so much." She grinned up at him. "I'm crazy about you, dontcha know?"
Edge's gaze retreated, and his lips quirked in an odd smile. "Likewise, Dee."
Her eyes twinkled. Just wait, Edge. You'll find out. One way or the other.

~@~

Edge watched Rydia as she slept. She's just as pretty now as when I first met her. How long has it been since Rubicant beat the crap out of me? Three years? Two? He shook his head. It doesn't matter. She's just as plucky. Just as smart. Just as perfect for me now as then.
He stared down at his hands and released a deep breath. Am I going to have the nerve to propose when I'm done in Baron? Or am I going to put it off until after Eblan's finished? Or am I going to listen to Rosa and at least tell Rydia how I feel?
Edge's focus shifted to the twinkling stars before he gave a shake of his head and stood, moving just out of sight of the campfire. If he didn't propose, he knew he had to at least tell her how he felt. He'd never been a patient kid, and he didn't want to wait any longer. They had fun together, just like they always did. She took his teasing in stride--like no other person ever had--and then shot it right back at him. No, I'm not going to wait.
They were friends. Couldn't they be more than that?
Edge scoffed, scrubbing his hands through his hair before returning to the log. When he looked over at Rydia, she watched him with a strange expression in those fabulous eyes.
"You sick?" And he could have sworn her voice sounded . . . warm with concern.
Edge's ears flamed, making him glad of the concealing darkness. "Just thinking about some stuff," he told her. She sat up, wrapped her arms around her legs, and then tilted her head at him--as she had a tendency of doing. He dropped his gaze to his hands. "Go back to sleep."
"You sure you don't need to talk about something?"
"Not right now." He heard her sigh as she lay back again, and he could tell she continued to watch him. He lifted his eyes and sent her a smile. "I'm fine, Dee. Really. Go to sleep."
"I will. Eventually," she said, smirking. "All your moving around makes it hard."
That's what he said. He chuckled. "I'll keep that in mind."
"Good night, Edge," she told him, her voice soft. Then she closed her eyes and drifted off, the smile still tickling her lips as her breathing deepened.
Edge watched her for a long while after that. Why does green have to look so damn good on her? He shook his head and stood, running his hands through his hair before cautiously approaching his bedding beside hers. He sat, unable to do much more than simply stare at her. Rydia's face did crazy things to him. You're pathetic, man. Just pathetic. He stared down at her for another moment before lying on his side and closing his eyes to sleep.

~@~

Rydia rose first.
She padded around the camp barefoot for a little while, her arms around herself as she desperately tried to plan what to say that day . . . and the next . . . and then the next until the duo arrived at Baron. I want everything to be perfect. And that was what drove her nuts. Edge had such a long history of flirting, she felt afraid that's all it was. So, how do I tell him I'm crazy about him? She had absolutely no idea.
Rydia released a slow breath, sitting on the log across from the long-since-dead embers of the fire. Edge continued to sleep. She leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees and settling her chin on her hands as she watched him. He looked so much younger when he slept, and when his silver-blue hair got tousled like that it made him look as adorable as ever. It shimmered in the growing sunlight, beckoning Rydia to touch it and see how soft it was . . . . Just once. Come on. You know you want to.
Rydia sighed again, covering her face with her hands at the swell of emotion battling against the hesitancy. It shouldn't be this hard. Should it? Shouldn't I just be able to tell him that I really care about him? That I'm nuts about everything he's involved in? That I love the way he's dedicated his life to rebuilding his family's legacy? She just didn't know if it was acceptable--to him. I should talk to Rosa. She and Cecil would know.
Edge stirred and rolled onto his side, smacking his lips together with a funny frown. Rydia parted her fingers, peeking through the break to watch him with a small smile. Her eyes twinkled. He's such a kick. Such a true friend. Such a man of deep, heart-wrenching insight . . . . He was perfect for her, and she wanted to be perfect for him. We're friends. Can't that grow to be something more? Sometimes she felt as if they were already a couple. The way they stood by each other. The way they helped each other through decisions by being a venting board. The way they were true to each other at all times. I guess it's time to be true on a different level.
Rydia dropped her hands from her face. She loved watching each emotion that flickered across his expression. Her heart stirred as her eyes crinkled with another smile. She would really love to feel Edge's lips touch hers, just once. To have him take her hand in his and give it a good old squeeze, while knowing that he did it as more than a friend. To have him touch her face like she'd seen Cecil touch Rosa's when he didn't know how to show her how much she meant to him. She wanted all that, and she couldn't see herself doing that with anyone but Edge.
My reluctant knight . . . or ninja, rather.
A chocobo cooed somewhere in the distance. Rydia stood, brushing some travel dust from her long green gown before slipping into her shoes. Leotards and leggings had been fine and dandy during their travels on moon and earth, but she wanted something a little more feminine after the war. Something a little warmer and sophisticated. Rosa mentioned that gowns made ladies look slimmer, taller, and more delicate. Rydia gave it a shot and loved it. Besides, Edge says I looked pretty.
Rydia sighed and reluctantly moved to Edge's side to wake him. They had a long way to go, and she was eager to get moving. She knelt down beside him, reaching out a hand to nudge him awake . . . and hesitated, tilting her head to examine his face. Tentatively, she stretched out toward Edge's tousled hair. Again, she hesitated scant inches from his curls. Rydia took in a deep breath and held it. Then, with a whisper of an exhaled sigh, she tenderly brushed the hairs from his forehead.
As soft as silk . . . .
Edge opened his eyes to meet her gaze. Rydia smiled and dropped her hand to her lap. Her cheeks flamed, but she kept her voice calm. "Good morning, sleepy head."
Edge smiled briefly as he sat up. He cleared his throat and stretched, and then he rubbed his hands across his scalp. "Morning."
"Did you sleep all right?"
Edge nodded and moved to roll up his bedding, noticing that hers was already neatly rolled away. "Been up long?"
"Not very."
Edge cast her a glance, but she couldn't tell what he was thinking from the quick look. "Everything all right?"
Tears jumped to the surface--she couldn't understand why--and she swallowed them back. "Yep." Her voice sounded a little watery, though.
"Sure?"
Rydia stood with a tight smile and moved to grab her bedroll. "No, but it's still early. I'm not a morning person."
"Dee?"
Rydia peeked at him. Her hands tightened on the strap of her bedroll. "Yeah?"
"You need to talk about something?"
"Yes and no."
Like usual, Edge understood. "You just let me know when you're ready."
Rydia nodded as she kicked some dirt over the much-dead coals of the fire. She also picked up her whip from where it rested on the log. "I will. Promise."
Edge remained still a moment longer. Then he stood and slung his bedroll over his shoulder before checking his gear. That done, he stepped closer to rest his hand gently on her shoulder. She looked up in mild surprise, returning his smile after a slight hesitation.
"Come on," Edge said softly. "Let's go."
Rydia nodded and fell into step beside him. She could still feel the warmth of his touch through the fabric of her dress long after he dropped his hand to his side. Has he done that before? No, he hadn't. Does it mean anything? Sure. Why not? Edge wasn't one to do something like that without meaning anything by it . . . is he? Then again, what about all the flirtation between them on a regular basis? Maybe it all meant something then? Rydia took in a calming breath as she adjusted her grip on the coiled whip.
"You expecting trouble?"
Rydia glanced to Edge in surprise. "What?"
He gestured to her white knuckled clasp on the whip. "You look like you're getting ready to fight someone. I hope I didn't do something. It's a little early for that."
She flushed "Sorry" and tied the whip to the belt of her gown. "Just a little tense this morning."
"I noticed."
"Lots of stuff to think about."
Edge nodded. "I noticed that, too."
"You've been noticing a lot of things this morning." Rydia shot him a quick glance in an attempt to gauge his reaction. Like usual, she couldn't tell what he thought or felt. Drat. "Congratulations."
He chuckled. "Nah. Don't bother. I'm just not as dense this morning, is all. I slept great."
You certainly did . . . . "That's good. It's always nice when we can have a restful night's sleep."
His smile faded as he looked over at her. "Didn't you?" Edge's question was laced with concern. She caught his gaze and smiled, inviting a return from him before he shifted his focus back down the trail. "Just checking."
"I always sleep good when you're around," she said, giggling. It was the truth, too.
Edge raised an eyebrow but didn't meet her gaze. "What is that supposed to mean?"
"Just what I said."
"Hm."
Rydia pushed at him with her shoulder. Laughter tickled the air. "Oh stop it, you big goof ball."
Edge pushed back, and his hand lingered on her arm. "I'm not a goof ball," he protested. "Just misunderstood."
Warm seriousness tingled within as she watched his handsome face. "I understand you, Edge. Almost always have."
One side of his lips tilted upward as he gently nudged Rydia's arm with his elbow. "I know, Dee, and I like that about us."
She took in a deep breath--persuaded herself it was courage--and wrapped her arms around his. She'd seen Rosa do it once to Cecil . . . . "So do I."
"You think that will change? Ever?" Thoughtfulness softened Edge's voice and, a moment later, he brought his hand across to gently stroke hers resting within the crook of his elbow.
Rydia shook her head, dropping her gaze to the path at her feet. "I hope not." Edge nodded in silent agreement. "I want us to be close forever. I like being able to talk to you. I like how we can be honest and . . . and real around each other. I like how we understand each other." She peeked at him, meeting his gaze, and halted. "I guess I never told you that, Edge. I really treasure your friendship. You know? Every hard thing you've ever said which got me to admit something to myself. Every silent night you spent listening to me vent about something that bothered me. Every time you seemed to know when to say something and when to just be quiet. You've been more of a friend to me than anyone I've ever known. I just want to say ‘thank you'."
She forced herself to hold his gaze, examining his features and those wonderful eyes while wishing he could somehow let her know what he thought about her. Hoping against hope that he could give her some clue as to whether she had a single chance of being an important part of his life. But he didn't say a word. He just stared down at her, probing her features as closely as she did his. Finally, she gave him a hesitant smile and stood on tiptoes to place a soft kiss on his cheek.
Red dusted his cheeks and ears once she pulled away. "Thanks, Dee. And, well, you're welcome." He regarded her with an odd and guarded expression. "Nobody's ever said anything like that to me before. Not like that. I don't know what to say--Actually, yes I do."
"You do?"
"Yeah." Edge smirked. "Believe it or not, I didn't ever have a lot of friends while growing up. They said I had a bad attitude."
"I remember."
He turned away, looping his thumbs on his belt as he stared down at the lush greenery underfoot. "I guess I do have an attitude, but . . ." he shot her a glance, "but you never let it get to you. You accept it, like everyone else in our little group. I learned a lot about life from you and the others, but I learned what it meant to be friends from you." Rydia flushed as he continued. "I got through my parents' death because you understood what I went through. I guess the others did, but not like you. You seemed to know what to say and when to say it. Idiot that I am, I never said thank you."
She smiled. "Well, we were kind of busy."
Lips curved in a smirk, he inclined his head. "Yeah. I guess we were." Then his smile wavered, his eyes darkening with an odd seriousness. "But you were never too busy to be there. You were never too busy to make sure I was all right with everything." She lowered her gaze, kicking at a puff of a weed. "Thanks, Dee. For everything. Don't change. You got that?"
Rydia raised her eyes to send him her most charming smile. "I got it."
He took her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. "Come on. Let's get going."
Rydia was so afraid to lose the moment that she almost said ‘no'. But when they turned and began walking toward Baron again, Edge continued holding her hand. He even gave it another squeeze every once and a while, as if he needed to prove it was still there. In his grasp. Rydia worried her lower lip as she stared at the lush grass and fragrant flowers that tickled her ankles. What step am I supposed to take now?
She had no idea.

~@~

Edge didn't know what to do or say. For the first time in his life he was at a loss for words. He knew that whatever he did say wouldn't be taken the wrong way because she wasn't like that. If Rydia didn't understand what he meant, she'd ask. Point blank. If she thought he'd gone too far in his teasing, she'd tell him. Straight out. She was feisty. She always had been.
 Edge felt the warmth in his right hand increase and squeezed. Oh yeah. I still have her hand. Should I let go? But he didn't want to. He liked how it felt. Liked how it made him feel to have it. He couldn't explain it. Didn't even want to try. What if she wants it back? He cleared his throat, but didn't risk a glance. He figured that if she wanted it back she'd take it. Hadn't he just told himself that was the type of girl she was?
Girl.
Girl?
Edge shook his head, immediately noticed Rydia's glance, and clenched his jaw. No. She's no girl. She's a beautiful young woman who makes me feel like a real person. He'd tell her, when the moment was right. He'd kiss her, too. He'd always wanted to, but the moment had never been . . . never been right. He didn't want her to slap his face. But she just kissed me . . . didn't she?
He squeezed her hand again, without really meaning to, and felt a little better when her hand returned his pressure. She could probably tell that he was thinking about something, hard. She'd always been like that. Seemed to read his mind sometimes. It's unnerving, but . . . but I like it. It made her easier to talk to. Of course, from the first moment he'd seen her he'd seemed to trip over his tongue to have a reason to speak to her. Always saying stupid things to get her to smile. Or plucking at her temper so that he could have those flashing eyes aimed at him and that cute mouth lashing him with so many words--
Edge felt the heat rising and cleared his throat. Cool it. You're going to make an ass of yourself. But he didn't really care. He'd made a fool of himself plenty of times, always in front of her and those eyes that didn't miss a thing. He was damned lucky to have her there, and he didn't want to lose that. I'll propose in Baron. I'll have Cecil be best man. Rosa can help Rydia . . . well, help her do whatever she'll need help with.
"Ouch."
Edge gave a startled twitch and blinked at her. She rubbed at the hand he finally released. His face flamed. "Did I hurt you? Here, let me see." He took her hand in both of his and gently touched the red sections where he squeezed too hard. His throat tightened as his stomach fell to the soles of his feet. "Man, Dee. I'm sorry."
Rydia smiled, hesitantly, rubbing at his arm with her free hand. "Hey, it's all right. No blood. No broken bones." She examined her hand still clasped in his. "Makes me wonder what you were thinking about, though."
She peeked at him from beneath those lush lashes, but Edge couldn't meet her gaze. All he could do was stare down at her little hand, at all the red marks he'd given her, and wonder what in the world he was doing there with her. A little spark of panic scorched his insides as he continued to stare at the marks. It was the first time he'd hurt her. He didn't like how it felt. What if I do it again? I never want to do that!
Edge dropped her hand suddenly and turned away, striding toward Baron. He could feel Rydia's shocked gaze, and moments later heard her call out "Edge? Edge, wait." He did, without even thinking about it. Then he clenched his jaw and balled his fists. She'll ask. You know she will. She'll ask what's wrong. She'll look at you with those big eyes, stare right into who you are, and ask what's going on. Then she'll see it. She'll see that you're afraid you'll hurt her again. Maybe she would even see how much he cared.
Edge felt her hand on his arm and tensed. She noticed that, too. Somehow he could tell.
"Edge, what's going on?"
He took in several deep breaths before answering. "Sorry, Dee. I panicked. I've never done anything like that before. It kind of freaked me out."
"Never done what before? Hurt me?" Rydia turned him around, and her hands continued to hold his arms as she peered up at him. "It was an accident. I know that."
She examined his face a moment, and then--much to his surprise--reached a hand up to cup his jaw and caress his cheek with her thumb, her smile as soft as anything he'd seen.
"It's all right," she said, her tone so gentle that it sent shivers and sparks up and down his spine. She lowered her hand. "Really."
Edge clenched and unclenched his hands as he stared down at her. Her lips were tilted upward in that caress of a smile and all he could do was focus on her lips, glistening in the sunlight. Soft. Slightly pink--Edge blinked and cleared his throat as he turned his head away. "Yeah. Right. Sure."
Rydia turned him back to the trail toward Baron, wrapping an arm around his waist to give him a squeeze as they began walking. "I've been hurt worse, Edge. Besides, I didn't mind so much. You seemed to feel better after you gave it a squeeze. It felt nice."
Edge released a slow breath as she let himself drape an arm around her shoulders. Why don't I just tell her and get it over with? Why don't I just kiss her and let the chocobo feathers hit the fan? But something kept telling him it wasn't the right time. Something assured him the trip was important. That they were both taking steps toward something that would make sense soon enough. He needed to be patient a little longer.

~@~

Somehow--Rydia still didn't know how--she got Edge to relax and start to laugh. She almost gave an audible sigh of relief when the panicked expression faded from his eyes and the tension melted from his body. She never saw him like that before. Of course, he'd never accidentally hurt her, either. Rydia had been hurt worse, close to death a couple of times, so the pain hadn't really been a problem. The feel of his hand holding hers, though, and the weird things it did to her insides had been all she'd focused on. I didn't mean to say 'ouch'.
Now, as they laughed and joked about the memories of their shared pasts, Rydia began to wonder if their relationship changed even more. It seemed obvious, but she didn't want to get her hopes up. Then again, what was life without hope? She smiled slightly, enjoying the feel of him beside her, especially when Edge touched her arm with a lingering stroke as he told her something he heard about someone they knew.
Over the past two weeks Rydia had hoped they were both changing. That they were both walking toward one another. Looking at each other in different ways. Looking at the future and seeing something different than what they'd seen just the month before. Now Rydia thought that maybe it was more than a hope. She didn't know how she knew. It was just something she felt. Maybe it was the way Edge looked at her. Maybe it was the way she looked at him. Maybe it was how they seemed to take more of an interest in the little things than they had before. Everything seemed to matter. Isn't love like that?
"This looks like a good place to set camp."
Edge's voice broke in on her mind like a gentle whisper of a cooling spring breeze. Goosebumps rose on her arms as she looked around them with eyes that seemed to view their surroundings for the first time. "You're right."
"You hungry?" Edge set their bedrolls down and looked around them. "I think I remember seeing some tracks leading off in that direction."
"You want me to go with you?" Rydia knew he'd say no.
He smiled. "Nah. You stay here and set up the fire. I'll be back in a few minutes with some dinner."
She nodded and sent Edge a smile. "Right. Be careful."
He grinned. "I'm always careful."
Edge turned and strode away, whistling some melody he'd heard somewhere. Rydia watched him go. Then she sighed and started gathering wood for the fire. So what hurdle am I going to climb over this evening? She had no idea. She'd kissed him--true, it had only been on the cheek, but it was better than nothing. She'd held his hand. She'd been honest about how she enjoyed his company and his friendship. The only thing left was . . . what? Again, she had no idea. She could only follow her instincts.
Rydia cleared her throat and made her way back to the campsite. She set up the stone circle and then the small pile of twigs and moss before casting a low-level Fire spell to ignite it. It smoked to life immediately. She coaxed it to a stronger flame by placing gradually larger pieces of wood on it as it blossomed. Once she believed it strong enough to take care of itself, she sat back and crossed her arms.
She blinked. Could she coax Edge the same way? She shivered and rubbed her arms, looking from the fire-pit toward the area she saw him last. Do I want to do that? Yes, she did. Yet, she didn't. After all, I don't know what to expect. I know what I want, but I'm scared of it at the same time. This was all so new and different from the friendship she'd grown comfortable with. Yet, it was the obvious step forward. One that, after all was said and done, she wanted to take.
Rydia cleared her throat again, startled and a little afraid of the feelings welling up within her young heart. They were strong, new, and more real than anything she'd known. She wanted to protect them. Stay true to them. She didn't want to betray them, just as she didn't want to betray Edge's friendship. Rydia brushed a stray hair from her face and stood to move just out of the firelight. No. That's one thing I won't do.
"Hey there, you. Where you going?"
Rydia smiled as Edge came into view. "Nowhere. Just walking around a bit. I've got a nice fire going."
"Looks like it." He gave her a wink, and his smile twinkled in his clear eyes. "Cheated, didn't you?"
"Of course. I don't rub sticks together." Rydia presented her hands. "I use what I have."
Edge chuckled as Rydia fell into step beside him. "I guess you've got a point. Don't blame you, anyway. It takes too long to do it the old-fashioned way."
"My point exactly." Rydia noticed an odd look cast her direction. Uh-oh. It isn't that obvious what I was thinking about, is it? She had to keep herself from giving a sigh of relief when he didn't say anything. "So, how many more days until Baron?"
"One or two, more than likely. Unless we catch a chocobo."
"Is there a chocobo forest around here?"
Edge gestured to the forest west of their position. "There. It's not exactly in our planned route, but if we caught one we'd make up the difference in no time."
Do I want to lose a day with him all to myself? "Oh."
Edge shot her a wink and smile. "I'm not too crazy about the idea myself."
She blinked at him. "What?"
"Catching a chocobo is hard work. Catching two? I don't know if it's worth the trouble. We've been making pretty good time, and it's been fun."
I couldn't have said it better myself. Rydia smiled. "It has, hasn't it? So, you don't mind if we just keep walking?"
"Nah. Good exercise. Oh yeah. Speaking of exercise." Edge flashed her an impish smile which shot a spark of something fantastic up her spine and to her toes. "I noticed a pond a little ways from here. I thought you might like to take a swim while we wait for dinner to cook."
Rydia enthusiastically nodded as Edge worked on setting their dinner to cook just outside the flames. "That would be wonderful! I feel as if I have a second skin."
Edge laughed. "All right. Well give me a moment . . . all done. I'll take you over there now."
Rydia stood with an eager smile. Her eyes glowed. "Let's go."
He grabbed her hand. "Come on. It's this way."
They hurried through the high grass separating the well-traveled trail from the rest of the wilderness to enter a wooded grove. Birds cooed and called, greeting the duo with beautiful songs of welcome and happiness. Rydia took in the sights around her with a content smile as Edge gently pulled her along. After a while, they entered a small clearing with a center pond.
"Here it is."
"It's gorgeous," she exclaimed. Rydia rushed to the rim of the pond, slipping off her shoes to step in a little way. She shivered and cast a smile over her shoulder to Edge. Her eyes twinkled. "It's perfect." Rydia stepped back from the edge and began unfastening her dress. "This is going to feel so good."
"What are you doing?"
"I'm going in," she told him without turning. Rydia stripped down to her full-body slip, carefully set her dress and shoes where they wouldn't get wet, and then cast another glance to Edge. He stared at her, eyes wide and cheeks flushed. "What's the matter? Aren't you coming?"
"In a minute," he mumbled.
"Well, don't wait too long." She hurried into the water and sounded a shriek. "Brr! It's freezing."
Rydia dived under the glass-like surface of the water, enjoying the crisp feel of it against her skin. It was refreshing, waking every single part of her. It felt glorious! After a few moments of swimming as deep as she could, she bobbed to the surface to find Edge sitting at the rim of the pond watching her with a slight smile.
"You look like a mermaid."
"Don't they have scales?" Rydia asked, laughing. She pushed onto her back and floated around. "And a tail?"
"I don't think it's called a tail."
"Close enough." She rolled over and swam toward him, hovering just far enough out that her feet couldn't touch the floor of the pond. "I thought you wanted to swim?"
"I do, but you . . ." Edge cleared his throat, "you said it was cold."
Rydia giggled. "Oh brother. You knew it was going to be cold. That's the whole point!" She splashed some water toward him. "Come on. It feels great!"
Edge cleared his throat again as he stood, slowly pulling his shirt over the top of his head to place it on top of her dress and shoes. "Fine. If you insist."
Rydia's eyes widened and she took in a quick breath, diving under water when he began untying the belt at his waist. She'd never seen him out of his clothes before . . . . Well, you wanted him to go swimming. How did you expect him to do it? Didn't you strip down to your almost-nothings? Didn't you know he was going to do the same thing? She supposed she hadn't really thought about it. Now that she knew, what was she going to do? I have to relax, that's what I have to do. I know he feels uncomfortable as it is. Why else would he try and talk himself out of it?
She pushed toward the surface, careful to keep her gaze averted from shore, and floated onto her back. Edge was her friend, so she could trust him. She was his friend, so he could trust her. To do what? You're not making sense! And she knew it. She just felt so strange all of a sudden. And she knew why.
"Criminy! It is cold," Edge yelped.
Rydia couldn't help but laugh. "Just swim around a bit. You'll get used to it."
She heard the splash as he dove beneath the surface and took in a slow breath as she guided herself around the small pond. This could be fun if I can just calm down and let myself enjoy it. What happens, happens. She closed her eyes and smiled. Yeah. I can do that. I've done it so far. Right--
Hands grabbed her ankles. Rydia squealed, taking in a quick breath before being pulled under. She kicked and tried to pull herself back to the surface, but the hands wouldn't release her. Instead, they drew her deeper down. She finally gave up the fight, turning toward Edge with a playful frown as he grinned up at her. Rydia doubled over and pulled at his hair. Bubbles escaped his mouth and his hands released her ankles. She immediately pushed away to pull toward the surface and get a quick breath of air.
Edge cleared the surface of the water with a gasp. Then he sounded a maniacal chuckle, hands enclosing her waist and pushing her downward. Rydia gripped them and tried to focus enough to cast a Fire spell, but all she could feel was the firm pressure and growing warmth of his hands through her slip. Rydia wriggled, but his grip was too secure. He dove deeper, closer and closer to the floor of the pond as he held her tight against him.
Rydia clenched her jaw, forcing her mind to focus. A moment later, his hands left her waist and she once again swam toward the surface. This time she aimed more for the shore. She bobbed to the surface and, a moment later, she heard Edge pulling at the water just behind her.
"I'm gonna get you," he called with a mock evil laugh.
"Not if I can help it!"
Her feet touched the pond floor and she lunged forward, fighting against the resistance of the water as she hurried for shore. Almost there. Almost there. Rydia's feet touched the shoreline, but before she could hit full speed, she felt an arm encircle her waist and pull her off balance.
"Edge!" Rydia squealed, and the next thing she knew, she lay on top of him and he blinked up at her.
He cleared his throat and sent her a slight, quirky smile. "Gotcha."
"Yes, you do," she whispered.
She stared down at him, watching the droplets of water twinkle lazy trails down the sides of his face, strangely enraptured by his wet hair and eyelashes. Captivated by the crisp expression in his eyes. Rydia swallowed hard and found herself brushing the wet hair from his forehead.
"I guess I should give you a reward."
Edge's gaze focused on Rydia's lips before slowly making the trip back to her eyes. "I guess so."
The world seemed to slow and then stop as she lowered her head. Edge stopped breathing. Rydia stopped doubting what she felt or what she wanted. She belonged there. Close to him. Her lips brushed against his for the briefest moment, so warm. . . . She closed her eyes at the softness and touched them again. It felt wonderful.
When Rydia's lips left his, she didn't want to open her eyes for fear the dream would fade. She loved the warmth of his arms around her, protecting her. The nearness of him, accepting her. The tickle of his breath in her face--Rydia's thoughts scattered when Edge's lips caressed against hers a third time, so gentle. Then they were gone and only a memory remained.
"Dee, I need to get up." Edge cleared his throat. "Dinner . . . ."
Rydia met his gaze, the luscious shade of an evening shadow. "Edge," she whispered. "I . . . ." But she didn't know how to say what she wanted to say. She finally nodded. "You're right," she said, quiet. "I'm sorry."
The smile returned to Edge's lips, and he caressed her cheek. "Nothing to be sorry for."
Cheeks flushed and heart pounding, she carefully stood.
"You better go check the fire," Edge said in a quiet voice. "Go get yourself dried and wrapped up in a blanket. I'll bring your stuff."
Rydia slightly nodded, her eyes occasionally glancing his direction. She fiddled with her slip a moment before moving toward camp. That wasn't a flirting kiss, she told herself. And she wasn't going to wait much longer to tell him that neither was hers. I just need to say it. No beating around the bush. I know I love him, and I think I deserve to know exactly what he feels for me.
She gave a firm nod.

~@~

Edge released a deep breath as he lay there on the cold ground, staring up at the evening sky. He lightly pounded the ground with the backs of his fist. Damn, she felt good. He closed his eyes, releasing yet another breath. Now what? You don't really think you should wait until you get to Baron to tell her how you feel, do you? Not after that, man.
He brought a hand up to his face. That kiss was a step he hadn't been ready for. A step he hadn't planned on until he knew for sure how she felt. Maybe not even then. Now he didn't know what to do. She probably didn't either. Why did I have to take her swimming? But Edge knew the adventure would make her happy. Why he didn't realize she'd have to strip down to her under-things was beyond him. Maybe I wanted her to. Maybe I wanted to see if she'd actually do something like that in front of me.
Edge pressed his lips together and sat up. Then he released a quick breath, stood, and made his way to the pond's rim to take up his clothes and get dressed. Once he gathered up her dress and shoes, he strode for camp. I have to tell her how I feel. Maybe tomorrow morning? Edge rubbed at his scalp, cursing his stupid idea of taking her swimming.
When he got to camp, Rydia had set herself up in front of the fire, wrapped in a blanket as requested, and had rescued the blackened--but not burnt--dinner from the fire's edge. Edge's chest tightened at the slight frown on her face. Then she heard him approaching and looked up to give him a smile. He smiled back, nearly floating with relief.
"All dry?" he asked.
Rydia nodded and accepted her dress and shoes from him. "Nice and cozy."
Edge was a little surprised when Rydia gestured for him to sit close beside her, but he did. Then they talked about how good it was going to be to see Cecil and Rosa again as they prepared their meal. They ate it in content silence while occasionally catching the other's gaze and offering a smile. Then Edge cleaned up as Rydia dressed. After that, she helped him bury the garbage so it wouldn't attract scavengers and they both set up their bedrolls.
Rydia set hers up first, and then she let him know she was going to gather more wood for the fire. He stared down at her unrolled bedding. Well, do I set up mine beside hers like I did before? He hadn't thought about it the night before. After all, he'd been used to having everyone gathered around the fire and sleeping next to whoever had a space free. Was it such a good idea now? Edge frowned suddenly and set up his bedroll. You're thinking too much. Chill, man.
Edge laid down, putting his arms behind his head as he stared up at the stars. They shimmered down at him just as intently as he stared at them. It was as if they were waiting for his next decision. He closed his eyes and put an arm over them with a deep breath.
"You all right?" Rydia's voice sounded mildly concerned as she stacked the wood at the foot of Edge's bedroll.
"Just tired, I guess. It's been a long couple of days."
"But it's been fun," she said as she stretched out on the mat beside him. She covered herself with her blanket. "I don't mind the long days."
Edge smiled. At that particular moment he didn't want to meet her gaze. It was bad enough he could smell her and feel the warmth of her right there--"Tell me if you get too cold. I'll let you use my blanket."
"Thanks, Edge. I'm sure I'll be fine."
After a while Rydia's breathing deepened. Edge lowered his arm from his face and turned to watch her. She rolled onto her side, wrinkling her nose as she slept, and a slight frown knitting her eyebrows. Edge smiled. Her hand rested scant inches from him, and he shifted his gaze to stare at her delicate fingers. How in the world do such dainty things manifest the power I've seen her use? It was her natural gift. A gift she knew how to use wisely.
Edge cleared his throat and then, much to his surprise, followed an urge that welled up within him. He reached out and tenderly caressed her palm with a single finger. Rydia's fingers twitched and closed moments before pulling her hand back toward her. His eyes twinkled as he rested his temple against his fist.
Her lips had slightly parted and a lock of hair rested on her lower lip. He stretched out a hand and tucked it behind her ear as he'd so often seen her do. His touch didn't wake her. Did I want it to? Edge pressed his lips together and lay back to stare up at the stars. They blinked back at him. What would I have done had she opened her eyes? Do I believe we're ready for that step? He released a deep breath. No. She doesn't know how I feel. When she knows that . . . maybe. Probably?
Edge closed his eyes for a moment, and then he turned onto his side once more to watch her. He liked watching her. Always have. Always will. There was something dramatic about her. Something innocent yet sophisticated. Rydia was fragile, yet she had a tough spirit that didn't shirk responsibility. She was gorgeous, yet seemingly oblivious to the fact. Rydia was intriguing inside and out. That was what he'd always felt about her. Probably always will.
She adjusted her position, again stretching her hand out in front of her. Edge's gaze drifted to it and he hesitantly reached out to enfold it in a gentle grasp. Her fingers tightened around his hand, but she didn't pull away. Neither did she open her eyes or give any hint she knew what happened. Her frown lessened and her lips tilted upward slightly, but her breathing remained deep and steady.
Edge sighed and caressed the back of that hand with his thumb. He felt guilty stealing snatches of touches like this and kisses like before, especially when she didn't realize how he felt. It was just so hard to resist. It was hard enough not to wrap her up in his arms and hold her close. Now that he knew how it felt to hold her, Edge was proud of the fact all he held was her hand.
Cecil had warned him about this, and he had believed him, too. Maybe that's why he wasn't shocked or terrified of what he did. Of what he planned to do. He'd spoken to Cecil about it almost a month before. Asked his advice. Asked for suggestions. Asked for things to say that wouldn't give her the wrong idea. Cecil, like usual, had been understanding and eager to help.
Now, as he felt her beside him and could smell the fresh scent of innocence that seemed to follow her everywhere she went . . . he realized the next couple of days would be a challenge. A challenge to keep his distance while stepping closer when the time was right. It was happening. He could feel it. Their friendship was growing. Blossoming into something he wanted more than a rebirth of Eblan. He wanted her.
Her grip on his hand tightened as she took in a quick breath before softly whispering "Edge."
Edge's smile widened. "I'm right here, Dee."
Rydia's lips smiled, her face aglow. Edge watched the transformation in quiet amazement. Then he released a slow breath and closed his eyes. Her hand in his calmed him to sleep.

~@~

Rydia opened her eyes with a yawn and turned onto her back to stretch as long as she could.
"Good morning, sleeping beauty. You awake enough for breakfast?"
She rolled over to give Edge a sleepy smile. He finished up the duty of cooking breakfast. "Good morning."
"Sleep well enough?" Edge asked.
Rydia smiled as she stretched under the blanket again. "Yes. Thank you." Of course I slept well. I dreamt about you from the moment my eyes closed. "What about you?" She peeked at him and noticed a silly half-smile.
"Oh yeah," he said.
Rydia arched an eyebrow. "What's the silly smile for?"
He chuckled as he tested their breakfast. "Silly smile? Me?"
"Yes, you."
Edge shook his head. "It wasn't a silly smile, Dee. It was a content one. I slept great."
"Hm."
Edge laughed, and Rydia smiled. She liked his laugh. Always had. It was deep and genuine, bubbling up from inside him as if it came straight from his heart. It tickled her insides with affection and twinkled in her eyes. Yes. She liked his laugh. It was genuinely contagious. "I'm glad you slept good."
Edge kept smiling. "Come on. You need to get up and eat your breakfast."
"Give me another couple of minutes."
He glanced at her. "Why? What are you going to do?"
"Just lie here," she told him with another yawn.
"Sorry. Not acceptable. You've got to get up and get the blood flowing." Edge stood and came to stand over her, offering her a hand to help her stand. "Come on. I'll help."
Rydia put off the blanket before reaching up and taking his hand. He pulled her up without a problem and vigorously rubbed her upper arms. Giggling, she nearly passed out when Edge pulled her into a tight hug. Instead, she closed her eyes and adjusted her arms around him, pressing her cheek against his chest. The embrace felt glorious, comforting, peaceful and a million other things. To put it simply, she felt safe. Rydia had always felt that when with Cecil, and later also with Rosa and Yang. Edge had been a different kind of safe. One that she really liked.
Edge rested his cheek on the crown of her head as his arms slightly loosened. She snuggled closer, hearing the responding content sigh from Edge. The sigh made Rydia do something she never thought she would. She opened her eyes, pulled from Edge enough to gaze up at him--those crisp eyes she loved so much--and then stood on tiptoes to kiss him.
It wasn't a sisterly kiss, or a timid kiss, or a friendly kiss. Rydia kissed Edge so he wouldn't have a shadow of a doubt how she felt about him. The kiss showed how much she cared. She kissed him with all of her, so that he would ask the question that led to the confession she wanted to make.
When Edge's mouth responded in kind, Rydia's heart soared.
But then Edge sounded a heart-breaking groan and pulled away, pushing back to hold her at arm's length. Rydia watched his face with wide eyes, but he wouldn't look at her.
"Dee." Edge cleared his throat, still staring at the ground as he gave a brief shake of his head. "No. We can't do this."
Rydia examined his face, that handsome face that could be so expressive and serious and innocent and infuriating, and then brought her hands up to hold it. Edge closed his eyes.
"Why not?" she whispered.
"Dee, please."
Rydia moved closer, caressing his face with her thumbs, watching his expression with wide eyes, trying to understand why he couldn't love her. "Edge," she whispered, "why not?"
His hands on her arms tightened slightly as he opened his eyes to meet hers. "You're my best and closest friend--"
Rydia caressed his lips with hers once again and, after a brief moment, Edge responded as before, encouraging her hope that he didn't want to just be friends.
Then he pushed away again. "Oh gods. I can't. I can't do this, Dee." And he released her arms to turn away.
"Edge, wait!" Rydia stumbled forward to take hold of his arm when he tried to move further from her. He gazed down at her with a pained expression, his body tense and ready to run. "Please don't go."
He backed away, his hand attempting to free his arm from her grasp. "I have to. It's not fair to you. I . . . ."
Tears ran freely down Rydia's face. "You're the best thing that's happened to me, Edge. Do you think I'm going to give that up?"
"I'm not asking you to give anything up," Edge pleaded. "Just let me walk away. I need to cool off." He gripped her arms suddenly, giving her a slight shake. Her eyes widened as she took in a quick breath. "Damn it, Rydia, if I don't back off, I'll do something I might regret! You deserve more than that."
Rydia violently loosed herself from his grasp to take hold of his face. Edge's hands enfolded her wrists, but they didn't pull her touch away. "I don't care what you think I deserve."
Edge closed his eyes. "Dee."
She choked back a sob as she again shook her head. "Edge, I want you." She sniffed. "I love you."
He blinked, staring down at her with wide eyes--his hands cupped her face and he kissed her, hard. Rydia moved closer, her arms tightening around him. "I can't believe this is happening," he mumbled against her lips. "You love me. You love me." He pulled Rydia so close that his warmth seemed to radiate clear through her. "I'm an idiot, Dee. I'm sorry." He kissed her trembling lips, and then he kissed her again and again.
Rydia burst into tears against his mouth. "I love you so much, Edge. Don't marry anyone else but me! Please don't leave me alone! I don't want to lose my friend."
He caressed her neck with his kisses. "You won't lose me, Dee. Ever. This is where I want to be," he whispered. "Baron can wait. Eblan will still be there in the morning. For right now, I want to be here. With you. Everything else just doesn't matter." Her sobs deepened, shaking her shoulders and wetting his shirt as she pressed her face against him. "Please don't cry." Edge tenderly stroked her back.
Rydia's sobs softened to only the occasional sniff as she adjusted her arms around him.
Edge kissed her forehead. "We're both not very bright, are we? We should have just told each other months ago, instead of dancing around the issue like a bunch of moogles."
Her arms tightened around him. "I didn't know how. I didn't want to make you think that you had to feel the same way."
"Rydia . . . ." Edge pulled back, caressing the tears from her cheeks as he cupped her face. "Dee, didn't you know I'd been wild about you from the first? Why else would I say all those things? Did you see me like that with anyone else? Ever?"
Rydia covered his hands with hers. "I didn't know what to think about anything. I'd been raised by summon monsters, Edge. What did I know about men and what they did when they liked someone?"
He gazed down at her with a smile. "I guess I should have known that." He kissed her again, twice. "We better eat breakfast," he whispered as he pressed his lips against her cheek.
She caressed his face. "I want to stay here. Like this. Please."
Edge released a slow breath, enfolding her in his arms again. "We need to talk about some things, Dee. I'd rather do it on a full stomach on our way to Baron. That way we can both focus better."
Rydia nodded against him. "All right," she whispered.
They separated, albeit reluctantly, and sat opposite each other across from the fire. Between each bite that they couldn't taste, their gazes would meet and they would smile. Then either Rydia or Edge would release a sigh and shift their gaze back to their breakfast. Finally, they finished their breakfast and cleaned up. Edge rolled up her bedroll as well as his, and then helped her into the strap that allowed her to carry it comfortably. Rydia watched him with a constant smile, and then her eyes crinkled at the corners when he met her gaze.
Edge took hold of her hand, giving it a gentle squeeze as they headed toward Baron again. "Rydia."
She glanced toward him, still smiling with a silly expression of happiness, and gave his hand a squeeze. "Yes?" If it was possible, her voice held a caress.
His lips twitched. "When I was done talking to Cecil in Baron, I was going to ask you to marry me."
Rydia gasped and halted to throw her arms around him with an ecstatic "Oh, Edge!"
He chuckled. Then, when she made a motion to kiss him, he kept her at arm's length. "No, Dee," he told her gently. "Not yet."
"But--"
"I know, but let me finish." He hesitantly released his hands from her shoulders. Then he again took her hand and headed for Baron. "I . . . I don't know if I should wait or not."
"Wait? Why? For what?"
"For Eblan to be built. Right now it's just a bunch of ruined rooms that's barely recognizable as a castle. It wouldn't be right to have a new bride there." Edge peeked toward her again. His eyes seemed to beg her to understand. "I guess I know you wouldn't care one way or the other because you'd let me know right between the eyes if you did. But I'd care. Eblan isn't fit to be the home I want it to be for you. When I take you home, I want it to actually be home for you and for me."
Rydia lowered her gaze, absently tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. "Anywhere you are would be enough, Edge. You know that."
"Yes, I do."
"I want to help you fix it. You know that too."
He nodded as he looked at the trees in the far distance. "Yep."
"What you probably don't know is that I haven't had a home since I was a child. Understandably, that makes me want yours no matter what it looks like." Rydia met Edge's gaze. "The last home I had was Mist. I haven't been back since it was destroyed. It might have been fixed up, but I don't want to find out. The memory of my mother being killed there is too much."
His face twisted with a shadow of her agony as she continued. "I want to help you build your home again, because I want it to be mine too. But . . . can't I do that as your wife? Please? Building a home is going to be hard because you're going to have to face death. You're going to have to face good memories and bad memories. I don't want you to do that alone. I want to be there each night for you to hold. I want to be there to give you strength for another day of facing memories."
Edge halted, smiling down at her for a long silent moment before reaching out to hold her face. "When you say it like that . . . ."
Rydia covered his hands with hers. "I want to get married in Eblan, Edge. In the little chapel. Just you and me and Cecil and Rosa. Please? I've always dreamed that's where it'd happen."
"For you?" Edge pulled her into a tight embrace. "For you, anything."
Rydia snuggled deeper into his arms. "Can we have lots of kids?"
Edge chuckled, pressing his lips against her hair. "How many do you want?"
"As many as you want." She closed her eyes with a deep sigh. "Four? Six? I don't care."
He caressed her arm. "For you? Anything."
"I love you, Edge. I don't know when it started, but I know it'll never stop."
He pushed slightly back. When Rydia met his gaze, tears glistened in their crisp depths. "We're forever, Dee. All right? No matter what happens, we'll be forever."
Rydia mutely nodded, a tear escaping her own eyes. "I promise."
Edge's lips lifted in a wavering smile as he touched her lips with his. "I love you, Dee."


Epilogue
Edge and Rydia had written their own vows.
It wasn't done very often, sometimes frowned upon by the church, but they had been adamant. They had specific things which needed to be said, and who better to say it then them? So, the small group of four gathered in the church amidst the scaffolds and tarps, waiting in front of the cleric who'd been chosen to perform the ceremony as he reiterated the blessings of marriage.
Rydia wore a simple gown of the palest green--her favorite color, after all. Ivory and green ribbons and intricately woven garlands of pale flowers decorated her hair and matched the decorations woven into the hem and cuffs of her dress. Edge was dressed in full Eblan regalia. Pale gray with red and dark-blue highlights with tassels hanging from the end of his sheathed weapons.
The couple, as they stood so silent and awe-struck, was beautiful. Cecil and Rosa held tightly onto the other's hand as they watched their friends' blossomed feelings come full-circle.
Edge recited his vows first.
"When I first saw you, you were standing just behind Rosa's shoulder. You looked a little scared. Concerned, more than anything else. That grabbed my attention more than the fact that you were so pretty. Later, after I got to know you a little better, I noticed something else about you. You were real. You listened. You heard. You were compassionate. Yet you were open about what you thought, especially when I was out of line."
He paused, taking in a deep breath as he looked down at her hands in his. "It made me feel special. It made me care about something besides revenge. I wanted to protect you. I'd never felt that about anyone before." Edge raised his gaze from her hands and looked into her eyes. "I've never been more sure of anything in my life: I love you. I want to take care of you."
The cleric smiled in approval and then changed his focus to Rydia. Silence was her only response to Edge's vows. She simply gazed up at him in amazement and wonder as an occasional tear escaped the corner of her eyes. After another silent moment, the cleric cleared his throat and pulled a kerchief from the sleeve of his tunic. He handed it to her with an understanding smile. Rydia looked over at the cleric with a sudden glance of realization and took the kerchief with a hesitant reach.
She dabbed at the corner of her eyes and then looked back toward Edge. She reached up to caress his cheek. "I love you so much." Her voice drifted.
There they stood. Silence carrying their vows one to the other. Promises spoken soul to soul. The cleric watched their expressions for a moment and then placed his hand on each of their shoulders. They blinked as one and shifted their eyes to him.
"I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride."
 Edge pulled her tenderly into his arms. His lips touched first one cheek, and then the other. Then their eyes met and they shared a caress of a smile.
The End

Eblan Mist 
The Mist has come to Eblan
settling over to protect
to comfort
to hold Eblan within its veil

We walk within its secrets
talking of futures and pasts
to laugh
to grow closer within the other

Now my Mist has come to Eblan
her arms surround to protect
to comfort
to hold this Eblan within her veil.

1
A Hero's Destiny
(f.k.a. The Story)


ONE
Entry of the Seeking

Silence.
Silver-blue eyes intensified their study of the man in dark, heavy scale armor. Tall and muscular, his movements belied his stature as he disembarked a rickety wagon, brought to the foot of the mountain by a local farmer and the promise of the coin now exchanging hands. The farmer offered the man enthusiastic thanks for the bulging purse now in his hands, yet the stranger made no response, his silence setting the farmer somewhat on his heels. Once the traveler retrieved his pack and formidable lance from the wagon he bid the farmer a simple farewell and turned to regard the face of her mountain.
Mount Ordeals.
His helmet blocked his countenance from view, but nothing could shield the stoic chill of his soul from her senses. This silence is what now gave her pause. Sera tilted her head as she adjusted her hold on the intricately carved staff of white oak. A gifted White Mage whom studied alongside the greats such as Rosa, new queen of Baron, since a young age, she amazed all with her talents and intuitions.
Now she proudly bore the pure white robe and hood of her station, dedicating herself to leading those searching Mount Ordeals for the path to their destiny and future. Even now she stood concealed within the shadows of the forest at the base of the mountain. Watching. Studying the intensity of this man of armor and . . . Silence.
To Sera, silence had long since become a treasured occurrence. As an Oracle of the White Order, she could feel emotions and hear thoughts as if woven by her own soul. She could view all histories of those seeking their new path. But this man. This man of war . . . . This stranger kept both history and future shrouded behind a cold surface--a wall of granite which felt jagged to the delicate touch of her senses.
A slight frown knit together winged eyebrows of pale caramel. A frown of intrigue and concern heightened the pure ethereal beauty of what seemed a sculptured face. A man of war should have burned with the experience of his age. The ice of hardness and distance of those witnessed miseries should have coated his soul and heart. This man was silence, and it hinted to the heat and chill hidden beyond the wall she could not pass.
That he served as a knight of some distant realm was clear by his armor and the lance held in an easy grasp. The weapon towered over him, though he himself must have stood taller than a great many men. The helmet upon his head contributed to his fearsome appearance. Two dragonlike wings of metal spread back from each side, and a black mane of horsehair cascaded down from the highest portion of the helmet. It was this which now tickled a distant memory of a band of honorable men in the distant realm of Baron.
The knight stepped forward, each heavy step along the path of her mountain reverberating through her soul as icy blades and a crash of boulders. The peace upon her features did not ripple as she regarded each rumble against her calm. These histories were entrenched within him. So deep, in fact, a wave of concern cascaded from her, buffeting against that wall to be swallowed by the silence.
Another soul farther up the mountain path beckoned for her attention. Sera gathered the fullness of her white robe, her eyes unable to venture from the knight’s shadowed countenance hidden beneath the dark helmet. Many months would pass before she saw him again, for the wandering of the mountain paths stood as the first challenge to his quest for answers.
‘Welcome to Mons Animae, anima questio. Your destiny awaits you. Persevere and it shall have you.’

~*~*~

The knight prepared his meal of stew over a carefully contained fire. The flames crackled and popped, unconcerned of his stoic distance.
Such silence, Sera. Have you experienced such from a man of war before this time?
Yet again she stood concealed within the shadows of the forest upon Mount Ordeals, studying the aura of this man of armor and silent intensity. After so many months, his soul should have opened to her viewing, his miseries sounding as a distant gong--but there came nothing but utter silence, his soul still hidden behind the granite hardness of his own making.
Sera smoothed her hand over the pearl-like orb at the apex of her staff. The fist-sized jewel glimmered and hummed as it enhanced her innate abilities, strengthening her perception and discernment as she again studied the wall within the man’s mind. It felt stronger than when she first discovered it upon his arrival at Mount Ordeals so many months before. Now it stood less chiseled and more smooth. Less forced and more natural. It didn't bulge with the weight of his experience pressing behind it. It stood more as a sentinel to . . . protect?
Sera's expression grew thoughtful. 'You have done well these months alone,' she gently intoned. 'The calm and control are more natural for you.' His countenance did not alter, though her soul sought to speak directly to his. If he continued his daily journeys, he may one day become aware of her presence enough to hear her.
She reached out with her essence to touch the wall, noticing the man's pause and lift of head. 'Does the peace evade you yet?' She studied the wall, hand still resting upon it as she also watched his external self. 'What keeps you returning here? What ordeal have you yet to face and--'
The man stood, his searching gaze narrowed as he examined his surroundings with deliberate and slow movements. The wall began to pulse, as a heartbeat.
Sera lowered her hand. 'Forgive me, vir bellator. I did not intend to invade. Your silence intrigues, and I search only for a way to listen to what it voices.'
The man's seeking gaze slowed and then halted at her position, though Sera knew he could not see her. As part of the journey of seeking a new future, she always kept her presence shielded until their soul deemed itself ready to view her. It was an importance aspect of their spiritual journey, to listen and see with a different portion of themselves. Today was not his time, so she would remain hidden.
But that he had found her location . . . .
A smile caressed Sera's lips. 'Sleep well, vir bellator, for I know the silence will speak at the end of your journey. You must prepare yourself for the story it waits to confess.' She studied him a moment longer and then turned to vanish, not noticing the man's step her direction.

~*~*~

The presence vanished.
Kain, Dragoon of Baron, halted his step, still feeling the lingering of something just beyond his sense. A voice heard, yet not. That dulcet tone grew clearer after each journey to the summit of Mount Ordeals, after each exercise in control and separation from the chaos. So he would never again be controlled. So the voices would no longer decide his actions.
The forest drew his continued focus a moment longer before he turned to the warmth of the fire and his meager supper. The voice and presence here resonated differently than the remembered oppressive and wicked chill of Golbez and Zeromus. The voice of Mount Ordeals held warmth, perhaps even a gentleness--a peace which beckoned him again to the paths of Mount Ordeals in search.
Kain crouched before the fire, submerging himself beneath the soothing calm, distant from the harping questions and the ache for peace. Peace had been so long absent from his heart that the call could not be ignored. The answer waited somewhere along the mountain paths and, one day, he would find its entrance.
He exhaled deeply, pushing himself to his feet though exhaustion dug at the strength in his very marrow. Retrieving his lance from its resting place ever near his grasp, he once more began his evening regime of defense and attack.
The constancy and familiarity of the weapon in his hand, the sweat beading upon his brow, and the burning of the muscles of shoulders and arms served as his one comfort. Yet even that brought with it impressions of memories tucked within. Visions he would not welcome to the light of his memory.
How did Cecil, the new king, put the wickedness of his history aside? Why did peace and contentment ring in his voice when Kain could hear only the taut pang of rage in his own speech? He leaned hard against his lance, his hold white-knuckled. What test did Cecil face when he himself journeyed to this same mountain so many years before? The summit drew Kain's gaze, his jaw aching as poignant as the longing burning in his breast.



TWO
A Definition of Silence

Sera's slipper-covered feet whispered as she followed the man of war's stoic and deliberate progression. Each morning, well before dawn, he packed his camp and began the journey along the more dangerous paths of Mount Ordeals. A week had passed since her last viewing of his soul, a listening to his heart's hum of determination. This man's search would not be denied. He waited. He watched. He listened, as she, with resolve to an end purpose. Searching within and without. Yet within his soul there remained a vast portion still removed from her.
Sealed.
Stagnant.
Sera lifted a hand to the orb upon her staff, again focusing her inner-self to the wall awaiting study. Many had fallen to her ministrations as Oracle of Mount Ordeals. None stood so complete and resilient against her, muting her to the need she knew lingered just beyond. This caused Sera's mounting desire to discover another way to speak direct to his soul. Her heart ached with yearning, urging her to find a way beyond the silence to the questions. 'Are you ready, vir bellator?' She willed the question toward him, this soul who lingered so stoic and resolved.
His steps slowed.
'Is your soul ready to hear the truth it has sought?' Sera reached out a hand to touch the wall of his soul, tender as she probed this face of protection and distance.
The knight halted.
'What is this wall? What is this creator of silence? Is this for self or others?' Sera caressed her hand along its face, willing him to feel her presence and hear her voice. 'This is your first question. The first Truth to be faced and revealed.'
An intensity reverberated from the wall then, a shift within the silence and a change in the very definition of the wall. A door appeared beneath Sera's hand as the man of war lowered his pack from his shoulders and crouched, eyes closed as his hands gripped the blue-steel lance with white-knuckled intensity. Sera thoughtfully considered the door--it stood sturdy, like blackened iron, though a handle encouraged entry.
'Do you not have an answer to this question, vir bellator? Do you require help to find it?' Sera regarded him, but his quiet remained even as he released a deep breath. The door creaked open, its hinges groaning against the effort. A smile caressed her rose lips. 'I am honored at your trust.' She gently pressed the door closed once more. 'You are not yet ready for this complete revelation of self.'
A slight frown creased his brow, only just visible behind the massive helmet of dragon wing and horse hair. The door opened yet again.
'Patience, anima questio. First you must seek the answer to the Truth I asked of you.' Sera again pushed the door firmly shut, the thunk of the latch echoing beyond its sturdy frame. Her touch lingered. 'What is the definition of this silence? Is it for self or for others? This answer is the key to the next. Search it out and remember.' Sera removed her hand and distanced herself from--
"Wait." His voice and a pull called her essence back. "How did you know?"
A smile caressed Sera's delicate features, tempering the appearance of un-natural age and wisdom. 'I know many things, anima questio. Which of these answers do you seek?'
"How did you know . . . if you trespassed beyond the wall, I would have sought to destroy you."
Her countenance softened, and she again rested a hand upon the face of the wall. 'Such utter quiet offers many answers. I have but to listen and search. As you do. As all who come to this mountain.' Thoughtful regard followed her statement. Sera removed her touch and once again turned her spirit from him.
"Please," the voice and pull came again. "What . . . who are you?"
Sera hesitated, intrigued as a caress of wind from her mountain tickled her senses. 'I am the guide to the answers you seek.'
The knight straightened, actions slow as if he held the world's burden upon his shoulders. He then shifted his position to stare directly toward her, though she knew her presence remained concealed within the forest. "I am--"
'You are anima questio, searching soul. Past histories are unseen on this mountain. Only futures are discovered. Only answers to questions which lead there.' Sera extended her sense to envision a gentle touch upon his head. The man's expression warped to restrained agony, the wave of such burning across her senses inviting a hushed prayer for his torment to ease. 'Search the answer for the question given, vir bellator. Search and remember.'
The knight stared into the forest for a long moment. Then he simply gathered his pack and once again made his way toward the summit. Stoic. Deliberate. Almost without hope of an end to his questing.
Sera watched after him, a single eyebrow arched toward her hairline of golden caramel waves. For a distinct moment it appeared he could see her within the lush foliage of her forest retreat. His eyes . . . they had altered in their perception as they met hers. Is he so soon nearing the questions? Only Mount Ordeals could truly know the answer, and the mountain had not yet whispered of his destiny.
There continued only silence.
Her hands enfolded the coolness of her staff as she rested her weight upon it, the jewel glowing as she sought a sweet wind which would soon reveal his path.

~*~*~

Evening came and the knight yet again positioned himself beside the fire. As in nights past, he tended to the upkeep of his lance and the roiling bubble of his game stew. To Sera, his soul and mind stared in on itself, retrospective and listening. Intensely seeking. However, unlike other evenings when she gauged his progress, this night his focus drifted to her location within the forest shadows. She had not yet spoken to his mind nor his soul. Nor had she placed hand upon the wall, or even sought it out. No part of her touched his silence, yet he repeatedly glanced toward her position, an odd rumble resonating within the still air.
The man doffed his helmet, revealing thick locks of medium length the color of a pale winter's sunshine. He set the helmet beside him and began unfastening the clasps of his breastplate, again casting occasional glances toward her. Sera smiled and adjusted her hold upon her oak staff. His readiness neared--perhaps this very night.
"You call me vir bellator. A man of war." He shot her another glance, and his brow furrowed. "I am praesidio viri, a man of protection."
Sera softly laughed. 'Well said, anima questio. I shall no longer call you what you once were. This mountain is for futures.'
The man set aside the breastplate to reveal a tunic of light blue, bearing the crest of Baron's Dragoons. Newly ascended King Cecil was an honorable man, one whom achieved the honor of paladinship after a questing to this very mountain. A man whom surrounded himself with people of equal honor. That this knight bore such a crest spoke well of his character and added a morsel of intrigue. Why would such a man traverse Mount Ordeals seeking a new destiny? Such trials were reserved for those with a more villainous history.
"You are silent tonight." His glance mirrored a rumble within his soul. He busied his hands with the continued removal of his armor. "Did I choose a wrong path?"
'There are no wrong paths, anima questio, only answers awaiting their final question.' The knight offered no reply as he set aside the greaves and gauntlets. 'You also act different this night than others. Have you discovered the first Truth? Does it trouble you?'
He brushed a bit of trail dust from his heavy boots. "Might I ask a question before answering?"
She inclined her head. 'Of course, Lord Dragoon. Ask.'
"How do you speak without voice?" His focus shifted to her location and remained. "You speak directly, I understand, but how? My training here has been to prevent the invasion of my mind."
'So it has, and you have done well in this protection. I have simply continued to prove my trustworthiness to your soul, that I do not--and will not--invade.' Sera's silver-blue eyes held his unseeing gaze. 'You allowed my voice to be heard. You listened for it. You sought it out.' Again, silence was his only response. She smiled. 'Do you have another question?'
The dragoon lowered his head. "No."
Sera adjusted her hold upon her oak staff. The pearl glowed as she once again appeared before the wall. 'What is this silence, praesidio viri?' She balanced her regard to both wall and external self.
"The silence serves two purposes: to protect myself and to protect others."
Sera inclined her head. 'A Truth spoken, yet how does it do this?'
"By protecting them from the evil which resides within, thereby protecting me from the pain of hurting those I care for."
Sadness resonated as a deep shudder beyond the wall, his countenance tainted and twisted by the same. Sera's soul ached with it as she caressed the wall's chilled surface. 'Lord Dragoon, I sense no evil here. There is weakness, yes, but such does not equate the evil you have battled in the valleys beyond this mountain.'
The dragoon's hands fisted. "Weakness gives birth to evil."
'Weaknesses can be shifted to strengths, Lord Dragoon, as you have done. As you continue to do.' Sera offered forward a comforting sense of hand upon shoulder. 'Take heart in this and move forward.'
He took in a deep breath and inclined his head.
'You have done well in the answering of my question, Lord Dragoon. The key is yours, and your quest continues. When you are ready, the next question will be spoken.' Sera withdrew her essence from him. 'Rest well, praesidio viri, and torture not your seeking soul. Pasts do not exist here. Only futures.'
He inclined his head a second time. Sera turned away, her soul hesitating at a strong pull from where he now stood. "Wait."
The pearl upon her staff hummed as she faced him once more. 'Yes, Lord Dragoon?'
"Who are you?"
Sera's lips curved upward. 'I am she who will help you define the silence. I am she who will guide you to the peace you desire. I am Oracle of Mount Ordeals.'
The dragoon dropped to one knee, head lowered as a fisted hand covered his heart. It was a salute of high honor offered only to the king himself. "My lady Oracle!"
'Rise, Lord Dragoon. Such honor is not sought here.'
The dragoon stood though his eyes did not rise from the pressed earth. "Forgive any impertinence, my lady Oracle."
'There was none, only truth and honesty. Voicing of these will benefit your journey, Lord Dragoon. Now it is time for you to rest.'
The dragoon bowed. "Yes, my lady Oracle. Thank you."
'Your journey toward peace has only just begun.' Sera smoothed a hand along the wall before once more turning into the forest. 'Continue on and you will have your desire.'



THREE
Wall Builders

Kain stared up the path he tread leading to the summit of Mount Ordeals.
'What is this wall? What is this creator of silence?' the feminine voice had asked.
Kain adjusted the pack on his shoulders. A wall. No change had come other than a truer sense of calm. A silence, as it were, from those external voices which so often attempted to direct his attention. The rage brought by the memories of his past treachery had finally drifted to the wayside after the weeks and months of meditating and training his mind.
But a wall?
He expelled a fast breath. I did not know there stood a wall, my lady Oracle. Perhaps this is the next question--? He halted when he felt the sudden warmth of her presence within and without.
'What question would you have me ask, Lord Dragoon, for you have discovered the purpose of the silence the wall causes.'
His gaze wandered to a large willow to his left. The velvet blanket of moss coloring the trunk seemed to shimmer for the merest moment. "I want to understand the purpose for the wall itself."
'Why?'
As before, her questions never struck him as anything more or less than gently probing, urging him to search deeper. To never settle for the easy answer. "Walls are a form of protection, yes, but I begin to see they cause separation. Distance. They are a barrier."
'Well said, Lord Dragoon. My question, then, is this: how do you trespass beyond such a barrier?'
"How indeed. Do you tear it down? Or do you seek out the gate?" He heard a soft laugh, and it rippled against his calm. A smile teased the corners of his mouth.
'You are a philosopher, my lord. You have discovered the next key of your journey.'
Her presence did not dissipate as Kain expected. Another glance toward the willow and then he once again stepped toward the summit. As suspected, she could not be seen. He focused ahead.
'What troubles you? Do you hesitate to search for this answer?'
Kain's blank stare did not waver from the path he tread with dogged intensity. "No. I hesitate to admit the answer I might choose." Again, he felt her gentle grip upon his shoulder. However, when he hazarded a glance, his eyes saw nothing. Expectation continued to build.
'You must not choose the answer. Seek it out, my lord, but allow it to do the choosing.'
Kain nodded, continuing to feel the warmth of her presence though he did not necessarily feel her hand. "This option will be the struggle, my lady Oracle. I am a dragoon of some status. Before that, a soldier." He glanced again. Nothing. He looked away. "Decisions are my life. To not make the choice . . . This is the true test. Will I humble myself and accept the choosing?"
'Have you not humbled yourself to allow my company? Have you not humbled yourself to ask and accept my help?' The warmth on his shoulder moved to a soft stroke of his head. 'This is the next step, my lord, and your soul is ready. If it were not, you would not have voiced your concern.'
The touch moved away, but Kain could still feel the warmth and the presence. It was the longest she had remained by his side. "My lady Oracle?"
'Yes, my lord?'
He glanced to the left--There shimmered a slight vision of white . . . and then it vanished. Kain peered ahead. "Are there dangers which require your assistance? Is that why you have not yet gone?" She remained quiet for a long moment, and the hair of his neck stood on end.
'In life there are always dangers, my lord dragoon. We have but to watch for their coming. But no, such is not the reason I remain. I do so to continue my study of this wall surrounding your weary spirit. If I do not understand its cause, how will I be of help on your journey.'
"You do not often hear silence such as mine," he commented.
'No. I do not. All who journey to this mountain are open souls to me, so that I may encourage the search for their new destiny.'
Kain felt again that slight touch within followed by the heaviness of her sigh.
'This wall has been so long in building, my lord. I fear it shall require great pain to tear it asunder. The thought of bringing such agony grieves me.' The touch slowly vanished. 'But as in all struggles, the completion will welcome great happiness and wholeness for you. This I sense with clarity, my lord dragoon.'
Kain noticed movement to the left of him and glanced--he caught sight of leather sandals and delicate feet beneath a white robe before the vision vanished moments later. "Pain is expected in the life of a soldier, my lady Oracle. It becomes our punishment for those injustices done on behalf of our lord and king. Do not grieve, for we knew well the risks."
'I grieve because the pain is what made the wall necessary. When you first came to this mountain the wall appeared jagged and rough, quickly built. I know that some occurrence in your not-too-distant history caused this construction. It will continue to find its way here, because though histories have no power, yours continues to flourish.'
Another sigh caressed the air and invited another peek. Nothing.
'It is the silence of this wall, my lord, which keeps you distant and creates a diffi--' A gentle press warmed his temple. 'But I say too much when your heart is not ready. Forgive me, Lord Dragoon.'
"There is nothing to forgive, my lady Oracle. Soldiers are accustomed to harshness. Your words have always been truthful and direct while being, at the same time, temperate."
Soft laughter, and Kain heard the hushed whisper of her robe brushing against his armor. When he glanced to his left, her form shimmered longer before vanishing. He focused ahead.
'I am not accustomed to this silence, my lord, therefore I doubt the wisdom of my words and how able and ready you are to hear them. For many years I have been free to gauge the responses and reactions within the souls of those I help. You are the first to not allow such a viewing.'
"I apologize, my lady Oracle." There came another brush of robe against armor, longer this time. "I do not wish to cause you hardship."
'It is no hardship, my lord. The silence is a treasured occurrence. My one regret is I am unable to offer you more help.'
Kain heard the soft crunch of her sandals against the path for several steps before silence returned. "You are Oracle, my lady. The help and wisdom you offer are more than what others give us. That is why we journey here."
'Thank you, my lord, for such kind words.' She laughed, the dulcet tones dancing on the caress of a breeze. 'It has been many years since this Oracle has needed words of encouragement. Perhaps this journey will be of great benefit to us both?'
Kain glanced to his left. The white-robed form did not shimmer nor fade. Her hood continued to hide her profile from view, allowing only the sight of a thick plait of golden hair hanging well past her belt of gold braid. Delicate, long-fingered hands clasped this braid in one hand and a smooth white-wood staff in the other. A lump formed in his throat as he focused ahead yet again. He swallowed it down. "I will offer what help I can, my lady Oracle."
The ensuing touch upon his arm pressed as flesh against armor. 'Yes, I know of your deep desire to protect, my lord dragoon. But here, on this mountain, you must try to allow the protection of your person. For such is my duty while you journey toward your future.'
"Of course, my lady Oracle."
Her touch lowered from his arm, and Kain watched as her white-oak staff indicated forward. A pearl orb glowed at the apex. 'The summit. You must go on from here alone.'
Kain halted, only just preventing himself from facing her. She was Oracle. He was only a dragoon.
'Remember,' she said as her touch warmed his temple, 'seek not the answer. Listen and hear.'
"I will stay until the answer has chosen me," he told her.
'I will watch over you, anima questio.'
How long had she defended the poor souls who navigated this path of agony? Kain stepped forward to the summit, feeling her presence and taking comfort.

~*~*~

Night descended and still Kain searched for the answer. Silent. Waiting. Listening to the wind and the trees and the creatures who tried to reason why he remained on their mountain.
There is a barrier. Why have I designed this wall? How do I crumble this separation? Does it prevent me from a discovery of my destiny?
The barrier spawned calm, control, and protected him and his friends. But what if this same wall distanced him from those people who held a role of importance in his life? Was the silence worth the presence of the wall? If the wall were removed, would control remain? Or would he again become a danger to his friends?
Kain stared down at his hands where they rested upon his knees. He shifted, bringing the broad, gloved hands to a more in-depth scrutiny. He had battled his best friend with these same hands. He had acted as a villain to the very woman he once loved. He balled his hands into fists and forced a slow retreat of them to his knees. Would these hands return to such acts if he tore down the barrier? Or would his control be victorious and result only in protection?
Kain clenched his jaw and stood, turning for the path leading from the mountain.

~*~*~

Sera watched the dragoon stand. Agony marred his features, his hands balled in white-knuckled rage. The answer eluded him with stealth and determination. Whatever his past, it continued to haunt his waking moment. Sera felt certain it was this history he kept so enclosed behind the wall. For some reason, he believed it continued to hold sway over those he vowed to protect--perhaps over his very identity.
Sera's eyes burned with tears as he approached her position. His agony, so clear, grabbed her by the very soul. His inability to discover the answer would add more to the layer of silence. She must find a way through to the help he needed, otherwise, she feared he would indeed be lost to the history rumbling behind the wall.
The dragoon's steps slowed as he drew closer to her, and he kept his focus on the hard ground beneath his armored feet. His step halted only when he stood directly beside her. She had noticed the same reaction to the vision of her presence beside him before: eyes averted, and extreme respect in tone and carriage. He bestowed upon her high honors while humbling himself to none.
And now, as Sera watched his profile, the rage and shame at his defeat . . . the expressions tore at her. 'Do not berate yourself, my lord dragoon.'
"I have failed," he hissed, arms stiff at his sides.
Sera rested a hand upon his shoulder, the burning of his self-hatred buffeting against her soul. 'You have failed at nothing. The answer may only await another season of seeking and listening; until your soul is ready for the answer it requires. You have but to continue forward in patience.'
"There are too many questions!"
His frustration mounted, muting the wind Sera knew attempted to speak to him. 'Then let us answer these questions, so their power will fade and your strength will grow.'
The dragoon's hands opened and closed, repeatedly fisting as he fought with his control and calm. He shot her a glance before speaking again. "How?"
'Come. Journey with me to the summit once more.' Sera stepped forward, hearing the crunch of boot upon the path behind her as he followed.
She lifted her staff as they approached the summit. A massive white circle of symbols and old script appeared on the level ground. Sera stepped within it, standing in the direct center before facing the dragoon. He remained on the outside, body rigid and eyes yet focused on the earth.
Sera produced a hand. 'Come forward, Lord Dragoon.'
His gaze flicked to hers before obeying. Sera took hold of his hand and drew him into the center of the magic circle. Once again she lifted her staff and called down the protective barrier. She directed the dragoon to stand fully in front of her, his hand loosely clasped in her own gentle grip.
'The questions you ask will be answered here, within this circle. However, you must remember that answers are malleable. As in anything in life, our course is constantly evolving. Therefore, our questions and answers, our futures and possibilities, alter with them.' Sera gave his hand a slight squeeze, and he lifted his gaze to hold hers. The orb of her staff glowed. 'Ask your first question, my lord.'
He clenched his jaw.
His handsome features twisted, the muscle of his jaw throbbing with rage and shame. Yet, this time, there came no rumble nor burning from the barrier. She felt no icy rage nor spark from the man's soul. There remained silence, nothing to lead her to the question which would find the answer he so desperately craved.
A tear fled and dripped upon her cheek. 'Lord Dragoon, I cannot be of use if you do not voice the question. The silence of the wall keeps my gifts sealed and your help distant. Please.' She sought out his gaze as yet another tear fell. 'Please, my lord, ask the question so that I may be of help.'
The dragoon lowered to one knee, his chin brushing against the armor of his chest. "Forgive me, my lady. I cannot do as you request. The wall was built to protect my friends from the weaknesses which caused me to do evil. I cannot allow you to view them. Nor can I allow them power. The wall must remain."
'My Lord Dragoon, you decree too harsh a punishment upon yourself.' Sera lifted his head with a gentle touch beneath his jaw, her eyes seeking his. Determination burned bright within their depths. 'Why must you alone battle the weaknesses beyond this wall? Who decreed this punishment? The king? An Oracle? Did a great sage determine this battle should be yours alone?'
The dragoon removed her hand from his jaw. "No."
'Then why have you done so?' He made no answer. Sera knelt, lowering her staff and taking his hands firmly in hers. His gaze refused to rise to hers. 'My lord dragoon, battles are more easily won when waged in the presence of friends.'
"Yes."
'And you are now aware of a weakness that must be strengthened.' The dragoon's gaze finally met hers. 'So do not refuse the help that is offered to you. Accept it and stand.'
"And should the consequence of standing against the wall be your death?" He pulled his hands from hers. "No."
Sera released a deep breath as she continued to watch his face, her hands delicately clasped in her lap. He only stared at the ground. Silent within and without. The silence hurt her. Goaded her to action in such a way as would cause deeper agony. Her gifts were not her own. If the mountain decreed an action, she could not force him to seek a different end.
'Very well.' She took up her staff and closed her eyes. Upon opening, she stood again before the wall. She laid a hand upon its smooth and cold surface. The orb upon her staff began its white glow, so bright the entire barrier was bathed with light. Sera's form began to pass through--A hand caught her by the arm and pulled her back. The dragoon's his eyes burned with horror.
"No. You must not enter there, my lady Oracle."
'This past will not be allowed to bar your way to your new future, anima questio. If I alone must quest to find the key to its destruction, then I am ready to do so for you. I am Oracle. This is my gift.'
"No." The dragoon pulled her farther from the solid door, his fingers tightening until her arm throbbed. "I will ask the desired question, but you must not quest beyond the wall."
'Will this question help you design the removal of the wall? Or will it serve only to distance me from my purpose?' The answer came in his lowering of gaze. She smoothed her hand over his grip, easing its panicked hold. 'My lord, the builders of this wall reside in your history. You must usher this away from your soul. If you do not, I greatly fear that your friends will lose you to the silence. As I have.'
"My lady Oracle . . . ." He faced the wall, examining it as Sera did his profile and the expressions therein. "How do I remove a barrier that well may release a monster?"
'Open the door to your history. Allow it to speak the story of your character.'
The dragoon cringed from her, a clap of thunder shaking against the wall. "No."
'My lord, you must relinquish its hold on you, or you will never be freed to that destiny which awaits you. In the telling of the story of your past the power of the barrier is depleted and you are given new life.'
"I cannot confess these horrors to you, my lady!"
'What horrors have been done that I have not already seen? I have witnessed death and life, treachery and honor. I have witnessed murder and the giving of new life.'
Sera cupped his face, her staff clattering to the stone at her feet and releasing the pair to the reality of the white circle. She willed the urgency and concern she felt to be shared by his spirit. The dragoon blinked down at her, his eyes wide. 'To be free from the wall you must confess the weaknesses you hide behind it, my lord Kain, Dragoon of Baron.'



THREE
Seeking a Future Name

Kain could see nothing save the clear blue of the Lady Oracle's eyes, horror tightening as a stone within his middle. He re-coiled, distancing the taint of his evil from her touch as he brushed her hands from his face. 
'Yes. I know the name of your past.' Her tone soothed his soul as the morning dew to cracked lips. 'I have seen visions of this man's actions controlled by a black heart and soul.' The Oracle rose to her feet, face yet hidden by the shadows of her white robe. 'It is the name of your future we seek, Lord Dragoon. As King Cecil sought and found his new future, battling the darkness of his past self.'
Kain turned away, but he could not venture farther down the mountain path. He fisted his hands.
'It is the future the Prince of Eblan and his Summoner desire for you. One of happiness and wholeness. It is the future the Elder of Mysidia has wished for you. A future filled with peace. It is the future the woman you once loved wishes for you daily. One of love and family. It is the future name this mountain desires to guide you toward, my lord dragoon. But I have the freedom to do so only should you allow me beyond the silence to the voices. When you face them, that is when they cease to have power over your waiting future.'
"And what future should I seek?" His voice sounded as a low rumble, so desperate was he to hold back this tide of hope. "You have seen my past. What future do I deserve but the life of constantly seeking a peace I do not?"
Kain noticed, again, the bright glow of the gem on the apex of her staff--He heard children's laughter and the melody of a woman's greeting. He paled and turned, his eyes focusing on the images of family within the white circle. An older version of himself walked toward a simple home outside Baron Castle. He wore the armor of Guard Captain for the Baron Kingdom, an insignia of the highest honor emblazoned upon his breastplate.
Two boys stood there, ceasing their sword play to charge toward him in welcome. A young girl of five years ventured after them, a doll dragging behind her as she reached for his hand, her pale hair aglow in the late afternoon sun.
'This is a future waiting,' the Oracle intoned with gentle passion. 'Not enough? What of this?'
The oak staff shifted in her grasp, and with it the images. Another collection of years passed. He stood, distinguished and content as he trained an older pair of sons in the techniques of battle. A beautiful daughter cheered from the sidelines, within her delicate hands intricate needlework mirroring the stitching of her mother, a woman of ethereal beauty and eyes bright with joy. She gazed upon her family with adoration, love caressing her lips with such intensity his heart ached for its reality.
'Or this? Would this future be enough, my lord?'
The images blurred and shifted, focusing on the cathedral within Baron Kingdom and rows of soldiers and citizens as he led his smiling daughter to the young man waiting at the altar beyond.
The King's own son.
A royal marriage. A future of prosperity, happiness, and honor for his daughter . . . and his own sons standing near the King in the armor of the dragoons with honors decorating their tunics and hanging from their necks. Futures of honor. Lives of protection and duty--Kain turned away, tearing his helmet from his head. "Stop." It clashed to the ground. "Stop, I say!"
The laughter and images faded, and her oak staff lowered. She rested a hand upon his shoulder. 'My lord, this is a waiting future. One you deserve. A future your friends wish for you.' Her hold tightened as she turned him to face her, her features yet hidden in the shadows of her cowl. 'Will you truly turn your back on these? Will you not fight also for the protection of these souls? Will you not give them their lives?'
"How . . . ?" Kain shook his head. "How can this be possible? I know of no such woman as would have me: a traitor and villain."
'This destiny awaits your forward step, my lord dragoon. You must quest through the horrors of your past and realize their importance.'
He clenched his jaw. "Importance, my lady Oracle? My history caused pain and death, nearly collapsing the kingdom I had sworn to protect. How do I find importance within treachery?"
'You seek it. You compare who you were to who you now are and seek the beauty within the change.' The Oracle turned his head toward her with a firm but gentle hand to his jaw. Her silver-blue eyes sparkled. 'You admit the strengths caused by the overcoming of the weakness.'
The need for this future rose within Kain like a torrential wave. He fisted his hands, driving them into his eyes as if to rub the vision from his mind. But the desire already burned his soul. He ached to hear the laughter of family, to feel the pride of fatherhood. He lowered himself to one knee, head lowered. "Guide the quest, my lady Oracle, for this future I will seek."
The Oracle rested her hand on his head. The warmth of her touch eased the pain of the visions. 'This future will have you, my lord.'

~*~*~

Sera watched the dragoon as he knelt within the center of the white circle, mentally preparing for the first journey beyond the wall. Solemn. Girding himself for the viewing of a past treachery. Steeling himself against the horror of witnessing the dishonor of an honorable man. Yet the wall kept his pain silent, viewed only by the expressions of his face and the actions of his body. Sera could not use her gift to lessen the weight of that guilt and anguish. Lord Dragoon Kain of Baron was forced to carry it alone.
Sera lowered her scrutiny to the softly glowing pearl of her staff, feeling the tears streak her flushed cheeks and allowing them to do so in plain view of all. She mourned his pain, and her inability to relieve the agony. She mourned the man whose honor had become so horribly twisted. I shall give his silence voice. I shall give his future a name.
And the vision of that future . . . .
Sera lifted her gaze to another regard of his handsome countenance. She had witnessed the vision of his future before their journey this day to the summit, but only his honor as Baron's Guard Captain and the home waiting outside castle walls. The warmth waiting within its bright rooms. She had not seen the family and their possible futures.
Not until today.
Lord Kain released a deep breath. Sera stepped forward. 'Are you ready, my lord?'
He gave a brief nod as he stood to his feet, eyes averted as he kept a slight distance from her. "Lead on, my lady Oracle."
Sera moved to stand close beside him, resting a hand on his back and lifting her staff and attention ahead--to the wall. The pearl glowed as a sun, setting the white circle and their protective barrier ablaze. When the light faded, a towering door stood before them, the wall stretching as far as the eye could see to the left or right.
Sera reached for the mangled handle of iron. Lord Kain brushed her hand away, his body rigid beneath her touch. The wall seemed to moan against the visitation to the memory. 'Release the memory, my lord,' she urged.
His hand gripped the handle with white-knuckled control as the memories beyond the door groaned and rumbled. Then he pulled the way open, their vision of the memories obstructed by inky darkness.
Sera shifted her gentle hold to his arm and pressed her staff farther into the dark, the pearl emitting a pulse of burning light. 'Awake, memories. Your silence is given voice.'



FOUR
Oracle

The closing of the entry shuddered through Sera's spirit unlike any heard before. 'There is an intensity here that begs a question.' A question which sought voice as desperately as he wished it given. Lord Kain regarded Sera's reaction to the oppression with a stealthy glance. His hesitation bordered on fear at what she would both sense and see. He still did not understand what her role as Oracle meant for all who journeyed, past and future.
Her hold remained upon his arm, resisting his forward step into the dark. ‘One moment, my lord dragoon.’ The strike of her staff upon the granite at their feet cracked the air, echoing outward as a wave of light banished the darkness.
Cliffs aflame with the red of a bright sunrise accosted their vision, Lord Kain shielding his eyes with a raised arm. Sera smiled, her eyes drinking in the lush green of the valley that poured from the cliffs and led to a rippling river of white water and laughter. Mighty cedars stood as stoic sentinels at the valley mouth, their regal boughs waving welcome in the brisk breeze tumbling from the cliffs surrounding them.
A strangled shout from Lord Kain grabbed at her spirit and her external attention. His soul shuddered under the weight of the memories, agony like acid to her touch of comfort. The pressure of her fingers upon his arm firmed as her gaze drank in the warring expressions on his features reflected on the wall around his soul. ‘Give the memories voice, lord dragoon.’
"You know of the attack on the village Mist, village of the Summoners?" he asked through clenched teeth.
'I do.' Sera reached forward to the wall of silence with her staff and touched one block. It vanished.
"Cecil and I were separated there. He was left to a discovery of his fate." The dragoon's voice lowered. "I was given a different one."
Sera touched another block of the wall. It vanished, and she willed her comfort and compassion through the slowly growing hole to the hurting man beyond.
The dragoon pointed roughly ahead of him to the images. "That is me, my mind being twisted and tortured into submission. My soul being poisoned with hatred and jealous rage for a man I saw as my own brother." He pointed again before focusing an agonized gaze to Sera's ever watchful eyes. "That is the image of my honor being tainted with darkness before my first act of treachery. That is the man who hides behind the wall we destroy, my lady Oracle."
Sera shattered another block. 'That is the image of a man who no longer exists. The darkness was abolished, by your hand as well as those of your friends.' She motioned to the images with her staff. 'Remember. Dispense the darkness and the image with a memory of that final victory, my lord dragoon.'
The dragoon held her gaze, fisting his hands before speaking. "Yes. I remember that victory." The images of darkness within the circle began to shift as another few blocks vanished under the gentle tap of her staff. "A sweet victory over hate and the lust for power. A total victory over a darkness that turned brother against brother and friend against friend."
The memories fully shifted to the final moments of the battle against Zeromus--a victory over pure hatred. The rigidity of Lord Kain's body lessened, and the groan of the wall ceased. Sera touched another block, this time with a tender touch of hand, and it vanished.
"Yes," he said in a less harsh tone. "Yes, that was a sweet victory of vengeance."
'And what strengths have you gained from this weakness?' He released her gaze to scrutinize the victorious battle against Zeromus. 'What blessings have you been given that turn the darkness to light?'
Sera watched his profile as he sought the answer, looking beyond the weakness to something which could be held for good. Seeking some aspect of the experience he could claim as honorable. Sera willed more comfort and compassion beyond the wall, her soul still seeking the tortured one beyond. The silence remained.
She touched another block, and another. They vanished, but still the silence remained. She released a soft breath, adjusting her hand upon his back as she focused again to the vivid memories of his past. She raised her oak staff, the glow of pearl beckoning forth another collection of painful memories.

~*~*~

The Oracle's touch remained as Kain revisited each and every moment of his treachery and humiliation. She did not ridicule nor accuse. Instead, she beckoned him to see a blessing in each, no matter how small. Each blessing and strength gained from the gruesome history removed another facet of the heaviness within, settling the calm and firming the control. It eased the guilt and shame to peace, her touch gentle and warm.
'Do you see the calm you now have, my lord?' The Oracle's voice rang as a gentle song within his tired soul. Such a pleasant exhaustion! 'Do you see the wisdom you have gained? A wisdom you can offer to those young men who seek glory through power! Do you see the invaluable experience you have at your beckoning to save other young and tender souls?'
Awe soothed over the jagged remnants of his tattered calm. Kain inclined his head. A glimmer upon her cheeks drew his focus, though the shadow of her cowl blocked her full features from his view. "I can save others this torture."
'And so you rob the darkness of a meal, my lord, offering a soul to the light instead--a feat not many are able to do.'
Kain shifted his gaze from her shadowed face to the images of light's victory and evil's defeat. Of friendship and love. Of Cecil and Rosa's continued acceptance. Of their forgiveness. They continued to offer his soul to the light, giving him the opportunity to do the same for others. The Oracle lowered her hand from his back, and he felt the touch within dissipate as well. There came a shuffle beside him, and Kain's gaze shot to the Oracle as she lifted a hand to her forehead, her stance not as steady.
Concern flared as he stepped forward, a hand to her elbow. "My lady Oracle?"
'I--' Her hand clutched his arm and the white circle and barrier faded as the pearl's glow dimmed. Her knees buckled.
"My lady!" Kain swept her into his arms, her staff clattering to the ground as exhaustion swallowed her.
Her breathing deepened into that of sleep, though her brow furrowed and occasional moans set his hair on end. This was the result of her guiding his quest? All her strength, power, and wisdom used without hesitation to lead him to the peace and rich experiences hidden beyond the wall. She protected him, leading him gently but firmly. She gave voice to those questions requiring answers. She made her own experience and gifts available to him, and now he would be able to perform the same service for others. Using his valuable history as a glorification for the kingdom he nearly toppled.
He adjusted her small form within his arms and gathered her staff from the ground. Then he turned and navigated the path down from the summit of Mount Ordeals.
To pour herself so completely into the rescue . . . this Oracle was surely an unsung hero in a much different battle. A lady of great honor and duty. She followed this duty with passion and intensity, never shirking her gifts and the responsibilities upon her shoulders. How much longer would he have hidden himself on this mountain if not for her stepping forward to battle for him? How much more had she done for him that he did not even know or understand?

"Thank you for that, my lady Oracle."
Kain arrived at camp, midnight long since passed, ignoring the weariness of his arms as he continued to hold the Oracle close and steady. He entered his tent, placing the staff against his gear in the center before settling her within the only cot. She stirred, and the movement shifted the hood of her robe to fall back from her face--shock stumbled him back, and he stared into the face of the woman the Oracle envisioned for his future.
The woman who would serve as wife and mother to his children.
He knelt close beside her, his eyes drinking in the statuesque perfection of her features. This woman . . . the woman of such warmth and gentleness, felt within for nearly a year. The voice of tenderness and passion who finally led him to the peace he had craved for so long. She would place herself with such a man as he?
Kain gathered the delicate softness of her hand within his. Again he felt her velvet warmth, drawing him toward something he had not understood. All these months she drew him toward her very self . . . . But what would this possible future mean to her role as Oracle? Kain had never heard of an Oracle continuing with family, and the thought of her possible future with him negating her future as an Oracle--
'My staff.’
Kain felt and heard her confusion, the disorientation and loss drawing from him an overwhelming desire to protect and guide.
'Where have I . . . ?'
He reached for the staff and pressed it gently within her hand. The trouble faded from her mind, smoothing her features. Yet her eyes remained closed, her breathing continuing its deep and rhythmic patterns as those who slept. Concern rose up within him.
'I am well,' she intoned within his mind. 'I seek only the answers to my confusion. Be not concerned for me.'
A slight smile tilted Kain's lips upward as he again felt the draw to this woman. Each passing day on the mountain her hold intensified. Now that he saw her face . . . .  He caressed her hairline, the softness like silk. "What question confuses you, my lady Oracle?"
'I am confused by the face I see within the vision,' she confessed, and her brow furrowed. 'For an Oracle to place herself within a future of the one she helps is a serious sign. A portent to the end of her days as Oracle. That she has chosen the continuation of her own destiny.'
Kain nodded as he watched the expressions shift across her smooth features. "It stands to reason."
'But how can this be? I have not been sent an apprentice to train, and Mount Ordeals must have an Oracle to lead those who seek a new future.'
Kain forced himself to stand and step from her side. He tasked himself with the sorting of his gear to set up a second cot on the opposite side of the tent. "That is a problem." He organized varying duties to be seen to throughout the coming day. "But I am certain that if this is a true destiny, the White Order is finalizing their selection, readying an apprentice who will soon be sent to your instruction." A resonation of gratitude and warmth enfolded his soul. He smiled and gathered up his spear and the tools required to maintain it.
'Thank you for your strength.'
He crouched beside her, the lance resting easily across his knees. "It is yours, my lady Oracle." He caressed her arm and turned from the tent, the dulcet tone of her conversation continuing within his mind.



FIVE
Another Future Name

Sera studied the vision yet again. It remained unchanged: two boys, a daughter, and a loving wife. His honor as Guard Captain of Baron. A home. A family. A duty that bestowed peace and acceptance. A family who offered love and belonging. Wholeness. Happiness.
She stepped within the vision to study the face of the woman who loved this honorable dragoon. The woman who spoke with deep emotion and tenderness. The woman who offered welcome in a simple glance and greeting. The woman whom had borne him three lovely children. Love. Contentment. These burned within the woman's eyes. The depth of these called to her own soul, and with a deepening intensity than the sweet wind of the mountain.
Sera shifted her focus to the dragoon. Duty and honor glowed within his expression. Pride could be seen within his stature and in the breadth of his shoulders. Tenderness fell within the touch of her hand to his lips. The slight smile and the unspoken vow within the depth of his eyes.
Yet, even now, this future wavered within a delicate balance.
Sera turned thoughtfully away, hearing the laughter and the voices as the family led this man of honor into the warmth of this home he longed for. But why do I see this woman? She still holds an important duty. Another home. Her feet yet follow a different path.
Sera adjusted her fingers upon her staff--but it wasn't within her hold. Her brows furrowed. My staff. Where have I . . . ? Sera felt a warmth upon her hand and the staff appeared within her grasp. She smiled. Softness of concern and care flooded over her, muting her own feelings of confusion. 'I am well,' she assured. 'I seek only the answers to my confusion. Be not concerned for me.'
Concern remained, although it faded as care and question overpowered it.
'I am confused by the face I see within the vision,' she confessed, and her brow furrowed. 'For an Oracle to place herself within a future of the one she helps is a serious sign. A portent to the end of her days as Oracle. That she has chosen the continuation of her own destiny.'
'But how can this be? I have not been sent an apprentice to train, and Mount Ordeals must have an Oracle to lead those who seek a new future.' Sera released a deep breath as she continued along the dreamt path of the trail to the summit of Mount Ordeals.
Support and assurance comforted her.
'Thank you for your strength,' she told the presence. Her focus shifted, brows knitting. 'I must tell him of the identity of this woman within the vision, though I am concerned he will refuse me. He has such . . . .' Sera's hand lifted, her fingers seeming to seek the air for the proper word. 'He holds me in such high honor, though I am but a humble woman who follows the path her gifts have laid. Now this path joins with his, but I do not know how to explain this Truth.'
The strength and care continued, soothing the twist of Sera's spirit. 'I have come to care for him these many months. First drawn by his silence and then the possible pain hidden beyond. Then the man himself beckoned. His honor and strength. His great dedication to duty and protection, so very similar to my own desire to help those discover new paths of future glory.'
The pearl of her staff drew her focus, and she caressed its smooth surface. 'In order to reach beyond the silence to heal the soul beyond the wall . . . I formed a bond between his spirit and mine. How do I explain this bond will easily blossom to love, if it has not done so already? He may disbelieve the depth of my connection and feel honor-bound to persuade me to fulfill the future I have already called my own for so many years. Even should this forever distance him from the future I know he desires--the future I desire to give to him. Perhaps I should speak with him, speak an offer of choice?' Sera sighed, and the strength and comfort continued to beckon. 'Too long have I been alone on this mountain, solving mysteries and futures for others that I can no longer solve my own without help.' Sera halted, clasping her hands to the staff. 'Help. Yes. I do require this help, and I remember his offered words of encouragement.'
Sera nodded and pulled herself from her inner discussion . . . to open her eyes to the dulled brown of a tent. To her right, a second cot, the blankets straight and tucked tightly under the small mattress. The pillow plumped and positioned under the wool blankets of dark gray. Sera recognized the dragoon's equipment and armor.
She sat up, still beckoned by the overwhelming warmth and tenderness of the emotions felt within her dream. She set down her staff just as she heard the deep resonance of a masculine clearing of the throat. Sera carefully navigated her way from the tent entrance, squinting into the brightness of the morning. The dragoon sat on a log near the coals of the night fire's remains. Dressed in his usual tunic and breeches always worn beneath his armor, he rubbed an oiled cloth along the blade of his spear.
Sera smiled. The silence had shifted to the softness of strength, the warmth of concern and care . . . .
"Are you rested?" he asked without turning.
Sera approached then and knelt to his left, lifting her chin to gaze into his handsome and rugged face. His focus did not shift from the intense supervision of his work on the spear. 'I am, and I thank you for your great care, my lord.' Her gaze retreated to the glowing coals, relishing the physical warmth which felt so similar to that of his soul. 'I had not realized the venture would exhaust me to such an extent.'
"Felling any wall is difficult, my lady Oracle," he offered, and the support and assurance flowed over her even more powerfully than before. "I remember a similar wall; a demon wall." The dragoon glanced her direction, and the images and memories of that memory shone brightly within her mind. "I stood not alone during that fight, either."
'No. You were not. It was my honor to be present for the felling of this one.' Sera peeked at him just as he moved his gaze away. 'My lord drag--'
"Kain." He cleared his throat and tested the sharpness of the spearhead. He glanced toward her. "You may call me Kain, my lady Oracle."
A smile caressed her lips. 'Kain.'
Red dusted the dragoon's ears, but his focus never wavered from the spearhead.
'Kain, I must explain to you the face in the vision of your future.'
He cast her a sidelong glance. "I know." He brushed at a portion of the shaft. "It is yours."
Sera nodded. 'Yes. The face is--'
"No." He cleared his throat and set aside the spear, powerful emotions of care tumbling within and without, tossed like waves of a sea by strength and support. He faced her. "No," he said again, outwardly calm. "The future is yours. A continuation you have chosen."
Sera smiled. 'And so you can even hear my inner conversations. I did not realize the bond had grown so strong in such a short amount of time.'
"A year is not so short, my lady Oracle." Kain lowered his gaze from hers as he began to rub his hands on the legs of his breeches, only occasionally glancing her direction. The emotions continued to flow and comfort. "I have felt your touch within and without since the first day I came to Mount Ordeals, almost hearing your voice. I thought it the peace calling for me." Kain's eyes flicked to hers. "I suppose it was."
Sera studied his expression as she continued to welcome the care and strength and assurance within. 'My lord Kain, if you do not wish the continuation of my future to be paired with yours, I understand. It is not unusual, and such a refusal has happened before.'
"And why would I not want this future?" he asked, just as gently but without meeting her gaze.
'Because you were not allowed the choosing.'
Kain smiled, the act releasing an entire age from his usually troubled features. His gaze met hers. "No, I was not. The answer chose me."
Sera laughed. 'So it has.'
Care blossomed, drawing tears to Sera's eyes as Kain reached out to touch the line of her jaw, the caress hesitant. "I am . . . your choosing to pair yourself with such a man as I humbles me, my lady. How do I seek to deserve such an honor?"
'You are a Dragoon of Baron, my lord Kain. Honor is your life's blood.' Sera caressed the hair from his forehead and cheek, relishing the honest intensity as his gaze held hers. 'How could I envision my soul with any but one such as you?'
"My lady . . . ." Kain enfolded her hand in his, caressing her knuckles, palm, and wrist with his lips. "Thank you, my lady," he said gruffly.
Sera's heart thudded in her chest, tears burning as she opened her soul to a deeper experience of their bond, willing him to feel how it resonated within her. After so many years of guarding, such a release crashed over her like the waves of the ocean. 'I am Oracle, my lord Kain. Such was my gift to offer.'
Kain lowered her hand from his lips, still holding it within his firmly gentle clasp. He lifted his eyes to meet hers. "And what gift could I give to an Oracle but my life to her protection?"
The possibility tightened her grip on his hand. 'The gift of speaking my name. I . . . I have never before heard it spoken.' She lowered her gaze to his tender hold. 'However, if you truly desire the joining of my future to yours, you alone must discover its Truth.'
Kain covered their clasped hands with his other, his emotions covering her spirit with a velvet touch of comfort. The poignancy of him drew her glimmering gaze. "This name I will find, my lady. I vow it." Determination soothed her with calm certainty.
Sera smiled. 'I accept this vow and quest, my lord Kain, but you must first return to your friends and tell them of your victory over the silence. They continue to wish for your safety and peace.'
"After so many months . . . being distant from your presence will be strange, my lady." Kain continued to watch her face. "Will this bond you mention, will it lessen the maw of that expanse?"
Sera welcomed the barrage of his raw emotions within. 'Yes, my lord, it will indeed. For I have, essentially, bound our souls to one another.' She lowered her gaze to find herself absently stroking the knuckles of his hand. 'It was the only course open to me to allow you to hear my voice.'
"I do not believe you forced the bonding, my lady. Did you not say before that I gave you entry into my mind and spirit?"
Her expression softened. 'So I did. Thank you for your encouragement, my lord.'
"I know too well the power guilt can have." He brushed her hand with his lips before releasing them to stand. "If I am to return to Baron, I had best go now, my lady."
Sera rose, her reluctance and his mingling as each held the other's gaze. Kain cast a glance to the tent. 'Indeed, my lord, for you still need to prepare for the journey.'
"Kain."
Smiling, Sera reached up to stroke her fingers through the thick locks near his ear. 'Kain.'
He drew her hand to his lips, and Sera could plainly feel the weight of reluctance. Then strength and a determined resolve pressed him to release her hand and step back.
'This mountain will again be silent with your going,' she admitted.
"As will my journey home. I will listen for you, my lady."
'And I will speak, Kain.'
His lips lifted in a brief smile, and then he bowed and turned to begin the collapsing of his tent and the gathering of his gear. He did not look again in her direction, but she could feel his continued glances of spirit to test if she remained. She smiled and turned away, again treading the paths of Mount Ordeals in search of those who sought their future. She found hers, and now he had but to speak her name to seal it to him forever.



Six
Defining a Destiny

Kain shook the weariness from his eyes and head as he continued his trek for Baron. He succeeded in capturing a chocobo from the forest south of Mount Ordeals in hopes it would shorten the time taken to journey to the port at Mysidia, but exhaustion continued to settle in the corners of his mind and trek inwards. He should have rested while the Oracle did done the same within his tent.
A welcome smile soothed his features as he adjusted his hold on reins. He had not wanted to miss any of her conversing. The thought of being so open and . . . joined with someone of her ability kept the exhaustion at bay with wonder and awe. Especially since the felling of the wall heightened his awareness of her presence. Her warmth burned brighter. Her soothing presence caressed softer. Her voice beckoned his soul and mind to a greater attraction than the intrigue previously experienced. And the viewing of her loveliness? All joined to an intoxicating sensation of . . . desire.
Kain cleared his throat and directed his mind away, instead focusing to the duty of gathering the words used for the explanation of his victory over the silence--He smiled when he felt her presence as a brightness within.
"My lady Oracle," he greeted.
'My lord--' Her voice cut off with an abrupt chill of concern. 'Kain, you are weary. You should rest.'
There was another soft touch of soothing, and he felt the rejuvenation as she healed what she could. Kain attempted to visualize her face as the presence heightened. He could almost feel her sitting in front of him on the chocobo, his arms tingling with her warmth. "I am well, my lady. Soldiers march for longer periods than this with less sleep. If I could not, I would not be a soldier."
Her smile nearly numbed his brain. 'Yes, and you have always been a good soldier, my lord Kain. Your father would be proud of your dedication to duty and justice, even against the king.'
Kain could almost feel her hands resting against his. "I wonder if my mind would have been so easily manipulated had he been alive yet. Perhaps he would have been able to train me in a technique to work against it?"
'Perhaps. A better question is whether you can create one utilizing your own experiences. I believe King Cecil would appreciate the added defenses to his troops.'
"I will think on what you have said, of course. Such would definitely benefit the kingdom." Kain felt her scrutiny even through their distance, and began to wonder if she watched him from the summit of Mount Ordeals using the white circle. "Yes, my lady Oracle?"
'My lord Kain, try to converse using only your mind.'
Kain blinked, his hands pulling up on the reins. "How do I accomplish this?"
'You feel my presence within your mind, do you not?' He inclined his head. 'Speak to that presence. Using self. Using spirit. Using all.'
Furrowing his brow in concentration, Kain attempted to center that portion to speak to the presence he felt. He heard her softly laugh.
'Kain, do not try so hard. The bond will direct your voice to my soul and spirit. I feel you clearly. Just speak within instead of without.'
Kain's features smoothed with his smile as he again urged the chocobo toward Mysidia. 'Why did you not explain such to begin? Soldiers require the easiest explanation possible, my lady Oracle.'
She laughed again. 'Not so, my lord. Soldiers are deep souls who require close inspection to understand. You are no different than the others I have guided . . . .' He felt her hand rest tenderly against his temple. 'Save that I felt drawn to your depth due to the silence which kept me so distant.'
'As your warmth drew and beckoned to me, my lady.' Kain forced his will to firm the feeling of her hand upon his and, in turn, caressed the silky softness of her fingers. A greater wave of care brightened the warmth to a near burning within his brain. 
'Kain . . . this is the first time another soul has touched me over such a great distance.'
And the desire to hold her--Kain set it firmly aside as he stroked the vision of her hand once more before again gripping the rein. 'And it has been many months since a woman has touched me in spirit or person. My determination to curb the weakness distanced me from everyone who sought to offer comfort and support. Your presence after such a long silence--' Kain cleared the gruffness of desire from his throat. 'It will be nice to be so surrounded by camaraderie again.'
Silence.
Concern flared, especially when all he sensed was her presence and no emotion. 'My lady Oracle?'
Silence.
Worry and concern joined, fanning a flame that propelled his self and essence to search for her as his focus seemed to spread within and yet without at the same moment. Back to Mount Ordeals. Up the paths to the summit and a white circle--He could almost see her kneeling within the center, the white-oak staff clasped by long-fingers, the gem glowing brightly as she stared down at it with glimmering eyes.
Kain halted the chocobo, focusing all will and emotion on the effort of kneeling beside her to rest a comforting hand upon a slim shoulder. He could almost sense her warmth radiating from the soft folds of her robe. 'My lady? What troubles you?'
She lifted her head and met his gaze, her silver-blue eyes like gems as those rose lips turned upward. 'You learn fast, my lord. This was a test I concocted to see how strong the bond had grown in these months I have cultivated such. I did not realize it had grown to be as strong as this.'
Those gem-like eyes retreated. 'I have been Oracle since before I was considered a woman. I have seen and felt and wandered within the souls and spirits and hearts of countless many. Even when I was but a young girl susceptible to the romantic envisioning of becoming infatuated with a helped soul I have never--' The Oracle lifted her eyes to meet his, and the glow within its depths grabbed at his heart. 'Your presence burns within my mind and soul,' she whispered. 'Never before have I experienced such a connection.'
'Nor I,' he confessed gruffly. He lowered his hand from her shoulder. No. The desire and attraction burned brighter with each moment their presences were entwined.
She reached out and took firm hold of his hand. 'Please seek out my name,' she whispered, the passion of the request buffeting his senses with light, wind, and heat through the press of her fingers and the richness of her gaze. 'Please, my lord Kain, seek out and find the name that will bind, forever, my future with yours. I truly desire to be this woman within the vision of your future.'
Kain closed his eyes against the sparkle of her eyes and lifted her hand to his lips. 'As I want you to be.' He whispered his lips against her skin.
The Oracle tossed away her staff and drew him into a tight embrace. An embrace of spirit and emotion. An embrace different than any he ever shared. It burned and entwined, redefining an emotion he never before sought while deepening a bond already as strong as the wall which previously served to keep her distant. Now that bond drew him to this woman of humility and passion. To this woman who wanted a future destiny with him.
The Oracle pulled herself slowly back to gather his face into her hands. Her silver-blue eyes glimmered as tears shined upon the smooth skin of her cheeks. Her spirit caressed his, heightening the bond and fanning the desire--a seeking. A whisper. Kain drew her hands from his face, steeling himself against the buckling control as he stood away from her. Loss paled the loveliness of her face as she also rose, and the coldness of her spirit drew him back, his arms surrounding her and offering warmth.
She smiled and tightened the pressure of her hands within his. 'To discover the name we must share all of one another. You have lowered the wall separating past from possible future, thereby welcoming my discovery of your past name so that I may speak your future one. Now I must encourage you to discover the same of me. To do so--' her silken cheeks flushed-- 'to do so I must encourage the bond.'
Kain nodded. 'I will resist the temptation to hold myself distant, my lady, but a soldier's life is one of control.'
'This I know, Kain. You are honor and duty defined.' She lowered her gaze to their clasped hands. 'Hence I am drawn to you? So very few, other than the King, have been so purely defined by the following of one's duty. As I am. Now this duty has brought to you a quest to discover a name for a future you did not know you desired.' She released a deep breath and gave his hands another squeeze as she lifted her gaze. Then she stood on tiptoes to caress his cheek with her lips. 'I must go, my lord. I sense another searching soul has newly arrived to this mountain.'
She drew herself back, and he could feel the reluctance as she released his hands. He bent to retrieve her staff and offered it to her. 'Be well, my lady Oracle.'
The Oracle smiled and accepted the staff, her hand lingering in its touch of his. 'Travel safe, my lord Kain.'
Kain drew his inner self from her side, still watching as she also distanced herself from him. Then her presence and her warmth were quiet and only a memory. Releasing a deep breath, he adjusted his hands on the reins, still feeling her . . . yet not . . . and wondering if it was the continuation of their growing bond while hoping it would not fade as he trekked closer toward Baron.

~*~*~

Sera swiped the tears from her cheeks, breathing in the sweet, lingering scent of his strength. The blaze of his desire warmed her entire self, and her body prickled and trembled with his presence and tenderness, giving birth to an eagerness and anticipation she never before experienced. There had been only one other man whom had accepted her bond and sought to discover her name. A Red Wing of Baron.
Sera adjusted her hold on her staff and dissipated the circle and barrier before turning for the path to the base of Mount Ordeals. She could still remember the utter loss at his death during the quest for her name. The separation from him--Elisha--even now the remembered agony burned her eyes and opened the maw of grief in her soul. Never again had she thought to bond, and yet the warmth and the strength she felt from Kain . . . it blossomed more quickly than her first bonding, and ran deeper. More complete and resilient. As she told Kain, never had she felt such a burning within--and how brightly it burned! Even still she could feel the firm gentleness of his well of strength, though distant, and their bond continued to hold her--absolutely entwined. Does he also feel me?
A smile caressed Sera's lips as she focused on the path beneath her sandaled feet . . . yet not. Remembering the discovery of his darkened past and the encouragement she was able to offer. Recalling the inner conversation and his reassurance by way of the emotions felt. Relishing the spark of his touch and the growing bond drawing each closer to the other. Remembering all and allowing its intensity to flow deeper within as well as softly along the connection broadening and strengthening between them. Could he also know she continually thought of him in his entirety?
When Sera felt a spark of his presence within, one of welcome and longing, she giggled and offered back a similar caress.
"My lady Oracle?"
Lifting her gaze, the smile didn't fade as Kain's touch within continued. A young man of 14 or 15 years of age with pale blond hair, dark eyes, and a welcoming spirit and expression stood across from her, smiling.
'Yes?' she asked, and she noted the staff in his hand and the simple robes of his attire. Hope rose.
"My lady, I was given a vision confirmed by the Elder and made my way here immediately. I am to be your apprentice."
A ripple of curiosity reached her as she produced a hand to the young man. She answered the silent question from Kain while greeting the youth. 'I am pleased to meet you . . . Seth,' she said, pulling his name from the soft light of the youth's tender and welcoming spirit.
Seth's smile widened and he returned her gentle clasp. "Can we start right away, my lady?"
Sera laughed, drawing the young man forward with a fond embrace of his shoulders. 'Of course. What answers do you seek?'
And Kain's brightness of happiness and encouragement nearly blinded her inner self with joy.

~*~*~

Kain stared up at the ceiling of stars with an unseeing gaze, only partly aware of the crackle of his campfire and the soft coo of his chocobo. The Oracle continued to teach the young man--Seth, Kain believed his name to be--on the intricacies of acting as Oracle of Mount Ordeals. He knew that she felt his continued presence, and with each hour his ability to feel and interact with her grew--like a muscle which gained strength with use.
He wasn't able to focus on much of what she taught the young man, instead using the growing connection with her to quest for her name. To search for those memories that would give him an insight, even deeper, into the type of woman he encouraged such an intimate connected with.
The snippets and images drawn from her thus far didn't help in his quest. Frustration and irritation had flared several times on his trek to the dock, and each time she immediately strengthened their connection and invited a discussion.
'I can see naught but snippets that make no sense!' he fumed on one occasion.
'Do not attempt to place a story with the image.'
'If I do not place a story, how am I to find your name?'
She had soothed his spirit with a gentle touch and a warmth of an embrace before answering. 'When the story is ready to be told it will find its voice. For now you must only heighten the connection between us and learn how to best fulfill your quest. Search, Kain. View. Observe and learn. That is all you need do. Search and do your best to enjoy the adventure.'
Now Kain adjusted his hands behind his head and viewed a longer collection of images that seemed to tell a story of her first days within the White Order. She looked to be only six years of age, and the expression on her face told of excitement and laughter. No sound accompanied the images, and the movement of them was jerky at best, but it still presented a slight story. An intrigue into a deeply intense woman of gifts and duty, and an extreme love for all.
There was only one image that never seemed to grow in length, and the edges seemed blackened and the image itself blurred. That image always beckoned Kain to search for it again, but each viewing didn't reveal more of a hint to a story. His instinct told him there hid a powerful memory paired with the image, and hesitancy rose to ask after its story. Perhaps the darkness, which hinted at pain, encouraged the hesitation. But if he did not ask, how could he smooth away the misery?
Her presence blossomed, and Kain drew himself from the image to notice Seth had been encouraged to study and meditate on his own before bedding down for the evening. Now she remained alone on the summit of Mount Ordeals within the white circle, protectively ensconced behind the protective barrier.
Kain smiled, adjusting his head in his laced fingers. 'My lady,' he greeted, and his will and emotion firmed his presence before her. He took her hands in his. She smiled up at him, the hood of her robe settling back against her shoulders to reveal the delicate lines of her face and the golden caramel silk of her hair. Kain's chest tightened at the vision and the remembered future they would share. By the flush of her cheeks, he knew she could feel his longing for a culmination of that pairing.
'Tomorrow I should be on a ship bound for Baron Kingdom,' he told her, longing scratching in his voice.
Her eyes shone. 'I know. But tonight you have been gazing at the stars while questing my name, though I have sensed a hesitation to ask a question.'
Kain lowered his gaze to their hands. 'There is an image--' He felt her intense scrutiny of his face as well as his own hesitancy within.
'Yes? An image of what?' she prompted, encouragement and care soothing his spirit.
He caressed the skin of her hands within his grasp. 'This image is always colored by a bit of darkness, my lady,' he continued carefully, and he felt her smile waver and fall away with the pain of the memory. Kain met her gaze, but it had also lowered to an examination of their hands. He quickly offered forward strength and support to cover her slight chill of pain. 'I am sorry, my lady. I only ask so that I may take away the pain it gives you. As you took mine.'
'I know, my lord Kain.' The agony choked her voice, rippling against her spirit and shuddering against their connection. 'I did not expect you to traverse so quickly to a point of tenderness for me. How . . . .' She finally lifted her gaze to meet his, and her eyes glistened with tears. 'How did you find this tragic memory so quickly?'
Kain very slightly shook his head. 'I do not know. It seemed to search me out, and now it beckons for me whenever I look at the images from your past.' He regarded the grief-stricken expression within her silver-blue eyes, the tautness of her ethereal beauty, and the chill of her fingers trembling within his. 'Give me this pain, my lady. Please. Do not attempt to carry this burden alone.'
The Oracle smiled up at him, but the lift of her rose lips seemed weary and forced. Then she stepped close, wrapping her arms around him as she seemed to draw from him strength and renewal. Kain embraced her, eagerly offering whatever she needed. 'The image you have found is the memory of a previous bonding.' Her voice brimmed and overflowed with pain and tears, as did her very self.
Kain stood against the onslaught of anguish and absorbed it into himself, giving her strength and concern and care as one might pour water into a basin.
'He was a soldier, as you are, but of the Red Wings under the command of King Cecil before he quested to become Paladin. We met here while he quested for a vision of a future. If his duty within the Red Wings went well, he wanted to know what his future destiny could hold and choose accordingly. He planned to have a family and wanted the best for them.' She took in a ragged breath and released it slowly.
'It was the first time I had ever wanted to forfeit my future as Oracle. He was a man of deep honor and purpose, and that beckoned to me. We talked for hours of pasts and futures and possibilities, and I felt his desire to bond. I questioned him on the emotion and when he freely admitted it, we bonded. He was forced to leave shortly after, as a mission waited for the Red Wings. He had known when he arrived at Mount Ordeals that he would have but a short amount of time to determine his possible future. So, he agreed to seek my name and vowed to return with it at the end of the mission.' The Oracle choked on a sudden sob, and the intensity of her loss nearly staggered him.
'When Elisha--when he died, I felt as if a portion of me had been forcibly ripped away. His loss left a gaping maw of emptiness I thought would never fill. I--for the first time I wished for death, if but to relieve my spirit of the utter loss and pain of his death. I mourned for weeks and months after, searching through the darkness of the pain to a rediscovery of my future and purpose as the Oracle of Mount Ordeals.' She shook her head against him, struggling to take in another ragged breath. 'I never thought to bond again. I never thought I would again feel such a draw on my spirit, or such a pull to share a future. But when I saw my future linked with yours within the vision . . . .'
She sighed, and the loss and pain faded within the strength Kain continued to offer. Her spirit eagerly drank it up, and soon he felt an intensity of care returned to him unlike anything ever experienced. It seemed to clarify his very perception of her.
'I allowed my destiny to be defined by the future you desired,' she whispered, 'and I welcome it. I long for it. As I have longed for you.'
Kain closed his eyes, taking in and releasing a long and deep breath at the revelation and what it did to the strong bond with her--it braided to an unbreakable strength. 'You are welcome to my future,' he whispered gruffly, and he could feel the name he sought tickling the corners of his mind.



Six
Arrivals

The Oracle stood beside Kain in spirit upon the deck of the trading vessel as it approached the dock behind Baron. 'And so you have arrived.'
She turned her focus on him as he continued to examine the busyness of the dock, those soldiers guarding entrance to the city, those keeping watchful eyes on the arriving and departing ships. A surge of welcome rose within Kain as he viewed the city and the bustle and the soldiers--and the massive castle rising up behind.
"Yes," he said simply, a whisper that hinted at how the sight moved him. He tightened his hold on the railing and immediately felt her essence cover one of his hands with her warmth. 'It is good to be home,' he told her.
'I am glad for you, Kain. As I am glad to be here to share this with you, if only in spirit.'
The week on the trading vessel bound for Baron had gone by too quickly. They had spoken of many things: futures, and opinions, and plans for a destiny together. The Oracle had originally felt hesitant to do so, but Kain pressed onward; gathering her opinions and desires for those things he knew she dreamed of as a child. Now those images and memories of her past came faster and easier, and her presence and warmth evolved to a constant form of comfort and care.
But Kain had not yet discovered her name.
Her sigh caressed his spirit. 'I wish I could stay fully with you.'
Kain inclined his head. 'As do I, but Seth still has many questions, and you still wish to teach him countless things of importance. I will be fine alone.' His lips twitched upward. 'Though I never feel alone, my lady. Your presence is a constant balm to this haggard spirit.'
She enfolded his hand in the warmth of her essence and gave it a gentle squeeze. 'As is yours, my lord dragoon. A boon of strength.' Then she caressed the hair above his ear and touched his cheek. 'I will be wishing for you,' she whispered.
The ship touched into the dock as the Oracle's presence and brightness dimmed. 'Be well, my lady,' he called after her.
The Oracle caressed his spirit, and he returned the touch before gathering his gear and proceeding down the plank to the dock. Sailors and soldiers, and merchants and commoners jostled about the dock disembarking, loading and greeting. Kain thirstily drank in the bustle and noise. It felt as if each individual welcomed him home. A home he had separated himself from for more than a year in search of a calm and peace that only came once he accepted what his past could teach him.
'Thank you for your patience and care, my lady. For without you, I would still be searching.' He felt her touch within and smiled.
"Lord Kain?"
Kain drew his awareness from within, noticing she still lingered, and focused on a man of middle age with auburn hair and athletic build. The man's face bore scars of battle but held a smile within bright eyes of charcoal. Kain returned the smile and eagerly clasped the man's forearm and shoulder in greeting. "Ebb! It has been too long since we fought together!"
Ebb, one of the Dragoons of Baron, laughed heartily as he returned Kain's firm grip. "Too true! And here you are, finally returned from your quest to Mount Ordeals. How do you fare, sir?"
Kain slipped into step beside him through Baron toward the castle. "Very well, Ebb, and victorious."
Ebb gave a curt nod. "Good, good," he chortled. "I've heard the Oracle of Mount Ordeals is a true miracle-worker. It seems it's no lie and no embellishment." Ebb pointed at Kain as a serious expression tightened his features. "She was bonded once to one of His Majesty's Red Wings. Elisha Duncan, I think his name was. Poor lad died before they could be married." He clucked his tongue while shaking his head. "Poor lass. I've heard she's been up there for nigh on two decades, since she was but a wee thing no bigger than a bucket."
Kain nodded. "Yes. Her gifts--"
"And what a gift they are!" Ebb interrupted. "Can speak straight into a man's soul." He again clucked his tongue. "Miracle worker, that's what I say."
Kain's lips twitched. "I agree, heartily." And he could feel the Oracle's slight laughter at the colorful personality of his friend.
"Are you on your way to the castle?"
"Indeed. I need to make arrangements to meet with His and Her Majesty."
"Arrangements? Don't you know? Any soldier of the Guard or Dragoons that sees you is to escort you immediately to the royal chambers."
Kain blinked in surprise as he stared at his friend. "How long has the order been in effect?"
Ebb laughed his hearty chuckle. "Since the day you left, sir."
Spirit resounding with the roar and rumble of camaraderie and friendship, Kain could barely think Cecil--All these months . . . . He never stopped acting as a loyal and trustworthy friend.
Ebb clapped Kain firmly on the back. "Every day His and Her Majesty ask after you, wanting to know if anyone has heard a message or a snippet of a 'How does he fare?' No one's been able to give them that, and I'm a little surprised that you didn't leave word, sir, no disrespect intended."
Kain waved it away. "Of course. I should have realized . . . ."
Motioning ahead, Ebb informed, "I can't leave my post, I'm in charge of security here on the dock, but you better quick-march on to the castle, sir. They're meeting with diplomats from some country to hell and gone, but I know they'll make special--"
"Thank you, Ebb," Kain said absently, turning away.
Kain strode forward, navigating his way through the crowd to the castle standing tall and assured beyond the city gates. The Oracle's presence firmed somewhat beside him. 'My lady . . . .' But the emotion of the constant acceptance and concern that his friend held took away all words.
'I know, my lord. I heard and felt the Truth.' Her touch was soft within. 'I am happy for you, Kain. Happy that this friendship you treasured has grown stronger in your absence. This is proof that the vision of your future is indeed a possibility.'
Guard Captain. A royal wedding. Sons holding places of honor within the Dragoons, thereby furthering the honor begun by his father. Kain's chest tightened, and the level of the emotion nearly choked him.

~*~*~

The diplomats were escorted from the room.
King Cecil released a deep breath and leaned back in his throne, his fingers tapping a rhythm on the arms of the massive chair as he focused his gaze outside. Queen Rosa noticed his distraction and reached over to cover his nearest hand with hers. Cecil focused on her and forced a small smile as he gave her hand a return pressure.
"He will come, my love," she soothed. "Please don't give up hope."
Cecil nodded, releasing another deep breath as his handsome face tightened with concern. "It's been so long, Rosa. I wish . . . ."
Her expression softened. "I know. I wish it as well."
Suddenly there sounded a commotion outside the throne room and a castle guard hurried into the room.
Cecil stood and stepped forward as Rosa rose up to follow behind him. "What is it?"
"Lord Kain!" the guard excitedly reported. "He has returned!"
"Kain!" Cecil grinned, pushing forward into the halls and beyond, Rosa stepping quickly after him.

~*~*~

The guards of the castle entry didn't question Kain's approach. They simply opened the doors and spoke greetings and welcomes that encouraged Kain's sense of belonging, urging his feet forward at a faster pace. Knights in the hall. Dragoons. Guards. Diplomats. All recognized and greeted Kain with wishings of well-being, congratulations on a safe return, and more.
"Kain!"
Kain heard and recognized the voice of his childhood friend and looked up. His comrade of arms. The new King of Baron, Cecil, strode toward him with a welcoming expression. Rosa, his Queen, hurried along behind with smiles, tears, and laughter of welcome.
Cecil strode up to Kain and firmly embraced him, laughing heartily as he spoke "Kain, my brother, welcome home!" in a voice that reverberated through the halls of the castle.
Kain returned the firm welcome, accepting also Rosa's softer embrace and the tear-filled whisper of "Kain . . . ." His spirit overflowed with joy and welcome, spilling over onto his cheeks even as he felt the Oracle's tears burn within.

~*~*~

"Amazing!"
"How romantic . . . ."
Kain's lips twitched upward as he took a long drought of wine from the golden goblet in his hand. Cecil and Rosa sat across from him in their personal chamber, the fire in the hearth crackling merrily in applause to the tale told of Kain's rescue from the wall of self-torture and the vision of his future, as well as the confession of his current quest.
Cecil's expression broke forth in a bright smile. "You went in search of peace and found more. Congratulations, Kain."
"Will you be returning to the lady Oracle immediately?" Rosa asked, her soft voice as familiar as if he never vanished from their side.
Kain set his goblet aside, welcoming the Oracle's presence beside him with a caress and an inward smile toward her. She had sent Seth along on a specific quest as a test. "I do not know," he said. "She trains her apprentice, and I do not wish to disturb that effort. I planned to remain here for a time, to offer my services once again to the protection of the realm."
"Do not be ridiculous!" Cecil protested. "There will be time for that once you have discovered her name and returned with her to make her your wife."
Rosa giggled. "Cecil, my love, Kain knows best, I feel certain."
Cecil's expression relaxed into a smile. He chuckled. "Of course. I apologize. I suppose the adventure and romance of the tale worked its magic on me."
Absently stroking the essence of her hand as it gently rested within his, Kain admitted, "Yes. The lady Oracle has that affect."
The Oracle smiled and increased the pressure of her hand in his. 'Kain, might I speak with them?'
‘Of course.' Kain cleared his throat and motioned to Rosa and Cecil. "She would like to speak with you, if you do not mind the sudden request."
Cecil and Rosa exchanged a surprised glance. Then Cecil leaned forward, intrigued. "She--she's here?"
"In a sense." Kain motioned beside him. "She stands here."
"Amazing," Cecil whispered.
To Kain's surprise, the Oracle's presence and essence shimmered and then took on a more physical form in front of them.
Cecil stood and bowed, and Rosa curtsied low. "My lady Oracle. It is an honor to finally meet you."
‘And you,' the Oracle said as she accepted their honors with a nod and a graceful curtsy. 'A great honor indeed.' She straightened, her hand still holding Kain's. 'I have watched you long, my King. Yours is a great future. One that gives hope to the hopeless and strength to those who have not the courage to move forward.'
Ears flushed, Cecil bowed again. "Thank you, my lady Oracle." Rosa reached over and clasped his hand. Cecil sent her a smile and tightened his clasp. "I am surprised I did not meet you also on Mount Ordeals when I was there seeking my Paladinship. To be truthful, I had not heard of your presence on Mount Ordeals until just recently; being King has its advantages," he added, smiling.
The Oracle's smile and voice were gentle. 'You had no need of my guidance, my King, for your father waited at the summit. Yours was a destined battle which had long burned within you. Therefore, I was not needed, and such a lack of need gives me joy.'
Cecil chuckled. Then he motioned to Kain. "Thank you for your great care with him. Name anything and I will see it done."
'I am Oracle, my King. It is my gift to help those who search for a different future.' She focused on Rosa. 'It is good to see you again, Rosa, my Queen.'
Rosa returned the Oracle's smile. "It is. I've thought of you often, my lady Oracle." She giggled and motioned to Kain. "I wish I knew your name, so that I could tell him."
The Oracle softly laughed. 'Yes. I know. Perhaps that is why the White Order instructs us to keep our names to ourselves?' Rosa's eyes twinkled. The Oracle motioned to Cecil. 'May I tell him of the future I have seen for you?'
Rosa's cheeks tinged pink, but she slightly nodded. "Of course."
Cecil raised an eyebrow as his focus moved from the Oracle to Rosa. "Future?"
Kain's lips twitched. 'Be kind and gentle, my lady.'
She caressed his spirit as she spoke. 'Blessings on you in abundance, Just King of Baron.' Cecil's ears flushed again as he looked to the Oracle. 'The years of prosperity and growth stretch out like the seas; filled with happiness and joy for your people and those you touch with your generosity and protection. So also will your house be filled. With honor. With justice. With friendship and with family. The sons of Baron will be honorable and strong, wise with the wisdom of their father and mother, the King and Queen. Your daughters will be beautiful and loved. Truth will fall from their lips and grace their table, directing their paths and the paths of their family. Such is the future I see for you. Such is the vision that will be.'
Cecil sat back in his chair in amazed silence.
Rosa softly smiled as she examined his profile. Then she directed his dazed attention to her with a simple tightening of her grip on his hand. "And I am carrying your first child."
Kain laughed outright. "Congratulations!"
Cecil mutely nodded, still dazed with the futures and children dancing in his head.
Rosa giggled and focused again on the Oracle. "Thank you."
'No. Thank you for offering your wishes regarding this man of honor. The constancy of your friendship . . . I could not have felled the wall without such wishes.'
Pulling himself from the amazement and wonder at that, Cecil smiled. "Kain is like a brother, my lady Oracle. I could do no less. I would have gone to Mount Ordeals to help . . . but I knew he had to fight this battle alone; just as I fought my own inner demons."
Kain shook his head. "I did not fight the battle alone, Cecil. As the Oracle says, your wishes were constantly there offering strength and a press to move forward."
Cecil's smile widened. "I am glad it did, Kain, just as I am glad the Oracle was able to give you the guidance you needed." Understanding twinkled in Cecil's eyes as he caressed Rosa's hand with his thumb. "You were not alone from day one."
The Oracle stroked Kain's inner self as she spoke to the King. 'I must go, my King. A searching soul needs my care, and my apprentice will soon discover the answer to his quest.'
Cecil and Rosa both stood. "Thank you for this visit, my lady Oracle. You are welcome back any time."
'Thank you, my King. Should my future indeed be paired with this man of honor, it would be my gift to act as Oracle to the King.'
"Of course!" Cecil looked to Rosa, who quickly nodded her agreement. "And I will send Kain back to you as soon as I can persuade him out the door of the castle."
The Oracle laughed and turned to Kain. 'Do as you feel compelled, my lord dragoon.' She touched his cheek with her lips and whispered 'The name will come when it is time to be spoken.' Then she straightened, curtsied gracefully to Cecil and Rosa, and disappeared. But though her presence and brightness dimmed, Kain could still feel her within.
Cecil released a quick breath. "So that is the Oracle of Mount Ordeals."
Rosa smiled and stepped close to Kain, resting a hand on his shoulder. "Kain, I am so happy for you."
Caressing the presence within, Kain absently nodded with a very slight smile.
"Well." Cecil clapped his hands once and rubbed them together. "Let's celebrate the future and the child and the arrivals with a feast." He pointed to Kain. "Then we will help you arrange transport back to Mount Ordeals via the Serpent Road to Mysidia and a fast chocobo thereafter."
Kain stood and bowed low. "Yes, your Majesty."
Cecil laughed and urged Kain and Rosa forward to the banquet hall beyond.

~*~*~

Kain heard soft footsteps and turned. Rosa approached his position on one of the higher parapets of Baron castle where he retreated after dinner in an effort to gather his thoughts and discuss a 'plan' with the Oracle for a questing of her name.
Unfortunately, she found herself in the midst of an important part of Seth's training and could not be with Kain in anything more than a slight tickle of warmth and wistfulness. This particular portion of the apprentice's training would keep her at a distance for nearly a week.
"So this is where you've come to hide." Rosa smiled and came to stand beside him. She giggled. "I have never seen Cecil so excited and determined to push his decisions on others. I am sorry for that, Kain. I suppose it is the fact you have found happiness after such a long period of pain. He wishes to hurry it along."
Kain smiled as he turned back to a viewing of the city outside the castle walls. "It is all right, Rosa. His push for me to return to Mount Ordeals makes me even more determined to do what is necessary to hurry that return and arrival."
Rosa regarded Kain's profile before leaning also against the stone walls of the parapet. "Are you close to finding the name?" she asked carefully.
Kain gave a slight nod. "I feel it lingering; just outside." He released a quick breath and shook his head. "I do not know where else to search in order to find a path to its revelation. I have spoken with the Oracle of those images and memories I see. I have spoken with her about the future she envisioned for me and what she would want for it . . . ." Kain focused on his one-time love's understanding expression. "What else do I need to do, Rosa?"
"What do you normally do on a quest to find something?"
Kain blinked and then smacked his forehead with the palm of his hand. "You go to those places where the answers would most likely be found," he said, disgusted. "I have been an idiot!"
Rosa laughed and rested a hand on his arm. "No, you have not, Kain. You have been distracted by the welcome that was to be had here." She gave his arm a squeeze. "I would recommend that you leave tonight, before Cecil can again bombard you with the demand to return to Mount Ordeals."
Kain smiled and gripped her hand. "Thank you, Rosa. If you distract him, I will gather my gear and leave for the White Order. That seems to be the place most prevalent within her memories."
Nodding, Rosa’s eyes twinkled with adventure. "Travel well and safe, Kain." She kissed him on the cheek. "And if you feel the name begin to whisper, hurry to Mount Ordeals. I know she will be deeply touched if you speak it to her before you even realize you have found its whisper."
Kain drew back and briefly nodded. "I will. Thank you again."
Rosa gently pushed and directed him away. "Hurry, Kain. A name waits for your arrival."
Kain smiled and turned to stride away, eagerness and adventure tightening his throat as the Oracle's presence brightly burned within.



Seven
Sought and Spoken

Sera released a long and deep sigh as she stared down upon the forests surrounding Mount Ordeals. She felt Seth's concerned scrutiny but could offer no assurance that she was anything but lonely. The strength and support of Kain only partially filled the hole caused by their separation. She missed Kain's presence as a bird missed the freedom of flight when injured. She missed his hesitant touch against her face as surely as a woman in love craved the voice of her lover in her ear. The bond had taken, and their distance only made it stronger.
Seth placed a caring hand on her arm. "He's coming back, my lady."
Sera finally turned her focus to the young man beside her. She smiled. 'Who is coming back, Seth?'
He returned her smile. "Your bonded, my lady. The other portion of your spirit."
Surprise replaced her smile. 'How did you know of this, Seth?'
Seth chuckled. "I saw a vision of you together while on my quest this week."
Gathering his hands in hers, an air and brightness of intensity burned in her silver-blue eyes. 'What was the vision, Seth?'
"A tall man with blond hair and dressed in the armor of the Guard Captain of Baron leading you up the grand hall of the White Order to the Elder for his blessing and performance of the wedding ceremony." Seth smiled wide. "Everyone in Baron will celebrate the wedding for a week after the ceremony, even when you and the Guard Captain are away on your wedding holiday."
Then Seth leaned toward her, his expression serious as he lowered his voice. "He asked me not to tell you, but he's journeying up the paths of Mount Ordeals right now to give you a surprise."
Any questions vanished as Sera gasped and turned to hurry down the main path of Mount Ordeals, her staff clasped tightly in one hand while the other gripped up her white robe to prevent a fall. A smile broke away the loneliness shadowing her face the same instant the hood of her robe fell back.
Sera laughed as she sent her essence forward in search of him. Her future. Her destiny. The man who held her very soul within his strength.

~*~*~

Kain felt the burning brightness of her search and laughter as he strode up the paths of Mount Ordeals. He smiled. Seth. But Kain knew well of her ability to seek and hear the Truth. Her name practically burst within to be spoken, hovering behind a thin film and pressing against it even as she compelled and surrounded his spirit with her love and acceptance. Kain took it into himself and returned it as strongly as possible, finally hearing the reality of her laughter in the distance.
His steps hurried just as the name began to break through the film and rise from the waves of passion, love and brightness--His eyes focused on hers, those eyes he had seen those months here and away. Those eyes he had seen within the images from her past that became a part of his quest for her future name.
"Kain!"
And the softness and brokenness of the first hearing of that feminine voice broke also the last barrier, ushering the final bond fully around his soul and hers. He gathered her into his arms with the whispered "Sera" and welcomed the completion of self and future as she welcomed him fully within.
The End

About the Author | Nona Mae King
Writing has been my passion since I was a child when I began creating skits and songs. My life would be empty without this call. There would be no purpose. No ending to guide my daily struggle. No story toward which to strive. Each day something beckons, and that--I know--is the waiting tale. One last happy ending.

Connect with Me Online:
Twitter:  http://twitter.com/writersprite
Facebook:  http://facebook.com/NonaKing
Smashwords:  http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/nonaking
My site: http://angelbreathbooks.com/ | http://mintfield.net
My blog: http://wordobsession.net

Reviews are Golden! Please consider leaving a review.

