
A Wolfland Novel 
Moon Rising












E.S Night  


Chapter One
Desire

I had the dream again last night, the same inexplicable, lifelike dream. I can’t stand this for much longer, seeing his face and feeling him here, I need something real. I wake up and I'm here, in my room. My first thought is always. “Please take me back to him!” How can you miss someone who you don’t even really know? Somebody you've never even met! I just don’t understand. This is the twenty-third time I’ve dreamt about this man and each time I end up deeper down the rabbit hole. Although, this time was different. Last night I actually found out his name – Grayson Hale. I must admit it feels nice putting a name to the face that's been seemingly haunting me, despite it being completely meaningless. Grayson Hale wasn't real after all.
Just saying his name makes this so much harder for me. Grayson – a name that I must have gone over a thousand times in my head renders me totally useless in my existing reality.
The dream begins like every other night. I fall asleep imagining the white wolf and how I long to hear the howls of his pack. Instantly I’m taken there. I'm flying like a bird above the ice and water, feeling time slow down all around me. A wooden cabin quickly captures my attention. At first glance, it's perfectly lit with warm candles immediately reminding me of the front of one of my mother's Christmas cards. The closer I look, the more things are coming into focus. The cabin appears to be a bar and most of my friends are there, partying without me. Some people are outside but I don’t recognise them, they're strangers to me - but they seem to know who I am.
My heart practically stops as I notice my ex-boyfriend, Jackson, sitting alone on a bench outside. I watch for a few minutes as a pretty, dark haired girl joins him and reaches out to hold his hand. I’ve somehow settled my feet on the ground now and I can't help but notice the white dress I’m wearing: it’s almost like a nightgown drowned in thin lace. This was definitely a dress that was far too good for me to wear.  I quickly bite my bottom lip trying hard not to let any of this upset me. Struggling to hold back the tears, I look for a distraction. My eyes eagerly investigate the faces unknown to me in the crowd, but then, unexpectedly, Jackson's eyes meet mine. Without a breath, he breaks through the horde of people, trying to get to me. I turn around, my blonde hair blowing in the cold wind. From nowhere, I see what look to be green eyes lighting up beside the bar and I start crying uncontrollably. It's strange, but I can feel raw emotion surging through me and I begin to run.
I travel through the heavy snow, the dress constantly getting caught under my feet. I stop just for a second to lift the dress up and that's when I hear the footsteps of something coming after me. I can’t even look back. I can only run forward. I sprint with all of the energy I can muster to the other side of the snow banks, towards the thick forest.
I'm literally seconds away from the forest edge but when I finally reach the woods, I slip off the embankment and begin to plummet down not able to stop myself. In every dream he rescues me, grabbing me by the waist and never letting me fall. We  race through the air and I can't focus on anything else but the pure ecstasy I’m feeling in that moment. It's the kind of feeling that makes a girl fall in love with a boy who only exists in her dreams. 
I quickly hit the ground in my saviour’s arms and like clock-work, I raise my head to see his face. He's beautiful. He is the most beautiful man I've ever seen. His dark brown hair falls perfectly on his shoulders and his eyes glow brilliantly in the shadows. He has one blue eye and one green; how unusual, I think to myself. Suddenly, his masculine arms tighten around me, as if he knows what's about to happen and doesn’t want to let me go. His delicate lips part for what seem like minutes as he whispers in my ear, “Grayson Hale, that’s my name. Please remember.” 
Everything then begins to fade. He moves further and further away from me and then – just like that – I wake up. I can't help it but afterwards I always feel like crying. It's like he knows me, like – really understands me. Like I've known him my entire life.  
My mother interrupted my meaningful reflection by calling to me from  downstairs, eager to drive me out of my room. I moved to the edge of the bed, catching my blue sleeveless T-shirt on the corner of an old pine drawer. I ripped the material from the sharp wooden teeth that were holding my shirt hostage, quickly falling back onto my bed in protest. Oh, I wished I could just lie in bed all day. 
“Abigail!” I sighed, hearing my mum's second morning call. I lifted my head, blowing the hair from my face knowing the inevitable third squawk was coming. I tilted my head, puzzled at the fact my window was open. I couldn't remember opening it. I stretched out my arms, releasing a sound from my mouth that could only be replicated by a dolphin. Shivering, I realised it was much colder outside than usual. The sky was a perfect shade of white and I'd never seen it like that before. Although, it was still raining and that comforted me enough to know that nothing was really wrong. The amount of rain we see here, is certainly nothing new. Perhaps it was an early sign that winter was coming. 
On the largest island of the Isles of Scilly, a small settlement called Hugh Town thrives under the burden of Atlantic storms. The Isles of Scilly lie twenty-eight miles south-west of Land’s End. The word ‘isolated’ doesn’t even begin to do this place justice, and for as long as I can remember this island has only been inhabited by 2000 people – maybe now a few more. Definitely a kind of ‘love the one you’re with’ type of town.
Like I said, it rains incessantly here especially at this time of the year. I actually like the rain, I love everything about it. Most nights I watch the autumn storms when the winds are battering the boats in the harbour. I’m forever sunset spotting in the village, climbing up to the Garrison Wall to watch the sun slowly lay down over the islands. It was only yesterday, before I went to sleep, that I found myself spending too much time gazing through the lens of my camera. I take photographs of the green light that continues to brighten up the sky as the sun sinks down beneath the horizon. The locals like to call it a mystery. When I was younger, about six years old walking along the beach with my mum, I was rewarded with the most brilliant green flash for just a few seconds as the sun disappeared. From that point on I was somewhat obsessed by it. My mum likes to tell me, it's God's way of saying hello to us. You never know, she might be right. God might like this little Island of ours, I certainly do. 
Most people have a favourite place they like to go to when things get difficult in their lives and mine beyond any doubt is the Garrison Wall. The walls extend over 350 years. After the defeat of the Spanish Armada, some of the wall was rebuilt and expanded around the cliffs fearing another similar attack. The wall’s defences were still being put into military operations during the Second World War – I guess that’s what I liked about it, that it had survived all this time. I usually keep myself to the outer wall around the projection of Hew Hill. This section protects the town and castle, having gun batteries built at fixed points around the outer wall. I could literally talk about the history of this island all day. 
“Abigail Marie Lawson!” My mum yelled to me. “Come down for your breakfast, you’re going to make me late for the boat.”
I fell out of bed, grabbing my dressing gown from the oak chair that my mum had refurbished last month for my birthday. I’d managed to throw my beautiful, handmade cushion on the floor that she’d also crafted; I decided to leave it there in a silent objection to her getting me up.
I headed down the stairs, quickly grabbing the banister rail feeling unsteady on my feet. I was obviously still reeling from the dream I’d just had. I looked around the corner of the kitchen to see mum making pancakes on the stove. She caught me off guard and I paused for a second, immediately realising how much I looked like my mum. Her blonde tresses of silky hair were wafting beautifully through the kitchen and her deep-set piercing blue eyes were reflecting through the bay window. My mum had an elf like nose that dropped delicately down from its point and her cupid’s bow pink lips were lusciously plumped to perfection. Dimples only slightly noticeable to me, pressed attractively under her high cheekbones, both complementing her snow-white complexion. My mum immediately turned around flying straight into the fridge injuring her elbow, blaming me for startling her.
“Come sit down, I have to go soon.” She said moving all over the kitchen trying to put the pan in the sink. “You do realise Abi that normal people don’t tend to sleep until one o clock in the afternoon.” My mum’s soft hands delivered my food to the table, her long, thin fingers tipped with painted and polished, ruby-red nails. I nodded my head acknowledging her nice gesture and said thank you.
Suddenly I became extremely conscious of the fact our size was possibly the only difference between us. She stood next to me at 5’5 and had a gorgeous slim figure; she must only weigh about 110lbs. I have to guess because there's no way that my mum would ever tell anyone her actual weight and that included keeping it top secret from me. God knows why – she's perfect unlike myself. I'm more like 5’1 and have a voluptuous figure that pours into what I am told is a sought after hourglass shape. I'm fairly secure in the 130lb bracket.  
I sat down eager to tuck into my breakfast, hanging my legs daintily over the wooden bench edging towards the kitchen table. I dug the fork into my food, playing with the golden syrup my mum had generously poured over the top of my pancakes. 
 “Where’s Logan?” I spoke, eventually realising my brother was nowhere to be seen. 
Mum paused. “He’s in bed; he’s not going to school today.” 
My humour turned quickly to concern. “Eh? Why?” 
“He feels sick and has a temperature, so he’s staying home with you.” She said quickly biting her lip, aware of my irritation.
“Mum! I can’t look after Logan, the bed and breakfast and do all of my coursework at the same time, you’ll be gone tonight and tomorrow for God’s sake.”
I hated living in a bed and breakfast! Well - we sort of live in a bed and breakfast. Our house is our personal space, but it’s joined on to the guest section through the communal kitchen. It was my mum’s dream of running this type of business and my dad blissfully obliged, paying for her to be happy. Don’t get me wrong – when we first moved in it was a right shit hole to be honest. Mum lovingly restored this elegant deep-rooted beach house through unyielding hard work and determination. I'm still in utter shock that she completed it in only one year and managed to stick to dad’s tight budget. She loved tastefully decorating the guest bedrooms and cooking breakfast in the mornings. My mum was an amazing cook, although you wouldn’t know it from the burnt pancakes steaming on my plate.
Overall, she was great at her job, most people who stay here come back time and time again during the summer just to see her. But, I repeat - I hated it! In the spring and summer, it’s great; I can actually be seen having a good time with the guests and willingly doing my bit to keep the place running smoothly. In spite of this, in autumn and winter we have no customers. Winter's approaching and we’ve had the odd visitor staying with us but nothing even remotely close to what we need to keep this place afloat. For these two seasons a year, my mum withdraws and I get to see her stressing frantically every day. I say again – I HATE THIS PLACE!
“Shush keep your voice down, I know it’s a lot Abi but I need you to do this for me while I go to the bank on the mainland. You understand how important it is that I get to that appointment tomorrow; staying overnight is the only way I'll get there in time for the morning. Abi, I’ve explained all of this already, and there are no guests staying tonight. If someone asks for a room, ring Konrad. I’ve asked him to drop by in the evening and make sure you two are alright anyway, but I can’t take your brother all that way when he’s ill, can I?”
I could sense her embarrassment and I didn’t want to press any further, but seriously, as if I needed Konrad to check up on us. Konrad was my mum’s younger brother, also known as my angry, weird mechanic uncle. The shaping of tears in my mum’s eyes was now visible although she did try to hide her face from my line of sight.
“I’m sorry, I can handle it. You just go and get ready, everything will be fine.” Mum brought me closer into her arms and held me tightly against her chest. I could feel her desperation as she held me, but I remained ignorant as always to our money problems, which is exactly the way my mother preferred it.
“Don’t worry about me.” She urged. “Everything will be okay. I love you, it’s just one night.” She let go of me and then shifted out into the hallway.
I looked down at my plate contemplating what life would be like if dad still lived with us. He moved out just three years ago. My parents pretend that someday they’ll get back together, they’re only separated and constantly use this as an excuse. They will do anything to avoid actually dealing with their problems. Fortunately, my brother and I aren’t in the same concerning denial about our parent’s relationship. We fully understand that it won’t end well, we get it - it’s over; we just wish they'd realise it has finished so they could both move on and dad would stop holding his money hostage.
My dad, Henry is a top surgeon in London and lives in an amazing apartment. He's miserably single because he hardly ever agrees to go on dates, although he has plenty of admirers. I think he’s still waiting for mum to take him back, which is not exactly working out for him. He's basically trying to blackmail her; it's almost become his sadistic little hobby. My mum has no shortage of male attention, she’s beautiful so I can see why, but she just completely puts herself out there with any man who is remotely good looking. Last week she went on two dates with a landscape gardener, who validates exactly what is wrong with the type of guy she ends up with, no offence to my dad – actually yeah - offence definitely intended towards my dad. He’s arrogant, selfish and egotistical, although my mum has the gardener fixing our back yard at the moment so guests can sit outside. He's probably only doing that so he can get laid and knowing my mum, it’ll probably work.
All of a sudden, I felt a huge wave of anxiety flood over me. I knew that I’d left something at the Garrison Wall last night. I'd taken my mum’s phone from the desk when mine wouldn't turn on. Worried that I would miss the green light, I borrowed, well – stole my mum's. 
Leaping from my seat and running out of the kitchen I knew I had to get it back before my mum left for the mainland. I shot upstairs in a panic and changed into some tattered jeans and a white vest top, grabbing my converse from off the floor.
“Where are you going?” Mum asked from her bedroom. “I’m just nipping to the shop; I’ll literally be about ten minutes!” I shouted fully knowing that I would be longer. 
“Be back for 3 o clock, I mean it Abi, don’t be late. I need to catch the boat at half 3.”
“I won’t be, I promise I’ll be back in time.” I said in hoping I was more convincing than I felt. I hurried downstairs snatching my leather jacket off the banister and ran out of the door.
Shit, shit, shit I thought to myself as I stumbled down the beach heading towards the forest. If I cut through the woods and didn't use the main road, I’d make up some time. The weather was brutally cold. It didn’t make any sense but I didn't have much time to think about it. I hurried through the woodland as fast as my short legs would allow. Suddenly I felt incredibly uneasy and threatened, like someone was watching me, staring me down. I looked all around me, but I couldn’t see anything strange, there was no one there. I continued up the forest path moving faster now, still believing I was being followed. I finally reached the opening to the clearing and could already see the phone lying there from last night. I carefully moved up the hill and then climbed onto the wall, grabbing the phone. I tried and failed to switch it on, the battery was dead as a door nail, but I knew that mum could charge it when she got off the island.
Out of nowhere, I heard the sound of a boat coming into the harbour. I looked down to the ocean to see who it was carrying. I saw a few passengers, but couldn’t make out any faces quite yet. Fear suddenly crept up on me again, as I remembered mum needed to be getting back on the very same boat. I needed to hurry! In that split second as I looked back to the water, I couldn’t physically catch my breath. I genuinely wanted to see who it was that was travelling to the island but consciously stopped myself and hurried back down the wall to the woods and my house. 


Chapter Two
Understanding Your Limits

“Are you serious Abigail? Did you leave it until the last-minute on purpose? It’s getting bloody dark.”
“I’m sorry, don’t forget your phone.” I handed it to her, attempting to look blameless. It didn’t work.
Mum locked on my childlike eyes, hesitating before she spoke. “Come and give me a hug you idiot.” She quickly pulled me into her chest. “Now listen, I left Logan’s medicines on the kitchen table with a list of when he’s supposed to take them. Are you listening? Make sure he takes his codeine before he goes to bed, or he’ll be up all night in pain.”
“I have done this before mum, I know what he takes, don’t worry. It’s like what - a night and half a day. I think I can keep him alive for that long.” I laughed. 
 “That’s not funny, smart arse, just be safe and act sensibly. I love you, I’ve said goodbye to Logan and I think he's on the verge of falling asleep, so just leave him to rest till he needs his night pills.”
 “Alright, bye mum, love you.” I said, ushering her out of the front door.
 “Okay, be good, I’ll call you when I get to the hotel.” I heard her say as I  closed the door behind her.
I watched from the living room window as mum walked down to the harbour in front of the house. I actually felt quite calm about the whole thing; finally, I have some quiet for the rest of the day. Surprisingly, I was able to get the rest of my literature coursework finished in about three hours, although finding the rest of it in my bedroom was going to be challenge.
“Abigail? Is that you?” I could hear my brother calling.
Oh well, it was nice while it lasted. I ran quickly upstairs to Logan’s room and opened the door. “What’s up Logan? Do you need anything?” 
“I’m fine, I’m just hungry.” 
 “You're not in any pain or anything? Mum said you felt awful.”
 “My chest hurts a bit, but nothing like I was making out. I just didn’t want to go to school and then to the mainland. I just wanted to stay here.” He explained obviously pleased with the success of his little plan.
 “You can’t joke about these things Logan, how will I know now when you’re not taking the piss? Promise me that you'll never do that again!” 
“I won't, I promise. I’m sorry – alright? It won’t happen again – just don’t tell mum.” Logan begged. If Logan was any other kid, I’d understand him pretending he was ill to get out of school, hell I’d probably be encouraging it just to annoy mum. But Logan is definitely not your average kid.
When I was eight years old, mum and dad sat me down and told me about the surgery that Logan had to have. I initially found out after repeatedly asking them about the scar on his chest and why he had to visit the doctor so often. When Logan was a baby, he was diagnosed with a medium VSD (Ventricular Septal Defect) also known as a hole in his heart. The Doctor first spotted it during Logan's first health checks when he was born. Often when a baby's born with a hole in their heart it closes on its own shortly after birth. The way I understand it - Logan’s hole was too big for his body to deal with and he needed surgery to repair it. The surgery went perfectly, but the incision left a scar in the middle of his chest and to this day Logan is still self-conscious about it in gym class.
 For years, my little brother has had to take medication to help his heart pump more effectively. The meds get rid of any extra fluids around his system. Recently, his chest has been hurting again so the Doctor has prescribed stronger pain meds. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried.  
I sighed. “Come on, let’s just get you something to eat.” Logan jumped out of bed with enthusiasm and put on his slippers. “I’m sorry for shouting bud, but you had me worried. Just don’t do it again, okay?” I always try to be sympathetic to Logan’s situation.
“I, won’t, I promise, can we get pizza?” 
“Yeah, anything you want.” I agreed, walking down the stairs. Just as I was about to pick up the phone, it started ringing. “Hello? This is the Wheelhouse, how can I help you?”
“Is this Abigail?” A gruff man’s voice answered.
“Erm, yes, this is she, sorry, who’s this?” I squinted at Logan, wondering who the strange caller was. 
“You should leave. There are things you need to know. Please don’t trust anyone.”
“Jackson, is that you? Nice voice app you've got there. Stop ringing the house you’re making yourself look pathetic.” I shrieked slamming the phone down.
“Jackson, again?” Logan asked, seeing the fearful expression on my face.
“Yeah, I guess. He’s really starting to creep me out now - I’m going to call Uncle Konrad, I bet he’ll stay with us for the night.” I said trying to sound more confident than I actually felt. I reached for the phone again.
“What a loser – he needs to get a clue. What's that now? Four nights in a row.” My brother said furiously.
I only spent two short minutes on the phone asking Uncle Konrad to come and stay the night with us before he happily agreed. He wouldn’t miss an opportunity to play Xbox with Logan for the evening. My uncle was definitely the man I wanted around if something bad happened. He can be quite intense at times and really overstate his opinion on things, but for the most part, he’s like a second dad to Logan and me, and for the last three years, he’s been our only dad.
From what I've been told Konrad had a tough childhood, he was troublesome and angry when he was younger and mum always tried to protect him. My mum is two years older than my uncle and as his older sister always felt responsible for him, she still does, even now. When mum was twenty years old, she and my uncle were coming back from a joint friend’s birthday party when she stopped for money on the way home. My uncle stayed in the car and watched my mum collect her money from the cash point; he couldn’t have been more than twenty feet away from her. The way my mum described it, a man in a mask suddenly appeared from round the wall and grabbed her. He started groping her and pulling at her dress. Konrad rushed out of the car and in a rage quickly reached for the screwdriver in his toolkit that was sitting in the back seat. Mum still to this day believes that Konrad only meant to scare him but that wasn't what happened. My uncle plunged the screwdriver into the man's chest without any hesitation. At least that's what a witness said on their statement. They called the Police, but regrettably, they had to take my uncle into custody. They found out later that night that the man had died on the way to the hospital.
It was so unfair, Konrad was sentenced to four years in prison, it could have been much longer, a man had died after all, but the judge showed leniency and assured our family it was self-defence. Just before the verdict, my uncle made mum promise that she wouldn’t visit him in prison, he said that she wasn’t accountable for his actions and that he didn’t want reminding of everything he was missing in the outside world. Mum reluctantly agreed but my uncle had threatened to never talk to her again, so she really had no choice. After serving his sentence, on his release from prison Konrad went straight back to the Island to see my mum. Mum said that Konrad returned a different man. Apparently, he was more confident and self-assured, more intelligent even. She couldn’t believe how much prison had changed him for the better. Mum said she announced her pregnancy to him as soon as he got back and that alone encouraged him to stay, I guess in some way, he stayed for me.
While I was waiting for Konrad to turn up, I quickly made sure the front door was locked and went through the house making sure everything else was safe. I’d just finished checking the bathroom window when I heard a sudden crash coming from downstairs.
“What was that?” Logan shouted, running towards me.
“Get in your bedroom and lock the door!” I screamed, pushing him towards his room. “Stay in there until I tell you to come out.” I could hear Logan locking his door.
I crept down the staircase, clutching the handrail. I felt completely sick, like something terrible was about to happen. As I made my way down to the bottom of the stairs, I looked around the corner – this couldn't be happening. The front door was wide open. I froze in terror, I knew that I had locked that door minutes before. I heard another noise coming from outside the house. A shadowy figure was walking around to the kitchen window. I could hear them coming towards the door. I couldn't move. I physically couldn’t move a muscle. I heard footsteps coming in through the doorway and to my relief it was my uncle Konrad.
I ran to him, giving him a huge hug. He could feel my shaking body collapse in his arms. “Abigail, what’s the matter? Did something else happen? Abigail?” I couldn’t talk to him; I just started to sob into the left side of his suede jacket. I couldn’t control myself. I was petrified that someone had been inside the house.
After I'd calmed down a little, my uncle pulled me into the living room as he wrapped me up in a blanket. “I’m just going to get Logan, where is he? The bedroom?”
“Yes, he’s in there; just tell him it’s okay to come out.” I explained still shaken with worry.
Logan bolted downstairs and headed towards the living room. He ran straight to me. “I have to ring the police, now are you two entirely sure you heard someone in the house?” My uncle asked sternly.
Before I could even answer, Logan spoke. “We're certain. I heard them myself, there was a phone call and then a crash from something and a –”
“Did you unlock the front door? Did you knock over the vase on the shelf?” I interrupted.
“No, I didn’t.” Konrad responded. 
“Then I’m certain that someone was in this house.” 
“Okay, I believe you Abi. I just wanted to make sure – okay.” My uncle tried to justify his questions. I grabbed Logan to pull him down next to me on the sofa. I could sense his confusion, so I tried to comfort him by draping the blanket over his shoulders, holding him close. My uncle headed into the kitchen to call the police.
I still had the thought that something or someone was still here, watching us. I could hear my Uncle talking to the police, which made me feel slightly more protected somehow. I decided to turn on the outside lights to the front porch, leaving the blanket covering Logan. I made my way to the window next to the front door and to my disbelief, I saw a man standing outside wearing a white mask holding his head fully to the right, he was almost touching his own shoulder. I didn’t realise that Konrad had followed me. I screamed in fear, just as my uncle charged through the door racing onto the beach to chase the man threatening our home.
He managed to tackle the stranger to the ground yanking off his mask just as the police were pulling onto our property. It was a man I hadn’t seen before; he looked a little younger than Konrad, in his early thirties perhaps. His eyes were a steely grey eagerly gazing into mine. He wouldn’t stop looking at me. My uncle must have seen his obsession because it took three policemen to pry my uncle away from the man. Konrad has always struggled to control his anger but even so, he was being extremely dramatic. Thankfully, the police didn’t feel it was necessary to arrest my uncle for his behaviour. The officer in charge decided that Logan and I had been through enough of an ordeal already, without our uncle getting arrested and spending the night in a cell. 
Konrad moved furiously towards the porch, pushing straight past me. I stayed outside to watch the policemen impatiently place the offender in their car. I kept watching until the cars began to pull away. Even through the car window the man was still hungrily staring at me, smirking as if he got what he wanted. As the car lights were fading from the road, I couldn’t help but look towards the water. I became aware of two men walking along the beach, obviously entertaining themselves with the drama that had unfolded just outside my house. I couldn’t see them properly and I didn’t care to, I wanted to make sure my uncle was okay. I stepped back inside and hastily turned down the porch light whilst kicking my trainers off into the living room.
“We're going to have to go down to the police station and make a statement.” Konrad said.
“What? They're making us go now? Can’t it wait till morning, I’m shattered - Logan’s shattered.” I complained.
“Yeah, they said we could leave it until then. You two head up to bed - I’ll ring your mum and let her know what’s happened. I’ll sleep down here and make sure everything’s safe.”
“Thank you, good night.” Logan and I said together gratefully.
I made sure Logan was okay, but the kid was exhausted and he just wasn’t up for a discussion. I stepped into my own bedroom, quietly closing the door behind me. The evening had been eventful to say the least but still, the only thing I could think about was missing the green light on the Garrison. I got changed into my blue nightdress and headed straight into bed. I lay there for a few minutes but just couldn’t fall asleep.
Most nights when I can’t sleep, I turn to my phone and listen to some music but tonight was different. I can't describe it, but something seemed to be pulling me towards the window. I slowly got out of bed and reached for the slippers under my desk and within a few seconds after seeing a glimpse of the moon, I opened my window as wide as it would go. The moon looked incredible tonight, so near, almost magical somehow. I could feel the cool breeze rush into my room causing me to grab my dressing gown from the chair at the side of me. 
All at once, I heard a sound from outside, as if someone was tapping on something, trying to get my attention. I heard it continuously for about five minutes, it started to get louder and I fought the urge to shout out hello – but what if someone had answered me, how would I even begin to react. Even though the moon shone brightly in the sky, I couldn’t see anything in the back garden, everything was black. I strongly sensed that eyes were following my every move. In spite of this, I didn’t feel frightened, I felt protected in a weird kind of way. 
I cautiously closed the window not wanting anything else to happen to me tonight and quickly made my way back into bed glancing back at the window. I’d witnessed more than my fair share of madness for one night and I only had one more thing left to think about as I closed my eyes – Grayson Hale. 


Chapter Three

It’s You

 “What the hell was that?” I didn’t have the dream. I think I actually dreamt of shopping with my mum on the mainland. WTF. In my mind, there were only three things to consider:
1.      In what century would I ever be shopping with my mother? 
2.      I HATE the mainland. 
3.      Where the hell was my dream about Grayson bloody Hale?
I couldn’t believe it. This was the first night in nearly a month that I didn’t see him. I worried if I would ever see him again or if this was just a fluke; perhaps the events of last night triggered some kind of break down in my head. Maybe tonight I’d be fine again! I felt like testing it - falling asleep again right in that very moment.
“Abigail are you awake? We need to get down to the police station.” Konrad yelled from outside the door.
“Yeah, I’m up. I’ll get ready and meet you downstairs.” I said touchily, obviously responding to his crap timing.
Why is this family so hell bent on not giving me space when I need it the most. I collapsed back on the bed deliberately avoiding the fact that I needed to get ready. I was behaving like a spoiled brat, but all I wanted to do was see Grayson and I couldn’t even get that right. This day was going to blow.
After showering, I thought I‘d leave my hair down, it usually goes pretty curly when it's left to dry on its' own. I glanced outside at the weather and seeing it was finally much brighter. I decided to wear the white summer dress my mum bought me. I matched it with my black leather jacket and light blue converse. I looked in the mirror and for the first time in forever, I felt pretty good about myself. I noticed the makeup on my dresser and thought I’d go for it. I applied a little foundation to my pasty white skin, some clear lip balm and then heavily used up the rest of my mascara.
I headed down the stairs grabbing my shoulder bag from the stack of clothes left on my floor.
“Wow, where do you think you’re going?” My uncle said, astonished at the effort I’d put into my appearance.
“To the police station with you, why?” 
“You just look different, good different, but still, Logan doesn’t she look different?” He said apparently using the only adjective he could muster.
“Yeah, you look great.” Logan spluttered through his jam on toast. They were right – I did look different. I’m more of a T-shirt and jeans kind of girl unless I’m going anywhere relatively nice and then I’m strictly about dresses. It wasn’t like me to wear anything like this during the day; I don’t know what came over me but I didn't care, I felt good.
“Alright, let’s be off then.” Konrad urged, gathering his phone from his jacket pocket. I snatched a piece of toast from Logan’s plate as he shoved me towards the door, clearly frustrated that I’d pinched it. It was only a short ride to the police station, exactly ten minutes from our house by car.
I’m normally an extreme worrier. The type of person who literally cries in panic over losing their homework or car keys and fixates on what regular people is insignificant, unimportant stuff. I’m usually uncontrollable in the anxiety department, but today that just wasn’t the case. The police station was right in the centre of Hugh Town, so everybody in town knew if something exciting was going on, although thank God the public entrance is on the side street and not the main road. I doubt my unusual optimism would have lasted very long if I could see people looking at me, walking into the building. 
There are two huge glass doors that you have to walk through in order to enter the building; they always remind me of those sci-fi films that my granny always watched. An Officer Linley, an older man with very distinctive features was quick to greet us at the entrance. I didn’t really speak to him, but he seemed polite enough and tried to put us all at ease. He asked us to follow him through reception and as we walked, he explained that we would be interviewed in the rear of the building. 
As we turned the corner of the second hallway, I noticed a restroom; I really wanted to interrupt my uncle’s monologue about car engines and run straight into the toilet and be sick, suddenly my self-assured attitude started to weaken. I somehow resisted and continued moving at a relatively sluggish pace. My uncle and the police officer were clearly kindred spirits and belonged together isolated in a garage somewhere, far, far away from me. At the end of the hallway was a hefty floor to ceiling painting that looked like it had been created by the children of the town, after all the piece was called 'children playing.' The more I focused on it, the more relaxed I began to feel. To the right of the mural was the office that we were going to be giving our written statements in. The officer took us in one at a time with the exception of Logan who had to go in with a supervising adult. 
I wrote out the statement carefully making sure I had it just right. I then asked him to read it aloud to me to make sure it was perfect, I didn’t want to say anything that wasn’t true. I signed the statement saying it was an exact account of what had taken place last night and he told me that I could leave. It was then my turn to question him. The Officer, of course, couldn’t tell me much as there was still an ongoing investigation into what happened. He did, however, express the opinion that it seemed the stranger had a predetermined obsession; apparently, his flat was filled with photographs of me and my family. He assured me that the man would stay in custody for several weeks as he showed signs of severe schizophrenia. I didn’t want to hear anymore after that, I needed to block this entire thing out. I felt physically sick when I thought about what could have happened. I thoughtfully thanked Linley for his time and left the room, determined to put this all behind me. Obviously that was going to be easier said than done. 
My brother and uncle had already given their written statements so it was time to make tracks and to be honest, it was probably just in time. Authority figures start to give me hives after a while. I was glad we were leaving, even though I’d just remembered that I had to drop my coursework off today. My college was unfortunately on the mainland, which meant I had to walk, get on a boat, walk to college, sit there, nod, and then wait for another boat later in the day to get back. I also knew that my day wouldn’t finish there, I’d then be interrogated by my mum about what happened last night. 
We made it home in next to no time, I ran upstairs to get my college material together. I was almost ready when my mobile rang on the bed making me jump out of my skin. My heart was beating so fast I could literally hear it thumping in my chest. 
“Hello? Is this Abigail Lawson? It’s Claire Fletcher at Arrowsmith College.” My tutor explained.
“Err, yes it is. Hi Claire, is there a problem? I’m supposed to be coming in today to give a presentation on my coursework.” I asked warily waiting for Claire to clarify the reason for her phone call.
“Hi Abi, there’s no problem at all. The notes that you've emailed me are wonderful - I just thought that with a renowned published author having arrived on your island yesterday, you might want to pick her brain for a few days. I’ve told her all about you and she agreed that you can take as many notes as you like. After this week you can send me your coursework draft, on let's say the 17th - Friday. I know it’s difficult for you to come to the mainland all the time, so just email me a copy, but I couldn’t let you hand in your essay without utilising a valuable tool like her first.”
“Wow, well first, thank you for telling me about her. I mean, thank you for telling her about me. I’d love to meet her, who is she? Have I got a meeting set up or anything?”
“You are very welcome. Her name is Anna Landon, the writer of Apprehension and reasoning of –”
“The mind.” I interrupted. “I can’t believe it, she’s one of my favourite authors, what is she doing here? Thank you so much Claire!” 
“No problem.” Claire chuckled at my eagerness. “Yes, so no need to come into college this week, just go straight to her address from 11am to 3pm. She will be expecting you. She lives at 23 Clementine walk on St Mary’s island - lucky for you. I hope you have a great time, although I'd better be going now Abigail, good luck and I can’t wait to read your first draft.” She said frantically, obviously late for something.
I couldn’t believe it! I was going to be introduced to Anna Landon today and essentially work with her on MY coursework. Nothing this good ever happens to me, I was shaking, it felt so good. I fixed my eyes on the alarm clock beside the bed to check the time and shit! It was nearly quarter past ten. I grabbed all the paperwork, attempting at the last-minute to arrange my coursework into some kind of order that would hopefully impress Anna. It was a lost cause; I just didn’t have the time to do it properly after the aftermath of last night. I didn’t want to barrage her with excuses about my lack of organisation but I could only hope that Anna would be gracious enough to not criticise my shortcomings.
Irritated by my lack of preparation I hurled my coursework into my shoulder bag and left my mobile phone in my room. Sprinting down the stairs, I informed my uncle about my meeting with the author, it was clear from his face that he had no idea who she was, but he still congratulated me with enthusiasm and understood that I desperately needed to go. He agreed to update my mum as soon as she got home. After what transpired last night I’m sure my mum would rather I’d have stayed home, but I wasn’t about to contemplate missing this opportunity.
I was running late, too late. I recklessly decided to use the short cut through the woods again. The wind was much gentler today; a soft breeze blew quietly through the olive painted trees. The leaves danced in the warm air, drawing them unwillingly away from the late autumn ground. Tall silhouettes of the trees were shadowing the land and black ravens were circling in the clouds. The picturesque scene of the woods failed to distract me from the constant feeling that someone, something was still tracking me. Wickedness lurked deep within the trees, watching my every step or at least that's how it felt. Finally, I reached the top of the road and I immediately felt safer knowing that the cars passing by would see me.
Hiking further up the precipitous hill, I saw what was the most beautiful house I could ever imagine. The building was truly incomparable to any other I had ever seen. I could see soaring columns at the front of the house, friezes and curved windows twenty feet high. The garden was impeccable regardless of winter descending. As I walked forward stillness echoed in the landscape, it practically brought tears to my eyes. This garden was trying to talk to me, as if it held a profound secret and now wanted to tell someone, and that someone was me.
I approached the front steps of the house gasping at the entirety of the peaceful environment, it felt like I was in a dream. I tentatively knocked at the heavy, wooden door and started to question my sanity, I just couldn’t shake the weird feeling that I'd been here before. In my mind, I'd already experienced this; I’d been here thousands of times before this moment. My fear had finally grown too much and I became terrified of what was behind that door, was I losing my mind? I fired up to run and got as far as the shrubs near the steps, when I heard a soft tender voice speak from the porch.
“Hello? Can I help you?” The Irish voice said gently.
I don’t know what happened to me, but I just stood still, not knowing why I was so afraid to turn around. I found the strength from somewhere to move my body towards the door. I felt my pulse stop, I'm sure of it as I gazed upon the man’s face. I wished my mind would tell my mouth the words to say. I stared into his eyes for what felt like hours, still not moving an inch. 
Eventually my lips whispered. “It’s you.” I said visibly upset. “Grayson?” I asked mystified at the name I’d just said aloud. It couldn’t be the man I had all those dreams about, it just couldn’t, this wasn’t real.
Grayson frowned noticeably confused by my behaviour. “Yes. I’m Grayson, do I know you?”
I reluctantly answered him with the truth, as I knew it. “I think we’re supposed to meet, my name is Abigail.”


Chapter Four

Impossible 

Grayson’s face was even more impressive in reality. Unbelievable - it was actually him. The person who had been haunting my nights with his beautiful presence, the man I had fallen head over heels in love with was standing right in front of me. He was exactly how I pictured him, the roguish man with a rebellious untamed lock of hair and a soft Northern Irish accent.
Standing outside with him, I must confess, he was making me anxious. Grayson appeared to be somewhat intense. There’s a strong sense of pain behind his eyes, it’s strangely captivating, his stare makes you feel like he can see straight into your soul. He genuinely has the strongest eyes I've ever seen and much like in my dream, he has one green and one blue eye. There’s a sense of danger that completes Grayson, a flawed character with a definite arrogance and superiority complex. A person who honestly seems to have forgotten what it’s like to have any humanity, but still there’s something tragically beautiful in that. I had met him for only a few minutes, but I seemed to have learned so much about him, as if I already knew Grayson. 
“Who is it? Is it Abigail?” Another voice through the hallway asked.
“Yeah Anna, she’s here.” Grayson said, appearing to struggle for words.
She sighed. “Hello! Welcome Abigail, why didn’t you invite her in?” 
 “Oh, it was my fault, I tripped on the step, I was just getting up.”
Anna's polite expression turned to concern. “Are you alright?” 
“Erm - I'm fine.” I smiled, glancing down at my shoes, trying to turn my face away from Grayson.
“Good, I'm pleased, come with me; we have a lot of work to do, don’t we?” Anna made me feel like she was genuinely excited to be working with me. I cautiously pushed past Grayson as he stood in the doorway; it was as if he deliberately wanted me to touch him. I could feel his frustration from not being able to continue our conversation. I yearned for him to talk to me even though the very thought of it sent a chill all the way through my body.
I entered the house and instantly my eyes were drawn to the spectacular entrance hall practically bursting with large, brown boxes, they had after all only moved in yesterday. I couldn’t believe Anna had agreed to have me over; things must be so hectic around here. My tutor had most likely begged Anna to do this for me. Diverting my thoughts was the panelled library. The door was wide open, giving me a remarkable view of the overflowing assembly of books. Downstairs the house had a double reception room and I could just about peer into the two oversized dining rooms that were in my sight. This building was colossal. The hallway alone was pretty much the size of my entire upstairs and that was including the bed and breakfast. Anna and Grayson could sense my admiration for the house, which must have prompted Anna’s scheming.
“Maybe after our get-together Abigail, Grayson could take you for a tour around the house?” She suggested shrewdly.
He looked at me. “Yes, I can do that.” 
“Sure, I’d love that, your house is beautiful.” I said, although I knew I would be in trouble with mum if I stayed. Anna quickly nudged me into another hallway, which meant that I was heading further away from Grayson. I turned my head back to see him and he was still standing in the same spot intent on following me with his eyes.
“I’m sorry about Grayson, Abigail. He is an acquired taste if you catch my drift. Socially handicapped the family call it.” She expressed, annoying the hell out of me, although her Irish accent was making listening to her a little more bearable. 
“He seemed nice to me.” I said bitchily scrunching my face at her impoliteness. A slight snigger was heard from around the corner, Anna and I both aware that it was probably Grayson laughing at my inability to keep my feelings to myself.
“Come along Abi, we can work in here.” She explained, gesturing to the glasshouse that was attached to the living room. It was a beautiful day, so I could see why she wanted us to work in here. Nevertheless, I thought it odd that we were working this far back from the rest of the house. I was keenly waiting for the minutes to pass so I could have my tour with Grayson. 
However, a few minutes into the session I found that Anna’s guidance was priceless, her opinions were amazing and she extracted information from me like the pro she was – I didn't even know that I knew the kinds of things she was talking about. She is a seriously great teacher and I couldn’t wait to act on her advice. I can honestly say in that appointment, I truly stopped thinking about Grayson for like fifteen minutes, so that alone means she’s good at what she does, right? Her red pen took a battering too, my coursework looks like it's been massacred - full of helpful tips I am sure.
“Grayson!” Anna shouted madly as I collected my things. 
He must not have kept much distance because it only took him seconds to enter the room. “Are you ready?” 
I smiled nervously. I couldn't help it. “Yes.” I turned back to Anna. “Thank you so much for helping me, I mean it. It was amazing meeting you. Seriously.” I babbled. 
She beamed. “No problem Abigail. You're a joy to work with. Same time tomorrow?” 
“Yes. Definitely.” I said, prompting Anna to leave the room. 
We paused for a moment, both waiting for the other to speak first. Luckily for me it was Grayson. “So - how was it?” He smirked. 
“You should know? Weren’t you listening to half of it?” 
“I don’t know what you mean?” He said, knowing exactly what I was talking about.
I sighed. “Oh really, so that wasn’t you going into the kitchen like eight times for a glass of water?”
He smiled. “So you were keeping tabs on me then?” That was the first genuine smile I’d seen from him and it was directed straight at me. 
“Don’t flatter yourself.” I quickly moved in front of him in the hallway. I had barely reached the staircase when a voice startled me from the balcony.
“Hello. Now who would you be?” An elderly man appeared. Before Grayson could answer, I interrupted, proving my nerves.
“I’m Abigail.” I hoped that he would forgive my boldness.
“Do you have a last name Abigail?” He said snapping at me.
I cleared my throat. “It’s Lawson. Abigail Lawson sir.” I attempted to show him some respect.
He was clearly aggravated by my presence. “Oh deary, please don’t call me sir, I know I’m an old man, but I’d prefer it if you didn’t make me feel like one.”
“I’m sorry. I - I think I’d better go.” I stuttered like an idiot - trying to save myself from any more awkwardness. This without a doubt could not have got any worse.
“Grandpa behave, I apologise for him Abigail, he’s just sharp sometimes, and he doesn’t mean to offend you.” Grayson spoke. 
Something seemed to be seriously bothering his granddad. “Offend her, she offended me!”
“Enough!” Grayson roared guarding me.
“No, it’s fine. I have to go anyway. Erm, I’ll see you tomorrow - maybe.” 
I scampered out of the house, utterly drained from the experience. I could still hear Grayson’s granddad talking about me from behind the door. If truth were told, I didn’t want to get into a dispute over nothing with what appeared to be a close-knit family. I understood that Grayson and his family were originally from Northern Ireland from what Anna was saying earlier. I've visited Ireland before on a school trip when I was sixteen and there's definitely a certain charm that exudes from the locals. I don’t know where Grayson’s grandfather fitted into that positive stereotype, but he certainly wasn’t being very pleasant to me.
“You were really going to take her round the house. What is wrong with you boy!” I heard him yelling at Grayson.
I didn’t understand what had just happened. I needed to go home and make sense of it all. How could I be seeing him in the real world? I wanted to talk to my mum about the whole thing; she could help me try to understand what was going on. My mind was exploding with logical explanations of how all of this was possible, when I heard Grayson’s sweet voice calling after me.
“Abigail, wait!”
I looked back. “Grayson, what are you doing?” 
He finally caught up to me. “I couldn’t just let you leave like that. I am so sorry about him, he’s snappy and he wouldn’t know a nice girl if she turned around and slapped him. I’m truly sorry just please come back.” Grayson begged.
“I can’t! I have to get home. There was a break-in yesterday at my house, my mum’s probably going insane as we speak, I need to go!” I said harshly, trying to push him away.
Grayson pressed. “A break-in, are you serious! Who did it?”
“I don’t know! I’m sorry I really have to go!” I shouted, trying to run faster so he wouldn’t follow me any further.
“Abigail! What’s wrong?” he screeched from behind me. “When you first saw me, you knew me! How did you know my name?” Grayson continued to yell at me until I eventually moved out of sight.
I knew what I was doing was wrong; I should have been moving towards him not running away in the opposite direction. Grayson’s granddad completely intimidated me and then it all sank in, snapping me back into reality. It wasn’t a dream anymore. I was incapable of staying there for even a minute longer. How could I even have gone in that house! 
That’s what I do, I run away from the things that scare me, I always have. My ex-boyfriend Jackson knew this better than anyone. I was with him for a long time, nearly four years, long enough to make me think I knew what love was anyway. Things became more serious, YES! I'm talking about sex. Four years Jackson waited for me and I'd finally decided that he would be the one. 
In spite of my decision every time we planned for it to happen something always went disastrously wrong, like my mum would unexpectedly come home out of the blue or he’d stupidly forget the condoms! The number of signs telling me not to do it was ridiculous, it pretty much became a long-standing joke that my mum found hysterical. I eventually decided that he wasn’t right for me; I was one of those strange women out there that believes in the notion of soul mates. A crazy idea that there is one person out there made for you and only you, I know that’s ludicrous, trust me I get it! 
I mean, everything about the phrase, soul mates is stupid, I know that. I’ve always considered what happens if the person you were meant to be with dies, what happens then? Is there a second person you're meant to be with? And if there is, does that actually mean the person who died was ever your soul mate to begin with? I get confused even contemplating the different reasons why the term soul-mates is idiotic – but still, I couldn’t help but wonder if there was a plan for each of us.
I questioned whether our souls were ultimately entwined with that of another, that I would be able to find them and get my happily ever after. I understood real life didn’t work out this way for most people, but maybe if I wished for it hard enough it might come true. After my parent’s separation and witnessing heartache firsthand, I thought I’d given up on my silly fairytale expectation of life – that was until I had the dream about Grayson Hale. Suddenly, I realised that everything I had ever hoped for was in my reach. I couldn’t comprehend the impossibility of what I’d experienced in this last month but I knew Grayson was made for me. I was undeniably certain of that one thing – He. Was. Made. For. Me. 


Chapter Five

Imagination

I practically heard my mum’s voice as soon as I walked through the door. I was grateful to have her home and just couldn’t wait to tell her everything that had happened in the short space of time she’d been away. I hoped that she would never leave me again. I needed her to give me some advice – she usually points me down the right path.
On the other hand, I silently imagined our conversation and it just sounded ridiculous. I wanted to tell her about the whole thing with Grayson, but every sentence I rehearsed in my mind fell into the class of fiction – she would think I was making it up and who could blame her? My mum would think that I was on a one-way train to crazy town, which at this point wasn’t too far from the truth. I was getting myself all hot and bothered about the whole situation and I forgot that all I really needed in that moment was a big hug from her telling me everything was going to be okay.
She quickly rushed over to me. “Abigail! I’ve been so worried!”
“I’m alright mum.” I said realising instantly that was a lie.
“No you’re not. I cannot believe this happened while I was gone! I’m so sorry for leaving you alone – from now on I’m never leaving this island again!” Mum pulled me into an embrace.
 I tried to assure her with my head lightly resting on her shoulder. “Don’t be silly, I’m fine.”
I hardly ever lied to my mum - but the second I saw her face, I felt the sheer shame she was harbouring for leaving us here without her. The last thing I wanted to do was add to that. I think over the last 24 hours, we all had enough to deal with.
I squeezed my mum close hoping to unburden some of her suffering. I hated seeing her in tears; I even volunteered to cook a family dinner to help relieve everyone’s stress. I don’t know what I was thinking - I despised cooking! I just wanted to hold it together for everyone.
I was under the impression that I was the kid and they were the adults, shouldn’t they be trying to help us feel better. I thought my teenage years were supposed to be about enjoying myself, not spent worrying about what bizarre thing might happen next. Don’t get me wrong, I loved meeting Grayson, but it also terrified me. I walked slowly through the living room with my mum; at this point, I became somewhat aware of my growing anxiety.
I couldn’t help but think about the ordinary pressures of teenage life. Right about now I should be making a decision about what university I’m planning on going to. Hell, I should be worrying about if anyone will ask me to the leavers’ ball! Instead, my time is spent figuring out why the guy I've been dreaming of this past month is here, on my island. I wasn’t the kind of person who could take unexpected change in their stride. I could feel the ground beneath me falling away and I’ve never been good at bottling my emotions. I swear I was going to erupt, spill everything to mum – I just had to. 
I wondered how she would deal with what I had to say. She tended to treat every worry as a big problem, like any, little issue required professional help. Although, this time - I was actually worried that the current situation might just call for outside assistance.
“I’m just nipping upstairs, I forgot my phone.” I desperately wanted to see if I had any texts from anyone. I ran upstairs and unlocked the door. I decided that after the stranger broke into our house, what better time to start taking my safety a little more seriously. I quickly grabbed my phone from the bed and backed out of the room locking the door for a second time. I headed back downstairs still keen to talk to mum.
Instead of sitting down on the sofa with her, I couldn’t stop myself from pacing the room. I left my phone on the arm of the couch, trying to build up the courage to start talking. 
“Mum, I have something to tell you.” I continued reluctantly. “I’ve been having this dream – it’s about a guy, his name is Grayson. I’ve had it every night for about a month now and I can’t seem to –”
“I know about your dream honey.” She quickly interrupted. “I read it in your diary; now please don’t be mad - I saw it today! It fell open and I –”
“You did what! You read my diary? What were you thinking? You can’t just do that!” I shouted in a rage – still not believing she would invade my privacy like that.
“Calm down, I was putting some washing away when I got back to the house, I accidentally knocked it on the floor and it fell open. After what you’d been through the other night I wanted to know truthfully if you were okay about –”
I butted in angrily. “You would know if I was okay, if you had asked me! I can’t believe you did that. I’m going out.”
“Abigail please don’t be mad at me, I’m sorry, you’re right, I shouldn’t have read it!”
“I can’t talk to you right now mum, I need to calm down.” I grabbed a jacket from under the stairs and closed the front door behind me.
Of course, it started to rain as soon as I reached the end of the road. Luckily, for me, I picked the waterproof jacket, although it really made no difference to me, I definitely wasn’t going back inside that house – jacket or no jacket. There was only one place I felt safe and at home on this island, and that was the Garrison Wall. I made my way up the mountainous stretch of land, purposefully using the main road, this time – I didn’t feel like taking my chances in the woods today.
I eventually made it to the enormous clearing, feeling incredibly worn-out. I continued my journey to the stonewall attempting to re-gain my balance with every stride. I managed to control my footing relatively well on the slippery ground and was able to grab the edge of the wall to find a sitting position. I had rested for what could have only been a few minutes when I heard the sound of footsteps walking towards me. I turned my head, trying to make out where the sound was coming from. I was terrified, I just wanted to ring my mum and say sorry for my childish outburst; I reached into my coat pocket for my phone. OBVIOUSLY, I'd left it at home! Typical.
I could hear the branches on the ground still breaking under their feet. I hesitantly angled myself towards the noise; the sound was getting much louder now. I couldn't believe what I was seeing – standing majestically in front of me, was a wolf and it couldn't have been more than three metres away from where I was sat. I froze in fear, debating with myself whether I should run or stay put. How could this animal even be here? It’s not like we have wolves on the island, what’s it done? Bloody swam here! I quickly focused on the water that was dripping off its white fur, I tried to think of anything that would possibly distract me from the fear that I was feeling. It looked over four feet tall; it was much bigger than the ones I'd seen on television. It must have weighed like 200 pounds. The animal had legs like stilts and gigantic muscles that I’m sure were exceptionally strong. I knew then that I had no chance of out running the wolf if it threatened me. My best chance of staying safe was to stay very still and pray that it would eventually leave me alone. 
Fortunately, for me, the wolf was showing me no malice whatsoever – it just stood there staring at me with a strange look in its eyes. I wanted to follow my first instinct, which was to reach for the huge rock that was sitting by my side. I held the stone with both hands awaiting a reaction from the wolf. Suddenly, the animal retreated a few steps and began crouching down. I couldn’t help but wonder if there was more to this freak encounter than I initially thought. My gut told me that the wolf was male, probably because he was so big. His eyes were most peculiar - he had one blue and one green eye. I’d have been stupid not to realise the similarity of his eyes with Grayson’s and for this reason, I appeared to let my guard down a little. The wolf stood up slowly and cautiously stepped towards me, his large feet acting like padded boots keeping him from sinking into the mud. 
I now felt safe somehow. I couldn't explain it but I did, my fear had completely faded away, just like magic. The animal continued to walk towards me, I hadn't a clue what to do I just stood there staring, but strangely I still wasn't scared, I knew I should be but I just wasn't. He came closer, so near to me I could have touched him. His eyes were truly remarkable. The wolf sat on his haunches right next to me and shoved me slightly as he repositioned himself into a resting stance. I couldn’t believe it, a wolf trusted me enough to come and lay down at my side. I thought I’d try my luck a bit more and reached out tentatively to stroke his fur. He glanced up, looking straight into my eyes and I don’t know why, but I knew he was telling me it was alright to touch him. We just sat there for what seemed like hours, waiting for the sunset to draw near. I felt the most serene feeling of peace run through me, almost as if I was where I was supposed to be at that very moment– like fate or destiny, whatever you want to call it.
I suddenly heard a growl coming from behind me. I spun around panicking, alerting the wolf at my side who had drifted off to sleep. I couldn’t believe my eyes – it was another wolf! I had never seen a wolf before in my entire life and now; there I was, seeing two of them in the same day – what was going on? I’ve lived here my whole life and to my knowledge, no one has ever seen one here. 
This animal was different from the other, it quickly showed its teeth and snarled loudly as its brown eyes stared at me from further up the hill. Its dark grey fur moved roughly as the wolf arched its back in anger. I was petrified, my feet had forgotten how to move and I could barely budge them to slide backwards.
The white wolf leapt over the rocks, furiously standing in front of the other one, blocking its path. I couldn’t believe it, was the wolf defending me? He began to circle the other animal; it was as if they were having a conversation that I just couldn't hear. 
The beast then dived through the air attacking my wolf; it grabbed hold of his leg biting furiously. I couldn’t take it anymore! I ripped off my jacket and began swinging the heavy material at the grey wolf, relentlessly swatting his head to force him off. All of a sudden, he stopped and turned his head slowly in my direction as I quickly tried to back away. I knew that the ledge of the wall could only be a few steps behind me. The thought of the drop down sent shivers up my spine, the fall, at least, was the height of a two storey house, there’s no way I could make it.  The grey wolf continued to force me closer and closer to the edge. I could feel myself losing my footing, skidding down the gravelly bank. Surprisingly it just growled at me and bowed his head. I gulped forcefully as it looked like the wolf was finally turning away. I felt like I'd made a lucky escape!
I took one-step forward attempting to reach the harder ground and just like that - in a flash, my foot had collapsed into the soil causing my body to tumble over the side. The jacket I was holding, by chance, had snagged on one of the larger rocks as I’d plunged down. I was hanging on, literally by a thread. My feet were just touching the rocks, giving me some traction. All those years at gymnastics had finally paid off, I was holding my weight quite well, but I couldn’t do it for much longer! I was slowly slipping. I couldn’t see anything but the rocks and I refused to look down. Both wolves began howling as if they were screaming for help. I held on for a few more minutes gripping the material for dear life but I could tell that one of them had stopped howling. What was happening?
Then out of nowhere, I felt the material I was holding stretching upwards - I was being pulled up! All I could do was squeal in terror. The jacket crawled little by little up the rocks trailing pebbles as it ascended. I was almost at the top, nearly safe.
As I reached the hilltop, I wrapped my leg over the wall. I could barely see from the white hood that had lined my waterproof, it completely covered my face. I stuck to the wall, clinging tightly – not wanting to move an inch. When I finally managed to catch my breath, I reached out for the person who had saved me.
I shouted. “Hello? Thank you! Who is that? Please be careful, there are wolves around.” 
There was no response. I couldn’t hear a sound, not even the wolves. Now that I had calmed down, I slowly reached up to remove the hood from over my head. I could feel the tiny rain droplets showering my face. No one was there! A feeling of dread came over me and I started to think I had imagined everything. Was I going crazy? I couldn’t hear or see anyone – not a soul. Then I glanced down and saw the fresh blood that had sprayed onto the rocks from the wolf attack. It did happen! I wasn’t going mad! I needed to get home and at last tell my mum everything. Something was happening on this island, something extraordinary and I wanted to know what it was. 


Chapter Six

My Apologies 

Mum was waiting for me in the kitchen when I got back. I couldn’t believe I’d been out for over three hours. I looked straight into the bay window at the front of the house. I could see her pacing back and forth on the tiles, the fear that she was feeling for me was evident on her face. I regret how I acted towards her; after all, she was only trying to make sure I was okay. I moved slowly to the front porch anxiously dragging my feet. 
Without warning, the porch light turned on and my front door creaked open. “Abigail!” Mum shouted. I quickly draped my arms around her shoulders and held her close to me.
 “Come in now! You must be freezing, where did you go?” She was obviously worried out of her mind.
 I lied easily. “I’m okay; I just went to the library, English course work and that.”
She sighed. “I thought you might have gone to those walls of yours, my heart has been beating non-stop – Konrad's gone out looking for you.” 
“No, I didn’t, I’m fine. I’m sorry I panicked you both, I didn’t realise what the time was.” I replied with half a truth.
Lying never used to be easy for me. In these past few days, I've told more lies than I care to even think about. What had happened to me? I never used to be dishonest with my mum and now I have difficulty keeping up with all the white lies continuously spurting from my mouth. It was about time I told her what was really going on.
I dragged my mum to the living room and signalled her to sit down. She lowered herself slowly, visibly scared of what I was about to say. I bet half of her was thinking I was pregnant, isn’t that what every parent thinks when their child decides they need to have a serious talk? No, I might be going crazy but no pregnancy here. I spoke calmly for at least thirty minutes. I hoped the calmer I remained the more willing she would be to buy what I was selling. My mum’s face was permanently scrunched up the whole time I was speaking. I think I lost her around the time I spoke the words, “The man from my dreams has moved onto our island.”As soon as that phrase came out, alarm bells went off.
When I started this little speech, I didn’t realise the full extent of my desire to tell my mum the truth and nothing but the truth. It was like I couldn’t stop telling her things. God damn it! I told her about the wall, as in my clumsy inability to stay on it. The best plan I had was to try and avoid eye contact with her. She looked downright terrified. Perhaps telling my mum about my accident wasn’t the best idea when all things considered.
Afterwards she just sat there silently glaring at me. I’m sure I could have belted out into song and she would still be sitting in that same spot gawking in my direction. I was absolutely starving so I hoped she would get to the point where she was able to speak again pretty soon.
“You fell off a wall?” She questioned eventually.
I knew that would be the first thing she would say! The story I told her was about wolves and a man coming out of one of my dreams for God’s sake – but no! She decided to go straight in for the kill about falling off the bloody wall! 
“Yes, but its fine, someone pulled me up! Which is kind of more of the point?”
My backchat seemed to only anger her even more. “Oh I’m sorry; I think my daughter nearly killing herself takes precedence over anything else you have to tell me! And a wolf nearly attacked you? We don’t have any wolves on the island.” 
“Don’t you think I know that mum? Yes! I fell off the wall and Yes! I was stupid for even going up there in this weather, but you’re missing the whole point, like how did the wolves get here? How is Grayson here? Does any of this interest you at all?” I really needed her advice and support.
“Abigail, I don’t know what you want me to say. I’ve not seen any of it! So I don’t know.” If truth be told, this hurt me; she didn’t trust that what I was saying was real. 
 “So what you really mean is - you don’t actually believe that all of this happened to me?”
Mum reached for my hand. “That’s not what I said Abi. What if I go up to the wall with you in the morning and see if we can find the wolves or maybe I could meet Grayson for myself.” 
“I would, but I have to go to see Anna tomorrow, she’s helping me with my coursework.” I explained.
My mum nodded her head approvingly. “Yeah, I know honey. Konrad brought me back up to speed. Did you enjoy it today?”
I knew that my mum was growing impatient with the whole ‘fantasy talk’ but changing the subject this early on in our conversation was just plain rude. 
“It was good, learnt a lot. I’m going to bed; it’s been a long day.” I muttered.
“Now? It’s still early! Abigail, you’ve only just bombarded me with all of this, can you not give me a little time to wrap my head around it.” 
“Sure, take as long as you need, but I’m going to bed, see you in the morning.” I said, walking out of the living room.
I could hear my mum sighing from outside the door, but I just didn’t have the energy to make her feel better right now. I wanted someone to talk to, someone to tell me what to do next, but I guess it was all on me. I climbed up the stairs, feeling sorry for myself. I immediately noticed that my bedroom door was open. I knew I hadn't left it open when I went out earlier.
“Mum, have you been in my bedroom?” I shouted, holding onto the railing. 
I could hear her moving downstairs. “No, why?”
“Nothing, my bedroom door's just open. I know I locked it before I went out – has Logan been in there for something?” 
“No Abi, no one’s been in your room, I have the only key and I haven’t been in there since you went out last.” 
“Well I definitely locked it! Now it’s open! See, this is the sort of stuff I’ve tried telling you about.” I could hear my mum marching towards me. 
“Abigail, come on. Maybe you just forgot to lock it – it’s a new thing – you – locking your door. You probably just forgot.” Mum said, moving past me on the stairs. She was eager to check my room and put my paranoia to rest.
My mum searched the room thoroughly and to my surprise, it didn’t look like anything was out-of-place. “No! It was locked. I locked it! You don’t believe me, what’s the point in us even having this conversation. You used to believe everything I said!” I yelled furiously slamming the door – I tried to lock the door from inside my bedroom.
“Don’t you even think about locking that door! If there’s a fire, I won’t be able to get to you, unlock it! Now!” She shrieked. 
I reluctantly unlocked the door. “Fine!” I could still feel my mum’s presence standing outside my bedroom. 
“Try to get some sleep Abi, you’ve been through a lot these past few days, we can talk about all of this properly in the morning. And - I do believe you baby; I just don’t know what you expect me to do about it.” She whispered. I eventually heard my mum retreat down the stairs.  
I looked around my room thinking to myself - could I just - please have one normal day when everything made sense. I closed the thin curtains and peeled off my clothes excited to get into my comfortable bed. I noticed that one side of the curtain was trapped underneath the radiator. I slowly manoeuvred it around the heater - breaking the material free. Instantly a message written on white lined paper flew into the air. In the process of grabbing the note that had been hidden near the window, I clumsily burnt my leg. I could feel my thigh stinging with pain but didn’t care – I just wanted to read what it said. 
Abigail Lawson,
For your own sake, please, I urge you to leave the Hales alone!
If you continue to communicate with them, we will be forced to take further action.
 





What the hell? Who would do this? This certainly wasn’t Jackson messing with me; he would never purposely make me feel like this. I bet it has something to do with that man who was harassing me!
“Mum!” I howled. “Come here!” I glanced back at the note wondering what the symbol could mean. 
My mum quickly ran into my room. “What is it?” 
I pressed the note into her hands. “Read this, I just found it near the window.” I could see her eyes chasing the letters as she read it. 
“I need to call the police Abi and you need to ring the Hales.” She planned logically.
“The note says NOT to communicate with the Hales.” I pointed out – not really considering what that meant for Grayson and me.
“You need to ring them, now Abi! And tell them what’s happening – they might know who sent this. Someone has been in our house. Ring them.” I bowed my head in agreement and looked for my phone to call them.
“I’ll go ring the police.” Mum said immediately leaving the room. I searched for Anna’s number on my phone and then out of nowhere, the mobile started ringing – this was not a great time for a number not to have caller ID. I was petrified to answer it, what if it was the creepy person from the note. I heard my mum walking back towards the room; she had obviously heard the phone ringing. 
“Answer it, Abi or I will.” I pressed the answer button and held the phone to my ear.
I coughed clearing my throat. “Hello?” 
“Hello? Abi is that you? It’s Grayson.” 
I let go of my breath. “Grayson! Oh God, Grayson, I’m so glad it’s you, I was just about to call Anna.” 
“Really? That’s kind of weird.” He laughed. 
I needed him to focus. “I’ve just been left a note in my bedroom; it’s basically threatening me if I don’t stay away from you. Do you have any idea who could have sent this?” 
He was quick to reply. “What? No! They broke into your room? Does it say anything else on the note?” 
“Yeah, I guess. It has this weird symbol on it - it’s like three thin triangles inside a huge circle, oh and it has three small dots above the triangles. Do you know it?” I glanced at my mum looking for some comfort. 
There was a slight pause on Grayson’s end. “It’s the three rays of light.”
I sighed. “What does it mean? How do you even know that?” 
I could hear Grayson’s tone change. “I don’t know why someone would use that symbol to threaten you. In Ireland, we use it, as a symbol for creative artistry, I mean, it is nothing bad. People like – poets and musicians, they wear it around their necks as a blessing or muse for their work. It’s nothing.” 
“Well this note is certainly not nothing. I don’t get it, why would someone put that symbol on here? Are you sure that’s what it means?” 
“I’m sure Abigail, wait – my dad wants to speak with you.” The phone went quiet for a few minutes. I stared at mum trying to read what she was thinking. 
“He’s gone to get his dad.” I whispered. My mum nodded and then moved slowly to the other side of the room sitting on the edge of the bed.
“Hello?” A gruff voice spoke. 
“Hi, my name’s Abi.” I nervously pressed the speakerphone button, so that mum could listen to the conversation.
“Hi Abigail. It’s Grayson’s dad - Kaleb. I understand you received a note today?” He said quite matter of factly.
I wanted an answer. “Yes, I did, has Grayson told you about the symbol?” 
“Yes and he’s right. It’s the symbol for artists in Ireland, that’s all. It’s probably best to still ring the police, but I wouldn’t worry about it too much sweetheart - I’m sure it was a prank of some kind. I will hopefully meet you tomorrow Abigail when you come for your session with Anna.” He expressed politely.
I didn’t know what to say to him, but I sensed that there was something Grayson’s dad wasn’t telling me. “Erm, yes, I’ll probably be there.” 
“Good bye.” The dial tone quickly interrupted Mr Hale – did he really just hang up on me?
Mum scoffed, shaking her head. “Well, that was odd! I’m going to go downstairs and ring the police – oh and don’t even think about going over to their house tomorrow. He definitely knows who left that note, that’s for sure.” 
“How do you know that?” I was confused at her obvious grievance with Kaleb already.
“I just know it, he was hiding something.” My mum mumbled, it seemed I wasn’t the only one who was paranoid anymore. Nothing was going to stop me from returning to that house tomorrow and that included my mum. I wanted answers and I wanted them now! I hated feeling like a pawn in someone else’s plan - not knowing what their intention was. This was all beginning to get a little weird and I had no idea where it was all going to end. Why would someone leave me a note with an Irish symbol on it, a symbol that didn’t even make sense? Perhaps, it was Grayson’s granddad; I definitely know that he doesn’t like me. I’m being stupid, there’s no way an old man broke into my room, but that didn’t prevent me from wondering who did? 
“Abigail, I’m going to call Konrad after I’ve talked to the police and tell him you’re home safe, but I’m also going to ask him if he’ll come and stay with us for a while – you okay with that? With all the stuff that’s been happening around here, I think we would all feel safer if he was in the house – don’t you think?” Mum asked already knowing my answer.
“I think that’s a great idea mum.” In that, second I asked for something I haven't asked for since I was about six years old. “Mum can I please sleep in your bed tonight? I don’t want to be alone in this room.”
“Of course you can honey.” My mum immediately turned away to walk back downstairs. I felt shattered, completely drained – even my appetite had gone and usually nothing can keep me away from my food. I made my way to mum’s bedroom and lifted the thick, satin duvet cover. I made myself comfortable, I'd forgotten how big this bed was – I don’t know how my mum sleeps in it all by herself, she must get terribly lonely. I edged my back further down the bed resting my head against the deep mattress. My plan was to wait up for her to see what the police had said, but as soon as my head hit the pillow, I couldn’t help but drift off to sleep.
Chapter Seven

      Interrogation

The sun was beaming down, bright on my face. I yawned and stretched every single muscle in my body as the light flickered stirring me awake. I don’t think I’ve slept that well in forever, but still - my mind had completely abandoned the thought of Grayson Hale. I hadn’t dreamt about him for two nights now and it was probably a good thing. I was mad at him and his family - how could they not tell me the truth when someone was clearly intimidating me.
I glanced at the alarm clock, Shit! It was nearly ten o clock! Of course, mum didn’t wake me up; she didn’t want me going to see the Hales. I needed to get over there and see for myself what was really going on. Now all I had to do was come up with a good excuse to explain why I was leaving the house at the exact time my lesson with Anna was about to start. My mum wasn’t stupid and I don’t think it would help my cause any to pretend that she was.
I jumped out of bed running straight into my own bedroom grabbing the first thing out of my wardrobe, which just so happened to be a pair of black jeans and a grey shirt with the number twenty-three splashed across the front. I snatched my converse and a bulky cardigan from the pile of clothes left on the floor. I really needed to remember to tidy that mess up. I got dressed quickly and made my way downstairs trying to avoid my mum as much as I could. The only idea I could come up with was to stay away from her and write her a note once I was downstairs, why didn’t I see that was a bad plan.
I made it as far as the hallway when a voice from the kitchen shouted. “Where do you think you’re going?”
“I’m late! I have to go to the library. My lesson still starts at 11, I texted my tutor last night explaining everything and she’s managed to get me a lesson with another teacher on the island, so I don’t need to go all the way to the mainland.” I explained in detail impressing myself with how good that lie actually was.
“Who’s the teacher?” My mum asked grilling me.
“I can’t remember what the text said mum, it’s a guy teacher from the high school - so can I go please? Where’s Konrad? I thought you asked him to come over last night?” I  tried to change the subject. 
Mum walked closer towards me. “I did, he’s helping a friend move today or something – I don’t know, he’s always off doing something.” She smiled at me. “And yeah, okay, you can go. Keep your phone with you, the police will be calling today.” 
“Do they not want me to go in again?” I edged backwards; I feared if she came any closer to me that she’d see straight through my lie. 
“No, they’re going to come round to the house in an hour or two to take the note and have a little chat with me, so I’ll just give them your number and they can talk to you while you’re out.” 
“Okay, thank you. I’ll see you later. I’ll be back for 4 o clock.” I headed out of the front door.
 It took me about thirty minutes to reach the Hale’s house - that’s a massive record for me; last time it took me ages. It was as if I was being driven mad by my curiosity, I needed to find out what this family was hiding.  I arrived at their front door and knocked forcefully ensuring someone in the house heard me. There was a short pause and then I heard heavy footsteps striding towards the entrance. The door opened revealing Grayson standing anxiously in the hallway.
“Abigail? I didn’t think you would come today after last night.” It was obvious that he seemed troubled. 
I pierced my lips. “Yes, well, I’m here. Where’s Anna or better yet Kaleb?” 
“There’s no one in, everyone’s at work and Anna had an emergency so she’s not here either. If you turned up, she asked me to apologise to you on her behalf. But seriously, it’s just me in the house.” 
“Bollocks! Anna had an emergency, did she? What kind? Did some of her books fall off a shelf at the library? I have questions that I need answering Grayson! What is your family hiding?” I yelled, pushing myself into the house.
“Abigail! You can’t just walk into someone else’s home!” Grayson shouted, following me up the stairs.
“You’re hiding something, I know you are. It all started with that stupid dream about you and then someone broke into my house! Then suddenly there are wolves on the island, I fall down a ditch and someone pulls me up – but OF COURSE, I don’t see who saved me. Finally, I get home last night and my door is wide open when I am 100% positive I locked it! And if that wasn’t enough - I get ready for bed and find a note on my windowsill warning me to cut all ties with you! So no Grayson, you know something that you’re not telling me and I’ve had enough of it!” I ranted, catching my breath.
I grasped hold of the first door handle I saw and pushed it down, Grayson paced shortly behind me. “You saw me in a what?” He asked, clearly deep in his own thoughts.
The door groaned open allowing me to see inside the room. I caught a glimpse of a painting, a grey wolf surrounded by snowfall. Grayson quickly grabbed my hand and pulled the door, closing it back fully.
I scoffed. “What’s that on the wall?” 
“Are you always like this? Pushy – bossy – argumentative.” Grayson was obviously flirting with me, driving my back towards the wall with his arms pressed solidly at both sides. 
I swallowed nervously. “What do you think you’re doing?” 
“What am I doing? You have pretty much just broken into my house and accused me and my family of threatening you, why would we do that?” He was trying to confuse me.
“I don’t know, maybe you’re a bunch of freaks.” I held eye contact with him not wanting to back down. 
Grayson looked strangely hurt by my comment. “At least get to know me before you start making any judgements, I mean I’ve only met you once and even that was a short introduction.”
“Well to me it feels like I’ve known you a lot longer.” I was beginning to let my guard down slightly.
Grayson was trying to charm me with his smile. “Will you let me take you for breakfast? You’ve come all this way.” I hesitated and looked deeply into his eyes, hoping to sense his true intentions. “Okay, how about this – If you let me take you to breakfast, I will answer all your questions, wait – no – you can really talk so I’m going to narrow it down to like - three questions and I’ll tell the absolute truth.”
I cleared my throat. “Okay, deal.” 
Grayson led me out of the house and securely locked the door, his key was huge – it was like a key to a ship, seriously who were these people? 
“So where are you taking me for breakfast, then?” I continued to walk off the driveway.
He looked puzzled. “Where are you going?” 
“Erm to breakfast.” I didn’t understand what he was getting at.
There it was again, that damn smile. “Well, you can, walk if you want, but I think I’m going to drive.” 
Grayson pressed a small button on his keys and the garage door gradually lifted up. I couldn’t believe it! Grayson’s car was a black Dodge Viper. A crazy expensive American produced car that offers 640 horsepower – it would settle most races on the road. In my opinion, it was the king of American automobile extravagance. Growing up around a mechanic my whole life, you learn a lot about cars and dream of the cars you want to drive. This was one of mine. My uncle Konrad would die if he saw this in real life; I had to get Grayson to show it to him at some point.
He could see the disbelief on my face. “So you like it then?”
“Are you kidding? It’s the most amazing car I’ve ever seen, seriously, this is yours? What does your family do for a living Grayson?” I was still in shock, not being able to look away from the car. 
“Are you using that as one of your questions?” He challenged.
I was dithering at his response, but eventually replied. “No, I’m not, so are we going for breakfast or what?” I stumbled clumsily into the car. Grayson smirked at my playfulness and joined me. 
We drove around for about fifteen minutes, he appeared to be seriously concentrating on the road and by concentrating I mean the boy was deadly silent. I couldn't help feel awkward. I noticed a silver ring on Grayson’s right hand as he gripped the steering wheel. I tried to move closer to it, without him noticing to read the tiny writing engraved on top of the ring. I was surprised to see a small cross and the Lord’s Prayer carved into the silver. I smiled to myself having found out that he was religious – I don’t know why that disturbingly turned me on – but I’m ashamed to say, it did.
Eventually, we came to a fork in the road leading Grayson to veer off to the left. I’d never even been down here before, where was he taking me?
All of a sudden, we arrived just above the beautiful Porthmellon beach. I’d been here before. Grayson was taking me to the Speros cafe. I always come here with my mum and Logan, talk about going the long way round. Grayson had literally travelled double the length of what it should have taken to get here. Although, I didn’t really feel like putting him down. It was a nice gesture, even if he did go the wrong way.
I liked it here. Speros overlooks the harbour, its lively atmosphere flows freely on the cafe floor. Their home cooked food here is amazing. Mum always orders one of their gourmet burgers for lunch. She gets them delivered to the bed and breakfast when she’s feeling too lazy to cook. There’s always something going on around this part of town and I love eating here in the summer with Logan. We eat ice-cream out on the decking, taking in the views of the surfers out on the water. I’ve always wanted to learn to surf like Logan, but since I was a little kid, I’ve had this persistent fear of the ocean. In spite of my phobia, this is definitely one of my favourite spots on the island. If I didn’t love the Garrison Walls as much as I do, I’d come here to photograph the sunset. Grayson quickly led me out onto the deck and we found a table. We sat uncomfortably for the first few minutes, both not knowing what to say. 
I felt it was important that I broke the ice this time. “So, I guess my first question is – do you know who sent me the note?”
“No, I have an idea who it was - but I’m not sure.” He confessed. 
I sighed. “Who do you think it is?” 
“You don’t need to worry about that anymore; my family has handled the situation.” He added.
“What! That’s not answering my question you’re dodging it! And how can your family have sorted it? I only told you about it last night.” 
“Was that your third question? I’ve told you – all you need to know is my family are handling it and you don’t need to be afraid of anything. Now you have one left, do you really want to waste it?” He asked gently influencing my next question.
I was uncertain of my next move, I decided just to be honest and ask a question that’s been circling in my mind ever since he moved here.
“Before I met you at your house, had you ever seen me somewhere else?’ I was scared of his response. 
“Yes.” He answered vaguely.
I wanted to push the issue further. “Well, where have you seen me?”  
“Your questions have finished, now it’s my turn.” He intended to get a rise out of me.
“No! You need to answer me, I feel like I’m out on my own here, strange things have happened and it feels like I can’t talk to anyone about it.” 
Grayson saw that I was distressed. “I saw you in a dream, okay. I was out in the woods and it was snowing – you appeared out of nowhere and said your name – there! Are you happy? I also saw you at your – you know what, never mind, I’ve answered your question.”
“You didn’t look surprised to see me at your door, I was barely keeping it together, you didn’t even flinch when you saw me and you were going to say something else – what was it?”
He moved his chair, scraping it against the decking. “Abigail can we drop this now, I’ve told you all I can at the minute. There are explanations to what you’re asking me about - but I can’t tell you anything yet. Now can you please let me ask you a question now?” He pushed.
“Yes.” I snapped. 
Grayson continued to pull his chair closer to mine; I felt my body fiercely reacting to the touch of his hand. “Will you please do me the honour of going on a date with me?”
There were so many questions left unanswered, but strangely, I trusted him. The only answer I could muster from my mouth was, “Yes.”
Grayson grinned obviously thrilled with my answer. “Good, I’m glad. We should get some breakfast, I bet you’re starving.” 
My stomach had been rumbling all morning, after all, I hadn’t eaten much of anything yesterday. The young waitress came over to us; Tammy Fletcher – we were both in the same year at high school. Tammy was the IT girl at school, you know the type - the one that the guys wanted to sleep with and the girls wanted to be. I didn’t really get it, yes, she looked amazing, but that was pretty much all she had. Tammy looked straight at me, flicking her black, raven hair to the side of her face as she stepped towards us. Her coffee coloured eyes looked beautiful in the daylight and don’t even get me started on her olive-skinned, slender frame being forced in my face. Tammy’s body was obviously the product of spending too many nights in the gym – I didn’t really like the gym. I’d rather spend time at home watching Netflix with my mum and brother, that’s probably why she looks incredible and I look about ten pounds away from my goal weight. I was worried that Grayson would take one look at her and not understand why he was wasting his time, sitting with me.
“Hi Abigail, I’ve not seen you down here for a while, you make your mum collect your burgers for lunch huh?” Tammy giggled expecting Grayson to join in. “Who’s your new friend?” She said, trying to get his attention.
Before I could respond, Grayson intervened and looked up from his menu. “Why don’t you just try doing your job and take our order? Or is that too demanding for you.” It was clear that she had irritated him. 
Tammy was astounded at his attitude and protectiveness over me, as was I. She shrugged furiously and headed off into the bar. “You didn’t need to do that.” I spoke calmly.
“Yes I did.” He gazed straight into my eyes. “Although, we probably shouldn’t eat here now unless we want her to spit in our food.” He laughed. 
I started giggling. “There’s a burger truck down at the beach - we can eat there, it’s almost dinner time anyways.”
Grayson politely lifted out my chair and led me down the small steps to the beach. I decided I was probably better off barefoot and not getting my trainers full of sand. I felt the cool sand squish between my toes. The water’s edge was clearer to me now and I could almost see the fish dancing in the shallow water. A few fishing boats were already out on the sea reeling in their catch.
He bought my lunch for me even though I insisted to pay for myself, he wouldn’t have any of it – I could tell he was incredibly old school; he definitely knew how to treat a girl well. He spotted a green blanket from outside the window on the food truck and paid the guy forty pounds to borrow it so we could sit on the beach. I had to laugh at his boldness, I wished I was more like him - I also wished I had his money, I thought chuckling to myself.
Grayson obviously thought it was a great day for a picnic on the beach. We sat on the sand for hours talking about frivolous stuff, although everything was about me. The sun started to get a little stronger, but fortunately, I could feel the breeze from the waves helping me cool down. I tried asking him so many questions about his life before the move - but I got nothing, he would always flip the question back over to me – it became irritating. Although, surprisingly, I did manage to get some information about his family, Grayson nervously explained how he’d moved here with his mum, dad, granddad and four siblings.
He had three brothers – Isaac, who was the oldest, somehow he had already acquired a job at the police station on the island and was starting in two weeks – it seemed Kaleb had the connections to get anything he wanted. Aidan - who was married to Anna, she couldn’t stop talking about her husband in our session together. Colton was Grayson’s slightly younger brother; he seemed to be his favourite family member judging from the way Gray’s eyes brightened up when he was speaking about him. Lastly, there was Ella, his baby sister. She was the same age as Logan and apparently a bit of a loose cannon. I didn’t get much out of Grayson about his parents, they were obviously off-limits and this made him change the subject again back around to me. He appeared to be interested in what I had to say, Grayson listened intently to my likes and dislikes – as if he was taking notes in his head.
He reached for my hand to pull me up and headed off further down the beach to pick shells and I willingly followed him. I was starting to get the feeling I would follow him anywhere. I looked back at his car and saw that he'd parked it in a shady spot under some trees. Grayson had singled out about four different shells that he carried in his pocket. I hadn’t found anything pleasant. I saw a few tiny crabs scuttling around a dead bird. So far, shell picking was not my thing. Mum made me and Logan do it all the time when we were little kids and I thought it was boring then and I hadn't changed my mind. The only thing making it tolerable now was watching Grayson seeming so happy. I hadn’t seen him like this yet, like a child at Christmas, he was really enjoying himself and I liked him this way. 
Eventually, I did find something that took my interest. I saw a huge piece of driftwood being carried into the bay by the waves. I wasn’t sure – it was so far away, but I could have sworn I saw red stains smeared on its’ side. I ran towards it - Grayson hadn’t seen it until I dashed right out in front of him; he then began running behind me.
As soon as I made it to the log, I shouted in panic to Grayson. “Is that blood?” He looked confused, but not horrified.
“It’s probably from a shark or a dolphin or something, come on, it’s time to go anyway.” He said forcefully holding me back. I took one more step towards the driftwood and Grayson’s hand came from around my waist stopping me. “Let’s go.” He insisted. 
I didn’t understand why Grayson was acting like this. “Shouldn’t we tell someone about it?” 
“No, just keep away from it, we need to go.” Grayson started to lead me back to the cafe.
He was acting strange again; the same way he acted when I asked him about the note. I now knew that he wasn’t doing anything to hurt me, but he certainly wasn’t telling me everything either.




Chapter Eight

Over-Thinking 

 I can’t believe I’ve spent all day on the beach with Grayson Hale. I’d actually agreed to a date with the man I’ve been dreaming about now for nearly a month, this was insane! We settled on tomorrow, which worked out well for me because I genuinely wanted to visit the Garrison Wall tonight. Grayson decided that he wanted our date to be a surprise and in all honesty, I preferred it that way – I love surprises! I was excited to see what he could come up with.
He was in a rush to get me home, Grayson said that he had to go and pick up his sister from high school. Whether or not that was true, I don’t know. It just sounded like an excuse to me so I didn’t bother to ask him any more questions. I don’t know – I could have just been over thinking the whole thing on the beach. Maybe he just didn’t want me near the driftwood, like a safety thing - I already know how protective he can be. 
Grayson ended up dropping me off down the road, away from my house. I couldn’t let him pull up on the driveway, my mum would totally freak out. That reminds me, I still needed to tell my mum what Gray said about his family handling the situation. A part of me just wanted to make something up just so my mum and Grayson could have a clean slate, even if I had doubts about him myself.
I saw my uncle working on my mum’s car as I walked on the driveway. “Hey, you okay?” I asked, unintentionally making him jump.
Konrad turned around. “I’m fine, are you? Kathryn said you got a note.” 
“Yeah, I did, I’m supposed to talk to the police later, did they come round to see mum?” My uncle removed his gloves and quickly closed the bonnet of mum’s car.
“No. No one’s been here - Kathryn!” Mum rushed out of the house, giving Konrad an evil stare for shouting near the bed and breakfast.
“What is it Konrad? And could you not have said it quietly inside? Hi sweetheart how was your lesson?” 
I coughed nervously. “It was fine, the teacher was alright.” 
“Have the police been round this morning?” Konrad asked, directing his question at mum. 
She hesitated for a second. “I wanted to talk to Abi about that, the police did ring. They found out who had left the note – apparently, it was Jackson. They asked if we wanted to press charges, but I thought I’d better leave that decision to you.” 
“Jackson?” I asked, completely shocked. “Why would he do that? No, it’s a mistake. It doesn’t make any sense.” 
Konrad scoffed. “Why didn’t you tell me any of this? I’ve been annoyed all day because of it, you didn’t see what she was like when that nutter broke into the house; I need to know these things.”
“I’m sorry, you were working on the car, and I was just going to tell you both together - later. I’m sorry.” She grabbed my uncle’s hand to apologise. “Abigail, the police said that Grayson’s dad, Kaleb, apparently played detective and found out that it was Jackson. Jack had apparently seen you heading through the woods to the Hale house and saw you with Grayson outside. He’s confessed to doing it out of jealously. Although, he refused to say why he used that strange symbol.” Mum said, naively believing Kaleb. “How nice was it of Kaleb to find out all of that for you. He probably sensed how scared you were on the phone, I had completely misjudged him.” 
“What’s going to happen to Jackson now?” I knew this was all bullshit, but I decided to play along with the Hale’s ridiculous scheme in order to find out answers.
“Well, that depends on you; do you want to press charges?” Mum questioned. 
My uncle looked concerned. “Are you sure it was Jackson? The note said stay away from the Hales maybe it was one of them. What if someone in their family doesn’t like the fact that this Grayson boy likes Abigail?” 
 “I’m not pressing charges – but fine, I guess it was him. For Jackson to do this, he’s probably hurting enough as it is, so let’s just leave it and move on.” I felt sick at my own words, I knew Jack hadn’t done this but I needed to find out why Kaleb would lie about it. Whoever sent me that message must have something on the Hales; why else would they try to cover this up? My plan was to continue spending time with Grayson and then hopefully he would explain it all to me. In the meantime, I wanted to confirm my suspicions that Kaleb had Jackson lie to the police and how they managed to make him do it.
“I think you’re rushing to conclusions Abigail, what evidence is there to say Jackson did it?” My uncle sustained angrily.
“Let’s just leave it alone. I want to forget all of this, okay.” I headed back into the house. I hurried into the small bathroom downstairs, locking the door behind me. I snatched my mobile phone from my jeans pocket and pressed Jackson’s number into the keypad, waiting for him to answer. The phone went straight to voicemail. Of course, he can’t answer, he’s at the bloody police station, I realised. I quickly looked up their phone number and called them.
“Hello? St Mary’s Police station.” An officer spoke kindly.
Relieved that a female had answered the phone I replied with enthusiasm. “Hi, I wonder if you could help me, my name is Abigail Lawson, I’m –”
“Oh, hello Abigail, you’re quite the talk of the police station at the minute, how are you?” 
“I’m fine; I’m just letting you know that I’m not pressing charges against Jackson Ashcroft, so you can let him go.”
She sighed. “Can I ask why Abigail?”
“He’s a friend, he’s going through some stuff, and so can you please just let him go.”
“We can, but I’ll need you to come down to the station and sign some documents for us.” I could hear the officer was confused by my decision.
I inhaled deeply. “Okay, I’ll be down there within the hour.” Going down to the station was exactly what I wanted to avoid, I hadn’t seen Jackson since we split up and I didn’t intend to see him either. 
I heard a car pulling up near the driveway. Peeking out of the bathroom window, I could see that it was Grayson. I rushed to the doorway curious to know why he was at my house. As I got to the door uncle Konrad was just coming back inside. Luckily, my mum’s feelings of killing Grayson have passed since she’s fallen hook line and sinker for Kaleb’s nonsense. 
I couldn’t breathe, I quickly saw Logan getting out of his car. Grayson had just given my brother a lift home from school. I didn’t know whether to thank him or kill him.
I was completely baffled. “Grayson, what are you doing?”
“My sister Ella knows your brother; they have apparently been inseparable this afternoon in class. So when my sister said his full name I knew it was your brother, she asked if we could give Logan a lift home – I hope that’s not a problem, although now, stupidly I’m seeing that it is.” He smiled softly. 
“No, it’s not a problem - this time Grayson. Thank you for bringing him home.” Mum intervened nicely. I assumed her Stepford wife’s routine was for my benefit, ensuring she didn’t scare him off. “Grayson, would you and your sister like to stay for tea?” Mum smirked in my direction.
“Yes! I mean, yes, please.” Ella yelled who obviously had a big crush on my brother.
Grayson looked at me. “Thank you for the generous offer Mrs Lawson, but we should really be getting home, another night I promise.” 
“Bye Logan, can I see you tomorrow?” Ella spoke. 
Grayson grinned at me, amused at our sibling’s fondness for one another. “Mum, can I?” Logan asked. 
“Well it’s Saturday tomorrow Logan, you’ve got football till two but after that it’s fine – that is if Grayson’s mum and dad don’t have a problem with it.” Mum considered everyone’s feelings.
“I’m sure it will be fine, I’ll drop her off about three, if that’s okay?” Grayson shared.
“Sure, that’s great.” Mum smiled, probably because she could see that I was finally getting over Jackson. As much as I wanted to stick around for this little play we were performing on our driveway, I really needed to get to the police station and get them to release Jack.
“Konrad can you please give me a lift to the police station?” I shouted from outside.
“That depends - are you going to tell the police Jackson didn’t do it?” He asked, yelling back at me from the kitchen window.
 “I’m not pressing charges, I’ve told you, so it doesn’t even matter. I have to get down there to sign some stuff and then they’ll let him out.”
Mum sighed. “Konrad please give her a lift.” 
“Nope, not if she’s making out like he’s done it without any solid proof.” Konrad explained, being more annoying than usual. 
“Konrad - the boy’s admitted to doing it.” Mum shrieked. 
He scoffed. “That doesn’t mean anything; he could have been paid off by those rich –”
Before Konrad could finish his inappropriate sentence, mum interrupted him. “Oh be like that then Konrad, you’re being stupid! Baby, I can’t give you a lift, the engines shot, that’s why he’s working on it, SLOWLY I might add.” Mum said trying to get a rise out of her brother. 
 “I can give you a lift?” Grayson offered. 
I paused. “Seriously? Don’t you need to get home?”  
He smirked. “I think I can manage taking you to the police station.”
“Thank you, yes I’d love that. Thank you.” I said, repeating myself like an absolute idiot.
Grayson promptly dropped me off at the Police station, no questions asked. It would have been easy for him to question me about my relationship with Jackson, but he didn’t. Which made the over thinker in me believe one of two things.

1.He didn’t care who Jackson was to me because he didn’t like me like that. 
OR
1.He already knew who Jackson was and he wasn’t worried about it.






















Chapter Nine
I Don’t Kiss & Tell

 I made my way through to the reception desk of the station. A middle-aged woman with red hair seemed to be in charge so I directed my attention at her.
“Hi, I’m Abigail Lawson, I was told to come in and sign something in order for Jackson Ashcroft to be released.” I said boldly, wholly fixated on what Jack must have gone through today.
 “Ah yes, the young woman that doesn’t want to press any charges.” She said belittling me. “You need to sign these and then we will bring him through, are you sure you want to be here when we let him out?”
“I’m fine.” I snapped, quickly signing the papers. I handed the documents to her over the desk. “Here.”
“Okay then, one minute.” The officer said leaving her post. I waited for about twenty minutes and then finally the red-haired woman appeared again.
“Come through Jackson please.” She spoke, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. Jack appeared from one of the back rooms. I hadn’t seen him for so long and he looked different, good different.
“You understand that you have been cautioned - but you’re free to go, don’t let anything like this happen again Jackson.” The officer advised him. 
He glanced at me. “I won’t!” Jackson stormed out of the police station and I had no choice but to follow him. 
“Jack, please talk to me.” I begged on the side of the street.
“There’s nothing to talk about.” He continued up the road.
“Why did you do it?” I asked hoping for an honest response.
He sneered. “Didn’t you hear? – I’m jealous.” Jack laughed at his own words.
“I didn’t mean that, why did you confess to something you obviously didn’t do? Did Kaleb make you do it?” I finally caught him up. 
This must have struck a nerve with Jackson because he suddenly stopped and turned around to face me. “Hey, Kaleb is alright. He asked me to do him a favour and I did.” 
“Why would you do him a favour? – You don’t even know him Jackson! Did he give you money?” I probed.
“I’m not supposed to be talking to you, but just know that I was highly compensated for my efforts, you don’t need to worry about me - I’m not your problem anymore, remember.”
“Jackson, wait – I have to ask, why did you keep ringing my house? Did you really think we would get back together?”
“What are you talking about; I never called your house. This is the first time we've spoken since our break up, and now if you don't mind, I really should be going.” Jackson snapped. “Oh and as for the getting back together crap – I couldn't think of anything worse.” He said before stepping forward into the road. That boy always knew what to say in order to hurt me. 
“Jack, hold on –” My voice was ignored as he switched to the other pavement. I continued to watch him walk up the road and then disappear into a walkway. Had he completely lost his mind? I know he called me, why was he pretending that he hadn't? On the bright side, I now had my proof that Kaleb made Jackson take the fall for the note – the only question left was why?
I pulled the phone from my coat pocket and saw that it was nearly four o clock. I needed to get home and have some tea quickly if I was going to catch the sunset for six. 
Arriving back home, I saw that mum’s car wasn’t there; I guessed Konrad must have finally got the engine going. I entered the house searching around for her.
“Mum! Where are you?” Two seconds later, I heard someone fiddling around through the garage door. “Hello?” I whispered, this couldn’t be happening again, could it? 
My mum quickly burst through the door of kitchen. “Bloody hell, you scared me. Why were you in the garage?” I shouted. 
“Oh I’m looking for some papers for the car, your uncle had to take it in to the shop, it’s completely ruined, there’s loads of rust in the gas tank - it’s like someone’s poured a whole lot of bleach into it.” She said running around trying to find her coat.
I swallowed loudly. “Well did someone pour bleach in the tank?” 
“I’m sure it’s nothing Abi, I said it's like someone’s poured bleach in the tank, anyway I’ve got to go to Konrad's house. Logan’s with him so there’s just you in tonight, you okay getting something to eat?” 
“Yes, I’m okay,” I assured her, not wanting to tell her I was planning on going up to the Garrison Walls again - I lied and said I’d order a pizza and watch a film on my own. “What time will you be back?” 
“Probably about nine, okay! See you later.” She said shuffling out of the door.
That worked out well for me – I needed to get ready! I gathered my thicker jacket from upstairs in mum’s wardrobe, tied my hair up in a scruffy knot and grabbed my camera off the computer desk. I was suspicious of everything and everyone. Before leaving the house, I made certain all the windows and doors were locked. 
I walked away from my driveway, looking back continuously, my mind wracked with paranoia. I hiked slowly up the pike steering off the main route. The long-standing path to the Garrison Walls led directly into the forest – I didn’t feel like treading through the woods tonight. I made sure that I kept in the open, where  passersby could still see me.
I was afraid to admit how much the last few days had really affected me; I was still unable to shake off the feeling of being followed. Eventually, I made it to the glade; I knew that I was only a few footsteps now away from the Garrison. 
I tottered up the stone steps, taking in the view from the edge of the wall – it was breathtaking. I loved this time of night; I carefully set up my camera on the tripod, balancing it on top of the smooth part of the wall. For once, I was early, and had about fifteen minutes to wait for the sunset. I thought twice about throwing my leg over the side of the wall, frightened that I’d fall again. I resisted the urge to sit on the edge this time and instead made myself comfortable leaning against one of the boulders.
I quickly noticed the bushes behind me were beginning to judder. I couldn’t believe it! What was it this time? I just want one night to be how I pictured it in my head.
“Abigail?” A voice hushed from outside the trees. The muscular silhouette of a man started to come into view - it was Grayson.
“What are you doing here?” I could feel my cheeks blushing. 
He stepped towards me. “I fancied a walk.” 
“And you coincidently walked to my spot? I thought you had to get home and see your family?” I questioned, suggesting he’d been dishonest before.
“Your spot?” He grinned, making his way to the wall. “You’re right, I didn’t have to go home, and I just sensed you didn’t really want me to have dinner with your family.” He said, forcing me to apologise. 
“It wasn’t what you think but I’m sorry if I made you feel like that. It’s just I really wanted to come here tonight, the last couple of times I was here, haven’t exactly gone the way I planned.” I hoped that Grayson would understand.
 “So why do you like coming here so much?” Grayson smiled as he approached me. 
I coughed nervously. “Something tells me you already know the reason, but you asked so I'll tell you. I guess it’s my favourite place on the whole island.” 
Grayson moved even closer to me. “Why’s that?” 
I struggled to catch my breath as he gently touched my arm with his. “Erm, when I was fifteen my parents would argue a hell of a lot – the house just got unbearable so I’d just walk around hoping they would calm down by the time I got back. On one of my walks, I found this place. I thought it was magical, corny I know.”  I smirked. “Afterwards, I would come up here whenever I needed to gain a little perspective on things.” I was surprised at my own truthfulness; I usually never let anyone in. 
“I can see why you would choose this place.” He looked towards the sunset. 
I couldn’t help but smile at him. “So - how did you find me Gray?”
He smirked. “Gray? You call me Gray.” 
“I didn't mean – it's just what I – erm.” I sighed, not really knowing what to say. 
“I like that you call me Gray, nobody else does.” He nudged me with his elbow. “Erm. So, yeah - I was – actually going for a walk.” 
“Oh, sorry.” I laughed, embarrassed that I practically accused him of being a stalker.
“I did – however, see you at the bottom of the hill and then got curious, so I followed you, so I’m sorry.” He grinned. 
 “Okay, stalker, can you hand me that bag from behind you please.” I teased him.
“Yeah sure.” Grayson tried to snoop in the bag as he passed it over to me. “So – what are we doing here then?” 
“Well, you’re going to be annoying me, while I’m going to be taking photographs of the sunset.” I laughed. 
“That’s cool; I didn’t know you were into photography.” He said, trying not to bite at my playful remarks.
“Yeah, my dad bought the camera for me as a – 'sorry mum and I got divorced' – kind of present. After that, it’s not really left my hands. What about you? Do you have anything like this? A hobby or something?” I urged him to tell me anything real about himself.
“Erm, I like painting, I had a studio back at our old house, so yeah, I guess that would be my method of escape.” Grayson intrigued me more and more. I never expected him to tell me anything straightforward because he’s always avoiding my questions; it was nice to hear something truthful about him. 
“And – then there’s you, you’re pretty much my hobby for now, painting doesn’t really compare.” He shocked me, causing me to move back from behind my lens.  I was fixated on Grayson’s face; I’d forgotten all about my camera. I couldn’t explain the pure magnetism that we had together; I could see that we both felt it.
Grayson little by little, approached me; he looked like he was going to kiss me. I suddenly panicked, for some reason it was as if I’d forgotten how to kiss and I’m a good kisser! I hoped.
Suddenly, the green light flickered, distracting us from what we really wanted. Grayson shifted his head towards me and smiled softly, relaxing my nerves.
He moved in gently, his eyes were beginning to close, as his lips reached mine tenderly - we shared the most wonderful kiss I have ever experienced in my life. It was electric. Seriously, everyone in the entire world should be able to experience that feeling at least once in their lifetime. I knew without a doubt that I had found the man I belonged with and he was already mine.
 













Chapter Ten
There’s No Rest for the Wicked 
 That kiss was incredible! Not to mention it just happened in my favourite place in the world. Grayson persuaded me to sit with him on top of the wall; I must have sat there for over an hour. As the night drew closer and the sun eventually set, he insisted on taking me home. Gray walked me to my front door and gave me another kiss to end the most perfect evening. I hesitated, opening the door. I honestly just wanted to stay with him and I knew he felt it too.
I was grateful to him; after all, his house was on the other side of the island. “I had an incredible night, thank you for walking me home.”
“It’s no problem; I wanted to know you were home safe. So I’ll see you tomorrow for our date?” He smiled. 
I laughed. “Yes, you will, when exactly should I be expecting you again?” 
“Can you be ready for three in the afternoon, that’s when I’m supposed to be dropping Ella off at yours?”
“I can definitely be ready for three, I’ll see you then.” I quickly kissed his lips and then rushed inside. Breathing became more difficult, I was so excited for tomorrow. I couldn’t stop thinking about what I was going to wear for our date, about seventy different outfits flashed through my mind.
“Abigail is that you?” Mum called, walking around the corner into the hallway.
“Yes! Hiya - what are you doing back? I thought you were only coming back later?” I tried to buy myself some time, knowing that now I had to come up with an excuse explaining where I’d been.
“The cars wrecked, completely totalled. So I decided to come home and drown myself in wine.”
“What! Konrad can’t fix it? He can fix anything. I’m sorry mum, does he know whether the damage was intentional or not?” I chose my words carefully.
“What do you mean Abi? No-one did anything to the car, not everything is out to get you, Jesus!” She stormed off into the living room.
I thought it was best to leave her alone with her wine for the rest of the night. I marched through into the kitchen to grab some water from the fridge. I guess mum had thought I’d gone upstairs because minutes later I heard my name mentioned in her phone conversation. I listened in to her discussion, she was rambling about something, but I couldn’t quite make anything out. I tiptoed softly and walked towards the stairs where I could hear her much clearer. 
“No Konrad I didn’t tell her.” She whispered. “Because I don’t want to worry her, she’s already on pins about everything. What good would it do if I enabled her anymore? She doesn’t need to know about the car. Are you coming back here after you’ve been to see the police?” 
“Good, I’m glad, see you in a bit.” She ended the call.
So now, we were both lying to keep each other safe. Usually, I would have barged straight through into the living room and demand that she tells me what happened to the car – but not this time. I was sick of worrying about everything! I had just had the most amazing night of my entire life and nothing was going to ruin this for me.
I moved up the stairs into my bedroom, thanking God for the door still being locked. I unlocked it, but I was still worried about someone being in my room. I couldn’t see anything out of place, so I quickly got undressed and headed for a shower. The water felt so good hammering down all over my body, as if I was washing away all of the anxiety that had built up over the last few days. I thought I heard something in the hallway. I turned the shower off and stepped carefully out of the bath, pulling the shower curtain away.
I grabbed a grey towel from the shelf on my right and turned to the mirror. In disbelief, I jerked backwards and slid on the floor hitting the edge of the sink as I fell down. I heard something crack followed by an excruciating pain. I screamed in agony, which alerted my mum downstairs. I could hear her footsteps sprinting to get to me as fast as she could. She barged through the door, breaking the towel rail as she stepped down to hold me.
“Oh Abigail! What happened? Can you move?” She cried, trying to lift me. I yelled out in pain.
“I can’t move! I think I’ve hurt my back or ribs, I’m not sure, it’s all hurting at the minute, but I can’t breathe very well.” Mum quickly decided that we needed an ambulance.
She hurried onto the landing and grabbed the phone off the cabinet. I could see her fingers shaking as she was trying to control her nerves. I could feel myself losing consciousness and I slowly floated away - breaking free from the pain.
Eventually, things came back into focus. I was still bleary and confused, but I was a bit more responsive. I soon realised that I was in a hospital bed with a plastic tube inserted into my arm. I looked up and saw a drip above my head. I tried to reach the glass of water on the table and as I did I could feel the bruises immediately on the bottom of my back. I knew I’d hurt my ribs as the slightest movement made it impossible for me to catch my breath.
I heard a commotion from outside the room; the blinds were closed so I couldn’t see what was happening. Why was I in a room all on my own? I wasn’t in a ward. It was a nice space, how could my mum afford this? She must have asked dad, that’s the only explanation. 
“She’s awake!” I heard someone say from the corridor, triggering seven people to rush through the door.
I was still woozy and had to work hard to focus my eyes. In shock, I was drawn to Grayson standing right in front of me, my mum fixed restlessly next to him. Logan was stood worried at the side of me, my brother gently reaching out for my hand. I recognised Anna; she positioned herself behind Grayson. She looked visibly upset by my accident. There were two other people at the back of the room, but I hadn’t seen them before. There was a young man, perhaps a little older than me with long brown hair and kind blue eyes. I liked that he looked concerned about me. The other was an attractive older man, about mum’s age; his bright green eyes were softly staring at me. His dark brown beard made me giggle nervously, I actually felt comforted by his presence for some reason, and he made me feel at ease. 
I had just about wrapped my head around who was in my room, when a nurse came in asking me lots of questions in an annoyingly high-pitched voice. “Hello Abigail, oh my - you have a lot of visitors don’t you? Now don’t worry, we are going to take good care of you here. Now – do you remember what happened?” 
I looked at my mum. “Erm I fell in the bathroom.” 
“Yes you did - you’ve broken your rib in two places, this is what’s making it hard to breathe at the minute, but hopefully that will get better in a couple of days.” The nurse continued. 
“A couple of days? How long do I need to stay here for?” I hated hospitals with a passion.
Mum quickly interrupted sensing my anger. “Don’t worry about that Abigail for now; we just need you to rest.”
“I don’t want to stay here, can’t I stay at home?” 
Mum sighed. “Well, Mr Hale has made it possible for you to stay in hospital and get the best care available better than you recovering at home.” 
“What! If I’ve broken my ribs I should be able to go home, remember my friend Jenny, she broke her ribs in gymnastics when she was nine and she was allowed to recover at home.” I said making my case.
“It’s true, normally, someone with your injuries can recover at home, but Mr Hale and your mum have agreed that it would be better for you to stay here and rest.” The nurse insisted.
“Well, Mr Hale is not my dad and I’m 19 years old, I should be able to decide for myself.” I grunted, moving in pain.
“Abigail please.” Grayson spoke softly, preventing me from biting his head off too.
“Excuse me guys, can I have a moment with my daughter please, alone.” Mum eventually nudged them all out of the room. I wouldn’t even look her in the eyes, my head drifted to the left side of the room staring out of the window.
“Abigail, I know you’re mad at me for making you stay here, but you know why? I think you need some rest and while you’re here – you are safe. Did you not think I saw the mirror? A message written by someone while you were in the shower. Stay away from him! That’s what they put right? Enough to scare someone into slipping on the bathroom floor – don’t you think? Now I know how you feel about Grayson, I see the way you both look at one another, so I’m not even going to try to steer you away from him but, you can stay here in the hospital for me while you recover. In the meantime, all of us can try and figure out who’s doing this to you.” 
I scoffed. “Fine, but how long are we talking here?” 
“The doctors say about four weeks, then your ribs will still be tender for a while but they will have healed and I’ll feel better about you coming home.” Mum comforted me. 
“Okay. I’ll stay.” Hating the words, I just said aloud. I was silent for a few minutes taking it all in, when it suddenly dawned on me that my uncle was missing.
“Hey! Where’s Konrad?”
“Oh, he’s gone getting your clothes and some other things you’ll need, you’re going to want a lot of stuff if you’re staying here for a while.” 
“I can’t believe I have to stay here.”
“Do you want to see Grayson?” Mum asked, knowing that I couldn’t resist grinning when she said his name.
“Shouldn’t I see Logan first?” I tried to do the right thing, but knowing in my heart the only face I wanted to see in that moment was Grayson's.
“Don’t worry; I’ll pull some strings outside.” Mum laughed. 
I smiled as I watched her leave the room, anxiously waiting for Gray to return. My mum was obviously working her magic with my brother outside because it took a few minutes before Grayson opened the door.
My heart instantly warmed when I saw his face. “Well hello.” He said, trying to make me laugh. “I won’t ask if you’re okay because I know you’re not.” He kissed me on the cheek.
“I won’t get my date now.” I mumbled beneath my breath.
“Seriously, after what you’ve been through tonight, the only thing you’re  bothered about is our date?” Making me question my priorities, he didn't change my mind. 
I cleared my throat. “Is that bad?”
“No, not for me - I guess, I’m flattered. So how did your fall happen?” Grayson quickly changed the subject.
“I slipped and fell; didn’t my mum tell you that?” 
“And is that all?” Grayson looked at me in a way that he knew what had happened and he just wanted me to admit it to him.
I kept quiet for a few seconds debating whether I should tell him the truth or not. “Someone wrote something on my mirror – stay away from him, it shocked me and I slipped.” 
I could feel him pull away from me. “What! I’m so sorry Abi.” 
“You don’t need to apologise Gray, I just need to know what’s going on.” 
“I’ll deal with it.” He said, rising from the bed.
Grayson was beginning to irritate me. “I don’t want you to deal with it; I want you to tell me who’s doing this?”
“I’m sorry, I can’t.” He headed slowly towards the door, pushing down the handle. “I’ll come in later to see you when everyone’s gone, if the nurses let me.” 
“Don’t bother.” I was sick of his games. I turned my head back to the window, ignoring his words. 
“Abigail, please don’t.” He spoke. I maintained my silence and waited for him to leave the room. “I’m sorry.” Grayson sighed, opening the door and disappearing into the corridor.
I whimpered faintly into my pillow, I didn’t understand why he wouldn’t just tell me the truth? After a few minutes, my mum re-entered the room, knowing something was wrong. “Kaleb’s made it so I can stay with you tonight I don’t feel comfortable leaving you alone. He’s arranged for someone to watch over you from outside the room while you’re in hospital too.”
I turned to face her. “What! Are you for real? I’m being guarded now?”
“Abigail, he insists and to be honest it’s not a bad idea. Someone is mentally trying to mess with you. Now – I’m going to take as much help from these people as I can get to protect you.” Mum was obviously upset by the situation, no use arguing with her in a mood like this. 
“Fine, are you telling the police about the mirror.”
“There’s no point, we have no proof and Kaleb says he’s handling it anyway and I believe him.” 
“If I have to hear one more time that the Hales are handling it! I will scream. Mum can I just get some rest please, I’m shattered.” Mum quickly kissed me on the forehead and told me she’d be back later. I hated her babysitting me. When she left the room, I tried to fight my need for some sleep. In spite of my efforts, the temptation of dozing off was too great and I drifted away, completely dead to the world. 



Chapter Eleven
Hospital Tea Break 
The throbbing from my ribs suddenly stirred me awake. I felt like I’d only slept a couple of hours, when my mum quickly leapt up from behind the bed looking concerned.
“What’s wrong?” Mum worried me. 
“Do you know how long you’ve been asleep for?” She looked overjoyed that I was finally awake.
I glanced around the room, searching for a clock. “No, it can’t have been that long.”
She sighed. “Abi, it’s ten past six at night.”
“What! I’ve slept a whole day away, what drugs have they got me on?” 
Mum came closer to me. “Just painkillers – but we couldn’t wake you up. The doctor just said to leave you be, it’s nothing serious, but you didn’t half scare me.”
I immediately noticed my lack of visitors. “Where is everyone?”
“They’ve been and gone baby. Like I said you’ve been asleep the entire day. Grayson came first thing in the morning and then Konrad and Logan came after him, a few of Grayson’s family came up in the afternoon to meet you. I called your dad last night, he should be here about eleven and I’ve arranged for him to stay with you tonight instead of me, that okay?”
“Dad’s coming? – Really?” I said mocking his impending arrival.
“You be nice, he got on the first train down here when he found out, he's dropped everything to be with you.”
“What does he want - a medal? Isn’t that what you’re supposed to do for your kids?” I was angry at her defensiveness over him.
“I’m not getting into another argument, you’ve been snappy since –” She was interrupted by a loud knock on the door. Mum opened it slightly to check who it was, smiling with enthusiasm she moved out-of-the-way. The door opened fully, revealing Grayson standing there in the walkway with a metal trolley covered in a red tablecloth. 
“What are you doing?” I smirked, trying to still be mad at him.
“Well, you were upset that we didn’t get to go on our date, so I thought I’d bring the date to you.” He smiled. 
I avoided eye contact with him. “What would you have done if I’d have still been asleep?”
“This dinner has kind of been on standby since four, your mum just texted me saying your awake and I heated it up.” Grayson sniggered. 
“I’m impressed, thank you. Wait – since four? Mum said you came to see me in the morning.” I looked at him confused. 
“I've not left since we spoke last night.” He spoke, surprising me. 
Mum sighed. “It's true. I didn't want to tell you that so he didn't come across all needy.”
Grayson laughed. “Yeah, thanks for that Mrs Lawson.”
I grinned. “So you've not showered or anything and you want me to date you.” 
“If you'll have me. Yes.” He smiled making me completely forget our argument last night. God damn that he's irish, that accent gets me every time. 
I nodded giving in to his charm. “ So who helped you cook? Mum?” I turned to her. 
“This is all him Abi.” She said, heading towards the door. “I’m going to leave you two alone.” Mum winked closing the door behind her.
Grayson unveiled all of his hard work, serving up a three-course meal. It was suddenly apparent to me that my mum must have influenced his menu choices for tonight. Everything he cooked was Italian, my favourite food. There were crimson red roses and a beautiful champagne flute that he’d placed on my side table. I couldn’t believe the amount of effort he’d put into this. My ex Jackson’s idea of romance was a pizza on a Friday night, which I usually had to pay for.
Apparently, Grayson was very popular with the nurses. He’d persuaded them to let us play a few country songs in my room. I could tell by his face that it wasn’t his favourite music in the world, but I loved that he’d thought about what I liked. Grayson continued to be a gentleman all-night; attentive and charming, wonderfully hilarious; I couldn’t stop laughing at him. Suddenly, the door opened, it was one of the nurses making her presence known.
“Hello Abigail, can I bring these through please.” She said, holding four pink, helium balloons in the shape of a love heart.
“Seriously?” I laughed. 
“It’s our first date and I wanted it to be special.” He said reaching out for my hand.
“Grayson, I think I’m –” He quickly interrupted my confession.
He sighed. “Abigail, I have an idea about what you’re going to say and I really don’t want this to be the place where you say it to me.” 
“I was going to say, I think I’m in love with your food.”  I spoke, embarrassed by his honesty.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I just didn’t want – you know what, let’s just eat and I’ll shut up.” He continued digging into his food. That’s not what I was going to say at all, I was going to tell him that I was falling for him. Grayson’s reaction confused me and I wondered if he felt like I did? I decided to let my insecurities go for the sake of the evening and enjoy myself. After dessert, he helped the nurses clear the dishes out of the room and spent almost ten minutes thanking them individually for driving the evening.
When he came back in there was quite clearly only one thing on my mind. “Come here.” 
Grayson walked to the side of the bed. “Yes, what can I help you with?” He smiled. 
“Kiss me.” I insisted, leading his lips to meet mine. I gently stroked the back of his head as we kissed, causing my back to slope down the bed. My ribs were in terrible pain, but I hid it well from Grayson. I hesitated for a second, knowing what I really wanted. “Get on here I want you to hold me.”
“What if I hurt you?” 
“Please.” I said, holding his hand, gesturing him to get on the bed.
He started to kick his shoes off and carefully climbed around me. “Okay, two minutes and then I get off.” Grayson’s arm was beneath my head and his other was wrapped tightly around my waist, I couldn’t believe how safe I felt. I could sense myself sinking deeper into a trance like state, my eyes were now feeling much heavier.
“Abigail, I’m falling in love with you.” Grayson whispered in my ear.
I couldn’t believe he stole my moment of saying it to him and then blurted it out to me. I was too tired to yell at him, so I decided to squeeze Grayson’s hand letting him know that I’d heard his beautiful admission – after all, he already knew I felt the same.
I quickly woke up at the sound of the door creaking open. I noticed that Grayson had disappeared; he probably sneaked out of my room trying not to wake me. The door opened and I saw my dad’s silhouette standing there in the shadows.
“Hello Sweet pea.” Dad mumbled pacing towards me.
I pulled him into an embrace. “Hi Dad.” 
“I see you’re still clumsy.” He whispered, trying to be funny.
“Yep, I am – you really didn’t need to come all of this way for me, I’ll have healed in a few weeks.” 
“Wolves couldn’t keep me away Abigail. Mum said that’s not the only thing been going on with you, do you want to talk about it?” I tried not to think about how strange his choice of words were considering what's happened. 
“Not really, mum can tell you all about it, I’m tired dad.”
“Okay, I’m staying here tonight with you; I’ll be on the couch if you need anything.” He said attempting to act how he thinks a dad should. “Abigail, I know I’ve not been around for you and Logan recently, but I’m here now and I’m not going anywhere.” 
I turned to look at him. “What do you mean? Not going anywhere.” 
“I’ve taken a leave of absence from my job and I’m not leaving you. Not until I'm sure you’re okay.”
“And then you’ll disappear again and head back to London, yeah?” I turned my head to the side. 
“Abigail, I’m trying here, you don’t –” I quickly interrupted his verbal monologue that would have probably lasted about an hour.
“I’m not interested dad, I need some rest – you can talk AT me tomorrow.” I said unsympathetic to his stupid life decisions.
Dad must have taken the hint because he took his duffel bag off my bed and made himself comfortable on the leather couch at the back of the room. My dad’s place was with his family regardless of his and mum’s childish little arguments and I just wished that he could see that.
The five weeks in hospital, fortunately flew past. It ended up being a five-week stay because there was a complication with my back, nothing serious, but it did take a bit longer for me to feel normal again. Grayson came to visit me every single day as did mum, Konrad and dad and with no shortage of arguments from either of them. Logan came most days after school and happily told me all about Ella. I continued to help him with his homework from my hospital bed, mum had never been good at that kind of stuff and he refused to ask dad for any help. Even Anna dropped by once a week to give me a two-hour session on improving my coursework and my teacher had given me a lengthy extension due to my accident. Four weeks into my stay at hospital, Anna graciously offered to hand my last assignment in for me. That was it, the last of my college essays. I was officially an adult, an adult with no university choices or job prospects, but an adult nonetheless. Everything had been happening so fast lately, I’d forgotten all about applying for any universities. Claire, my tutor, stopped me from applying with the rest of my classmates; she thought it was better to hold off until I got my extra credit work in. She was right; it would have improved my chances of getting into a better school, although I’m sure she didn’t mean to wait this long. 
If I’m honest with myself it’s no one’s fault but mine, I don’t know when it happened but I think over these past few weeks I’ve prepared myself for taking a year off. I’d help my mum with the bed and breakfast and look at universities in the spring of next year. I don’t feel like I can leave my family yet and on top of that, there’s Grayson. I might as well address the elephant in the room, something strange is happening and I want to find out what it is.
I was pleasantly surprised that nothing out of the ordinary happened while I was in hospital. I guess whoever is after me didn’t feel like attacking me while I was here. I knew that the doctors were about to release me and I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t scared of going back home. I feel bad about all the grief I gave my mum. I hated the idea of staying in hospital and now it seems that I’m afraid to leave. Nothing has happened to me here, what if I go back to my normal life and it starts again? No! You know what - I’ve had enough of feeling sorry for myself. I’m going to try and think positive, the person doing this probably thought they’d gone too far when I got hurt, perhaps this was the end of it. Maybe things were looking up, after all. 
 















Chapter Twelve
Two Sides of a Coin
Mum had at last agreed to take me home. The first thing I wanted to do when I got back was to take a long nap in my own bed, I could practically hear it calling my name. Dad drove us all home from the hospital, well – all of us except Konrad that is. My uncle outright refused to be taken anywhere by him and, besides that, Konrad had his own life to live; he wasn’t even living at our house anymore. I really didn't realise how deep my uncle’s hatred for my dad went, but when I think about it, Konrad was the one who had to pick up the pieces after my parent’s marriage went south. 
Dad was doing everything in his power to make me feel comfortable, I think he was still nursing his own guilt for the way he had treated us the last few years. I could see that he was trying his best, but no amount of magazines or cookie dough ice cream was going to change our relationship overnight. 
I’d just walked through the door when the phone started ringing. “Henry, can you get that please?” Mum asked him whilst carrying my bags to the kitchen table.
 “Hello?” I could see that he was frustrated by the call. 
Dad sighed. “Abigail, it’s for you, now remember what the doctor said don’t push yourself too hard, he said not that much excitement.” 
Don’t excite myself - what was he on about? I reached for the phone out of my dad’s hand and still he was hell-bent on staring me down. “Hello?” 
“Abigail?” A voice said all wound up. I squealed like a brainless five-year old kid, screaming at an ear-splitting pitch. 
“Riley!” I yelled down the phone.
“Alright blondie?” I couldn’t believe I was hearing her voice. 
“‘Hey! I thought you were in Tokyo with your dad?” I was thrilled with her call.
“I came back when I heard about your accident; your mum wanted it to be a surprise, but I just couldn’t hold my water any longer.” She never could keep a secret for very long.
I laughed. “So where are you now?” 
“Currently - I’m waiting for the air bus to take me to our God forsaken island.” Riley sniggered. 
“Oh my God, so you’re like - pretty much an hour away?” I screeched in excitement.
“Yep, so can you tell that handsome uncle of yours, that I could do with a ride once I’ve landed please?” 
“Konrad’s at his house, but my dad’s here though, he can come and get you. I can’t wait to see you!” I expressed hanging up the phone.
“Dad - can you please pick up Riley from the air bus terminal?” I tried to be as polite as possible. 
He smiled. “When did I become your taxi service? What time? Now?” I quickly looked up the times of the airbus using my phone and saw that the next ride over to the island was in fifteen minutes.
“She’ll be about an hour and a half if the plane's on time, but she’ll probably ring me when it lands.”
“Okay, I'll be there.” Dad said, attempting to prove his new found reliability.
I turned to the kitchen trying to catch mum’s attention. “Mum, I can’t believe you kept this from me? You sneaky little –”
“Erm watch the next word out of your mouth, I wanted it to be a surprise for you, but I should have known Riles couldn’t keep it to herself.” She grinned. 
“I’m glad she told me, thank you for organising it, I’ve really missed her.” I was getting quite upset. Mum came over to hug me. “It’s okay, you know I understand – why don’t you take a little nap before she gets here so you’re not too tired, I bet you hardly slept last night.”
“Yeah, you’re right, I didn’t sleep. Can you wake me up in like an hour?” I asked, standing at the bottom of the stairs.
She touched my shoulder hinting me to go up to my room. “Yes, now go on.”
I entered my bedroom watchfully, still in fear that someone had it in for me. To my surprise, nothing appeared out of the ordinary – maybe I had it right before, perhaps this was it. I’d reached my limit of being scared; I no longer cared who it was. I had a new boyfriend and now my best friend was coming back to the island, I was actually happy for the first time in ages.
I lifted the blanket from the top of my chair and wrapped it around my shoulders, carefully getting into bed. My ribs had healed in hospital, but I was still cautious about wearing my body out, afraid of damaging it again. Fortunately, I fell right to sleep, my mind still exhausted from my stay in hospital.
“Wake up Tabbie!” A voice uttered from over my head.
I gently opened my eyes to see Riley smiling above me. I reached out, grabbing her waist and ended up pulling her onto the bed, ignoring my back pain. I couldn’t believe she was here; obviously telling my mum to wake me was ignored. At that point, I was too overwhelmed to even care! Riley has been my best friend forever. I know that people throw that term around all the time at my age, but she truly was, we were meant to be friends for life.
My mum and dad were born on the Isles, they grew up together being childhood sweethearts and Riley’s parents were the same. Apparently, the four of them caused quite a stir on the island, back when they were teenagers. I remember listening to my parent’s stories and thinking how romantic it all sounded – the four of them against the world. Their close friendship continued into their late twenties and both families had finally grown some roots of their own, settling on the same street as each other. Our mums ended up getting pregnant about the same time, Riley is in fact six months older than me and she doesn’t like me to forget it either. I have thousands of funny stories from our upbringing. She still irritatingly calls me Tabbie because when we were babies Riley couldn’t say Abi properly, so she called me Tabbie instead. We are inseparable. I have always been in awe of her. In school, everyone wanted to be around Riley. In spite of her being popular, I was never jealous of her – I was just glad she chose to hang out with me.
It’s difficult to put into words how she makes me feel. When we were in primary school, we had the nicknames ‘heads and tails,' strange really, because I always thought of us in that way – she was the complete opposite of me but we needed each other. My mum always loved to joke when we were little - that every blonde-haired woman needed a brunette best friend and Riley was certainly mine.
It wasn’t until the accident that everything began to change. Our parents were still extremely close when Riley and I had just turned fourteen. One Friday night, her parents, Tom and Diane, came over to our house to get take-out, so excited about something. They were thrilled to explain how they had won a free, luxury trip to Scotland for five nights. Riley’s dad was forever entering in foolish competitions but this time it seemed to have actually paid off. They cheekily saved the most amazing news until last, the trip was for four adults and they were staying at the most beautiful five star castle in the highlands. I still remember Riley’s mum showing me the brochure. My mum and dad never got to go on a honeymoon so they were ecstatic and, of course, accepted their grand invitation immediately. My grandma, dad’s mum, who now lives in London graciously took us kids with no questions asked. Gran was just thankful to spend time with Riley and us. On the third night, our parents called to check up on everyone, just as they had the previous two evenings. You would think we were able to sense that something bad was going to happen but none of us did. Logan was even too busy playing with his video game to say good night to them. To be fair to him though none of us were too bothered about their phone call. With hindsight, we should have paid more attention to them.
Apparently, all four of them had been to watch a show that night and were driving back to their hotel. Tom had never been much of a drinker so he was the one who was lumbered with the driving duties all holiday. We were told later that a red van crashed into the left hand side of their car. The police said that Diane for some reason hadn’t been wearing a seatbelt and because of this, she was thrown out of the car through the windscreen. Tom had managed to crawl his way out of the car to where Diane lay and just held her. He managed to reach his mobile, making a disoriented phone call to the emergency services before falling unconscious. My mum and dad both recall being pulled out of the car by three men before being knocked out by shock. When they arrived at the hospital, my parents wanted to thank them for their heroism but the ambulance team reported no one was at the crash site when they arrived. Riley’s dad had escaped with a broken arm and a fractured shoulder blade and my parents had luckily suffered only minor injuries in the wreck. Tragically, Diane had already passed away when the paramedics got on the scene; she died wrapped in Tom’s arms. Her last words were of her daughter, 'little dove.' That was her own special name for Riley. Still to this day, Tom insists his wife was wearing her seatbelt when they crashed. Riley thinks it's how her dad chooses to deal with it, to believe Diane hadn't made a mistake.
After Diane's death, everything fell apart for a while. Tom became a workaholic and seemed to push everyone away; he hardly talked to my parents for months on end. He finally sold his house eight months later and moved himself and Riley out of the country to start a new life. I was devastated when she moved, it felt like I’d lost a sister – but at the same time, I understood why she had to go. My mum couldn’t bear living on the same street anymore without Diane there, after all she was mum’s Riley. That’s about the time when the bed and breakfast idea popped into her head and dad wanted to help her get past her grief. My mum never fully recovered from Diane’s death and continued to push my dad away. She became cold and distant, putting everything she had into her business and dad became her punching bag. Their relationship had essentially died with Diane.
Riley still travels around the world with her dad’s job. He's a renowned journalist and author. He seems to be doing better now from what Riley has said on the phone. She tolerates her dad’s drifting personality but lately when speaking to her on video chat she has become incredibly lonely and lost. I hated being so far away from her knowing that there was nothing I could do and she was hurting so much. Riley usually comes to stay with us in the summer for the whole of her six-week vacation. Mum even surprised her last year with her own room decorated in bright bottle green, Riley’s favourite colour. I think mum prefers it when she’s here, Riley is after all the spitting image of her mother. I bet mum feels closer to Diane when she’s here. I wasn’t expecting Riley at all until the end of June but obviously, after mum blabbed to her about me being in hospital, she must have jumped on the first plane back home. I was glad she was back, she always confessed to feeling her mum’s spirit on the island, that’s probably why Riley seems to come alive again when she comes here. 



Chapter Thirteen
Dating for Dummies
“So, what have I missed then? I mean, other than you being a clumsy idiot?” It seemed Riley hadn’t changed a bit - the girl has no filter. I could always depend on her to say exactly what was on her mind.  
“You’re not funny.” I said, patting her on the head. “You didn’t have to come back you know?”
“Yes I did, we have a code – if one of us ends up in hospital the other one has to come and visit them.”
I laughed. “We have never, ever said anything like that to each other and we don’t have a code.”
Riley started tapping me annoyingly on the shoulders. “Well we should have a code and that should definitely be in it, so come on then – what have I missed? You’ve not texted me in like a week, I’m having withdrawals. Your mum mentioned a guy on the phone, do you have a boyfriend that you haven’t told me about?” 
“His name is Grayson Hale, he moved here about a month and a half ago.” I hoped to squash her curiosity.
Riley looked confused by my secrecy. “Why didn’t you tell me about him?” 
“It was new, I just didn’t want to jinx it and say I’ve got a boyfriend.” I lied through my teeth. I didn’t tell Riley about Grayson for the same reason I didn’t mention that I was in hospital. I didn’t want to talk about everything else that has gone on. Riley would have freaked out and come back to the island. I didn’t want to be the reason she stopped living her life.
“Jinx it? Really? You’re so weird. You know I’m going to have to vet this guy right? Need to make sure he’s good enough for you.” Riley smiled as she fooled around with my hair.
 “Yes, I do.” I said laughing trying to put her hands down to the side.
“Now for the important question – is he cute? AND if he is, does he have any brothers?” She surprisingly acted serious.
“He is amazing looking and yes from what he’s said he has three brothers.” 
“Three brothers! Seems I’ve dropped on little one.” She shouted in my ear.
“Yes and you’ve not heard the best part – they’re Irish,’ I laughed. 
Riley jumped up. “No fricking way! I love a good accent. Are any of them single?”
“I think Isaac is 26 - but Grayson made him sound out of bounds for some reason. He dropped by with Gray when I was in the hospital a couple of times, but he seemed a bit of a miserable bugger to be honest. Aidan is Anna’s husband – so keep your mitts off and Colton who is our age is absolutely adorable and he’s hilarious – he kept bringing me gifts in the hospital.” I smirked. 
Riley beamed. “So basically, you suggest Colton for my next conquest then?” 
“I suggest none of Grayson’s brothers for you, I know what you’re like, leave them alone.” I spoke pushing Riles further to side of me.
“What do you mean – you know what I’m like?” She seemed irritated.
Riley was emotionally unavailable, she hasn’t had a real relationship – ever in her entire life. She lost her virginity when she was sixteen to the most popular guy in school; he actually wanted a relationship with her and then out of nowhere she put a stop to their little fling. I think after Diane died she was too scared of falling in love, I think she just couldn’t face losing anyone else. I thought she would have grown out of that by now but if anything her phobia of commitment has worsened over the years. I didn’t want Riley anywhere near Colton; it would be like feeding a spider monkey to a lion. 
“Stop acting offended, you know that bugs me. All I’m saying is that Colton’s a nice guy and you are – well a fly-by-night kind of girl. He’s more of a relationship type of person and you’re just not.” I tried to be polite but I was falling flat on my face.
“Well maybe I’ve just not met the right man yet and who the hell says, fly-by-night? You mean slag, say what you mean blonde. Have you ever thought for just one second that this Colton might be the right one.” She spoke, rising up from the bed.
“Fine! I’ll see if he’s interested in going on a date with you, okay? But please don’t be stupid with his feelings, I can tell he’s all heart and I don’t want him being just another one on your list.” I feared for Colton’s future mental state.
“I won’t! You have nothing to worry about, I’ll be good – I promise. I won’t ruin anything for you and Grayson.” She made clear.
All this catching up was making me hungry. “Thank you, now, what time is it?”
“It’s just gone half twelve I think, why?” Riley helped me off the bed.
I pushed her playfully out of the way. “Good, its dinner time – I’m hungry.” 
I spent all afternoon catching up with Riley; we did each other’s hair and makeup whilst stuffing pizza down our throats. She completely attacked my wardrobe, trying to find an outfit for me to wear for when Grayson came by later. This quality time spent with her, gave me a chance to finally fill Riley in about what’s been happening on the island recently. She handled the information really well but that’s probably because she didn’t believe me, I don’t think I would have if it were the other way around.
All of a sudden, we heard the doorbell ring. “Is that Grayson?” Riley asked excited to meet him. He didn’t actually give me a time to expect him, he just said he would see me later but strangely, he hadn’t texted me all day.
“Abigail, Grayson’s here!” Mum shouted from the hallway. I was so keyed up for him and Riley to meet. I could hear Grayson and mum whispering faintly to one another as I came out of my room. Riley and I ran downstairs eager to see him; he was stood in the doorway holding a bouquet of flowers, dressed to perfection as usual. 
“So this is Grayson? I’ve heard a lot about you. I’m Riley – her best friend.” She smiled, visibly impressed by Grayson’s appearance.
“Hi Riley, it’s nice to meet you. I didn’t know you where here. I’m sorry, I was going to take Abigail on an actual date tonight, you know, but without the hospital.” He looked at me. 
“Well you would have known Riley was here, if you had checked your phone I’ve been texting you all day.” I was irritated by his ignorance.
“I’m sorry, I left my phone at home and I’ve been kind of getting things ready for tonight.” Grayson said, making me regret my sly, little dig.
“Go! The man has planned a date for you. You’ve been stuck in the hospital for over a month - go have some fun. Oh and Abigail - his accent is amazing!” Riley practically started pushing me out of the door.
“What about you?” I felt bad about leaving her alone.
Mum put her arm around Riley’s shoulder. “She’ll be fine with us honey, we will keep her busy. Have a good time.” 
“Yeah, I’ll chill with Kathryn and Logan – don’t worry about me but if I’m asleep when you get in, wake me up, I want all the juicy gossip.” She winked at Grayson. “Now get out of here you crazy kids, I’ll see you later.” Riley laughed, shutting the front door.
Grayson handed me the beautiful flowers while we were outside, I couldn’t help but kiss him, wrapping my arms around his neck. I had waited all day to do that.
“She seems like a handful.” Grayson said walking off the porch.
I sighed. “You have no idea.”
“So where are we going?” I asked, watching Grayson open the car door for me. 
He sniggered. “You’ll see, you’re going to love it.”
Grayson was right I did love it. We arrived at a restaurant after driving for only ten minutes, surprisingly Grayson didn’t get lost this time. I couldn’t believe it - he’d made a reservation at Juliet’s garden. He must have remembered me telling him that this was the place my dad took my mum on their first date when they were teenagers. I had never eaten here before because it was slightly out of my price range. My parents continued to come here every year for their anniversary, it felt bittersweet but, never the less, it was a beautiful gesture. The restaurant’s view of the harbour was stunning at this time of night; you could even see the other islands in the distance. The waiter led us out to one of the tables on the terrace, it was a warm evening and Grayson insisted that we sit outside. He had obviously made an impression on the staff because they treated me like a princess, there were roses and glasses of champagne practically everywhere I looked. He’d ordered almost every single dish on the menu - obviously wanting this night to be perfect.
 I tucked into the ploughman’s crab, the whole lot tasted amazing. Grayson’s appetite must have been in full force because he ate almost everything on the table. After we had finished eating, there was no point in arguing over the bill with him because he was just going to win. We sipped on champagne all night and I could feel myself getting a little tipsy. 
Grayson seemed nervous; it wasn’t something I’d seen before in him. “I’ve got you a present, I saw it in the jewellery shop in town and I thought of you.” He slowly brought out a small, black case from his jacket pocket.
“You’ve got me a gift? You’ve done so much for me tonight already.” 
Grayson opened the leather box; it was a silver necklace with a wolf charm fastened onto it. I stared straight into his brilliant eyes and there was only one thing that came into my mind.
“I’m in love with you.” I spoke, breaking eye contact with him.
Grayson pulled my face back to look at him. “I love you too.” He confessed kissing me affectionately. Grayson held my hand, pulling me up into a standing position. All of a sudden, I heard music coming from inside the restaurant and saw two members of staff smiling at Grayson. The other customers were encouraging me to dance with him. He pulled me in to his chest and moved my arm carefully around to his shoulder.
“Tell me if it starts to hurt your ribs?” Grayson smiled. 
“I will.” I said, reaching out to hold his right hand.
We danced to the most wonderful Irish ballad that Grayson had obviously paid the musician to play. Two other couples came and danced with us outside, I was glad because I didn’t much care for the attention we were getting. When the song ended, Grayson kissed me on the cheek and left a cheque for a substantial amount of money to the restaurant owners. My eyes lit up at the number he’d put down as he led me out of the side gate, thanking the staff as we walked out of the restaurant. 
“I have one more thing left to show you.” He shared building up my curiosity. Grayson had done so much for me already, what was he going to do? Lasso the moon? I shuddered to think. We quickly headed back to his car and set off to my next surprise.
Grayson parked the car right near the Garrison Walls. I couldn’t believe we were here. I hadn’t noticed that he had opened my side door; I was too busy looking at the view. He suddenly picked me up in his arms, and carried me the short distance to my usual spot. It was a night picnic with candles, champagne and strawberries. I could hardly catch my breath; he’d done all of this for me. Grayson carefully placed me on the blanket that he’d filled with rose petals laid out on the ground. I knew that we were spending the night here when I saw the tent that he’d pitched up next to the wall.
“So this is what you were whispering with mum about?” I smiled at him.
He nodded. “Yes, I was asking for permission from your mum.” 
“Are you trying to seduce me Grayson Hale?” I reached for his hand.
“I knew you were going to say something like that.” He laughed. “I just wanted us to spend the night together in your favourite place, that’s all; I’m not expecting anything – that’s not why I did this for you.” 
I actually believed him; I must admit it’s a strange feeling having a man that I could trust. “I know, it’s okay – it’s beautiful. This has been by far the best night of my life, thank you for doing this for me.” I pulled him closer to me. We cuddled for hours, watching the sun go down over the horizon. It suddenly became a lot chillier and I wanted to move into the tent, Grayson was definitely prepared with the number of cushions and blankets that he’d brought us. 
I kissed him passionately hopefully giving him the idea to take things further; I didn’t even care about my stupid injuries anymore. I just wanted him. 
“I love you.” I was longing for him to touch me. Desire was fuelling our feelings of lust, but I was so nervous, my body couldn’t stop trembling. 
“I love you too.” Grayson said, pulling me closer as his mouth opened over mine. 
He must have been able to feel my body shaking under his touch. “Are you okay? We don’t need to do this. I don’t want to rush you.” 
“No, I want to do this, I love you, I’m just nervous I guess, okay a lot nervous.” I panicked. 
He smiled, trying to put me at ease. “There’s nothing to be afraid of, it’s just two people showing how much they love each other, but if you’re not ready, we don’t need to, and I don’t care Abigail. I didn’t do all of this because I wanted us to - ” His words resonated in my mind, I actually saw in his eyes that he was being honest with me, it didn’t make a difference to him at all if we went through with it or not. I knew that he was the one I was supposed to be with, it made it feel right. Everything was perfect; I mean the guy had practically made every effort to impress me. 
“No I want you, I want this.” I pushed my lips closer to his. Grayson’s hands eagerly shivered as he rushed over me, caressing my skin and pulling my hips tightly towards his. I could tell he was just as petrified as I was. I wrapped my arms tightly around his shoulders. “Wait, I need to tell you something. You need to know before we -” Grayson stopped himself. Why was he doing this now? There was nothing anymore that he could tell me that would make me not want to be with him.
“Nothing else matters, just this - okay? I don’t care about any of it anymore, I’m done interrogating you. I love you and I trust you, that’s it.” I said, stroking his hair.
“Okay.” Grayson exhaled; letting go of whatever it was he thought he needed to tell me. “I just need you to let me know if it’s too painful or anything.” 
“It will be fine; I’m a lot tougher than I look.” I kissed him, drawing his chest nearer to mine.
My body felt electrified, pressing against Grayson’s skin was mind-blowing as he softly kissed my neck. My lips found his once again, passionately, falling deeper in love with each other.












Chapter Fourteen
Coming Clean
I woke up, still wrapped in Grayson’s arms. I could feel the cool breeze pressing gently against my skin. He was still asleep. I could never understand why anyone would want to watch someone sleep before, but I did now, I could watch Grayson for hours.
I got dressed quietly, trying not to disturb him as I crept outside. The sunrise seemed particularly beautiful this morning. Suddenly, the tent started to move, I heard Grayson shuffling about in there. 
“Abigail?” He whispered, walking towards me. “Oh wow.” Grayson immediately drew his attention to the sunrise. 
I smiled at his reaction; it was as if he hadn’t seen one before. “It’s beautiful isn’t it?”
“You’re beautiful.” Grayson enclosed his arms around my chest. 
“Last night, was -” I spoke, leading him to interrupt me.
Grayson seemed unsure of himself. “It was wonderful, but Abigail there’s something I need to tell you. I should have told you last night before –” He started to explain. 
“What you’re about to say – will it make me happier than I am now, or will it make me unhappy?” I joked lightly.
He looked so serious. “I don’t know, probably less happy.” 
“Then I don’t want to hear it, this minute – right now is just so perfect, I don’t want anything to ruin it.” I held his hands, moving them around my waist.
Grayson hesitated, certainly bothered by something. “Okay - what if I tell you tonight after you come and meet my family for a meal?” I quickly turned around to face him.
“You want me to meet your whole family? Didn’t I pretty much meet everyone when I was in hospital?” I laughed. 
“Yes, but you’re my girlfriend now and I want them to bond with you – I guess, make them love you as much as I do.”
I had the biggest grin on my face. “You’ve not called me your girlfriend before.”
“Well you are – aren’t you?” Grayson smiled. 
“Yes, I am – I just liked hearing you say it for the first time, that’s all and of course I’ll have dinner with your family if it means that much to you.” I pulled his arms tighter around me. 
“Thank you.” He kissed me. 
Grayson told Isaac that we would be packed up and out of here by eleven and it had almost gone half ten. He’d obviously arranged some sort of deal with his brother in order for us to stay the night without being caught - although, I’m sure Isaac didn’t sign off on our other activities.
We got our stuff together and headed for the car. Grayson dropped me off at home, leading him to kiss me again. I will never, ever get tired of his lips.  
“I’ll pick you up at five, that okay?” He asked.
I beamed. “Yes, I’ll be ready, see you later.” 
“Abi, I love you.” 
“I love you.” I smiled, walking inside the house.
I was about to be cross-examined. I knew that as soon as the door slammed shut I was going to be interrogated by Riley and my mum. The game twenty questions had nothing on these two – try a thousand questions. I heard a voice from upstairs echoing throughout the house.
“She’s back!” Riley shouted excitedly causing me to enter the living room. Logan was playing with the laptop on the couch, unnerving me with his smile. 
I heard Riley and my mum practically running down the stairs in order to hear all about my date. Even Konrad had fallen victim to his curiosity and suddenly appeared through the garage door into the kitchen.
“Hey kid, how was your date?” Konrad bellowed, walking closer to me.
“How did it go?” Mum asked initiating me to sit down next to Logan; I had a feeling this line of questioning was going to go on for a while.
I coughed nervously. “It was perfect - everything was faultless. He’s taking me for a meal with his family tonight, will you be okay Riley?” I asked, feeling awful about leaving her for two nights in a row.
“I’m fine, I just want a date with that Colton guy –get it sorted and you will be forgiven.” She pressured me.
“I will, I’ll take the opportunity of the meal to set your date up.” I reached for Riley’s hand.
I sat there for a good hour explaining to them all about my date. Obviously I left the sex part out whilst Konrad and my brother where in the room. I couldn’t wait to tell Riley all about it, she is forever telling me about her sexual encounters with different men and now I’d actually had one of my own. Funnily, though, I thought I’d feel different somehow, changed maybe – but I didn’t. I didn’t feel anymore of a woman than I did before. The only thing that had changed was my love for Grayson Hale. I don't think it would be possible for me to love him any more than I did right now. 
Unexpectedly, there was a knock on the door and we heard someone’s footsteps walking into the hallway.
“Hello?” Mum said politely, thinking that it was a potential tourist needing a place to stay.
“Hiya, it’s only me.” A voice spoke from around the corner – it was my dad.
I hadn’t seen him since that day we left the hospital – if truth were told; I think mum probably asked him to give Logan and me some well-needed space.
I quickly walked over to him. “Hi dad.”
“How are the ribs doing?” He looked down at my waist.
I smiled. “I’m feeling a lot a better now.”
He came in for a hug. “That’s good, I’m glad.”
“Konrad.” My dad spoke, acknowledging my uncle’s presence.
“Arsehole.” Konrad muttered, immediately leaving the room. 
“Logan, are you okay?” Dad asked.
My brother continued to reject dad and carried on ignoring him. Logan had a hard time when dad left to live in London. I know he’s never forgiven him for leaving us. To tell the truth, Konrad’s influence on Logan had to be rubbing off on him and it was no secret that my uncle despised dad.
“Kathryn, can I talk to you for a minute?” He asked. 
“What about Henry? Anything you’ve got to say can be said around this lot.” Mum said giving dad a hard time.
He hesitated. “Fine, I need a room here.” 
“Why? I thought you were staying at the Claremont?” Mum sighed. 
“I want to be near Abi and Logan, the Claremont is at the other end of the island, and I can’t expect the kids to go all the way up there.” 
“That’s a first – you wanting to be near us.” Logan said under his breath still playing on his computer game.
“Finally! It speaks.” Riley shouted trying to see the funny side of the situation.
“Mum - he’s right just let him stay here, I want him to stay.” I defended dad. I actually started to feel sorry for the guy, everyone in the house was totally against him and you have to admit he had some balls coming back into mum’s territory.
“Okay.” Mum agreed grudgingly. “Come on, I’ll get one of the rooms ready.” She signalled him to walk with her.
Riley quickly dragged me up the stairs by my arm, obviously wanting to know the more explicit details from my date last night. She pulled me into the bedroom and threw me on the bed.
“What happened last night with Grayson?” Riley said quietly. 
I grunted in pain. “You know my ribs have only just about healed right?” 
“I’m sorry, I’m just so happy for you!” She smiled, rubbing my back. 
“It was the most amazing night I’ve ever had Riles, seriously it was perfect, he was perfect.”
“You know what I mean Abi, did you?” Riley implied not so subtlety.
“Yes we did and like I said it was perfect.” I insisted flinging my head on the bed.
“Oh my God! You lost your virginity!” She whispered noisily.
“SSSHHHH! You know whispering doesn’t count if you do it loudly right?” I made clear, instantly jumping up.
“I still can’t believe it! So how was it? And stop with the – it was perfect crap – no one’s first time is perfect. It’s painful and awkward and generally not good for anybody.” Riley’s little rant led me to think her first time wasn’t how she had previously portrayed it.
“Riles, believe this when I say it to you, it was perfect. I’m in love with him and I told you before he asked me to meet the parents, so it must have been good for him too.” I laughed, winking at Riley.
“Oh no! I mean – it’s great that you love him and everything but I’ve just remembered I was going to ask you to come and sing at the Brae tonight, it’s karaoke, please! I’ve not seen you sing in like forever.” She pleaded grabbing my hand.
“And - there’s a reason for that, I’m not singing, but you can. I’ll go with Grayson to his parent’s house for something to eat and I’ll be back in town for half past nine to meet you, I promise.”
Riley grinned. “Sounds like a plan! So what time is Grayson picking you up?” 
“Erm... he said five o clock - I’m so nervous, what if they don’t like me?” 
“They would be idiots not to fall instantly in love with you.” Riley touched my shoulder.
I actually felt myself starting to panic again. “No, I’m talking about if they really don’t like me. Gray’s granddad already doesn’t like me, what if the rest of them don’t.”
“Okay, you need to chill - I’ll give you some pointers for tonight. When I do your makeup, I’m going to give you the girl next-door look so Grayson’s mum knows that her potential grand kids will be naturally cute; it’s all she’ll care about. Don’t wear heels too high, you don’t want it to look like you’re trying too hard. Less is more on the jewellery front – you're not a rapper. When anyone gives you something or says something nice – don’t forget to say thank you. I don’t care if the meal is burnt, you act like it’s the best damn thing since sliced bread, they’ll appreciate it. Above all, please don't get drunk! The last thing you want to do is get pissed and talk about how good Grayson is in bed and considering you’ve only just had sex – that will probably be the first thing that pops into your head. Don’t be too touchy feely with Grayson in front of everyone, it will definitely infuriate his mum. Erm – modesty is attractive, so don’t be cocky and compliment everything when you walk in there. If they do insult you, just smile and shut up about it. If Grayson loves you as much as you love him, he will stop them, it’s your place to bite your tongue. Just try to have a great time and be yourself. You’ll be fine and they will love you.” Riley ruled. I was in shock! How did she know all these things?
“What the –” I was almost speechless.
“When a guy asks me over to his parent’s house, I pretty much do the opposite of all those things so he doesn’t get too attached to me.” Now it makes sense. 
“Are you kidding and you want me to set you up with Colton?” 
“Come on you have to get ready, it’s nearly one! We only have four hours; I think I’ll start on your hair.” Riley yanked me to the dressing table.
I thought I’d take things slow and try to stay calm about the whole thing – maybe take a nap, but no! Riley used up three of my hours messing with my hair, fixing my makeup and squeezing me into a size eight dress – which F.Y.I is too small for me! I stood there looking in the full-length mirror in complete fear of the dress Riley had picked out. It was tight and purple – two things I hated. The dress was a Christmas present from two years ago from my aunt Linda, who never speaks to me and doesn’t have a clue what my dress size is! I don’t even know how it was still my wardrobe. It definitely wasn’t the 'girl next door' type of outfit Riley was talking about before.
“Riles, I love the hair and makeup – but this dress, isn’t exactly me. It’s sunny out, so I’m just going to wear this blue dress with my cardigan I think. I’ll keep it smart casual I guess.” I said, pointing to the dress I preferred to wear. 
“Yeah, no problem. That dress is probably more you – would you mind then if I borrowed the purple one for tonight?” Riley made me think that I’d just been played.
I laughed. “If you wanted to borrow the dress you could have just asked you didn’t need to make me wear it first.”
“Meh! Where would be the fun in that?” I immediately started throwing pillows at her off my bed. I was play fighting with Riles when all of a sudden the doorbell rang.
“He’s early, what time is it?” I rushed to put the blue dress over my head.
“It’s twenty past four.” Riles said, running out of the room. I could hear Riley downstairs answering the door. I got a move on, gathered my handbag and shoes from the floor, and headed to the landing. Breathing in deeply, I took a second to calm myself and then slowly stepped down the stairs, seeing Grayson in the hallway.
“Wow, Abigail you look beautiful.” He smiled. 
Riles smiled. “Doesn’t she! I did her hair and makeup – if I’d have left her to do it on her own she would have looked like a -” 
“Riles!” I snapped, wanting her to shut up.
“Well you did an amazing job Riley, she looks stunning.” Grayson couldn’t stop staring at me. 
“Did I get the time wrong?” I sighed. 
“Erm no, I just have something to do first before we go to my parent’s house, I did text you but when you didn’t answer me, I decided to take a chance and come round early anyway.”
“It’s fine.” I smirked at him, hearing two sets of footsteps heading into the hallway.
“Hello Grayson.” My dad spoke.
“Hi Mr Lawson - Mrs Lawson.” Grayson nodded at both of my parents.
“Well this is awkward.” Riles jumped in.
“I’m going to meet Grayson’s parents properly tonight.” I said out of consideration for dad, letting him know what was going on.
Dad looked irritated. “Ah, okay.” 
“You two have a good time.” Mum said as Grayson led me out of the house.
“Hey! If Grayson’s parents get to sit down with you tonight – why don’t we all have a family dinner tomorrow night? We can get to know Grayson too.” Dad called after us, trying to make an effort with my new boyfriend. 
“Maybe - because we aren’t a family.” Logan muttered, walking through to the kitchen.
“Erm – I’d love that Mr Lawson, tomorrow is great.” Grayson said, trying to make my dad feel less uncomfortable.  
“Don’t forget Abi! Half nine.” Riley yelled from the door.
“I won’t.”
As Grayson and I pulled away from the driveway, my family watched on. I couldn’t help but wonder was Grayson’s family going to be as messed up as mine – Nah, no way, isn't possible! 












Chapter Fifteen
Please, Pass the Salt.
“So where are we going first then?” I sensed that something was bothering Grayson and that was definitely bothering me. 
“Nowhere, I just needed to talk to you before we go in the house.” He mumbled looking straight ahead. 
I sighed. “Are you okay? You seem different tonight.” 
“I’m fine, it’s just my parents. I’m anxious about how this is going to go.” Grayson still refused to look at me, keeping his eyes firmly on the road. 
“Why? I won’t embarrass you or anything.” I was totally confused, was he ashamed of me?
“No, I’m not worried about you Abigail, you’re perfect – it’s my family. You know what - I’m probably just being stupid, it’ll be fine.” Grayson replied, causing me to feel even worse about this evening.
“I don’t get it – what did you want to tell me?” Grayson slowly pulled the car over to the side of the road and turned off the ignition, leading me to watch his body language carefully - he was scaring me.
“What are you doing?” I asked, expecting him to explain himself.
Grayson just sat there in silence, staring at the water in the distance. We were only about five minutes away from his house; something was truly grating on him. I grabbed his hand gently from the steering wheel. “Gray you wanted to do this, it’s okay to be scared but something else is bothering you. You can tell me, you know you can – I love you.” 
“Let’s just do this; you deserve to know the truth.” He puzzled me even more.
“What does that mean?” I pressed as Grayson started the car again.
He drove us the rest of the way to his house and quickly pulled into the driveway, the wheels loudly displacing the gravel. Grayson still wasn’t speaking to me and this made me uneasy, he promptly came around to my side of the car and opened the door. His face was peculiar; he looked as if someone had told him the world was going to end. Gray grabbed my hand, lifted it to his mouth and kissed it softly looking into my eyes. 
“Grayson what’s wrong?” I was starting to feel very nervous and scared, what the hell was going on?
“Abi I –” He was just about to speak to me, when a voice from the front door hollered abruptly.
“Oh good, you’re here!” A woman was storming towards us.
“Hi mum.” Grayson said quietly.
“You must be Abigail, I’ve heard a lot about you. Sorry I wasn’t able to make it to the hospital – I’ve been so busy with work for the last month. I’m Maria by the way, please come in sweetheart.” Maria’s words were said a little strangely, as if she wasn't happy to see me at all. It was all a bit too theatrical for my liking. She enthusiastically linked my arm pulling me away from Grayson’s touch.
I kept glancing back at Grayson, as his mum led me into the house. God! They were wealthy – period. I still wasn’t sure of how Gray’s family made their money, from what I’ve seen already, they seemed to have a number of businesses. I’m sure Anna’s prolific writing career also helped a lot around here. All of his immediate family were standing around the reception area, eating nibbles awaiting our arrival. Some faces I vaguely knew from my time spent in hospital.
There were seven people in total that I could see – Kaleb was standing mysteriously in the corner of the hallway talking to Isaac and Aidan, Anna’s husband whose idea of acknowledging my entrance was a nod of his head and a bit of a smile. Anna was busy fiddling with something in the living room. As I looked closer, she was helping Ella clean a stain out of her dress. Colton was the only one that seemed happy about my arrival, he stood there smiling, and trying to make me feel more relaxed. It wasn’t working one bit - I could feel myself choking inside as Maria let go of my arm. Grayson must have seen this and quickly grabbed my waist, keeping me steady. I had never been around people with this kind of money before and it made me somewhat nervous. How was I supposed to fit in?
As I was considering my next move Anna came out of the living room, marched over to us and hugged me. “Abigail, it’s nice to see you again – don’t let them get to you, I know all of this can seem intimidating.” She confessed, having been through the same experience.
Unexpectedly, Anna walked up three steps of their grand staircase and tapped gracefully on her wine glass with a knife, harnessing the family’s attention. “Everyone, this is Abigail Lawson, I hope that you will show her the same kindness you shared with me all those years ago when I first met you all. She’s a brilliant writer - magical with a pen, seriously.” Anna stated breaking the ice on my behalf.
I had a feeling Anna wanted to say much more about me but was interrupted by the butler standing in the doorway. “Dinner will be served in twenty minutes ma-am.” He looked at Maria. 
“Thank you Eric, why don’t we all sit down in the living room and wait in there. It will give us a chance to get to know Abigail a little better.” Maria spoke, obviously trying to hide her true feelings about me. What could I have possibly done already to make the mother of my boyfriend hate me, I’ve barely opened my mouth for the few minutes I’ve been inside .
“Come this way Abigail.” Maria grabbed my arm so tightly; it was as if she was deliberately trying to hurt me. 
I sat quietly on one of the chairs Maria had led me to, Grayson was quick to take his place, sitting on the arm of my chair – he wasn’t for a second letting me face any of this alone. Everything felt odd, this wasn’t a normal get together where the family meets the girlfriend, this was something else. I thought half of the room was reluctantly pleased to see me and the other half were trying their hardest not to murder me right in front of everybody.
Grayson reached for my hand leading his mother to begin my interrogation. “So Abigail, tell us about yourself? What do you want in the future?” Maria asked unpleasantly.
The room was harshly silent, everyone was eager to hear my responses to her forward questions. “Erm, I want to be a writer, so probably university, eventually. I’m taking a year out to help my family before anymore schooling.” For the first time in my life, I doubted myself. It was frightening how quickly they made me feel insecure. 
“And then – after university?” Maria continued.
“I guess, I would have practiced writing for three years by then. Hopefully I’ll be able to get something published or maybe write freelance stuff – I’m not sure yet.” I was fearfully afraid of their reactions.
“What about a family – do you want one?” She asked leading me to believe there was more to this question than I understood.
“Mum! Stop it.” Grayson leapt in.
I didn’t want her to think she had got to me. “Yes I want a family, if you mean children – I want them.”
“That’s a shame then isn’t it Grayson.” She scoffed. 
Kaleb intervened. “I think that’s enough talk for a little while, don’t you Maria.”
Unfortunately, it didn’t stop Maria’s tirade – she was hell-bent on getting to the heart of the situation. “No, it’s not. The food isn’t even ready yet. Abigail, do you see yourself with Grayson for the rest of your life?” She continued to disrespect me. 
“How can she possibly answer that?” Anna shouted, angered by Maria’s behaviour.
“Well I don’t know Anna; maybe because I want to be certain that the person my son is ruining our entire family for is dedicated to at least returning his love for a long period of time.” She yelled as her voice went louder and louder.
“I don’t understand what’s happening – Grayson?” I said turning around to face him.
Isaac interrupted. “Of course you don’t understand because he hasn’t told you anything. You two are just running around town in a bloody daydream – none of you understand the ramifications this has on any of us. This relationship can’t happen and I for one am sick of pretending it can. I don't know why we haven't handled this already!”
“What are you all talking about? Handled this how?” I screamed, finally reaching my limit of malicious attacking from this family.
“So, you haven’t told her anything have you? Well, that's a good start. We might not need to do anything rash if you agree to end this now.” Maria stared at Grayson.
Grayson’s face was getting redder and redder. “Stop! This needs to stop. It’s my life and I decide what happens in it. You all can’t dictate orders to me like they are supposed to mean something and you sure as hell can’t talk to Abigail like this. The next person who opens their mouth towards this woman will get their throat ripped out. Am I clear?” I’ve never heard Grayson speak that way before and to his own family – what the hell was going on?
Isaac suddenly lunged forward as if he meant to hurt his brother but Kaleb quickly stopped him before they did something both of them would regret. “Don’t ever talk to us like that again.” Kaleb ordered Grayson.
“Then none of you dare speak again, we love each other, I love her more than anything in this world; it’s about time you all start to make your peace with that.” 
“It’s not only us you’re hurting son, you’re hurting Abigail too. She has a right to know what she’s got herself into.” Kaleb insisted.
Maria sighed. “No. He's not going to tell her anything. It's too much of a risk.”
Issaic sniggered. “Oh what risk mother? We know we can sort it even if he does tell her. We should at least see what the girl has to say first with all the information. If nothing it'll be a good laugh.”
I couldn't understand what they were all saying but that didn't stop the tears from rolling down my face. “Abigail will you come with me please.” Grayson suddenly reached for my hand.
I quickly lifted my hand away from his and stormed out of the living room with Grayson trailing behind me. I opened the front door and jumped down the steps, raring to get away from that house. “What the hell was that in there?” I yelled, still not believing what was said.
“Abigail, calm down for a second and I’ll explain everything.” Grayson tried to speak calmly but my blood was boiling and I couldn’t control my anger any longer.
“Your mum! Is she always that awful? She was pure poison in there. And you – you’ll rip their throat out, who even says things like that to their family Grayson? Ella was in there for God's sake.” I shouted, feeling a rush of nausea come over me. 
“Are you okay?” Grayson carefully sat me down near a tree.
I held my head in my hands. “No, I'm not! I feel sick, confused and hurt because of you – because of them.”
Grayson crouched down to the ground sitting in front of me. “I have a lot to talk about, look, please just sit there and don’t say anything until I’ve finished. When I explain everything you’re going to be scared, but, I need to tell you. There is no reason to be frightened of me, please just remember that no matter what.” 
“Just tell me, I’m sick of this entire thing Gray. You’ve been hiding stuff from me from the very first time we met. I thought I didn’t need to know what you were keeping from me because I love you but this thing with your family– I obviously need to hear it, so just go on.”
He coughed. “I don’t even know where to start – I’m different from other people Abigail, my whole family is.” 
“Go on?” I pleaded. 
“Please don’t run away from me. Promise me that.”
“I promise, now just tell me, you’re making it worse.” I shook my head irritated by his continuous stalling. 
“I don’t even know how to say it, every way I can think of just sounds stupid. Abigail I’m a wolf.” He spoke, immediately making me laugh out loud. 
I could see how serious Grayson was but that only made it more funny. “Abigail, I know this is hard to believe but I am - I mean, I can turn into one. Please don’t run, I’m not crazy, that day you went to the Garrison Wall and you saw the wolf, that was me.” He spoke, bringing me back down to earth. 
I sat there, mouth wide open, processing what he had just told me. “Please say something.” He begged.
“You had the same eyes.” I whispered, as a few things started to make sense in my head.
“Yes, my eyes don’t change. When you saw me as a wolf I thought you might – on some level subconsciously know it was me.” He confessed.
“I don’t know what I thought; I just put it down to a strange coincidence. I feel like any second you’re going to turn around and say that you’re joking with me. How did this happen to you Grayson?” I invited him to tell me more.
“It’s a long story.” He sighed. 
I stared at him. “Then try and shorten it.”
“Basically, my family are descendants of the first wolf, his name was Hale. Hale was the first ever man in Ireland to be turned into a wolf. He spent seven years this way with his wife Ula by his side.”
 I tried to keep up with his story. “What? His wife was a wolf too?” 
“Yes, in 1182 they both got turned by a group called the Lasair, led by the monster Elian. Hale had been betrayed by his own brother, William who had helped the Lasair. William had become obsessed by magic and allowed it to rule him, he thought the Lasair could teach him more. I feel like I’m giving you a history lesson here.” He acknowledged. 
“I don’t care, I want to know everything.” I waited patiently for him to tell me the rest. 
“My ancestors, the Anam tribe and the Lasair were at war and their enemies won. They threatened the kids of my clan’s village if Hale didn’t accept their curse. Hale had no choice but to leave his clan and a truce was made between the two groups, which meant no one else would suffer. Hale and Ula were in their last year of being wolves, they were hoping to return to their tribe when Ula got injured by some hunters and eventually died; Hale was never heard of again.”
I could see that this story bothered him but I needed to know more. “So Hale had a family – children?” 
“Yes, he had a few children but his eldest was Cona – he had apparently taken over, leading the clan when Hale was forced to leave.” 
I moved my leg into a more comfortable position. “So what happened to the clan after Hale didn’t return?”
“It’s always been rumoured in my family that Hale was murdered by the Lasair, something had to have happened to him to stop him returning to Cona and the others, but William never admitted to it. After the seven years, the Lasair came back to the Anam tribe, this time led by Hale’s brother William. They had obviously come back to rub my people’s faces in it that Hale had been defeated and to tell them of Ula’s death. This time the Lasair had developed their craft and had become a complete coven of powerful witches. They saw that throughout the years our tribe had multiplied and grown stronger, the Lasair were threatened by this and put a different curse on our people – this time the tribe were sent to live permanently as wolves in the forest. Over the years, the Lasair moved away from Ireland and left the wolves alone. Seven years later, the tribe unexpectedly turned back into human form forcing them to live two separate lives; from then on they were able to shift into a wolf on command.”
“So everyone just turned back and I presume because you’re here, started making families with children, and how does that even work?” I probed.
“The Lasair at that time had no idea that the wolf line had survived intact. It was a mistake on their part, one that they now want to rectify. The tribe had to learn about their powers together, secretly never letting the humans become aware of their existence. Our people started to create families, creating different bloodlines. When two wolves had children, that child would stay human until they were thirteen when they would change into a wolf for the very first time. From then on they would be able to shift when they wanted to – like me, they can learn to control it.” He spoke, captivating me. 
“So there must be human and wolf pairings right? So their children would literally be half wolf and half human. Like if we had kids – not trying to scare you, I’m just using it as an analogy I guess.” 
“That’s the thing; we can never have children Abigail. That’s what my parents were trying to point out. Of course, our people tried to have relationships with humans in the past, you can’t choose who you fall in love with but when the pregnancy resulted in a pairing between a human and a wolf - the mother would always die in childbirth. Even if the mother was a werewolf and the man was human, the female would always die and so would the baby. We also have a counsel that reports to each individual family of wolves and notifies them of any danger or threat that might be coming. Rafe my granddad used to be one of those counsel members. When the counsel figured all of this out, they made a rule that would keep our breed progressing but that would result in no further fatalities. They enforced a rule stating that once a wolf reaches eighteen years old they are promised to another wolf from a different clan. The pair could try to bond for a couple of years but ultimately they would have to marry. I am part of Hale’s bloodline so I’m considered royalty, royalty by wolf standards anyway; we are instructed by the counsel in Ireland to keep moving around the world because we are afraid of the Lasair group finding us again.” 
“Why would they find you again?” I tried to forget that I’d heard the part about predetermined marriage.
“Our power was given to us by Hale and for some reason the Lasair can sense it if they get close enough. Throughout the years, they have systematically picked off, one by one, the wolves that were found to be of Hale’s bloodline, leaving only my family in existence. When I was three years old, my uncle and his whole family were massacred, my dad told them to come with us but he didn’t listen and they were killed. That could easily happen to us. The other wolves not created by Hale’s blood are safe as long as my family aren’t captured. If we were ever caught, the Lasair would then use the information we possessed to gain access to all the wolves' locations, which would end our breed once and for all. We have barely escaped from them in the past. Their magic is unlike anything I’ve ever seen, they’re unstoppable and that’s why we run. Every time we move to a new location, the counsel uses one of its' witches to cloak us from the Lasair. It’s never the same witch twice and their spell usually gives us a few years before we have to repeat the cycle. It’s only when the Lasair get close enough to us, that they can even detect we are still alive. ”
“They use a witch to help you hide? How do they know that they can be trusted?” I was confused, so all witches weren’t bad? 
“They use witches that aren’t members of the Lasair. Not every person with magic is bad Abigail.” He laughed. 
“Grayson, who was the other wolf? The one that practically pushed me off the cliff that day I saw you?”
He looked down at his feet. “Issaic. He didn't mean to hurt you. He was just angry with me for befriending you. He'd over heard a conversation I had with Colton about us. Issaic helped me save you that day. I assure you he meant no harm. Not really.” 
I inhaled deeply and nodded. “Okay.” I said, biting my lip. “What did your brother mean in there? He said something about, you know we can handle it if you tell me all of this. What does that mean? Will he hurt me?” 
Grayson moved closer to me. “No one will ever hurt you. Not anymore, not now you know everything. We could make you forget everything I've told you, that's what he meant. If you choose that, I'll respect it.” 
“How could you do that? A spell or something.” 
He coughed. “Yeah, something like that.” 
I paused for a moment. “I'm not going to choose that. I don't want to forget you.” As my brain was dealing with everything I’d just heard there was only one thing I wanted to know. “So we couldn’t ever have children?” I whispered.
“There is nothing that prevents you from getting pregnant but you wouldn't be able to keep it.” Grayson added sensitively.
“Because I’d die, right?” I lashed out at him.
“Abigail, I’m so sorry I didn’t tell you sooner, believe me, I wanted to. There just wasn’t a good time or a place to explain this to you.”
“Sooner? Like before I was in love with you, yeah that would have been nice.” I shouted in a rage. “And when you got me this necklace, it wasn’t because you listened to my story about the wolf – it was because you were the damn wolf!” I hissed. “Who was the one sending me notes, the intruder, my mum’s car, the blood on the beach?” 
He sighed. “My family seem to believe it was Faelyn, the girl I was promised to when I was eighteen. She’s just a stupid girl Abigail, messing with you.” 
I hesitated. “Wait, it can’t have been her! I hadn’t even met you when the guy got into my house and what’s the deal with the symbol?” 
“That’s where the other half of our power comes in, the curse also gave some of us other gifts. Faelyn can see fragments of the future and my family can influence others. We can’t control the power unless we focus. I still have trouble with it, we call it compulsion. We guessed that Faelyn had a vision of us being together and followed us here to scare you away. Kaleb sorted it; she must have returned to Ireland because when he called she was there, obviously guessing that she would be caught. Faelyn’s been put on house arrest so she can’t get to you now. We still don’t know why she used that symbol; it’s probably just another one of her games that only she understands.” He relieved me of some of my worry.
“I’m guessing your compulsion can’t work on the Lasair then?” 
“It can’t work on any person with supernatural gifts.” He tried to touch my hand, but I quickly moved it away. 
“So, why has this Faelyn girl been put on house arrest? Your family clearly don’t care about what happens to me.” 
“Please just give them time Abigail; it will be better now that you know everything, but you’re right they stopped Faelyn initially because her actions could potentially lead the humans to us. My dad just couldn’t allow that to happen. Look, we don't go around telling humans we are wolves. I've told you because I love you. My parents don't understand why I've risked our existence for you. Do you not get that?” 
“So basically I’m a hindrance to your family and they would never accept us as a couple regardless. It wouldn't matter if I were fine about not having children, which I'm not by the way. That's what you mean, isn't it? That compulsion crap, you could make me do anything you want, make me forget anything you didn't want me to remember. For all I know I won't even remember this conversation in the morning! Right, I need you to leave me alone for a while. I can’t even believe this is happening Gray. I thought we were happy and now that’s all just gone.” I cried, getting myself all worked up.
“It’s not gone, it’s just different and we could adopt if that’s what you wanted further down the line, I just need to be with you.” He appealed.
“Erm, I have one more question, answer it honestly so help me God! Seriously have you ever used that compulsion stuff on me?” I asked boldly.
“No, I don’t really do it - I have trouble with it, I told you.” He irritated me even more.
“But you’ve tried it right?” I shouted pushing him out-of-the-way.
“No! I’ve not even tried.” As he touched my wrist. 
“I need to be alone, I’m sorry. I won’t tell anyone, you have nothing to worry about with me but I just can’t be around you at the minute.” I sobbed crying into my cardigan sleeve.
I quickly ran off, leaving Grayson’s property and headed straight into the woods for a quick getaway. Then I remembered that my boyfriend was now a werewolf and could easily catch me if he wanted to. I continued to run home, realising he wasn’t chasing after me. Although, I don’t think he was fully respecting the space I’d asked for because I was sure I could feel someone watching me. I knew it was Grayson ensuring I arrived home safely. Unfortunately, that only made me love him more. 

Chapter Sixteen
Boys Will Be Boys
 It was six ‘o clock when I got home, definitely too early to meet Riley in town. For someone who had only been out of the house for just over an hour, I sure looked exhausted. I kept replaying what had just happened in my head, Grayson’s words still resonating in my mind. What made it worse was there was no one I could talk to about all this, no one to help me understand– there was only him.
There’s a saying I’ve always liked, I might love you but I don’t have to like you right now. This was exactly the way I felt about Grayson in that moment. Everything I thought I knew about the world was wrong, werewolves and witches exist and I’m supposed to just shut up and accept it? It’s not as if I was looking for proof. I mean - there were too many coincidences happening on the island for Grayson not to be telling the truth, but still – it was a lot to take in. Suddenly his odd behaviour these past few weeks was making sense as it all started to sink in.
I stood in front of the house, away from anyone’s line of sight, not ready to go in yet. I couldn’t move or speak, I was afraid of what might come out even if I did talk. I had no clue what I was going to tell my mum or Riley. It was all too much and I could feel myself losing my grip on reality. My innocence had been snatched away from me. I was now a party to a secret that had been closely guarded for the past eight hundred years. How on earth was I supposed to deal with this information by myself?
I decided to man up and go into the house. I was obviously aware of the fact that my tear soaked, probably by now black, eyes were going to draw questions from my family. “Baby, what are you doing back?” Mum asked me from halfway up the stairs.
As soon as she uttered the words, I could feel myself almost split open inside. I had absolutely no control over my emotions and immediately erupted, blubbering in front of everyone, I had completely lost the plot. My snivelling and sobbing alerted my whole family who came rushing in from various rooms in the house. I did notice that my dad wasn’t there, which was probably for the best. I thought I’d bottled up my feelings well up to now, well, at least good enough to get me to my bedroom without causing a scene. Evidently, I was wrong - I just couldn’t manage it. I fell in to my mum’s arms weeping, clinging to her in a way that I hadn't done for a long, long time. I’d never experienced anything like this before; my heart felt like it was breaking, hammering uncontrollably inside of me.
“Give us some space, now!” Mum yelled to the rest of the family. They started to move grudgingly into the living room wanting to know what was wrong with me. Uncle Konrad closed the door behind them so it was harder for my brother and Riley to hear what I was saying to mum.
“It was awful, his family were so hateful.” I muttered in-between blowing my nose on mum’s shirt.
“What did they say to you?” I remained silent, attempting to think about what lie I was going to tell her next. I hated Grayson for forcing me to lie so that his secrets remain hidden. “It must have been bad for you to end up like this, what did they do, and what did they say?” Mum continued trying her best to get an answer out of me.
She grabbed my hands and looked at me, trying to calm me down so that I could answer her questions. “They didn’t accept me and Grayson together, they could see we were serious about each other and they didn’t like it. I’m not the kind of girl they want with their son.” I struggled to tell her part of the truth. They say when you lie you should keep some level of truth in it, that way it's easier to remember the lies that you’ve told, hopefully it would work.
“What! A girl like you? You mean respectable, polite and intelligent - these aren’t the things they want in their son’s girlfriend? What did Grayson say; he did open his mouth to stick up for you didn't he?” I would have been blind not to see that my mum was getting angrier at each answer I gave her. 
 I sighed. “He stuck up for me, he did everything right – his family were just terrible. Anna and Colton were fine and little Ella, but the rest of them; it was like they were out for blood.” I quickly rehashed the incident in my head.
“I’m so sorry you had to go through that sweetheart, it’s taking all of my strength not to go over there and give them something to talk about! How dare they? Who do they think they are? So we don’t have much money – so what! If they were going to treat you like this what was the point of them even thinking of helping us out at the hospital? Did you tell them about your dad? He has money, is that not good enough for them? It looks to me darling that you have made a lucky escape.” Mum hardly breathed at all during her rant. 
I started to cry again. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do now.”
“I can’t have you treated like that Abigail, no matter how great Grayson is, you understand?” Mum hugged me. 
“I know, but I love him.” I let my head fall softly onto mum's shoulder.
Mum looked up to the ceiling obviously frustrated. “Okay, how about this? Why don’t you give everything a chance to settle for a while and go and have a good time with Riley tonight? You need some cheering up, I’m not going to let you just mope around here because of a few idiots who can’t recognise how amazing you are.” 
The door of the living room suddenly opened, my brother and Riley were standing under the archway. “We will have an awesome time I promise you Abi, let’s go! Let’s just go right now. I’ll get you a drink and we can have sing.” Riley shouted, hearing every word I said, eaves dropping from behind the door.
“You all heard everything didn’t you?” Their silence made me laugh which then made everyone else start giggling.
“I’m sorry Abigail; I tried to get them away from the door.” Uncle Konrad tried his best to look innocent but was failing miserably. “And they’re disgusting, don’t let anyone make you feel worthless – don’t give them another thought Abi and as for Grayson, I think you should keep away from him anyway.” He continued.
I felt a heavy sickness come over me. “I just don’t know what I’m supposed to do now.”
“Yeah, it sucks Abi although I’m still allowed to like Ella though right? I mean I’m in the same boat, they probably don’t like me either.” Logan spoke.
“Yes, of course you can still like her, I’m sure Grayson and Ella can think for themselves.” I added, whilst Konrad helped drag me and mum up off the floor. Riley impatiently pulled me in for a hug, although her hugs have always been a form of strangulation. 
“Right let’s go, I’m ready – you’re ready, I’ll sort your eyes when we get outside, to the Mermaid!” She yelled readily grasping my hand pulling me towards the front door.
“Look after her Riley and have a good time girls! I’d say don’t be home too late but I can see that would only fall on deaf ears, so go on, get gone.” Mum laughed. 
I held my arms out for a cuddle. “And I could say we won’t be home late, but that would be a lie, so I’ll just say bye and thank you.” I let go of mum, as Riley continued to nudge us out of the door. 
I don’t know how my family did it in under an hour, but I was actually starting to feel like myself again. The walk to the Mermaid Inn was a long one but it gave me chance to explain everything thoroughly to Riley, obviously leaving out the part that, my boyfriend and his family are werewolves. We eventually arrived at the bar, I hadn’t been here for at least seven months, I hated coming without Riley – it’s kind of our place. The Inn is right at the entrance to St Mary’s harbour and it definitely likes to show off its' maritime past, the bar is like the social centre of the island and we loved it here! The only big difference now was we could actually drink a hell of a lot more because we are both at the right age. I remember when we used to sneak in  vodka in a water bottle and drink it in the toilet; it would usually go all over Riley’s purse so we didn’t generally get to drink much alcohol.
I was hoping we could eat in the bistro first, I never did get to eat that meal at Grayson’s house and I was starving. Riley must have had the same idea as me because she led us right into the restaurant, which overlooked the old quay. I’d forgotten that you could see the other islands from here. Sitting down in the restaurant made me feel much more relaxed, I couldn’t wait to forget what had happened just hours ago, at least for tonight anyway. There were three young guys I’d never seen before, sat just a few tables ahead of us, Riley was already flirting with them from what I could see in her body language. They were all gorgeous but even after everything that happened today, there was only one man still on my mind. The friendly staff took our order right away and thank God too because I was starting to think I’d eat Riley soon if I didn’t get something in my stomach. I ordered the Merman beef burger, I was so hungry. The waitress and Riley looked at me strangely and I knew what they were both thinking, especially after Riley had chosen a measly chicken salad to eat, but I didn’t care - I wanted comfort food and I wanted it now.
“I can’t believe you just ordered that when those guys are sat there.” Riley honestly admitted.
I scoffed. “Why would I care what they think, I have a boyfriend and I’m upset – this girl eats when she's upset.” 
After about ten minutes our food came, I dove straight into my burger, destroying it with huge bites - washing it down with sugary coke. Riley glanced up at me from her meal, looking at me as if I was possessed.
“What has gotten into you? You normally eat slowly.” Riley had confusion written all over her face. She was right, I do normally eat slowly, like an ant in fact - the day’s events were obviously catching up to me.
I instantly felt my stomach reject the food. “I know - I’ve just never felt like this about a guy before it’s making me insane. Oh no, I need the bathroom – I don’t feel so good, I think I’m going to be sick.” I rushed out of my seat towards the toilets.
“I’m surprised it’s not coming out of the other end after what you've just inhaled.” Riley shouted, as I hustled to find the toilet.
She was right, I did eat too much – I was in the bathroom for about fifteen minutes throwing my guts up. Luckily, I always carried a tiny bottle of mouthwash in my bag; I use it when I run out of chewing gum. I still felt dreadful though; I think it was my body’s way of telling me to deal with what Grayson had told me instead of running away from it. I was fixing my hair in the mirror when the bathroom door flew open; it was one of the men sat near our table.
“You’ve been in here a while haven’t you? We kind of guessed you were seeing if one of us would follow you in here.” He said slowly approaching me.
“No, I’ve been sick, you idiot! Get out of my way.” I yelled, trying to get passed him.
The guy wasn’t letting me leave; he pushed me to the bathroom wall and started touching my face. “Come on; don’t be like that, I know you were flirting with us back there.” 
I attempted to push him off me. “No! I wasn’t!” 
All of a sudden, the door was thrown off its hinges, crashing into the wall. “Abigail!” A voice roared from the corridor. It was Grayson; he threw the man aside, punching him in the face. Riley and the manager, Phillip came dashing in behind Gray to see what all of the commotion was about.
Not wanting Grayson to get into any trouble, I quickly yelled. “It was that guy, he was trying to touch me - Grayson stopped him.”
“Oh my God, I’ll call the police!” Phillip spoke. 
I cried. “No! It’s okay, I’ve had my fair share of drama today, and please I don’t want to talk to the police, please just make it so he can’t come in here again. That’s enough, he was just drunk and being stupid.” 
“Hey! You hit me.” The guy shouted as he awoke on the floor.
Phillip pierced his lips. “You’re lucky that’s all he did, it’s time for you to leave – don’t ever think of coming back in here again.” The man was escorted out of the bar and the staff couldn’t apologise enough for what happened to me. Grayson paid for a new door for the bathroom immediately, I think he doubled the amount of money for the door just because we caused such a scene.
“Now that idiots gone, do you not want to sing a song before we go?” Riley asked gently.
“You sing?” Grayson asked me looking surprised.
“Aww that would be nice Abigail, you have such a lovely voice, I’ve not heard you sing in ages. Please sing in here, I know you're probably thinking you want to go to the Brae but I'm sure these regulars would love to hear you sing in here again.” Phillip said, overhearing our conversation. I’d known Phil from being a kid, singing all over the island with my dad. I used to think singing was what I was going to do for the rest of my life; it was something my dad and me could always share. When my parents separated and he moved, I changed my whole life plan and began writing, I guess literature became my dream.
“I don’t think so, I don’t really sing anymore.” I insisted, hoping that they would all drop it.
“Please.” Grayson added tenderly.
Grayson had just rescued my ass from that guy; I knew that I kind of owed him one - even if he did ignore my request for some space. “Fine, one song.” I walked cautiously up to the stage.
I reached for the microphone and I could feel the fear trembling inside me, I’d not performed in front of an audience for years, I didn’t even know if I was any good anymore. I told Phil to play I Waited for You, I loved that song, and I always used to sing it to myself after my dad left. 
I stood there waiting impatiently for the music to start. I couldn’t cope with looking at the other customers in the bar so my eyes began to roam around the room. I was drawn to the local artefacts coated on the walls, there was a name board taken from a wrecked fishing vessel that I hadn’t noticed before and postcards plastered on there from visitors all around the world, I wanted to read each one of them. Although, they would probably say the same thing, that our island was heaven on earth.
As the song kicked in, I began to sing, gradually feeling myself come back to life with every word. I could hear Riley whispering to Grayson whilst they moved closer towards the stage. 

My days are filled with your smile, 
In the mirror, I just can’t look away. 
You follow me around. 

When did I stop feeling? 
How can my heart no longer break?
When you left, you took me with you, 
Now there’s nothing left to take. 

I waited too long for you, 
You made it impossible to fly, 
You broke what dreams I had
And you left them in the sky. 
I waited for you. I waited for you. 

My life is defined by you here, 
When a door closes, nothing opens. 
You made me like this. 

“How did you know we were here? You just stormed straight past me into the women’s toilets, how did you know she was in there?” Riley demanded.
“I guessed.” Grayson snapped. 
“Sure - of course you guessed?” Riley quickly understood she wasn’t going to get any answers out of him. “You know this is a big deal right? She hasn’t sung for years because of her dad and now to sing because you asked her to – that’s big. You’re changing her Grayson, for the better, I just thought you should know that.”
He smiled. “No - she’s changing me.” 
“I initially thought this relationship was a bit of a joke, it’s been nearly two months and you’ve already said you love each other. I’ve got to tell you I didn’t believe in it.” Riley sighed. 
“Believe in what?” Grayson asked her, not breaking eye contact with me.
“True love. That’s what’s this is, right? If it’s worth anything to you, I give my blessing to you both. It’s different somehow, what you two have, it’s as if you’re connected or something. She moves, you move and vise versa. It's strange but lovely to watch. Hell if she's happy, I'm happy.” That was the most vulnerable I’d seen my best friend act in years. 
“It means a lot to me that you approve of us, I mean it, thank you.” Grayson grinned, finally turning to face Riley. 

When did I stop feeling? 
How can my heart no longer break?
When you left, you took me with you, 
Now there’s nothing left to take. 

I waited too long for you, 
You made it impossible to fly, 
You broke what dreams I had
And you left them in the sky. 
I waited for you. I waited for you. 

I’ll find a way without you, 
You shouldn’t think of me again,
I will always remember – that, 
I waited for you. I waited for you
When the song ended, everyone cheered and made me feel welcome again. After all, most of the people in there were locals and they knew I could sing, I just hadn’t done it for a while. Grayson had a way about him that brought the best out of me, mum's been trying to get me to sing like that for the past three years and I never would, he asks me and suddenly I’m up there in two seconds. It scared me how much I wanted to please him.
Grayson came to the stage and offered his hand. “You were incredible; I didn't know that you could sing like that.” He helped me down from the steps. “I’m proud of you, seriously that was amazing.” Grayson kissed my cheek. This man was everything I’d ever dreamt of in my entire life and Riley hit it spot on - it was as if we were connected. I don’t think I could walk away from this even if I tried, I knew he would always pull me back.
After everything that had happened today I didn’t feel like drinking or staying late, I just wanted to go home. Grayson made sure Riley and I got home safe and walked us all the way to our front door.
Riley spoke. “Bye Grayson, it was nice meeting you properly tonight.” 
“You too Riley.” Grayson smiled, as she headed inside, closing the door behind her. “I can see why she’s your best friend, she’s protective – I like that.” He added.
“Yes, she is, I love her. Did you compel me to get on stage?” I asked quickly, thinking again about my need to please him. 
“What? No and I won’t, that was all you. Is there anything else you need to ask me, I thought there might be a few more questions?”
“Gray honestly I have a thousand questions to ask you.” I admitted, looking down at the ground. 
He laughed. “Like what? I’ll answer anything.” 
“I don’t know, erm, are any of the things real that I already think I know like - silver bullets, wolfs bane, the moon for God’s sake, I feel like I don't really know anything anymore.” 
Grayson sniggered, lifting my spirits slightly. “Well, you said the moon, right? Somehow we are connected to it, it heightens our powers, we get easily aggravated I suppose but everything you’ve seen in the movies and read in books where people change into wolves when it's a full moon, it’s not real. I can change anytime I want to.” 
“Does it hurt?” I asked the question, immediately not wanting to know the answer. 
“The transformation? It used to when I was kid and it all started kicking in but no it doesn’t now, it's fine.” He smiled, knowing that I still loved him. “You said silver bullets and wolfs-bane – silver bullets - not so much. I mean they do hurt, don’t get me wrong, but they won’t kill us. Quick silver on the other hand can kill us if it gets in our heart.” He continued. 
I was confused. “What’s quick silver?” 
“Mercury, it hurts like hell and it takes days to recover, sometimes weeks depending how bad it is. If it get's in our heart, we're as good as dead.” 
“It can kill you? I’m guessing the Lasair know that.” I was terrified of something being able to kill him. 
“Yep, as they’ve proved in the past but we can heal from almost anything. When I told you the story about Ula, whatever second spell the Lasair later enchanted on my people enhanced us. They ironically made us better.” I could tell from Grayson’s face that he wanted to change the subject. “Erm, wolfs-bane, it can hurt us, but more often than not we can fight it, quick silver is the most deadly thing to us. Other than that you will be pleased to know we are pretty much indestructible.” He grinned, although he was not settling my nerves any. 
“Can you live a long-time? A longer than normal lifespan or something?”
“Nope. I will grow old just as you will and I don’t need blood to survive either, or have fangs.” He joked, immediately I realised that I was talking about a completely different legendary creature. 
“Do they exist?” I asked, not really caring how ridiculous I sounded. 
“Blood sucking vamps, I have no idea but as far as I know, we have never come across them. Sorry to end your dreams of running off with one.” He made me laugh and once again, I was taken with his eyes, but reality started to set in. This was real-life, this was no fairytale and I needed to be smart.
 “Grayson, look, thank you for before, I don’t know what would have happened if you didn’t - but you need to know I meant what I said before, I need some space to think all of this through. I just need some time to myself to figure it out, I’m sorry – I should go inside.” I half-heartedly explained. It was less than four hours ago that Grayson had dropped this bombshell on me and I needed some distance from him to piece everything together and think about what I wanted my future to look like. 
Grayson hesitated for a second before gently speaking to me. “I’ll give you the space you’re asking for, please just know that I love you and if you want to ask me anything else, anything at all, just call me, please.”
I moved towards him and kissed him delicately on the forehead. “I love you too.” I reached for the handle.
“Bye.” Grayson replied just before I closed the door. I stood there leaning against it with my head pressing on the wood, knowing that was the single worst thing I had ever needed to do in my life so far. I could feel the pain rushing through me again as I began to whimper, shedding my tears all over the floor.
I thought about how a life with Grayson might work out for me, no children of our own, his and my family divided - secrets which would no doubt lead to ever more secrets. All I was sure of was that there was a war going on between my head and my heart. At this point, I really didn't know which side was going to emerge victorious. 













Chapter Seventeen
Bad Dog
It’s been eight days since I last spoke with Grayson – no messages, calls or emails. He even passed on the written methods of correspondence, which probably would have suited him more, to be honest, than using all the technical crap, the man could barely even text.
He was respecting my wishes and letting me come to him in my own time, I got it, but that didn’t mean I didn’t miss him. The first day I didn’t speak to Grayson, Riley had to practically pull me out of bed and even when I did get up, I spent my time watching romantic comedies all day, stuffing my face with anything fatty or sugary I could get my hands on – it wasn’t a pretty time.
I’d had over a week to process my feelings and decide what my next course of action was going to be. I knew I wanted him, of that; I was in no doubt whatsoever. My emotions had settled and I really didn’t care anymore about what he was or what he could turn himself into. I couldn’t care less about his stupid family including the bitch that was trying to intimidate me – he wasn’t bothered by any of it, so why should I be? I thought about the situation, I felt that Grayson was even right about the children thing, if it came to it, we could adopt and I’d be happy with that as long as we had each other, I planned to tell him everything today.
I snatched my dressing gown off the bed and wrapped it around my body quickly noticing that Riley had already got up – that was new, she slept in my bed last night. She normally sleeps in until about three on Sunday afternoon when we stay up late the night before. Why was she out of bed when it wasn't even lunchtime? Actually, I couldn’t hear anybody, not a sound; the whole house was completely silent. It’s usually like a stampede of elephants in our house at this time on a weekend, mum and Konrad are always yelling about something and Logan and his friends are usually stamping around in his room making a total mess, but today everything was quiet, something was definitely wrong.
I opened my door fearing that something was amiss. The faint sound of chatter was coming from outside my house. Peering down from the landing window I found my family stood with others from our neighbourhood. What was going on? I trampled over the morning newspaper, hurrying down the stairs. I was brought to a complete standstill by the image that stared out at me from the front page.
Splashed across the front cover was a picture of a wolf. I picked up the paper eager to read what had happened, had Grayson been found out? I read the first sentence of the article carefully, immediately falling to my knees in disbelief. My legs were unable to support my weight and I came crashing down, taking a seat on the stairs as I continued reading.
At approximately 11:00p.m, on Saturday evening the body of Michelle Briar, aged 29 was discovered next to the Garrison, surrounding Star Castle.
St Mary’s Police Department initially investigated the death and concluded that this was not the result of a criminal act. It has been stated by the police that Ms. Briar suffered multiple injuries due to an animal mauling. The physical evidence drawn from the body and witness testimony have led investigators to end this case. It is believed that the killing was caused by a pack of wolves.
Over the past few weeks, a small number of islanders have noticed the wolves’ presence settling in the nearby woodland of St Marys. It remains a mystery how the animals have arrived here in the first place; it certainly is the number one question on everyone’s mind presently. Reports of their appearance have differed in consistency but generally the beasts are described as rather like a large dog with a wide chest, its' huge mouth exposing extremely sharp teeth. Some islanders have even commented on the pack’s fur, it is said that their colour is grey and their backs are streaked with white.
An officer from St Mary’s Police had this to say: “UK Environmental Health Officers have ordered traps to be positioned in the forested areas where it is believed the wolves have been previously spotted in earlier weeks. If we find any of them living in the woods, we won’t hesitate in killing them – we can’t let this happen again.”
A programme to legally euthanise any wolves found in the immediate vicinity has been put in place. This arrangement is regrettable by the environmentalists but due to public safety concerns, it is deemed hat there is no other possible option. Investigations into the biological factors that brought the wolves to this island will be conducted after they have been captured and humanely destroyed.
A member of the Wild Animals Strategy Committee said: “I don’t understand how this has happened; I am unable to fathom how the wolves have even managed to get on the island let alone kill someone, it doesn’t make any sense.”
This attack will definitely come as a shock to the residents of St Marys and no doubt be the catalyst of much fear among the people of Hugh Town.
Officials say that at least six wolves viciously attacked Briar, a young restaurant owner who had only moved to the island two years ago. Eyewitnesses jogging near the edge of town had seen Briar only an hour before her death. They believe that she continued her nightly jog up to the Garrison Walls where the wolves sadly set on her. Although, there are no bystanders who actually saw the animals attack Michelle Briar, officers are certain that the wolves are to blame. It is believed that her small frame and physical movement could have made her an ideal target for the attack. A wolf’s potential aggressive temperament, strong jaw and huge canine teeth can make them an exceptionally deadly animal.
On Sunday morning, there are rumoured plans to track down and exterminate the wolves responsible for the killing.
Conservationists have argued that they have no idea what could have triggered the attack on Briar. They disagree with how officials have chosen to handle the situation, advising them that the attack was probably a fluke arising from hunger, instinct and confusion. They proceeded to say, “The only way that wolves could have possibly made it on to the island is by human interference, it is the fault of the person or group that put them there in the first place, not the fault of the wolves.”
Officials are warning people not to venture into the wooded areas of the island. However, should you do so and are confronted by a wolf, please follow this advice. Never feed a wolf, do not run, rather face the animal and try to make yourself look as big as possible – shout, wave your arms and throw sticks or stones in its' direction to try to prevent any attack.
I expect this killing will infect the islanders like a disease and frighten a few people into staying in their homes until the wolves have been permanently stopped. The forest that once offered a sense of protection for its' residents now provokes a feeling of terror. There’s one thing for certain, at this moment, there are still wolves out there and I don’t think St Mary's will be the same for anyone for a long-time.
Written by: Stephen Harris
No! I didn’t just read that – I must be dreaming. I tried to pinch my arm to wake myself up; after all, I had been known to have very realistic dreams. I must have squeezed the skin on my arm ten times before I actually believed that I was wide-awake. I didn’t have time to experience the worry that was agonising me; I rushed upstairs to my bedroom and got dressed quickly, I couldn’t stop thinking of Grayson! I immediately began crying as I pulled up my jeans attempting to work through my anxiety. The only section of the article that held my attention was the order to kill the wolves this morning - it was now dinnertime – I couldn’t live with myself if something happened to him.
I practically threw myself downstairs and launched out of the front door running to my mum. There were so many of our neighbours outside conversing about last night’s scandal. “Have they found any of the wolves yet?” I screamed at mum.
“No, not yet from what we have heard, take it you read the newspaper then?” She quickly locked eyes with me.
Listening to her answer prompted me to continue running straight past her. “Where are you going?” I heard my mum crying out in the distance, shrieking my name but I couldn’t stop running. Nothing could stop me from reaching Grayson’s house and I mean nothing. There was a feeling inside me that heightened my senses and ability – I didn’t even know that I could sprint that fast, I was frightening myself.
I decided to stay out of the woodland and keep to the path that bordered the forest. I didn’t want to bring about any more suspicion that would lead people to the Hales and potentially to me. I glanced to the side of me and saw the shadows of four men sauntering through the trees, without warning they started to jog but I was unable to see what they were following. I turned my direction into the woods and began chasing after them. I’m not a fearless person, I’m afraid of roller coasters for God’s sake but the smallest chance of Grayson being harmed infuriated me, ultimately feeding my reckless behaviour. I still couldn’t make out what they were pursuing, which caused me to run even faster, how was I doing this? Surprisingly, the men seemed oblivious to my heavy stomping at the back of them; they looked too enthralled at what they were tracking.
The men continued with their wolf hunt. They were charging through the forest and I was struggling to keep up. Out of nowhere, the men suddenly disappeared; it was as if the earth had swallowed them all up. As I came closer, I could see a gigantic trench in the middle of the ground. I was trailing shortly after them unable to stop my feet from moving rapidly, it was as if my legs were possessed.
Unexpectedly, a figure powerfully pushed me to the ground from the right hand side. My head hit the solid dirt beneath me. Someone was holding me tightly, lifting me to their chest. I caught a brief glimpse of my rescuer before I was out for the count. I half expected it to be Grayson, but it wasn’t. The man crouched down cradling me; was a striking, blonde vision with bright blue eyes. He looked a few years older than I did and I was certain that I’d seen him before. I could feel the man’s thumb caressing my cheek as I fell silently unconscious in his arms. 
 








 





Chapter Eighteen
Birthright

“Abigail! Wake up, come on.” I heard a familiar voice shout just above my head.
I attempted to regain my bearings. “Where am I?” 
“You’re at my house - it’s Grayson.” He spoke softly causing my emotions to stir.
“What am I doing here?” I opened my eyes wider to see his face.
Grayson gently lifted my head, causing me to sit up on the couch. “You took a nasty hit on your head. What were you doing in the woods?” He was obviously angry with me. 
“I was coming to you, to check you were all alright. I heard about the attack and I was afraid that you were –” Grayson interrupted me. 
He was beginning to get even more frustrated. “I’m fine, you should have called me. You went running in the woods Abigail, everyone was told to keep out of there.”
“I stuck to the path but then I saw four men in the forest and they started running. I was afraid that they’d found one of you so I started to run after them. Then they just fell – they fell down a ditch out of nowhere and for some reason I couldn’t stop myself. Then somebody rammed into me just before I got to the hole.” I described, not wanting him to think I was a complete idiot.
“Wait! – What! Who saved you?” Grayson demanded.
“I don’t know who he was – he was blonde and as pale as me with blue eyes. That’s all I really remember.” I wanted to change the subject and fast. “Where’s your family?” I half expected them all to be huddled around me like last time. 
“They left the island; they were on the first boat this morning.” He said quickly, appearing uneasy at my question.
“Gray, you need to tell me – did your family do this?” I whispered, maybe if I said it quietly it wouldn’t sound as insulting.
“What! No! Of course they didn’t. My family believes there’s a mutt on the island that probably followed us here somehow– a lone wolf without a pack, they tend to follow their own rules and don’t give a damn about our code or hiding our identity from humans.”
I reached for his hand hoping that he would forgive me for even asking about his family’s potential involvement. “I’m sorry Gray; I shouldn’t have even asked you that. What code?” I continued, persistently asking him questions.
“We have a code that every one of our kind must follow, if they ignore the boundaries they instantly get rejected from their pack.”
“What does the code say?” I asked impatiently wanting to know more. 
“It’s basically a list of rules Abigail that we have to follow to stay with our clan – it’s been used for hundreds of years to keep our kind under control. Not killing humans is at the very top of that list. You kill a human and you die. It's that simple. We can't have mutts drawing attention to us.” 
“Is not dating humans in the code?” I don’t know why I even asked, I already knew what the answer would be.
“There is something like that, yes.” Grayson admitted, touching my hand.
“So if we continued to see each other, you would be cast off from your family, or worse! Grayson I won't let that happen to you, there’s no –”
Grayson immediately stopped me. “No, that’s not going to happen. I will take my query to the counsel and show them how this is going to work. They wouldn’t dare send a member of the Hale clan away and never, ever will they hurt me, not when there’s only my family left in existence to carry on the Hale bloodline.” He added, calming my fears.
“But isn’t that more of a reason for them to make you take a wife they selected for you, to carry on that bloodline.”
“I have siblings; there are enough of them to successfully carry on Hale’s legacy. I refuse to give you up Abigail, there’s nothing for you to worry about – I’m not going anywhere.”
I could tell that he was becoming a little sensitive to the issue. “So why have your family gone? – is it just to lay low for a while?”
“No, they’ve gone to Ireland to meet with the counsel about the girl. Isaac and Colton are still here though. Isaac’s working on the investigation – keeping an eye on everything from that end and Colton really just didn’t want to go for some reason. My family went because they need face-to-face authorisation from the counsel in order to kill the 'mutt'. They enjoy murdering humans and they don’t stop until someone stops them.” He clarified, evidently sensing my principles on killing.
I held his hand tighter, making him realise that I approved of what he had to do. “I understand. You haven’t really told me much about the counsel - do they decide everything for you?” I needed to know more about what I’d gotten myself into.
“No – well sort of. Remember when I told you about the first wolf – well his son, Cona began the first counsel after Hale went missing hundreds of years ago. He vowed that the wolves would never be alone and without the wisdom of their elders. There are ten members always in the counsel and they are always selected based on their responsibility demonstrated in the clan. In my family, Rafe was an elder - then he stepped down when he turned seventy and came to live with us. My dad would have been one if we could have stayed in Ireland, it’s said that the leading member of the counsel is always a Hale, but that rule ended when the Lasair started to target wolves from the Hale bloodline.”
I could tell that this story bothered him and that his heritage was important. I sensed his fury towards the Lasair for their cruelty in slaughtering his clan but I was also aware that they were preventing him from taking his rightful place as leader one day. Grayson remained silent for about ten minutes after his detailed account, I didn’t want to press him anymore for information, and I thought he’d already shared enough, when he suddenly began speaking again.
“We saw it, you know? I saw the woman get killed. It came like a vision on Saturday night, but this time was different. I normally see an event as if I’m witnessing it, a fly on the wall. It only happens occasionally, like I said before my gift is compulsion but now and again, we can get visions too. I didn’t think it was worth mentioning before because we hardly even have them, I think I’ve only had four of them in my lifetime. This one was strange – it was clear, I didn’t even see the wolf, it was as if I was the one doing it. My whole family had the same foresight, but when we got there, she was already dead.” He spoke, reliving the traumatic event in his mind.
“I’m so sorry Gray; no one should have had to see that.” I brought his head closer to my chest. “The newspaper said it was more than six wolves though, not just one.” I said, trying to make sense of what happened.
“It’s because a werewolf isn’t a normal wolf, its' bites are more vicious and powerful. Its' strength is incomparable to any other animal alive. So – to a human investigating the death, one werewolf attack could easily look as if a pack of wolves had done it; to be honest it looked like the 'mutt' was taking it easy, it could have been a lot worse, like I said they enjoy killing. This was different, if he was really trying to murder her it would have been horrifying, she probably just saw him and reacted, it wasn’t a pleasure killing.” 
I sighed. “Okay that’s it, I’ve had enough of hearing about the murder for now and it’s making me feel sick. So, how did I get here, you never said?” 
“I had another vision, I saw you lying there in the woods and I came and got you.”
“You said you’ve only had four visions in your whole life, why are they coming to you more frequently?” 
“That’s another question my family are going to ask the counsel, see if they know anything about what’s going on with us.”
“Okay that doesn’t worry me at all.” I scoffed. “Did you see the guy? Or the men? They fell down that hole Grayson – please tell me you got them out of there.” I cried fearing that they hadn’t been rescued.
“Abi, I didn’t see any hole or men anywhere, it was just you lying on the ground.”
“What! But it happened.” I said, squinting my eyes trying to remember more about the last hour.
“I believe you, look, there are some crazy things happening at the minute and I can’t explain them any better than you can. I just hope when my family get back they have some more information about what’s going on.” Grayson said sensitively, moving in for a kiss.
“I’m sorry that I haven’t talked to you for a week, I was just processing it all.” I moved down the couch so he could kiss me.
“I know and its okay. I knew you loved me so I had nothing to worry about.” He answered arrogantly leading me to move my face away from him. 
“I love you Abigail Lawson.” He smiled. 
“I love you.” I spoke, touching his lips with mine.
 


Chapter Nineteen

Double Date

Grayson decided to take me home so I could rest and tell my mum what had happened. Whilst I was in the car, I touched the back of my head to see if the cut had gotten any worse. I searched for the wound, but I couldn’t find anything. My head was fine, it didn’t even hurt anymore. I put it down to Grayson overreacting about my safety as per usual. 
He parked his car outside my house, a visual demonstration to my family that we’d made up. Grayson could tell that I was nervous about getting out of the car.
“You okay? I’m sure your mum won’t mind us being together.” He tried to relieve my nerves.
I grabbed his hand on his lap ensuring that he knew I wasn’t uncomfortable about our relationship. “It’s not that at all. I don’t really know what to say when I go back in there. The last time I saw my mum was this morning when I ran off and ignored her to find you.” I laughed anxiously. 
“Just say you got a text from me saying I had an accident or something, make something up.” He smiled. 
“That’s actually a very good idea.” I leaned over to kiss his cheek.
“Not to make myself sound like the needy boyfriend or anything but when am I seeing you again? Like you said we haven’t seen each other for days.” He pressed, encouraging me to make a plan.
“Well, I don’t know if Colton would be interested but I was supposed to tell you that Riley wants a double date type thing. If you’re not into it, it doesn’t matter – I can make an excuse.”
“That sounds quite fun, so yeah – why not? It’ll be good to get everyone’s minds off what’s been happening. I’ll pick you both up at six; we can have a meal at my house.”
“That sounds perfect.” I said opening the car door. “I’ll see you then, love you.” I said quickly getting out of the car.
“Love you.” I heard Grayson say as I walked towards my house. As soon as I entered the hallway, I saw Riley sitting on the couch in the living room.
“Where the hell have you been? Your mum's gone ballistic – call much?” Riley shouted leading me to panic.
“Is that her?” I heard my mum yell from upstairs.
“You’re so in trouble.” Riley laughed, knowing now that I was safe. 
“For your sake you better hope not, I’ve just got us a double date with Grayson and Colton tonight.” I heard my mum plod down the stairs.
“What! You and Grayson made up? That’s great - Colton! Seriously, I am so in love with you right now.” Riley said, excited at the idea of having a social life again.
The look on my mum’s face wasn’t pretty. “Where have you been?”
“Listen, let me explain, I had a text from Grayson’s brother this morning saying that there had been an accident and Gray had hurt his head falling off a ladder. I panicked and then saw the newspaper, it was all a bit overwhelming to be honest – I’m sorry I ignored you, it was wrong.” I spoke, masking my deceit.
Mum’s expression moved from angry to concerned, causing me to think that I’d gotten away with it. “It’s okay; just let me know next time something like this happens, how’s Grayson now and what was he doing on a ladder?” She asked, prompting me to think on my feet. 
“His mum bought some hanging baskets and wanted them putting up, so Grayson volunteered to do it, but then he slipped. He’s okay now though, the emergency doctor has apparently checked him out at home. If it’s okay with you, I’m going to go over there later with Riley.” I continued, impressing myself with my new ability to lie.
“It’s fine, I’m just going to call Konrad and tell him not to worry – you’re home, just don’t let that family treat you like dirt again.” Mum rushed off into the kitchen.
“None of that was true, was it?” Riley whispered.
“Nope.” I snapped.
“You’re not going to tell me where you’ve been are you?” She asked looking for answers.
“Nope.” I repeated.
“Normally I would take offence and make you tell me, but I have a date with Colton tonight so you have lucked out. Now can we please go and get ready? I need to do my tan and my nails – there are just not enough hours in the day.” Riley stomped up the stairs.
“You do realise you have like - three hours.” I said, following her.
Riley rushed into the bathroom ahead of me; I could hear her turning on the shower and I knew she’d be half an hour in there. I walked to my wardrobe, starting to worry about what to wear. There was a red summer dress hanging at the side, after twenty minutes of indecisiveness, I eventually chose that – I remembered that red was Grayson’s favourite colour. I snatched my converse from the shelf and added a little makeup to my face. When Riley finally came out of the bathroom, she came over to me and pulled out my ponytail releasing my blonde curls - I guess I was wearing my hair down tonight. 
I had to admit getting ready with Riley was a breath of fresh air; it gave me the sense of normalcy I was craving. Surprisingly, we were both ready for six and waited for Grayson’s car downstairs. Riley appeared to be really troubled about the date – I’d never seen her like this before, maybe it was because it was a blind date between her and Colton but, lucky for her Colton was amazing looking.
Grayson arrived promptly as always and escorted us both to the car; I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of him being such a gentleman. The car ride over to his house was rather amusing. Riley couldn’t stop herself from asking Gray inappropriate questions. Much to his relief we reached his house ten minutes later, Colton must have heard the car in the driveway because he came outside to meet us.
“Hey guys.” Colton walked over to us. “Hi Riley, welcome.” He said gently, peaking her interest straight away.
“Let’s go inside.” Grayson urged us all into the house.
Both men led us to the balcony of the conservatory; they had set up a quaint table filled with scented candles and roses. Colton pulled out Riley’s chair, gesturing for her to sit down. I could tell that she’d never been treated this way before and I could see by her face that she didn’t know how to handle it. Colt sat across from her and pulled out a white rose from underneath the table, he’d had this all planned to perfection. 
He gazed at Riley as she sipped her champagne; she noticed his obvious glances and smiled happily, blushing with nervousness. They barely even noticed that Gray and I were sat with them, they had a connection and I could tell Riley wanted to explore it. Conversation at last was flowing and the food that Gray and Colton had prepared was delicious. When dinner was served, they decided to share their food off each other’s plate, I didn’t understand if it was cute or disgusting but I just went along with it. I continued to refill my champagne glass, slightly irritated that Grayson and I were practically babysitting the pair of them. The dessert was a chocolate sundae overflowing with cream; Riley took a huge bite and got some on her lip. Colton reached out to her lips and moved his thumb over her mouth, boldly removing the cream away from her lip-gloss.
Grayson must have felt as uncomfortable as I did because he quickly interfered with their romantic moment. “Okay then, Colt why don’t you take Riley to the living room and get to know each other better in there.” 
It was obvious that Colt and Riley were past the stage of tipsy now, as they continued to giggle and stumble their way into the lounge.
“I’m sorry about my brother; would you please come up stairs with me?” Gray put forward, clearly wanting to get as far away as he could from the two of them.
“I’m sorry about my friend and yes, I’d like that.” I laughed. 
Grayson led me up to his room; I was almost worried to see it. Amazingly, it was the room I had once barged into weeks before.
He gradually opened the door and my eyes jumped to the wolf painting above Grayson’s bed, it was beautiful. His bedroom was immaculate, definitely not like mine – after a bad week, you’d be lucky to see the floor in my bedroom. His room was incredibly stylish, sleek with striking gloss in black and red. There was a bookshelf that practically covered one side of the wall and a huge easel that settled in the corner of the room.
“This is amazing.” I said, walking further into his room. 
Playfully he edged me towards the bed. “Thank you.”
“Oh - so this was your plan all along, was it? To get rid of them and then bring me up here.” I smiled. 
“No, although it has worked out that way and I do want to kiss you right now.” He grinned, pushing both of us onto the bed.
We spent what felt like hours continuously kissing and talking about our future together, in the end forgetting about Riley’s and Colton’s company downstairs. I knew that Grayson was the love of my life I thought to myself, as our touch grew more passionate.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Chapter Twenty

Carnage

I woke up early, it was only half seven in the morning. My mind was fixated on the young woman’s murder, I couldn't think of anything else. I glanced at Grayson’s side of the bed, he was still sound asleep. He was obviously well adjusted for handling these types of situations. I quickly grabbed Gray’s shirt from the floor, deciding to let him sleep in. His family were coming back today but I was keen to make us a romantic breakfast before they arrived home, perhaps that would distract my brain long enough from thinking about that poor girl. 
I made my way to kitchen worried about waking Grayson. I half-expected Riley and Colt to be passed out on the couch, but no one was downstairs. I’m sure they just spent the rest of the night on the beach or God forbid the bed and breakfast – nothing was off limits where Riley was concerned. Although just to make sure, I had plans to ring her after breakfast. I was fifteen minutes into my amateur attempt at cooking when I heard the front door burst open. Someone came charging in to the house, I could hear them treading heavily towards the kitchen. The aroma from the sausages sweltering in the pan must have alerted them to my presence.
I could see a figure hurrying around the corner; I was actually relieved when I saw that it was Isaac. I pulled down the white shirt preventing Grayson’s brother from seeing my underwear; this was definitely not how I planned my morning. I could see from the look on his face that something was terribly wrong and from what had already gone on lately I was afraid to even ask him.
“What’s the matter?” I asked him, knowing that he wasn’t too happy with my company at the best of times. All of a sudden, I heard Grayson hurry down the stairs obviously concerned with Isaac’s entrance.
“Did you see it?” Isaac spoke. 
Grayson looked at me. “See what?” 
Isaac sighed. “There have been four more murders Grayson, did you get a vision?”
“What! Four more people have been killed?” I was in complete shock. 
“Shut up Abigail!” Isaac yelled at me.
“Don’t you dare! No, I didn’t get a vision – did you?” Grayson defended me.
“No, someone’s controlling our powers. There’s a reason why we weren’t able to save the girl, our vision came too late. Now, there are four more murders and we didn’t see them! I tried ringing mum and dad but I can’t get hold of any of them, I’m worried – God knows what the humans are planning to do now and they’re getting more and more suspicious of me. They have asked me to take a few days off work, because I’m new and apparently, it’s a lot to deal with – but it’s not anything to do with that, they don’t trust me. Why should they? The murders only started when we got here, it’s only a matter of time before we get found out – we have to leave.” Isaac insisted, visibly shaken from the past few hours. 
Grayson tried to settle his brother’s nerves. “Calm down! The family should be back in three hours, I got a text last night off Aidan, and if they aren’t back in time then we can worry. What happened to the four people that were killed?” 
“A lot, they were ripped apart Grayson. There were four men searching the woods yesterday morning near our house. One of the family members reported them missing about seven in the evening, when they hadn’t returned home all day. We found them within two hours in the forest and so far, fortunately the news hasn’t broke out in town.”
“Wait! You found them? What did you see?” Grayson asked, prompting Isaac to take a seat across from me. 
“Yeah, I found them with two other officers. When I first got there, I knew that the land was stained. I could sense the evil almost immediately before I even saw the bodies. The men had been slaughtered and then their bodies were staged. They were scattered in pieces over the rocks. The cause of death for every man was having his throat bloody torn out!” Isaac was clearly disturbed with the imagery he was forced to witness.
“I’m sorry Isaac.” Grayson walked towards his brother.
“The remains have been sent to the hospital on the island so they can initially examine the bodies, then they’ll be shipped over to the mainland. The families of the victims have to assist in the investigation; the chief said they would have to get the dental records of the men so that they can identify them.” Isaac was clearly suffering. 
“You don’t have to tell us anymore, that’s enough.” Grayson insisted, gently consoling his sibling.
Isaac, however, was unable to stop talking. “Mr Potter’s head was the first thing I saw lying on the ground; I’d seen him a few times at his wife’s flower shop helping her get the stock out of the van. Mr Deacon’s upper torso had been bitten twice and a bite on his left thigh was so deep that you could see the bone. I hadn’t seen him before but apparently, he was a keen angler on the island and retired when his wife died. Mr Norris was a bus driver; he heard about the murder of Michelle and wanted to help, he even booked a shift off work so he could search the woods – his right hand was mauled where he’d obviously attempted to defend himself. It looked as if Mr Timmins was killed last from the lacerations on his face and hands, he had bravely tried to help his friends fight the wolf off. He was forty-seven years old, his daughter had just turned nineteen two weeks ago. The investigators will have to use DNA to determine what type of animal did this but, of course, they won’t find anything – because this is no wolf. I don’t believe that one of our kind is capable of any of this, not even a mutt.” Isaac spoke, with tears falling from his eyes.
Grayson hesitated, obviously choosing his words carefully. “You know mutts are able to do this Isaac, you’ve seen it before. They lose their packs and they go crazy, it’s nothing new but we need to stop it.” 
“You didn’t see it! It wasn’t a wolf, I’ve seen mutt killings – this wasn’t one of them! Lone wolves are frantic and unpredictable. They run off soon after they have killed someone. The medical examiner primarily said that the murderer was on the scene for at least two hours scrupulously playing with the bodies. What 'mutt' do you know that does that? The more the bodies are investigated the more they are going to come to the conclusion that either wolves killed the men and a human staged the whole thing or that a human is responsible for the deaths and is making it look like the wolves have done it – either way, our family is screwed!” Isaac jumped up, kicking over his stool. 
I looked up at Isaac, scared to speak to him. “Is that what they are saying? That a person is to blame.”
Isaac sighed. “Before I left the station - that was pretty much the consensus on all the officer’s minds. You have to ask yourself this, the injuries that the men suffered were horrific, they were being killed off one at a time, they were probably screaming at the top of their lungs. Why did no one hear them? There are plenty of houses around, ours included – but no one heard anything. I think we need to start wrapping our heads around the fact that we may have been found.” 
“Wait! I need to tell you something. I saw the four men you’re on about yesterday morning. They were running after something in the woods but I couldn’t see what they were chasing and then they just fell. It was as if the ground swallowed them up. I was running after them but then couldn’t stop myself; it was as if I was cursed or something. A guy ended up pushing me out of the way.” I explained, glancing back at Grayson for approval.
“Did you know about this? Why didn’t you tell me about it when I told you the four men had been murdered? What did the man look like Abigail?” Isaac waited impatiently for my response.
“I told Grayson, he was the one that brought me back from the woods. He said there wasn’t any hole and he didn’t see the men – I thought I’d just hit my head running or something.”
“I’m right here Abigail I can talk for myself.” Grayson snapped at me. 
Isaac smirked at his brother. “What did the man who rescued you look like Abigail?”  
I stared at Isaac. “He was blonde, blue eyed - a bit older than me.” My description obviously struck a nerve, because Isaac seemed extremely sketchy about my answer.
 “Did you tell Grayson what he looked like?” He fixed his eyes on his brother.
Grayson sensed Isaac’s anger. “She told me.” 
Isaac scoffed. “And that description doesn’t remind you of anyone?” He raised his hands to his head, outraged at Grayson’s relaxed attitude. 
“I would have told dad when he got back; there was no need to scare anyone if I wasn’t sure about what Abigail saw.” Grayson defended himself.
“What are you two on about? So you do know who saved me?” I quickly stood up, knowing that Grayson was keeping something from me - again. 
“Saved you? He probably caused the damn thing –” Isaac yelled. 
Grayson interrupted. “You remember when I told you about the Lasair, the person you described sounds a lot like the leader's son – Leopold.” 
“Leopold.” I muttered, quietly to myself. Something told me that this wasn’t the first time I’d said that name before. 
Isaac quickly glanced into the hallway. “Where the hell is Colton?” 
“He’s with Riley – Abigail’s best friend. I’ll give him a call now.” Grayson said, reaching for the phone.  
“Of course he is. You should be keeping an eye on him.” Isaac sighed. 
“He’s a year younger than me, he can look after himself.” Grayson mumbled, unfazed by his brother’s criticism. 
“Tell him to come home now.” Isaac seemed to be taking his big brother role more seriously today. 
I couldn’t listen to the rest of their childish conversation. In my mind, I only saw the man in the woods, his face repeatedly flashing inside my head. It was as if he was protecting me. I couldn’t believe that he would harm anyone, with every fibre of my being; I believed that this Leopold hadn’t caused those murders.



















Chapter Twenty-One

It’s Time 

The phone in the kitchen started ringing, immediately pulling me back to reality. Grayson quickly got to it first, irritating Isaac as he raised the phone to his ear. 
“Hello.” Grayson smirked at his brother. 
Suddenly, Isaac turned on the speakerphone enabling us all to listen in on the call. Grayson was too interested in who was on the other line to care about us eavesdropping.
“Grayson? Are all of you at home?” the voice said worryingly.
“Mum? Yeah – Isaac is here, you’re on speakerphone. Colt is out at the minute, what have the counsel said?” Grayson asked, leaning his elbow on the breakfast bar.
“They have determined that it’s too difficult a situation for us to handle on our own. In light of what happened yesterday morning, they have decided to send two counsel members back with us to take care of it, they want to investigate it for themselves and then make a decision. We always knew that this could happen.” Maria sighed. 
“You mean you’ve heard about the other four murders already?” Isaac jumped in. 
“We saw it; all of us had the same vision.” She explained causing Grayson’s posture to rise up.
Grayson glanced at Isaac. “What! Why didn’t you ring one of us, we could have done something. Neither of us got any sort of vision, what’s going on?”
“It wouldn’t have made any difference son, our vision was too late – we saw the time on one of the men’s watches when they were being attacked, it said 1:13pm. Collectively, we only got our vision about eight last night; it didn’t matter anymore because they were already dead.”
“It’s not a mutt.” Isaac muttered under his breath.
Maria hesitated. “What was that?”
“I said it’s not a mutt! We all know what this is, but everyone’s just too scared to admit it to themselves.” 
“It is one possibility, a notion that we have already discussed with the counsel. Why do you think two of them are coming back with us Isaac? None of us are running from the fact that it could be the Lasair, we’re not stupid. Please find your brother and just stay inside until we get back. You know what to do with your phones if it is them. We’ve been held up here by the way, we should arrive tonight before ten.” 
Isaac nodded to his brother. “Okay, I’m just glad you’re on the same page as me. See you soon – be safe.”
“I Love you.” Maria said, hanging up the phone.
Isaac’s mobile started to hum through his pocket. He quickly reached down to his pants to grab the phone. “It’s a text.” He stared at the screen.
“Who from?” Grayson asked eager for new information.
Isaac looked up. “It’s a mass circulation text; I think it’s been sent to everyone on the island.”
“Town Meeting! St Mary’s Police Department will hold a public involvement meeting this evening to discuss the tragedies that have happened on our island over the past couple of days. The meeting will be held 5:30 to 7pm in the High School sports hall, Hugh Town, St Marys. Representatives from the Animal Wildlife Association will be available to discuss strategic safety plans and answer any questions, as will the police department, we hope to see you all there.” He spoke, reading the text aloud.
“Oh God they’re going to tell everyone about the four murders at the meeting?” Isaac continued. 
I was confused. “Why is that a bad thing, I’m sure their families have already started telling people anyway.”
“Abigail, one murder is unfortunate. Five murders in total is a massacre on a small island like this - people are going to panic.” Issac said pulling his head back. “This is bad, this meeting is going to be a brawl. How could the station not tell me about this? It’s such a bad idea.”
After listening to Issaic I knew I had to find Riley. I moved around the kitchen in a fluster trying to find my phone. Grayson became aware of what I was searching for and he spotted it first on the windowsill. He quickly threw my phone down the sink and hit the waste disposal button on the side of counter - in seconds my mobile was completely obliterated. I stared down at the sink, my hands placed firmly against the cold, granite edge. I looked up to see Grayson’s face staring right back at me.
“What did you do that for?” I screamed, shoving him out-of-the-way.
“I’m sorry Abigail, but it’s a precaution – you can’t use any phone. If it is the Lasair doing all of this, then you can bet they have listened in to all of our phone calls, anything to do with technology, they will have seen and heard. We can’t risk giving them a bigger advantage than they already have. No more phones or computers, okay?” I sat down, trying to deal with what Grayson had just said.
“Okay, here’s the plan – I’ll go find Colton and Riley. I'll bring him back here and tell Riley to go back to Abigail’s house. Grayson you take Abi home and then come straight back here so we can figure out how we’re going to handle the town meeting.” Isaac ordered, he sounded like my grouchy gymnastic coach all those years ago.
“Wait, do I not get a say in any of this? I want to go to the town meeting too – can’t I help you?” I stood up, hoping to show my loyalty to Grayson’s family.
“Fine, we’ll pick you and Riley up at five, we need to get there early.” Isaac rushed off into the hallway.
“Your brother is definitely something.” I glanced up at Grayson.
“Come on I’ll take you home.” He said, putting his arm around my waist.
 
 
 
 





Chapter Twenty-Two

Building Bridges
 
Grayson reluctantly dropped me off back at home, I could see he hated the fact that I was away from him at a time like this. Twenty minutes later Isaac showed up at my door and urged Riley out of his car. He practically rammed her body through the door, obviously livid with her behaviour. Riles was still drunk from the craziness of last night – I wondered where she’d been for all of this time.
“She’ll be fine, just let her sleep it off – be ready for five.” Isaac repeated again, obviously thinking that I was incapable of remembering such a complicated instruction.
“I heard you before, we’ll be ready.” I responded hoping to patronise him. Isaac helped me carry Riley to the couch in the living room. Thankfully, my mum was nowhere to be seen or she might have given him a well deserved telling off for his earlier attitude towards me.
“Okay, see you in a bit.” He snapped, leaving my house. Moments later I heard footsteps backtrack through the entrance of the hallway. “I just wanted to let you know, I don’t dislike you or anything.” Isaac said, reappearing from outside the lounge.
I was taken aback by his unexpected declaration of guilt. “Well you could have fooled me.”
“It’s just – Grayson’s abilities are so much more developed than anyone I’ve ever seen before and you worry me, I think he’d give everything up for you.” 
“I don’t want him to give anything up for me; I want him to have everything he’s ever dreamt of. You have to understand though, I’m not going anywhere, I love him and we just want a chance.” I couldn’t believe it; I had finally made Isaac smile.
“I get it - I think. I’m sorry for how I’ve treated you and it won’t happen again.” He nodded, finally showing his approval of our relationship, before he left my house. 
I suddenly heard my mum’s high heels clicking down the corridor from the bed and breakfast wing; I just knew I was going to get in trouble for Riley’s idiocy. Mum came charging into the living room, she clearly saw Riley’s hand hanging off the couch from the hallway. “Rough night?” She asked, realising how ill Riley was.
“I have no idea, I’m fine but Riley couldn’t handle her drink – she left with Colton last night, I thought she would have come back here.” 
“She did.” They both came back here and I was having a drink with your dad in the kitchen, so we asked them if they wanted a game of cards with us - they didn’t understand that we were trying to sober them up.” Mum laughed. 
“So how did she end up outside again?” 
“Well when it got late, we asked Colton politely to leave – which he did and then I took Riley up to her bedroom. I didn’t count on Riles sneaking out, I finished clearing up and then went to check on her again and she was gone. Konrad’s been out looking for her since dawn, I’m just glad she’s home.” 
“I’m sorry she drank so much mum.” I apologised on Riley’s behalf. 
“It’s fine, I’ll text Konrad now. Oh did you hear about the town meeting?” I crossed my arms slowly, visibly uncomfortable at her question.
“Yeah, I’m going later with Grayson.” I wanted more than anything to tell my mum about the other four murders.
“Good! You can tell me what happens. I’m going out to that restaurant, Adeline’s tonight, it’s always booked up and tonight it’s not because everyone is at that meeting.” She confessed, grinning like a school girl. 
“Wait! What, have you got a date or something?” I was confused at her timing with everything that’s been going on.
“I wanted to tell you with your dad, but you’ve been with Grayson these past few days and I didn’t want to ruin it. Your father is taking me on a date.”
“What!” Logan yelled, sneakily listening in on our conversation.
“Oh Logan, I’m sorry darling – I wanted to tell you, but I knew how you would take it.” Mum tried to comfort him.
“Logan, if mum wants to date dad again and see where it all goes - that’s up to them. Don’t be like Grayson’s family, judging them before we know how it will end. They’re both different people now, it’s been over three years - can you please just give dad a chance.” I said realising that dad was silently hovering behind my brother.
Seeing how unfairly the Hales had treated me for loving their son, I was definitely not about to do the same thing to my dad. I realised that – yes, he’d made some horrendous mistakes but that didn’t mean he didn’t deserve a second chance.
Logan hesitated. “Fine, I’ll give it a shot.”
“That’s good to hear son.” Dad said, moving past Logan in the doorway.
“Thank you both for being so understanding.” Mum showed off her excitement.
Logan and I looked at our parents flirting with one another, there was a part of me that couldn’t believe it was happening, but I was actually glad. I hadn’t seen my mum this happy in years and now with my brother on board, we actually had the makings of a happy family.
“Logan, do you want to go fishing tomorrow?” Dad braced himself for his son’s rejection.
“Sure.” Logan said quickly. “I’ll go fishing if I can go with Abigail to the town meeting tonight and not get stuck with a babysitter.” 
“Abi are you fine with that?” Dad asked me, his eyes pleading me to say yes.
“Well it doesn’t look like Riley is coming now, so yeah – he can come with me and Grayson on the condition that you drive to the restaurant tonight and not walk. I don’t want you walking anywhere.” I said, seriously.
“Of course Abigail, what’s wrong darling – you worried about the wolves? It was probably just a fluke honey.” Mum assured me. I tried to smile back at her, but I already knew the horrible truth.  
“Good, our plans are sorted then. How about we play one of your old board games in the kitchen for a bit till we have to get ready and let Riley sleep off her embarrassment in here.” Dad was obviously in high spirits. I really didn’t want to ruin their date but I had to tell them.
“I heard that.” Riley slurred, before falling back to sleep.
“Sounds weirdly good to me.” Logan answered, smirking at Dad. 
“Wait – I need to tell you something first. When I was at Grayson’s before, his brother told me there had been another four murders on the island, that’s why you can’t walk anywhere tonight.” I spoke. 
“What! Who were they? I haven’t heard anything.” Mum cried out in fear.
“Mr Potter, Deacon, Norris and Timmins, they were searching the forest for the wolves yesterday and they were found murdered in the woods in the afternoon by Grayson’s brother and some more officers.” I sat down. 
“I used to fish with Mr Deacon when I was a kid, I can’t believe he’s dead – I’m so sorry but I think we should go to that meeting Kathryn and see what they say.” My dad suggested.  
Mum nodded her head. “I agree, Abi you can still go with Grayson, just be careful please – you get in the car and go to the meeting that’s it and we will meet you there.”
“What about me? Can I still please go with Abigail?” Logan asked, his eyes were practically begging mum.
“No I want you with us, I’ll ring Konrad and tell him what’s happened and we can pick him up on the way to the school.” 
Logan scoffed. “Please, I’m not a baby, I’m thirteen! I think I can manage getting in and out of a car. Please, you’ll see me there anyways.” 
“Just let him Kat, Abigail’s not stupid.” Dad said, jumping in on the conversation.
“Fine, but Abigail – you watch him, okay?” She obviously didn’t want to disagree with my dad. 
I smiled. “He will be fine, I’ll take care of him – I promise.” After all, the safest place for my brother at the minute was with two werewolves hell bent on protecting us.
“Thank you.” Logan looked excited about hearing the gruesome details of the murders, what is it with teenage boys?
I spent the next seven hours playing Monopoly and watching television with my family. They were all clearly hoping to forget what I’d just told them. I was trying to get ready in-between family time and eating my whole weight in chocolate, for some reason I just couldn’t stop eating sugar. I saw that Riley was still fast asleep on the couch, there was no way on earth I was going to get her to come with me, I could only hope that Isaac wouldn’t give me grief about bringing my little brother along.
Logan and I were both ready on time waiting as Isaac pulled in the driveway. Grayson, being a gentleman, walked straight to our door to escort us to the car.
“Is Logan coming with us?” He asked me, looking puzzled.
“Yeah, is that okay? My mum and dad are actually going a bit later to the meeting, they need to pick my uncle up first and Logan wanted to come with me, so I’m looking after him.” 
“Abigail, please be careful.” My mother yelled to me from in the hallway.
“I will, I’ll see you there.” I said, trying to calm mum down.
“Yeah, it’s fine. Hello Mrs Lawson – Mr Lawson.” Grayson looked back at my parents. He probably only said it was okay because my mum and dad were perched behind us listening to our every word.
Logan threw himself into the car, claiming shotgun at speed, excited to be out of the house. I climbed into the car after him expecting Isaac to start moaning about my brother’s presence.
“Where’s Colton.” I asked wondering if he felt as bad as Riley did.
“I need him at home, but don’t worry about him – he’s fine.” Isaac said sharply. “You must be Logan; it’s nice to meet you properly.” I guess he really was attempting to be nice to me after all.
“Yeah, you’re Ella’s brother aren’t you – Isaac.” Logan asked.
“I certainly am, let’s go shall we? Put your seatbelt on Logan.” Isaac continued to be polite. Grayson’s face was a picture, he couldn’t believe how well his brother was behaving, and he turned to look at me, grinning as he grabbed my hand in the back seat. 
 












Chapter Twenty-Three

Difference of Opinion
 
We arrived at the High School. I’d not been inside for at least three years. There were so many people entering the doors of the sports hall, I’d never seen the town come together like this before. Isaac tried to compose himself, but I could see in his eyes that he was worried. Grayson’s brother led the way to the entrance. I looked up into the crowd and caught a fleeting glimpse of the faces of people waiting for the meeting to start. They seemed scared about the whole thing and who could blame them. I’m sure they just wanted this all to end, me included. I turned my head to look back at the growing number of people waiting to get through the doors. I wondered how they were all going to fit in here.
Eventually, we made it through the entrance and I could see that the gym was different now from when I was here. The hall was much bigger than the old one. Someone must have spent a fortune on the new equipment. I remembered my little brother last summer going on and on about how thrilled he was about having the new space for his basketball team, now I see he wasn’t over exaggerating.
I could see Head Master Thorne standing in the corner at the top of the hall, obviously going over his cue cards in his head. I didn’t even understand why that tongue-tied idiot was speaking in the first place. The four of us stuck together like glue, I tightly gripped Logan’s T-shirt from the back, afraid of losing him in the crowd. Luckily, we’d arrived early so there were still seats available in the front. We watchfully sat down and inspected the people in the hall. I was aware of the possibility that members of the Lasair were positioning themselves here.
The gathering of people in the gymnasium was overwhelming, the majority of them – I’d known my whole life; others seemed to be either prying tourists enjoying the commotion or reporters afraid of missing the next big story. Moving my head to the right, I glanced over to the far right of the wall, I saw a man in his fifties glaring straight ahead, folding his arm. He seemed to be completely engrossed with the disturbance on top of the podium, the police were arguing about something and everyone could see that it was getting quite heated.
“Can you hear what the police are saying?” I turned to ask Grayson.
“Yes. How did you know I could hear them?” He smiled. 
“Dogs have good hearing don’t they? So I just thought you’d have super hearing or something.” I realised that I’d probably just insulted him, big time.
“We aren’t dogs Abigail.” Isaac smirked at his brother.
“I didn’t mean that.” I rolled my eyes. “Keep your voices down.” I urged, frightened of Logan overhearing our discussion.
“They’re talking about whether they should go into the extremities of what happened to the four men who were killed. They’re disagreeing, that’s all, and it’s nothing we don’t know.” Grayson lowered his voice to my ear. Suddenly Isaac bowed forward, hearing something that concerned him. “Did you hear that?” 
“Yes, so Abigail was right.” Grayson spoke, looking at his brother.
“I was right about what?” I was tormented with the fact that I couldn’t hear the police.
Grayson twisted his head to the side and shifted in my direction, his forehead pressed against the side of my face. “One of them just let slip that – all the men’s bodies had multiple broken bones, suggesting they’d fallen from a great height.” He confirmed that what I saw in the woods yesterday was real.
“So – I did see them fall in the forest. How did they not tell you about this Isaac?”
Isaac scanned the room as if he was looking for someone. “I don’t know, I couldn’t have known that from just seeing their bodies, I mean they were a total mess as it was. I’ve no clue why they would leave that out of the initial autopsy report. It didn’t even make sense in the bloody conversation they were having; the officer just blurted it out – almost like he’d been forced too.”
“What do you mean - someone forced him?” I spoke.
“They’re actually here, they have to be – they’ll be watching us now, controlling stuff.” Isaac started to scare me. We knew there was a chance that the Lasair would be here, but thinking it and knowing it were entirely two different things. 
Logan pushed forward. “What are you three whispering about? I’m getting sick of it – I’m here too, you know?” 
“I’m sorry bud, it’s nothing, it’s about to start now.” I spoke indicating for us to watch the stage.
“We can’t stay here, it was a stupid idea anyway – let’s go!” Isaac was beginning to freak me out. 
“What’s Isaac saying?” Logan asked, puzzled at our behaviour.
“Nothing Logan, he’s just being impatient – he wants the meeting to start.” Grayson tried to put my brother at ease.
“Isaac, can we at least stay for the first speech – I want to know what they say. Even if they are here, they’re hardly going to make a scene at a town meeting, are they?” I said quickly.
He sighed. “Fine, we stay for ten minutes and then we are gone.”
The headmaster paced forwards on the stage reaching the podium. “Thank you for coming this evening, we know how terrifying it is at the moment to even step outside your homes.” He shuffled through his cards. I glanced around my shoulder to see my mum and dad walking in through the doors; I waved to them signalling my parents to come over. There wasn’t any seating left available; half of the people in the hall had to stand. Grayson and Isaac noticed their arrival and graciously gave up their seats for my parents, whilst the brothers stood at the side of our row watching the stage closely.
“What have we missed?” Mum asked, shuffling around in her seat.
I smiled. “Nothing, it’s just started.” 
The Headmaster was clearly anxious by the amount of people who were listening to him. “I just want to say, that although the events from these past few days are devastating to our Isles, we will get through this and we will see those vicious animals stopped one way or another.” The police chief sensed the Headmasters’ nervousness and headed towards the podium to end his baffling talk.
“Thank you, Headmaster for your words of comfort. I am Police Chief Johnson; I am the one that initiated this meeting today in response to another unfortunate incident on the island. I felt it was necessary to let you all know that we have had four more killings.” Johnson led the crowd to murmur and exhale noisily at his frank approach.
“I know – I know, what you are feeling because I am feeling it too. The men that have been murdered are Mr Timmins, Mr Deacon, Mr Norris and Mr Potter, there will be funerals held for each man accordingly but as of now, I have no more news on that. It is devastating; five members of our close-knit community have now fallen prey to these killers. This is an ongoing investigation so we can’t put forward all of our information to you. Please just be vigilant and cautious if you see one of these animals. I know a few of you have collectively said it's the wolves that have suddenly appeared on the island that are doing this. The new information that has arisen from further examination is that we are dealing with something else entirely. We have reason to believe there could be human involvement but at this time, we cannot tell you anymore. We can only ask you to remain watchful and stay on your guard and if any of you see anything strange please inform us immediately. I understand all of you want to know more, but this is a peculiar case and we are working day and night to find the killers. We just thought you all should be told in person, that’s all I can tell you at the minute. Wildlife specialist Christina Yen will now speak to you on safety precautions and then we will open the floor to any questions you may have.” Johnson spoke, obviously choosing to shy away from the gory details of the murders.
I looked up to see Grayson conversing with Isaac, I truly wanted to hear what the two of them were saying but they were too far away from were I was sitting. Instead, I shifted my gaze to right side of the sports hall again and saw the same man as before sniggering to himself as he watched the police chief come down from the stage. He immediately uncrossed his arms and turned to look straight at me, I quickly scrambled over mum and dad to tell Isaac and Grayson.
“I don't know how I know but I'm sure he’s one of them.” I whispered to the brothers, pointing at the man at the other side of the room.
Grayson was obviously confused by my insistence. “How can you be sure?” 
“Just trust me, he is!” I assured him.
Grayson and Isaac rushed through the hall, barging through the crowd to get to the man. I saw the stranger smile at me before pushing through the side door in the gym, as the brothers chased after him. No one even noticed the disturbance; everyone was too occupied paying attention to the safety instructions. 
“Mum I have to go, I’ll ring you – I’m sorry.” I said, distressed.
“Why? What? Abigail!” She shouted to me as I darted off after Grayson.
I dived through the side door of the gym noticing that all the lights in the corridor  had been turned off. I couldn’t see or hear anything, this part of the building was new, and I didn’t have a clue where I was. Suddenly, a faint light began to flicker through the shadows; someone was in here with me. 


 








Chapter Twenty-Four

The Arrival

Standing in the darkness was sending my imagination into overdrive. I tiptoed towards the light, breathing heavily with every step I took. I could still hear the faint sounds of the crowd next door; their voices were comforting me. 
I presumed that Grayson was far ahead of me by now; I don’t know why I even continued in my pursuit, other than everything in my body told me to go after him. The light was actually helping me; it led me to another hallway. I could see an emergency door exit open, leading outside. I took a moment to look around, but I couldn’t see anything that could have caused the light. Out of the corner of my eye, I glanced down to find a small piece of mirror on the floor, this could have been used to reflect the light my way, but who did it? There was another room leading from the right side of the corridor, I wondered if my helper had run in to there.
“Hello?” I spoke, afraid that someone would answer me back. There was only silence, if somebody was hiding in there, they didn’t want me finding them. I rushed through the corridor to the emergency exit, grateful for the daylight that now surrounded me. Stood in the sea of cars parked next to the school was Grayson resting against a lamppost.
I ran towards him. “Why are you still here? Where’s Isaac?”
“He’s gone after that man, we think you were right, he’s Lasair. How did you know before we did Abigail? We surveyed that whole place, we couldn’t detect them – but you did – how?” Grayson said edgier, I couldn’t understand if he was complimenting my instinct or implying something more insidious. 
“What are you getting at Grayson? I just noticed him, I thought he was strange, that’s it.” I was angered by his subtle accusation. 
“But – that’s not it, is it? I could tell that it wasn’t instinct, you actually knew that he was Lasair and I want to know how?” He yelled at me, suddenly grabbing at my arm.
“I don’t know! I just did! What the hell has gotten into you?” I attempted to shake him off my arm.
“Tell me how you knew and I’ll let go!” He petrified me. 
All at once, a car came speeding around the corner of the school and was heading straight towards us, it was Grayson’s car. It skidded to a standstill, as the car doors opened. “Get away from him Abigail!” I couldn’t believe my eyes, it was Grayson and Isaac. “How are there two of you?” Isaac pulled me around to the back of the car.
“Now, now wolf – bad dog!” The doppelganger scoffed. The man slowly began to morph back into another form.
“Joseph.” Grayson whispered, recognising the man’s face.
“I’m flattered you remember me Grayson, it’s been a long-time, and the last time I saw you was at your uncle’s funeral, sad times.” Joseph said, challenging Grayson’s willpower to risk a confrontation outside the sports hall.
Grayson’s eyes grew brighter; I could see that he was struggling to keep his wolf at bay. “I remember all of you, where’s your brother? Isn’t he usually the one doing all the stalking and impersonating?”
“He’s otherwise engaged in another activity at the moment.” Joseph, said, chuckling to himself.
“How did you find us here?” Isaac interrupted.
“We always find your kind eventually; you must have known it was only a matter of time Isaac. Child, what are you doing bothering yourself with these futile creatures? It seems beneath you Abigail.” Joseph was now directing his awfulness at me.
“How do you know my name?” I said, moving Isaac’s arm away from me. 
“I know most things about you Abigail, although I do take a particular interest in a girl my son seems to be fond of, he’s quite besotted by you. You do remember Leopold don’t you?” Joseph laughed. “I’m feeling quite generous today so I’ll make you an offer princess, you can either side with these beasts and almost certainly die or you can come with me now and I promise nothing will happen to you or that darling family of yours.”
The meeting seemed to be finishing, as people were already making their way out into the car park. I knew that there was nothing that the brothers could do to Joseph whilst we were all in public; they would have to grudgingly let him go. “I’ve heard all about you! What you’ve done in the past and I’d rather die than ever take your side in anything!” I roared, staring Joseph down. “And you can tell that son of yours to keep away from me.” 
“That can most likely be arranged my girl. Well, as fun as this little meeting of yours has been, I had better be going.” Joseph quickly headed into the crowd of people, a few seconds later he was gone.
“Let’s go home, we can wait for the family to come back.” Isaac instructed.
I caught a glimpse of my parent’s silhouettes coming through the metal door; mum spotted me and rushed over to make sure everything was fine. I had just made a bit of a scene in there. “What the hell happened? Why did you run off? – You scared me half to death?” 
“It was me, Mrs Lawson, I was going to be sick so she was just rushing after me, but I’m fine now.” Grayson smiled at my mum.
“Okay, as long as you’re alright, I guess. I'm not surprised to be honest; it almost got a little too much for me in there. Where are you going now?” 
“I’m going back to Grayson’s house, his family have really warmed up to me now, is that okay?” I noticed mum’s apprehensive face.
“Oh really? Have they now.” Mum almost shouted, still angry at how Grayson’s family treated me.
“It would be fine Abigail but I was just going to ask you if you could watch Logan for us, I was hoping me and your mum could salvage some of the date that I’d planned.” Dad guilt tripped me into doing a favour for him.
“Logan can come over to our house, if it’s not a problem with you? I’m sure he’d like to see Ella anyway. I can even drop him back off at home at nine if that’s okay.” Isaac suddenly blurted out. I was still struggling with the idea that Isaac was now being nice to my brother and me. I was still shocked when he took it upon himself to make an effort with us.
“Aww yes! Please mum.” Logan pleaded moving towards us, as if standing nearer to Isaac was going to convince mum to let him come with us.
Mum sighed. “I guess that would be okay, but please no later than nine.” 
“No later than nine, got it.” Isaac assured her.
“Okay, well have a good time, Abigail watch him – please.” She told me.
“I will, bye guys.” I uttered quickly, as dad edged mum to their car.
“Right, let’s go.” Isaac shouted, as we all climbed into Gray’s car.
We were in the car twenty minutes before we reached the Hale manor; the traffic from the town meeting was horrendous on our small, meandering roads. As Isaac pulled up to the house, we all noticed another car in the driveway, the family were already home.
Kaleb must have heard the car pull in because he was outside as we arrived. We all quickly got out of the car as he came rushing towards us. Grayson straight away hugged his dad tightly.  Kaleb then hugged Isaac and held his face as a sign of respect, probably saying thank you for looking after all of us. Although, I still thought he’d done something mean to poor Colton, I still hadn’t seen him; Kaleb was probably praising Isaac’s efforts a bit too soon.
I was anxious to know how Kaleb would react to mine and Logan’s presence at his home, even though if the man said one wrong thing to Logan – werewolf or not, I’d bloody take him.
“Abigail – Logan, it’s nice to see you. I suspect you’ve all had a good time while we have been gone, no?” He asked.
“It’s been fine.” I snapped, thinking that Kaleb was mocking us.
Kaleb obviously sensed my resentment towards him and began to shift closer to me. “I didn’t mean anything by that Abigail, guys can you leave us for a second, please get Logan something to drink.” I didn’t understand what Kaleb had to talk to me about; I wasn’t going anywhere, so any more feeble attempts to persuade me away from Grayson would only be ignored. Grayson was unwilling to leave me with his father and hovered at the top of the drive. “Grayson go inside please, I’m not going to say anything bad to her.” Kaleb assured him causing Grayson to reluctantly step inside the house.
“I’m sorry for how myself and my family reacted to your relationship with my son, we were animals that night and that’s not how I want you to think of us. I understand if my apology doesn’t mean anything to you Abigail because we were beyond awful to you, but from my personal perspective, I am truly sorry for letting them act that way.” 
“I accept your apology; does your wife feel the same way as you?” I was still angry at Maria’s appalling behaviour. 
“Unfortunately, Maria has not moved on her stance, but you can leave her to me. I must warn you right now about more pressing matters. I know that Grayson has told you all about us and what we are and I understand how much he loves you. Having said that there are two members of the counsel, McKentire and Connell, they are inside this house and they will positively not approve of you and my son together, you must prepare yourself for their opinion.” He cautioned me.
“I can deal with it.” I told him.
“I’m sure you will, although there is one more thing Abigail, Faelyn is here. When the counsel heard about your relationship with Grayson they schemed to bring her back with us, but that is nothing to do with this family, not even Maria had her hand in that. We now know that the Lasair were intimidating you - not Faelyn, but make no mistake she is a wolf and she has a bite, don’t let your guard down around her.”
“Let’s go inside.” I urged him, seeing how this time he was being protective of me.
Kaleb linked my arm kindly as we wandered into the house together; everyone was seated comfortably in the large reception room, I could see my brother staying close to young Ella and an attractive girl around my age staring right back at me from her chair, I knew it was Faelyn. I noticed immediately that Colton was sitting on one of the tables with his mother, thank God; Colton was safe I thought to myself. Anna and Aiden waved to me, visibly happy to see me with Grayson again. I hadn’t been in this room often and only now did I realise how beautiful it was, glass windows were positioned across the entire wall leading out into the back garden. I could even see the sun setting clearly, from where I was stood. Grayson detected my arrival and rushed over to grab my hand, leading Kaleb to leave us. “Are you okay? What did he say?” Grayson spoke, afraid that his father had upset me.
“It was great actually, he was warning me. He told me about the counsel - what to expect and about Faelyn being here and your family not having any part in it. I think Kaleb was just trying to protect me, even before when I’d just first met your family,  I know he just didn’t want anything bad to happen.” I now understood his father’s actions.
“That’s good then.” Grayson gently kissed my forehead. “Please come with me.” He pulled me over to the windows. “I need to ask you something Abigail, it can’t wait any longer and I’ve wanted to do this since the very first moment I met you. Oh God, I had a speech planned out and everything and now I’m just messing it up. What I mean is, because of the Lasair I don’t know how this is going to end for us, but I want you to know -” Grayson was rudely interrupted by an old man stumbling to his feet.
“So this is the girl you have chosen Grayson, this is her?” The man asked, visibly livid with my boyfriend, pointing straight at me as if I was an animal in a cage.
Another man, a lot younger than the first suddenly made his presence known by rising up from his chair next to the bar. “I don’t understand how you could all let this happen in the first place - they can’t even have children. Realistically a wolf and human can never be, it is in our code and you are supposed to be the legacy of the Hale clan. You are a disgrace to his name. We have kept this secret for hundreds of years – do you really think a human can be trusted? This is exactly the reason why we don't reveal ourselves. We are going to have to use compulsion.” His venomous words caused me to squeeze Grayson’s hand tighter.
“A human and a what?” Logan asked, his mouth opened in disbelief.
“Ella, please take Logan into the kitchen.” Maria instructed quickly.
“What are you talking about? Abigail?” Logan was visibly distressed preventing Ella from escorting him outside.
“Ah, so you haven’t told your brother Abigail?” McKentire laughed at the situation.
“Please don’t.” I begged him.
Logan looked at me. “What’s going on Abigail?” 
“It’s just all a big misunderstanding Logan, that’s all.” Anna answered, trying to help me cover up the truth.
“I would have told you everything, there just hasn’t been time to –” I spoke, suddenly interrupted by Connell.
“Never mind the boy; Grayson made this mess, he can compel them both to forget later. So is this her Grayson? Answer me.” Connell questioned him, leading my brother to silently sit down and listen to the rest of the conversation.
“Grayson? I thought that was hard for you to do?” I looked at Him. . 
“Hard to do? I don’t know who told you that child but we can compel people quite easily. Grayson here is one of the best. You'll soon find out how good we are when we have to compel you to forget all of this. I bet he didn't tell you it hurts either, did he? It's painless for us really but agony for humans. Bad luck.” Connell continued. 
Grayson quickly moved in front of me. “No one will touch her.” 
I sighed. “You lied to me. That is what Isaac meant when he said you were powerful. What else can you do Gray?” 
“If I’d have told you the whole truth about it, you would have thought I’d used it on you. So I said I was bad at it, I couldn’t have you thinking that you only loved me because I made you. Yes, McKentire – Connell, this is my girlfriend and I insist you use her name to address her, it’s Abigail and as for a disgrace, you two are an embarrassment.” Grayson immediately defended me.
“Grayson, you can’t talk to him like that.” Maria was obviously scared for her son. 
“Oh shut up Maria, if he talks to Abigail like that, what does he expect?” Kaleb shouted, making his stance on our relationship known.
“Well – Kaleb, I would never have thought that you would endorse such a relationship, your father must be so proud, maybe it was for the best that you didn’t succeed your father in taking his place on the counsel after all.” McKentire sneered.
Rafe suddenly reached out for my hand. “His father couldn’t possibly be more proud of him than he is in this very moment you arrogant bastard. I thought exactly like you when I first met Abigail but seeing their love presented to me in a series of visions, I was persuaded to look the other way. They love each other as much as I loved my wife Mary and that’s all that matters to me now.” Rafe was trying to make amends. Although, I was shocked that he’d seen his grandson and me together in his visions, I could only hope that he’d seen the PG version of our relationship.
“We all agree with Grayson and Abigail’s relationship, it’s old-fashioned to not consider their feelings in all of this.” Aidan proclaimed, choosing his side.
“I can’t believe what I am hearing, Grayson you are promised to Faelyn we all agreed that she was the right match for you when you were eighteen, she’s waited for you for three years.” Connell interfered, his words still meaning nothing to Grayson.
“Abigail is my soul mate, she’s the one I belong with, I truly am sorry Faelyn but I’ve made my decision.” I could see Faelyn was devastated by Gray’s admission, I couldn’t possibly know how she felt. When I first saw her at the back of the room I couldn’t comprehend how Grayson could choose me over her. She was beautiful, a stunning, raven- haired goddess with blue eyes so icy cold they practically pierced straight through you.
“Do you all approve of their relationship? Raise your hand, who agrees with Grayson and Abigail’s association.” Connell ordered the group. To my amazement, everyone but Maria and Faelyn raised their hands in support of us. Somehow, Logan even found the strength inside himself to raise his hand, even after hearing our confusing discussion; maybe he was already suspicious from Ella’s behaviour. Maria locked on Grayson’s face and had no choice but to also raise her hand in acceptance.
“Well, I’m sorry to hear that. We will assist you Rafe in finding another hide out for you and your family based on your enviable successes on the counsel, but after that your family will be officially exiled – what a waste of the Hale bloodline. Oh and whether you like it or not, there will be more of us come and visit you. We won't allow any human to know about us, you must understand that.” McKentire declared.
There was an eerie silence resonating through the reception room, each of us distraught by the counsel’s decision, I couldn’t believe that his family were all finally behind our relationship. They were all willing to sacrifice so much for us. In spite of this, all I could think about in that instant was telling my brother everything and helping him come to terms with what he’d just heard, unfortunately there was no time for that. 
Out of nowhere, figures started to surface from the trees surrounding the Hale’s back garden. Through the enormous glass windows, we could see there were six large bodied men approaching the house. The family and I, all frozen in shock, were able to make out a few faces slowly emerging from the woodland; the person leading the pack was no other than Joseph, leader of the Lasair.









Chapter Twenty-Five

Hostility
 
The tribe of men advanced swiftly towards the house, I thought to myself, this is it; this is how I’m going to die. I’d become acquainted with death from a very young age, at one point I’d been to six funerals within a year, Riley’s mum included. It felt as if someone had just pressed a button to kill the people around me. When I was fourteen, a small part of me believed I was some sort of jinx, taking everyone down at the same time, looking back at the past few months, maybe I still was.
“Abigail, take Ella and Logan upstairs!” Grayson commanded. I loathed the idea of leaving him to fight the Lasair without me, but what else could I do? I  was only human. I quickly grabbed Ella and Logan’s hands to pull them upstairs but immediately our feet were immobilized, we couldn’t move! Our feet were stuck firmly to the ground; I looked back at the Hale’s attempting to seal off the doors. Joseph was staring at me through the window; I knew he was the one preventing us from moving.
“Abigail, what’s going on? I can’t move my feet.” Logan cried, clutching at my hand.
“Grayson!” I yelled, leading him to sprint over to Ella. He tried to lift his sister but she wouldn’t budge, Joseph was casting a spell on us. Whatever ominous plan he had, I was sure that he wanted me to be part of it.
“Let them go Joseph!” Grayson screamed, storming over to the windows.
“Fine, but if they try to leave again. I will kill your little sister.” Joseph uttered through the glass.
“Come out to play dogs.” A young man said, edging closer towards the door. Straight away, we were released from our dormant pose; thank God, we could move our legs again. I could see Leopold, the man who had once saved me; he was practically hiding behind his father. His guilty conscience was probably working overtime at seeing my face again. Although, this is presuming he has an actual conscience in the first place.
Unexpectedly, the Lasair began retreating from the house, allowing the Hales the space they needed to go outside. “We need to go out there.” Isaac spoke. 
“Ella, Abigail and Logan please stay inside. Counsel members, dad, you’re too important to risk. You stay here too.” Kaleb instructed. 
“Spoken like a true Hale, but we were born for this Kaleb. We go out there together.” McKentire surprisingly supported us all in the fight.
Rafe jumped in. “There’s no way I’m letting my family go out there without me.”
“Thank you.” Kaleb said, showing his respect to all of them. “Okay, we stick together, there are only six of them – we can do this.”
“They have their power. We have nothing.” Faelyn eventually spoke. 
“Don’t be such a child Faelyn. We can’t defeat them, but we can chase them off for now.” Anna showed her disdain for her.
“We don’t need any spells, we have family and our strength, that will be enough, you know what we are capable of!” Kaleb assured them, cautiously opening the glass door. The Hale clan watchfully paced outside, they stood in a row all across the decking floor, I guess to try to intimidate the Lasair who were now standing below them on the grass.
“Conan.” Grayson muttered, ogling the terrifying young man who had spoken earlier. Luckily  I could still hear everything that they were saying from inside the house, the glass windows must have been remarkably thin. 
“Grayson, I wish I could say it’s good to see you. It’s a shame; you’re not going to let the humans play with us?” Conan looked intently at us through the glass doors.
“Keep away from them.” Grayson snarled.
“Grayson, stay cool.” Aidan instructed him.
“Breathe dog; I have no intention of harming your sweet little human. My brother, Leopold, on the other hand must have some delightful plans in store for her, which I’m sure she’s likely to enjoy.” Conan spoke, leading Leopold to glance my way. He suddenly winked at me, almost telling me that this was all going to be okay. Who the hell was this man? 
“I can’t hear anything, Ella what are they saying?” Logan whispered.
“You mean, you can’t hear them?” I asked my brother, looking at him puzzled.
“No, can you?” He gazed up at me.
“Yes, clearly.” I wondered why my brother couldn’t hear them. 
“Well, what are they saying then?” Logan continued.
“Nothing good.” Ella answered quickly. “It’s probably for the best you don’t know.” The three of us watched on as we impatiently waited for someone to make the first move.
“Say that to me again.” Grayson bizarrely said to Conan.
“Conan! Not now!” Joseph yelled to his son, I could tell he wasn’t used to being the one in control.
“Grayson!” Rafe shouted, attempting to control his grandson.
“What’s wrong dog, your hearing gone? I said that my brother will rip Abigail apart, but in a good way of course,” Conan repeated, leading Grayson to change into his wolf in a rage.
He soared through the air, jumping powerfully off the wooden planks. The Lasair prepared themselves for a struggle as Grayson quickly descended on Conan. In response to Gray’s hasty transformation, the Hale clan had no choice but to change into their wolves and strike first at the Lasair. The string of them nose-dived immediately into the coven, challenging them to fight back. All of a sudden, Faelyn ran off into the woods leading on from the garden dodging the Lasair with every stride, her loyalty to the Hales had been broken and she had no intention of fighting with them. Anna was aware of Faelyn’s cowardice and instantly took after her in a bid to make her stay and fight bolstering the clan's numbers.
During the first moments of conflict, Grayson sank his teeth into Conan’s shoulder causing him to fall flat on his back. Maria focused on one of the younger members of the Lasair who couldn’t have been any older than eighteen. She mercilessly chewed at his hand, ripping it to shreds. The young man was able to use his power and hurl her through the air. Luckily, she managed to land on her feet and proceeded to help Rafe and Aidan concentrate on their defence. Colton loosened his muscles making his presence known, I could see his fur standing on end in a strong line all the way down his back to his thick neck, I don't know how he did it but he managed to make himself look even more menacing, I guess that was the point. I was so glad Riley wasn’t here to see this. Suddenly, a larger man attacked Colton furiously from the side ramming him straight into the outside table. Kaleb saw this and rushed to protect his son hurdling over everyone and gnawing at the back of the man. The two counsel members were circling Joseph, licking their lips in anticipation. I knew something wasn’t right, Joseph seemed too relaxed, calm even in response to the counsel’s antagonism. Without warning Joseph, separated his arms to each side tossing the wolves off his tribe. His power was extraordinary and formidable; he wanted the wolves to think they had a chance but he was toying with them. Joseph’s power sent the wolves straight to the ground. I noticed that Maria had fallen down on a metal pipe that was now spiking up from the soil causing a bleed in her abdomen.
Ella became aware of her mum’s injuries and transformed into a wolf before my eyes, heading towards the exit. She charged mightily through the door, shattering the glass into thousands of pieces.
“Ella! No!” Logan squealed, swiftly chasing after her. I reached out my hand quickly to grasp Logan’s T-shirt but he was too fast for me. In a frenzy, I pursued my brother outside. Ella began licking her mum’s wounds, fearing that something was seriously wrong. Grayson suddenly turned back into his human form and darted towards his mother in a bid to save her life. “We need to take the pipe out so that she can heal!” he shouted. Grayson released the metal pipe from Maria’s side, causing her to turn back into her earthly self. I figured that their emotions were linked to their power, when they felt an emotional intensity like pain or anger; it seemed to trigger their transformation. I spotted a blanket on one of the benches on the decking and hurried to fetch it. As Grayson was nursing his injured mother, Conan dragged him back over to where he was stood. I quickly moved back down the steps to cover Maria.
“Hold the material on her here Logan, press hard.” I instructed my brother, whilst I attempted to hide the rest of Maria’s naked body from the cold. I twisted my head to see what was happening to the rest of the Hale clan. The wolves and the Lasair were wrestling in combat; there was no sign of the fight stopping anytime soon. Ella continuously stared at her mother’s body, watching as she struggled to breathe. All of a sudden, Ella turned and jumped onto Joseph’s back, crunching into his neck.
“Ella!” I yelled, as Joseph’s hand moved to the side causing Ella’s young body to launch through the air and smash straight into a gigantic conifer tree. Ella looked up at the tree’s branches they seemed to be moving hastily to the side. All three of us noticed there was a break in the trunk and the tree was not far from plummeting to the ground. I could see in Maria’s face the horror and devastation she felt being unable to rescue her daughter. I knew that Grayson said his family were pretty much indestructible but from where I was standing; it didn’t look that way to me. In an effort to save Ella’s life, I stampeded over to the tree and somehow managed to pick her up in time. The wolves could hear the snapping of the trunk seconds before the Lasair and used this to their advantage, just before the trunk started to fall the wolves tried to position the Lasair right under the heavy branches. As the tree fell to the ground, the wolves pushed the Lasair right under it trapping them within the dark, heavy wood as they quickly scurried away from any danger.
Logan looked at me ecstatically, knowing that we had won. 
“You did it, they’re gone!” Logan shouted, leading the wolves to change back into their human bodies. We could see two members of the Lasair visibly flattened by the tree, but Kaleb wanted to make sure they were all dead.
“Wait, where’s granddad?” Colton cried, searching the garden for Rafe.
“I’m here, my legs got stuck.” Rafe explained, lying beneath one of the branches at the side so we were unable to see him. Fortunately, his leg hadn’t suffered too badly because the top of the tree was much lighter. Aidan managed to pull him out and led him to a wooden bench near the fence so he could start healing. 
“Oh no - Maria!” Kaleb hollered, dashing over to where she lay.
“I’ll be okay, it’s healing quickly Kaleb, don’t worry.” Maria told him sternly. After a few minutes with her husband, Maria regained a healthy breathing pattern and was beginning to heal much faster.
“Heal quickly?” Logan asked Maria.
She smiled. “Yes, we can heal ourselves exceptionally well.” 
“Good to know.” Logan arched his brows still in complete shock.
“Although, our power doesn’t stop the pain. Thank you Abigail for helping Ella.” Maria smiled at me. 
“You’re welcome.” I nodded. 
Abruptly, the tree started to move, lifting gradually in the air, it was Joseph. We could see that Leopold had survived, clutching one of the branches on the ground with another man who hadn’t made it. Conan was barely hanging on; his neck was pumping out blood.
“Miss me?” Joseph said sarcastically throwing the huge tree backwards further into the garden. All at once, Joseph magically generated a mammoth fire separating us from them. Suddenly, he pulled the two members of the counsel into the fire using his power and impeding us so we couldn’t help them, we could only sit and watch them burn.
“No! Please don’t!” Rafe begged him to stop. Joseph ignored our appeals for mercy and laughed at our misery. I began to cry, hearing their haunting screams as I covered my brother’s and Ella’s eyes from the horror.
“Who’s next? Perhaps that little brat!” Joseph pointed to Ella. Before, I could do anything; Logan immediately jumped in front of her and was thrown high up into the air before being hurled directly at the house wall.  Colton quickly changed back into his wolf form and jumped to my brothers’ rescue, catching one of Logan’s legs with his teeth. Logan quickly fell to the floor with Colton below him preventing any serious injury to my brother’s head. Colt distorted back into his human self and picked up Logan, quickly bringing him to me, Colton’s hands were covered in blood.
“Thank you Colt!” I spoke, repeating those words a thousand times, as he delivered Logan back to me. “Wait! Why is there so much blood?” I shouted hysterically.
“That wasn’t supposed to happen to him, I –” Joseph muttered quietly, shocked by Logan’s gallantry to save Ella.
“Abi, I think my leg’s hurt.” Logan murmured before falling unconscious. In a fright I looked down to check my brother’s leg, he was losing so much blood. Logan had a severe bite mark from where Colton had caught him mid-air with his mouth; I needed to get him to the hospital.
“I’m so sorry Abigail; it was the only way I could get to him in time.” Colton proclaimed out of guilt, holding pressure on Logan’s leg.
I stood, carefully passing my brother over to Colton as he kneeled down. I darted over to the fire in a rage. “You bastard! If he dies you’re dead, do you hear me you are dead! I will find a way to kill you myself!” I yelled viciously as Grayson picked me up from the waist, dragging me back from the fire.
“Stay away from him Abigail!” Leopold yelled, giving me that strange look again as though he was protecting me. 
“That wasn’t supposed to happen to your brother, you shouldn’t even be here Abigail. I’m under strict instructions not to harm you or Logan but at the moment with you talking to me like this you’re making it extremely difficult for me to keep that promise.” Joseph spoke. 
“Strict orders from who? What are you talking about?” I screamed at Joseph, frantically wanting some answers.
“Father, enough!” Leopold interrupted, causing Joseph’s head to turn around. “Do you even care that your son is dying here, we have to go!” Joseph hesitantly nodded to Leopold and then directed his attention back to us.
“I guess it’s your lucky day mutts, I trust this won’t be the last time we see each other, and my brother hasn’t even had a chance to play with you all yet.” Joseph muttered, chilling my bones with every word. All of a sudden, they were all gone leaving only a cloud of smoke trailing off into the sky. I couldn’t believe how powerful they were and that there had only been six of them. 
I couldn’t help but think that it was only by fluke we had survived. “I need to get Logan to the hospital now!” I said, fearing for my brother’s life.
 

Chapter Twenty-Six

The Unexpected

“We can take the car! It’ll be quicker than waiting for an ambulance.” Kaleb shouted, rushing up the decking stairs towards the house.
Anna came back through the forest yelling at the top of her voice. “I couldn’t find the little bitch, she completely lost me.” She quickly realised that my brother was injured. “Oh no, Logan!” 
“One of us needs to take him! We can get there faster!” Isaac screamed in panic. Immediately Grayson picked up my brother from the ground and raced through the back garden heading straight into the woods without saying a word to any of us. I’d never seen anything like it before; he shot off like a bullet, so fast that I barely saw him leave.
“Grayson!” I yelled after him, feeling Kaleb’s hand on my shoulder. Maria sprang up, proving that her injuries for the most part had healed.
“It’s okay Abigail, he will get him to the hospital faster than we ever could in a car, I promise, please don’t worry.” Maria assured me as I gazed off into the forest. “Right! Everyone to Kaleb’s car, it’ll fit us all in. Abigail, ring your mum and dad on the way.” She instructed whilst pressing my back, edging me away from the garden.
“What happened?” Anna asked me, reaching for my hand.
“Colton saved him from Joseph but he accidentally bit his leg, he was bleeding so badly.” I explained bursting out into tears leading Anna and Aidan to console me.
The ride over to the hospital felt like a nightmare, mum had trusted me to look after Logan and then I go and bring him into this mess. I should have kept him away from the Hales! Hell, I should have stayed away from the Hales, what was I even thinking, getting involved with these people, knowing what they were capable of. I sat there in the car for five minutes staring at my phone, feeling Maria’s beady eyes watching me from the passenger mirror, the truth was - I really didn’t want to ring my family.  I had no idea on how to explain what had just happened to my brother. Ella rested her head on my shoulder, weeping softly beside me. She reminded me of Logan, nothing else mattered but him. I found the courage to dial my mum’s number and impatiently waited for her to answer. “Mum! There’s been an accident, its Logan, he’s been bitten! I’m on the way to the hospital with the Hales to meet him now!” I yelled down the phone to her.
“What! Was it a wolf? Why aren’t you with him now?” She asked frantically.
“Mum, I’ll explain everything to you when we get to the hospital, I can’t right now.” I screamed, obviously still in shock.
“Okay, I’ll grab Konrad, your dad and I will meet you down there!” Mum spoke, quickly hanging up the phone.
“I’m dead! How could I let this happen?” I muttered under my breath. I was shaking, I couldn't stop shaking. 
“You couldn’t know Abigail.” Ella said kindly, trying to make me feel better, she only made me feel worse. 
I did know this was going to happen, as soon as Grayson told me about the Lasair, I had a choice to make and I chose to only care about myself and what I wanted. As I sat there silently reflecting on the decisions that had led me to this point, I suddenly realised that things weren’t quite adding up. I glanced back at my phone; I’d saved the symbol of the three rays of light as my screensaver, hoping that it would stick in my mind so I could figure out what it meant. My thumb scrolled the screen sideways, making the symbol clearer. My eyes were drawn to the small word in the corner of the image, ‘The Awen’.  How could I have missed that? Grayson kept on calling it the three rays of light, it never dawned on me that it could have also been called something else. Everything started to sink in. The Lasair were after me even before I had met Grayson, that first night I was alone with my brother, the intruder in my house was obviously sent by the witches, but why? Something Joseph had said kept eating away at me. “I’m under strict instructions not to harm you or Logan.” Instructions from who? Snapshots of what had happened started to flash quickly in my mind, the note that had been left on the windowsill, mum’s car that had been completely sabotaged, the writing on the mirror and all that stuff with Jackson! I finally knew who was doing all of this, how could I not have seen it?
“Oh my God!” I screamed in the car. “You have to get me there faster – Logan’s in danger!”
“What?” Isaac looked back at me. 
I needed to put pressure on Kaleb. “We need to go faster!” 
“What’s wrong Abigail?” I was obviously worrying Maria. 
I began to cry deeply into my hand, wiping my tears away with the sleeve of my cardigan, praying to God that I was wrong about my suspicions.
“I think I know who’s been doing everything to me; I just hope it’s not true.” I sat sobbing in the back seat so hard I was struggling to breathe. A few minutes later we arrived at the hospital, I raced inside and quickly located the reception desk. “I’m looking for my brother; he should have just been brought in by my boyfriend, Logan James Lawson.” 
“Let me just find his name – one minute.” The receptionist said searching through her records on the computer. “Yes, I’ve found it. I’m sorry but your brother is in intensive care now. Just wait here and I’ll get a doctor to come and see you.” 
The words intensive care kept on playing round and round in my head like lyrics to a song that wouldn't go away. Everyone knows that intensive care means critically ill. My sweet younger brother who has nothing to do with any of this. I pictured Logan in my mind needing constant medical attention just to keep his body functioning. He already had a bad heart, anything like this could bring on a heart attack or something else just as bad. He’s probably frightened, wondering where we are. I just couldn’t stop thinking about him lying on his bed, struggling to breathe and fighting for his life. I didn’t understand why he had to be intensive care and not surgery; he should be having surgery right now!
I stood there with the Hales for what must have been only a few minutes but it felt like a lifetime to me. I saw my mum and dad walking in through the automatic doors, my uncle Konrad trailing not far behind them. I glanced at my parents' faces filled with sadness and fear. I couldn’t look at them any longer as they approached us. My eyes however remained fixated on my uncle as he walked through the doors.
Konrad instantly noticed the Hale clan stood at the side of me, he stopped dead in his tracks. My uncle had done so well up to now at keeping his distance, it suddenly hit me in the car that Konrad had never been in the same room as any of the Hales. He had never even met Grayson; he’d always make some excuse to leave like he did when he dropped Logan off at home, Konrad dashed off back into the house as I was going outside to greet them. In the hospital he made sure, he visited me when the Hales weren't there. He had planned it all perfectly; I had to give it to him. 
My uncle had always talked about them, offering what I thought at the time was his protective opinion over my welfare but really he was manoeuvring me around like a chess piece. Konrad was the person Joseph kept talking about, the real leader of the Lasair.
The intruder at my house was obviously a warning of the things to come; he was trying to plant a seed that very first night so I’d link it to the arrival of the Hales the next day, which probably would have worked if I hadn't had the dream about Grayson for a month prior to his appearance. The driftwood covered in blood that magically was conjured up as I was having my first real meeting with Grayson. Konrad must have wrecked my mum’s car too, pretending he couldn’t fix it, I knew it was odd because my uncle has always had a way of ‘magically’ fixing things. 
He’s the one that left the note on my windowsill and my mirror, although I’m sure, he never meant for me to slip and fall in the bathroom. I wonder why he didn’t see that in his stupid crystal ball! Even though my stint in hospital must have actually worked out pretty well for him considering I was out-of-the-way for a while or maybe he thought he’d taken it too far when I’d got hurt. After all, the threats completely stopped as soon as I got home from the hospital, perhaps he still cared about us in his own way, in spite of everything. I should have seen it earlier. The biggest clue of all was that bloody symbol he used on the note to sign his name. Suddenly, I found myself seeing one of my earlier memories as a child. I was about fourteen and because Logan was ill at the time, he was understandably always getting the attention. My uncle decided to take me out along the beach, to get away from it all. We spotted these little craft stalls selling trinkets and souvenirs for the tourists. On one of the stalls, there was a woman claiming to be a psychic. I begged my uncle to let me have my cards read, he was reluctant to let it happen, but eventually he gave in. The fortuneteller was stating the obvious until she got to the part about me loving to sing. I remember smiling back at Konrad thinking she was the real deal, she told me that I was an Awen, that I was someone’s big inspiration, a girl born to do something very special with her life. She never showed me a symbol and I never thought to look it up afterwards. My uncle told me that I was his inspiration; we were always closer after that, I suppose that’s why he used it. I had forgotten all about that memory until now. 
My uncle was obviously trying to keep us safe ordering the Lasair not to touch me or my brother in the fight with the Hales, but still – I hated him, how could he do this to our family, to my mum for God’s sake and how could I not have seen it sooner. Konrad sent a fleeting look my way, seeing my tear soaked eyes left in the wake of his actions. For a second I saw the Uncle that had always been there for me; the one person that I could always depend on. In an instant, all of that began to fade away revealing a monster that had been hiding underneath my bed, all along, without me realising it.
Immediately, becoming aware of the fact that I knew who he really was, Konrad looked at me one last time; his eyes were unchanging. I half expected him to transform somehow but he didn’t, he still looked like the same man that I had trusted from the very first day I was brought into this world. A few people were entering the building, completely blocking Konrad from my view.  By the time they had rushed through the doors, my uncle had already disappeared. 
“Dad, that’s –” Isaac was trembling with concern.
I knew they all recognised him. “That was my uncle Konrad; he was the one doing everything all along.” 
“He’s your uncle? How is that even possible?” Maria spoke. 
“His real name is William, Abigail and he was never your uncle, you’re not Lasair. You can’t even be related. Your grandparents will have adopted him.” Rafe answered, troubling me even more. Konrad had never even been my real uncle; I wonder if mum knew he was adopted.
“William was hiding with you, right under our noses.” Kaleb obviously felt defeated. My mum and dad quickly stopped our conversation as they reached us at the reception desk.
My mum was hysterical. “Where’s Logan?” 
“I was just about to come and get you all, everyone can come upstairs to the intensive care unit but only family can see him for now, the rest of you will have to sit in the waiting room.” The doctor instructed clearly. 
None of us spoke to each other all the way to the second floor, most likely out of respect for the doctor escorting us. Mum probably wanted to tell me off in the waiting room alone, away from the polite staff that were helping her son. Instead, she just grabbed my hand, holding it tightly for the entire ride in the elevator. She must have been worried; mum hadn’t even noticed that Uncle Konrad was no longer with her.
The elevator doors opened, revealing Grayson pacing through the floor of the waiting room. “Grayson how is he?” My mum asked, quickly coming out of the lift.
“They’re not telling me anything because I’m not family, he was just covered in blood, and he wouldn’t wake up.” Grayson was in a daze, holding his hands to his head.
“Please wait here.” The doctor said, rushing through to intensive care.
“What happened to my son?” Dad asked, obviously fearful of what we were going to tell him.
“He was bitten by a wolf.” Colton tried his best to give them a fraction of the truth.
“I don’t understand, how?” Mum wiped away the tears from her eyes with the back of her hand.
“We were eating in the garden, Ella and Logan were playing near the back of the house where our garden leads on to the woods and it just came out of nowhere. We managed to get it off him really quickly but it had already bitten his leg.” Maria described, showing how good a liar she actually was. If I didn’t dislike her as much as I do, I would have actually been impressed.
“In the garden? It's freezing out! Oh! Never mind it's my own fault; I should never have let him go in the first place.” Mum cried into dad’s chest.
“It’s not your fault, it’s not anyone’s fault, the only one to blame is that damn wolf.” Dad muttered, causing Colton to sit down. Guilt was obviously lying heavily on his heart. I could see that he was hurting badly as I caught his eyes with mine; I smiled back at him softly hopefully assuring him that I didn’t blame him, not one little bit.
The same doctor, as before headed back towards us, seeming quite concerned. “Okay, so here’s what’s happened so far. When Logan first came in, his bite injury was our priority, it luckily hadn’t hit an artery despite all of the blood that you were seeing so we were able to stitch that up quite easily. However, we are aware of his medical history and unfortunately, when Logan went into shock it put a tremendous amount of pressure on his heart which caused a blood clot to form. Now the clot isn’t big enough to block the blood flow completely through his coronary artery. Currently we are giving him thrombolytic medicines, called clot busters to hopefully dissolve the clot. We have given him a light sedative to help his body relax and prevent him from more stress. This means he will be unable to talk to you right now, but you are more than welcome to talk to him as he can hear your voices, I’m sure he would like that – please just family though.” The doctor explained. I’m normally not any good with all of the technical mumbo jumbo that medical professionals come out with, it usually seems like they try to confuse you so you don’t actually understand what’s going on. This doctor was different; he was trying to be as clear as he possibly could. I knew then my brother was in good hands.
Mum and dad hurried into Logan’s ward, I moved towards Grayson as he stood up and gave me a hug knowing that this was probably the worst thing I’d ever had to do in my life. I smiled at his family before walking to the ward behind mum and dad; I knew that the Hales would probably be able to hear what we were saying anyway.
“Oh baby, what’s happened to you?” Mum said gently, I could hear her from outside the door. I breathed in heavily and walked into Logan’s room. Seeing him lying there literally knocked the wind out of my sails. I’d seen the kid in hospital before but this was entirely different, now he had to struggle to survive. I couldn’t stop the tears from falling, he looked so helpless and I couldn’t stand seeing him like that, because Logan was usually none of those things.
“Hi son, its dad – I don’t think we have long with you before they kick us out of here so I’m just going to tell you what I couldn’t say to you before. I’m sorry that I’ve not been a good dad to you and Abigail. I was managing my pain of losing your mum and my dear friend and it just became easier to become someone else rather than stay and fight for the things that I really needed in my life. I made you pay for my mistakes. You and your sister are the best things that I’ve ever done in my whole life, I love you more than anything and I want to make the last three years up to you, so you have to be okay, do you hear me? You have to fight Logan.” Dad spoke before crying out in pain. Mum pulled dad close to her chest to console him, she was trying to hold us all together.
Mum stroked her son’s hair. “Logan, my sweet boy – You are everything that I’ve ever wanted in a son, you’re the most perfect thing on the planet. I remember when you were three and you accidentally fell into Abigail’s pool and scared me half to death. Your sister rescued you within seconds, you’ve always looked out for each other and that’s why you can’t leave her yet because one of you doesn’t belong without the other, right? I have two children. Our family for the last three years has been this mechanical monster, handling things strongly together as we went along. I guess what I’m trying to say – badly I might add, is that I can’t do any of this without you; I don’t belong here without you, so you need to get better for us. I want us to be a whole family again with your dad and we will be the best bloody family anyone has ever seen, but I need you Logan. I’ve never loved anything as much as I love you and your sister, so please come back to me. I can’t lose you. I won’t survive it.” Mum moved her head towards my dad’s shoulder.
I guessed it was my turn to say something but I really had no clue what to say, after all, it was my fault. I gathered my thoughts and just started to speak. “Hi Logan - it’s Abigail, but you probably already knew that. I love you so much - you’re the best brother I could have ever wished for – the truth is besides Riley you’re probably my best friend and that’s why I need you now to fight, more than anything else in the world because you can’t leave me here alone, I don’t want to be alone!” I screamed out, falling to my knees in agonising pain. Mum and dad had to practically lift me outside and hand me to Grayson; I could feel his arms carrying me all the way to my seat. I sat there for ten minutes holding Grayson’s hand before nurses edged my parents out of my brother’s room. Mum came straight over to me and touched my face; I gently moved my face towards her hand.
“You should ring Riley and tell her to get down here.” Mum said causing me to get the phone out of my pocket.
Suddenly, an alarm came on, deafening everyone that was in the waiting area. Two nurses and a doctor went rushing into Logan’s room, they started shouting for the other members of staff to go and help them. In those moments I didn’t feel much of anything, you’d think I’d have felt sheer horror or devastation but I just didn’t, I felt completely numb and I could only watch as they tried vigorously to save my brother’s life. I heard one of the doctors shout out the word defib and we all knew that my brother was dying. A nurse came out, moved us away from the window, and tried to escort us all to one of the private rooms. My mum and dad were literally kicking and screaming to stay with Logan, so much so it took three attendees to push us all into one room; all we had to do then was wait.
Fifteen minutes later, one of the senior doctors came to see us all in the family room; the expression on his face was enough to convince me that my brother had just died.
“I’m so sorry; there was nothing else we could do.” The doctor spoke compassionately, leading us all to cry out in agony, even the Hales who had only known my brother a short while were inconsolable. Ella fell into her mother’s arms, screaming that she didn’t even get to say goodbye to him. My parents fell to the ground suffering, Kaleb and Maria tried to comfort them but nothing at that point could have worked to get them to stand up. I collapsed into the door handle, unable to catch my breath; Aidan quickly caught me and handed me over to Grayson. He held my head devotedly as I glanced down to see my mum and dad still on the ground in total despair. I still couldn’t believe it; for the first time in my life I was without any sensation, I felt anesthetized.
My brother was dead.
 
 
 
 
 
 



Chapter Twenty-Seven

Redemption
 
The doctor continued to give us all a detailed analysis of what had happened to Logan, in uncomplicated terms, he’d suffered a cardiac arrest - his heart just gave up. He explained that he wasn’t going to issue my brother’s Death Certificate quite yet as  he wanted to conduct a post mortem, I guessed that would happen, after all he was bitten by a wolf. He described how Logan would be moved downstairs to the hospital mortuary if any of us wanted to say our last goodbyes to him.
I spent over an hour in the chapel room, contemplating whether to go and see my brother one last time as they took him down to the mortuary, that’s where everyone else went. I could see the disappointment written all over my mum’s face because I wasn’t going with her, but thankfully, she didn’t have the energy to fight with me. I persuaded Grayson to go with them, in support of Ella who hadn’t stopped crying since she heard the news. The past few months were persistently playing through my head as I stared at the blank TV screen ahead of me. I slowly held my fists to my mouth, forcing out a silent scream, attempting to release some of my anger, it didn’t work. How can someone be able to feel so much pain but feel so numb at the same time? It was as if I was slipping away gradually out of existence.
I steadily pulled my legs up on the seat, positioning myself in the foetal position, hugging my knees to calm me. I heard the wooden door creak open, much to my annoyance; it was Grayson staring back at me with pity in his eyes.
“Abigail, I just need you to listen to me, what happened to Logan is not your fault, none of it is. You need to come down to the mortuary with me, it’s important that you say goodbye baby – please.” Grayson said gently, doing his best to encourage me out of the room.
“Did you ring Riley like I told you too?” I spoke quickly, taking Grayson by surprise.
“Yes, I did but there was no answer – did you hear what I said Abigail?” 
“Yes, I heard Grayson! I just don’t think I can do that right now.” I moved my head away from his hand.
“Okay, well I’m going to try to get your parents to eat something or at least make them have a drink. I’ll be at the cafeteria upstairs, Ella’s still down there saying goodbye with my dad if you change your mind.” He kissed the back of my head. I could sense he was lingering outside for a few more minutes, waiting for me but I didn’t want to go out whilst he was stood there.
I turned my head around so I could see the door; I couldn’t see anyone through the narrow window. I shifted my legs back down to the floor, my limbs felt as heavy as rocks, each movement harder than the next. I walked towards the door and checked that Grayson wasn’t outside, if I was going to do this – I wanted to do it on my own. I cautiously edged out of the doorway; two nurses smiled at me in sympathy, everyone on that floor knew I was the girl whose brother had just died.
I had no clue where I was going, I figured that the hospital mortuary had to be down in the basement somewhere, so I staggered to the elevator barely being able to breathe. In the lift, there was a sign, stating the mortuary was on level B, which was just above the car park. As I pressed the key to take me down there, I couldn’t help imagining how Logan would look. I’ve only seen one dead body in my whole life and that was my grandma, my mum’s mum. I remember her looking like some sort of wax doll, she didn’t seem real, my grandma’s body seemed to have lost any connection to her soul, and she was a shell, a vessel without a life force. I learned in my heart that day that God existed and that her soul had reached some higher plain, I just felt it.
The elevator opened, the air was colder down here. I could feel the chill hitting my face as I stepped out of the lift. Silently, I crept down the corridor, thankfully seeing Kaleb and Ella standing outside a huge glass window, at least then I knew I was in the right place.
“Abigail, I’m so sorry for your loss.” Kaleb walked towards me. He quickly gave me a soothing hug as I glanced through the window to look at my brother.
“Why is there no staff down here?” I asked, quickly releasing his body.
“I’ve got a lot of strings around here Abigail, they’re on a break.” In other words, he had compelled them all to leave us alone. 
“Of course.” I looked through the glass.
I thought I’d cry, lose it radically, but I didn’t. I just watched him, pressing my hands against the glass to feel closer to him. There wasn’t a word created yet in the dictionary to describe how I felt in that moment. I couldn’t understand how I was supposed to get through any of this and carry on living. I just wanted the world to stop spinning. As harsh, as it sounds I needed everyone to just stop what they were doing, just stop rushing about, because my brother was dead!
The closest feeling that I could even possibly compare to this was that of a time my family and I went on holiday. We went to America when I was fifteen; it was barely a year after Riley’s mum had died. Dad decided to take us on a once in a lifetime trip, obviously attempting to ease our pain of losing a dear friend. Two hours into our flight, to everyone’s horror a fire had started at the back of the plane. Logan and I were sat in the middle of our parents holding each other’s hands, we could smell the smoke coming through the passenger seating. The plane quickly began to descend causing my feet to jolt up in reaction to the speed of coming down. Everyone was screaming madly, trying to get their oxygen masks on their faces. One of the first things they tell us when you get in an aircraft is when the masks fall down, you should fix your own before helping anyone else, and this rule didn’t really work for me.
As soon as the masks dropped, I assisted Logan with his mask. My mum nudged me forcefully in protest, wanting me to put mine on to begin with, but I ignored her. I fastened my mask and I was able to breathe easier, Logan and I gazed at one another and his eyes told me everything I needed to know, that we were going to be alright and we were going to live. The plane began stabilising, giving us a sense of balance again on the aircraft. Luckily, the fire was contained and the flight staff were then able to put it out. My brother always told me everything was going to be alright, he was the calm one who kept my overactive emotions under control and now that was gone.
Even when under extreme pressure to save my life, I would always put my younger brother first, always. I think that’s why I was being much colder with Grayson because when he was concerned, I didn’t put Logan first and that’s why he died, because of me. Ella was still crying wildly expressing her grief for Logan, I walked over to her, hugging her from behind and she quickly turned around to face me, holding my body tightly. I rested my head on top of hers for over ten minutes, touching her head with my right hand. Funnily enough it was easier to console someone else than directly dealing with my loss.
“Come on Ella, let Abigail say goodbye on her own, we’ll be at the cafe if you need us Abi.” Kaleb explained, as Ella reluctantly released me from her grip. They moved to the elevator, looking back at me as they walked down the hallway. As soon as I heard the elevator climb, I knew then that I was alone. I could smell the stench of chemicals that they must use to preserve the bodies, it was almost enough to make me sick. My brother was lying on a stainless steel table, the industrial tiles on the walls and floors made it seem so impersonal.
The more that I stared at my brother; the more that I felt sick, my stomach all of a sudden felt unbearable. I crouched down to ease my abdomen; my body was reacting to the pain of losing Logan. After a few minutes, it started to ease and I warily stood up again inhaling slowly. As I looked back through the window to where Logan was, I noticed something strange was happening to his leg. I moved my head closer to the glass to see what was happening to my brother. To my amazement, his veins started to turn black, as if a poison was forcefully running through him. I couldn’t move; I was completely absorbed by what was happening to his body, the black toxin began moving faster, quickly making its way to Logan’s heart. I should have called out for someone, but I couldn’t speak and something inside me was telling me not to, so I just watched. I progressed to the glass door as it beeped loudly activating itself. I reached for the handle and to my surprise, it opened without any difficulty.
I ran to my brother’s body, I don’t know why but I tightly held his hand almost as if I was wishing him back to life. The venom was now surrounding his heart, I kept looking towards the glass window afraid of one of the staff coming back from wherever Kaleb had sent them and I didn’t know how long his power would work for. Without warning, Logan gasped for air causing me to shoot back into one of the metal tables at the side of the room.
“Oh my God, Logan!” I screamed. His eyes snapped open, revealing gold iris’s that were eagerly searching around the room. Logan's eyes locked on to mine, sending me a soft smile my way.
“Abi, where are we?” His eyes were unnerving me as he spoke. I couldn’t believe I was talking to my brother again after what had just happened only hours before.
“You don’t remember anything?” I asked, still in total disbelief.
“No, why? What happened? Why are you crying?” The blackness in his veins suddenly began to fade away.
Logan’s body started to change. His skin was quickly turning a dark greyish colour and then instantly it would be gone. Logan lifted himself up off the table. He raised his hand up to his mouth, obviously feeling some discomfort in his jaw, he opened his lips displaying his teeth. I jumped back in a fright. We both looked at each other as Logan touched his huge canine teeth that were now emerging from his gums. His finger nails became longer, almost like they were changing into claws, then all at once they’d become normal again. There was no question about it, my brother was transforming into a wolf.
We needed to move fast. I searched all the cabinets for any sort of clothing that Logan could wear. I found some green overalls stuffed inside and threw them at him urging him to put them on. I hunted for a way out of there without using the elevator, I couldn’t risk anyone seeing Logan alive and there wasn’t time to call any of the Hales. After Logan had dressed, he leapt off the table and started to sniff peculiarly through the corridor; he noticed a row of metal lockers. He turned his head to the side glaring at them, almost as a dog does when they find something interesting. Logan immediately pushed them further down the wall uncovering a door that was obviously used as fire escape at some point.
He grabbed my hand tightly and led me towards the door; I didn’t even have time to comprehend the newfound strength that he’d just used. Logan warily opened it; it looked like the stairs were heading towards the car park in the basement. We ran down the steps, thankfully, we were right and arrived straight in the middle of the car park. I heard voices coming towards us; I noticed there was a ticket machine right next to where we were standing. Logan in a hurry picked me up powerfully and dragged me behind one of the cars; I noticed how much his body had changed. My brother’s muscles were now prominent and strong, he looked like Logan but completely different, it was so weird. As we waited for them to leave, Logan had his own ideas of how to get us out of here. He managed to break in to one of the smaller cars, although he had to wait until his claws appeared again to do anything; he didn’t seem fazed by any of this, which began to worry me.
I manoeuvred myself into the driver’s seat and waited for Logan to get in the car. I had no idea on how to hot wire a car and neither did my brother, which was clear to see. Bizarrely, the car just started on its own, just like the door in the mortuary when it suddenly activated. Perhaps, Logan had some sort of power that enabled electricity or something; we both glanced at each other fascinated with the car. Whilst Logan was looking at me, I could see that his ears were becoming more pointed and a canine snout began to appear on his face, his transformation was happening faster, I needed to get him to Grayson’s house and then I could call them home to help me with him.
Suddenly, it hit me that I hadn’t even passed my driving test yet, I kept on putting it off every time my driving instructor signed me up for the God damn thing, you wouldn’t even believe the excuses I used. I glanced over to the side mirror to see another person walking towards the ticket machine; I knew that I had no choice but to drive the car for Logan’s sake.
Everything was fine for the ten minutes we were on the road and then out of nowhere Logan started choking heavily winding down his window to catch his breath. He was touching his throat, I could barely understand him. I managed to hear the word water, so I pulled up to the nearest supermarket.
“I won’t be a minute; I’ll get you some!” I shouted at Logan, whilst getting out of the car in a panic. The automatic, glass doors slid open allowing me to run over to the fridge doors. I grabbed a basket from the end of one of the aisles and filled it to brim with water bottles; I guessed dehydration must be one of the side effects when a human transforms. I needed Grayson, who was I kidding? I had no clue what I was doing with Logan, none whatsoever. Then, my mobile phone started to vibrate in my pocket; it could have been one of them ringing from the hospital so I answered it, quickly putting my basket on the floor and turning to face the entrance of the store.
“Hello?” I said quickly, no one answered. There was definitely someone on the other line but they wouldn’t say anything. No doubt, it was the Lasair intimidating me again but I hadn't time for it, I picked up the basket and headed towards the till. Luckily, there was a person to pack my bags for me whilst I kept my eye on Logan in the car from the supermarket window. I collected the two bags, all filled with water, two huge chocolate bars and a packet of sweets that I just had to throw in whilst I was standing at the till and headed back to the car. I ran back and handed a water bottle straight to Logan and he began guzzling it down in a hurry eager for the next. I got back into the car and dropped the bags on Logan’s side, so the water was easy enough for him to reach. I continued driving to the Hale mansion, worrying with every minute that went past about my brother’s rapid alterations. As soon as we reached the driveway, I somehow knew Logan was going to be fine.
Whilst still in the car I quickly contacted Grayson, holding the phone up to my ear. “Grayson, it’s me – you all need to come home now! You have to bring my mum and dad too, Logan’s not dead.” I yelled to him, as Logan looked at me confusingly. 
“What are you talking about Abigail?” Luckily judging from his question I knew that the hospital hadn’t found out that my brother was gone yet. Kaleb’s power must be strong, I thought pinching myself back into reality. “He started turning in the mortuary whilst he was on the table, he’s transforming into one of you Grayson – it’s happening right now! He keeps changing and then stopping, is that normal?” I worried for my brother.
“Abigail, that’s impossible, our kind doesn’t change like that – it’s a myth! We can’t transform through biting or scratching.” 
“Well you should tell my brother that because he is on the verge of turning into a black wolf.” I was getting annoyed with Grayson’s attitude.
“What did you say? A black wolf! What colour are his eyes when they turn?” 
I sighed. “They keep changing to a bright gold colour, why? Is that bad?” 
“We’ll be right there Abigail don’t move, in the meantime try to keep him hydrated, his first time will be bad. There’s a key under the red stone in the front garden, let yourself in and just make sure he keeps drinking.” Grayson ordered hanging up the phone.
I put the phone down to my knee; Logan was still staring at me. “What’s happening to me?”
“You’re turning Logan. What’s the last thing you remember?” I didn’t want to scare him.
“I remember more now, we were in the garden and those men were attacking us. The Hales, they all turned into wolves and those men – they were – witches or something. The older one tried to hurt Ella and then he attacked me. Colton, he saved me.” Logan looked right passed my face, almost as if he was in a daydream.
“That’s right, but he accidentally bit you Logan, he couldn’t catch you quick enough any other way and then you fell unconscious and your heart stopped in hospital, you died. That’s why we were in the mortuary when you woke up and now it looks like you’re transforming into one of them. We’ll know more about it when the Hale’s explain it to us properly.” I tried to help my brother understand. 
“So, mum and dad, they think I’m dead?” 
“Well, I’m hoping on the journey over here, Grayson is trying to tell them that you’re not dead, so it won’t be as much of a shock to them when they see you here.” I touched Logan’s shoulder.
“Of course it’s going to be a shock Abigail; I was dead for God’s sake – what a stupid thing to say. Now what rock did he say, the red one?” Logan jumped out of the car heading towards the front garden.
“You mean, you heard our conversation?” 
“Yep, I guess it must be a new perk from being a wolf.” He smiled confidently; I was amazed at how well he was handling all of this.
“You’re not a wolf yet; we need to know more about this.” 
“Well I will be, I can feel it happening to me.” Logan confessed opening the door with the key.
“And that’s exactly what I’m afraid of.”  I admitted closing the front door behind us.


Chapter Twenty-Eight

Transformation

I was practically forcing water down my brother’s throat when I heard a car pull into the driveway.
“Stay here.” I instructed Logan, unaware of what Grayson had told my parents whilst they were travelling over here. I ran to the hallway to greet them, when Grayson caught my shoulders stopping me from going any further.
“Where is he?” Mum questioned me, pushing herself through the door. My dad followed her, visibly frightened of seeing Logan alive. Obviously, Grayson had told them a lot in their fifteen-minute car ride.
“He’s in the kitchen, it’s through there.” I said, pointing along the corridor.
“What did you tell them?” I asked Grayson quietly, letting him kiss my cheek.
“I told them what I told you and I’ve got to say they’re coping with it a lot better than you did.” He laughed, as we waited for the rest of his family to get out of the car.
Suddenly, we heard my parents scream out in joy, elated by Logan’s presence.
“Hi Abi, I’m so happy for your family.” Anna cried, hugging me as she entered the house along with Aidan.
“Well isn’t this something kid.”  Rafe said smiling at me, pinching the bottom of my chin with enthusiasm. Maria didn’t say anything to me, she just pulled me close to her chest, embracing me in front of everyone – this was a first.
“I’m glad he survived Abigail.” Isaac squeezed me tightly, his hug was far too firm, and it almost made me wish for the old Isaac to come back, almost.
“I’m so sorry.” Colton said, shoving everyone out-of-the-way to console me.
I grinned. “Its fine Colt, he’s fine.”
“Well – that’s not exactly true.” Kaleb uttered whilst walking through the entrance.
I scoffed. “What do you mean?” 
Kaleb edged towards the living room. “Get your parents and Logan Abigail, I think it’s time we all had a talk.” He seemed more troubled than usual.
Everyone made their way through to the lounge, I insisted on my parents and Logan moving to the next room so they could ask any questions they had, I’m sure there were many. We sat there for a few minutes, Kaleb hesitantly waiting for us to be comfortable. Grayson tugged me close onto his seat, making me laugh by pulling me off the arm of his chair.
“Kathryn – Henry, I’m sure you have many questions you want to ask us about what we told you in the car.” Kaleb spoke quickly. “But what I really need to say right this minute, concerns just Logan. It’s important you know that in our pack’s history of transformation none of our kind have ever turned anyone by blood transference, it’s a complete myth in our culture.” 
“So what does that mean for Logan, why’s he the first one? Not that I’m complaining, whatever you have done for him has brought him back to us.” Mum responded, smiling at dad.
“That’s what I’m trying to say, we didn’t try and make this happen, it just did. There’s a legend that’s been circling our breed since I can remember, the fable of the black wolf. Now from Logan’s back and fourth erratic transformation, I can see that his skin is changing to a darker colour, there’s a chance that Logan is the guardian.” Kaleb announced, raising even more questions in our minds.
“Can we all stop talking about me as if I’m not even here please, what’s a guardian?” Logan was beginning to get irritated. 
“I apologise Logan.” Kaleb said, allowing Rafe to interrupt. 
“There’s not a chance Kaleb, he is the guardian – the first wolf to be transformed not from birth but from a blood rebirth will be the guardian, how much clearer does our history have to be -”
“What the hell is a guardian!” Dad shouted, surprisingly pulling a sense of order back into the discussion.
After a few seconds of complete silence brought about from dad’s outburst, Rafe finally explained. “The guardian is created to protect the last king of our kind. The last king is supposedly going to end the war with the Lasair indefinitely, its Logan’s job to make sure that happens by protecting him.”
“I’ve never even heard of the guardian.” Colton spoke. 
“I taught you boys all about it when you were younger, do you ever listen Colt?” Kaleb said, confronting Colton’s laziness.
“I’m sorry – can we get back on track here, who is the last king that he needs to protect?” Mum jumped in quickly before anyone else could.
“Was there ever a first king?” I asked. 
“We don’t know Abigail; the last king is just a legend from our kind. It’s just what it’s always been called.” Rafe answered me.
“He’s not been born yet, although judging from Logan’s age, we now suspect the king will be born within the next twenty years or so, which gives us a slight time frame. Until then Logan can learn from us, we can teach him to control his power and his changes.” Kaleb assured my mum of Logan’s welfare.
“Wait – erm, that’s great and all, but you said yourself that’s in at least twenty years from now so can we possibly focus on the question that I have now which is - when will I turn into a wolf? Because this transforming stuff is stupid, my body can’t decide what it’s doing!” Logan yelled, visibly upset with his body’s rate of change.
“We don’t know Logan, I wish we could answer you but you’re the first to transform this way so we have nothing to compare it to, it’s just going to be a waiting game I’m afraid.” Kaleb spoke softly trying not to anger my brother anymore.
“Are you kidding? No, that’s not good enough!” Logan screamed, obviously his testosterone was running through the roof.
All of a sudden, Logan’s hair started to grow; black fur began emerging from his skin. His bones drastically changed shape, extending and lengthening his limbs. My brother’s transformation was nothing like the Hales, they were able to shape shift easily into their counterparts, and Logan’s change was horrifying to watch. As he started to cry out in pain, Rafe and Isaac ushered my parents and Ella out of the room, fearful of their actions whilst Logan was suffering in agony. I wanted to be with him when he transformed, he needed to know I was there. His bones were breaking in to place, rupturing his skin as they moved across his body; I wondered when this awfulness would end. Logan’s eyes were the last thing to shift; a bright yellow glow seemed to stem from his pupils. Finally, he collapsed on the wooden floor visibly exhausted. He was now a wolf. I ran straight over to him holding his body, eager to comfort him. He was much bigger than the Hales were and I couldn’t help but think - as he got older, how much larger would he grow? There was no doubt in my mind that he was now the guardian in which the Hale’s had just discussed.
Logan turned his beastly head towards me gazing into my eyes, he was still my brother. He immediately licked my face, obviously seeing the funny side of his transformation.
“Logan stop it!” I cried, laughing nervously reacting to his tongue pressing heavily against my skin. He continued licking my face, tickling me all over my neck playfully; my parents must have heard my chuckling because moments later they opened the door.
“Logan.” Mum whispered, visibly in shock from her son’s appearance. He instantly turned around to see mum and scuttled towards the door in excitement, causing her to back away in fright. My brother realised his brazen approach had scared our parents and slowly laid down in front of them hoping to soften the situation. I fixed my eyes on Kaleb’s face out of concern for Logan’s feelings, he quickly moved his head forward urging me to look back at the door way. My dad reached out his hand to touch Logan, he gently moved his head into dad’s palm indicating to them that everything was okay. Mum must have sensed Logan’s feelings because she hesitantly knelt to comfort him, stroking his beautiful fur. 
“How long will this last?” Dad asked, staring at Kaleb.
“We don’t know, I have no idea. Usually a wolf’s first transformation is harder to come out of and they’re like this for around three days.” He explained.
“Three days, seriously?” Mum cried. 
Isaac paced towards Logan. “Hold on, let me try something.” 
“What are you doing son?” Kaleb asked him confused by Isaac’s actions.
“I think I have an idea, I’ve sort of been working on something.” He held the front of Logan’s head. “Logan, listen to me, look me straight in the eyes.” Isaac continued talking about practically nothing, lulling my brother into a false sense of security. As he spoke, Isaac carefully released his belt from his pants, holding the gold buckle in his right hand. Suddenly, Isaac quickly jabbed Logan’s paw with the point of the buckle drawing blood, forcing my brother to howl. 
“What are you doing, are you crazy!” Dad yelled in a rage.
Isaac opened the black cross around his neck, it was a locket with a dried out plant inside. “Give me a minute.” 
Logan began to growl at Isaac. “Hold on Logan, I promise this will work.” He pressed the plant on my brother's wound.
“Is that what I think it is? What are you doing?” Grayson screamed at him, obviously knowing something we didn’t. Isaac quickly removed the plant causing my brother to crumble to the floor, lying on his side.
“What have you done?” Maria rushed to Logan’s body.
“Just wait – for God’s sake, trust me.” Isaac declared, leading Kaleb to stop Maria.
Suddenly Logan began to change again, but this time his wolf form was fading, bringing him back to us. The reversal was extremely quick and painless; thankfully, my brother woke up a few minutes later immediately hugging Isaac, causing him to fall back on the floor in laughter.
“You’re welcome kid.” Isaac laughed. .
“What was that?” Logan asked him with a smile.
Isaac grinned. “Wolf’s bane, I’ve been practicing with it for a while now, trying to control my powers on a different level. It seems to work for me when I’ve pushed myself a bit too much; I thought it would work for you.”
“What do you mean practising?” Kaleb continued.
“What do you mean pushing yourself too much?” Maria asked bemused at her son’s secrecy.
“I just think we are capable of more and I’m trying things out, it’s safe what I’m doing.” Isaac justified.
“Yeah, it sounds like it when you need wolf's bane to bring yourself back.” Colton uttered sarcastically mocking his brother’s behaviour.
“Will you train me?” Logan said, directing his question to Isaac.
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea, I’m not sure your parents would like that.” He looked down at the floor.
“I think it’s a good idea, he needs to learn right? Logan’s different from the rest of you, it might be good to push him a little more.” Dad answered, causing everyone to look at him curiously.
“Really?” Logan asked, gazing at mum.
Mum sighed. “Erm if your dad thinks it’s a good idea, then why not. I want to be here when he practices though, got it?”
“Yes, definitely.” Isaac smiled back at Logan.
“We’ll all be there; I want to see some more of Isaac’s suggestions.” Kaleb expressed, clearly proud of his son’s initiative.
“Can we get something to eat now?” Logan asked out of nowhere, obviously concentrating on his stomach’s cry for food. His forwardness made everyone laugh, releasing some of the tension from the room.
“Of course, what do you fancy Logan? – For once I don’t think it would hurt if we all ordered something to eat.” Maria said kindly, trying to make an effort with my family.
“Pizza! Please.” Logan shouted grinning at Ella.
“Pizza it is then.” Maria walked towards the hallway to get the phone.
“Kathryn and Henry, I think considering what’s happened with the Lasair and Logan it would be best if you could stay here for tonight, maybe even a few days so that we can alert the counsel to what’s happened. I need some clarification from them in order for me to know what to do next.” Kaleb explained gently.
My parents looked at each other and smiled. “Of course we’ll stay here, it’s probably for the best till we can figure this out, it’s not like I have any more guests at the bed and breakfast anyway, and the ones I had, left when the murders happened.” Mum described.
“How are we going to explain what happened to Logan? Eventually they're going to realise he's missing from the hospital.” Dad asked.
“I've been thinking about that. Perhaps with the help of Isaac we can make it look like the Lasair took him from the mortuary. The police already think the killers are now human, it won't be difficult for them to believe that they stole a body.” Kaleb concluded.
“If people think he's still dead that means he can't be seen outside this house, doesn't it?” Mum said, suddenly realising the ramifications of this plan.
“Yes, he will have to stay around the house until we find out our next move from the counsel; let's not worry about any of that till we speak with them. I’m so sorry all of this happened to you.” Kaleb expressed showing his compassion.
“I think all of this was supposed to happen Kaleb, I don’t blame any of you – I’m just glad my son’s okay.” Mum said, touched by Kaleb’s sincere apology. I was pleased that Grayson’s parents and mine seemed to be hitting it off but something was still raging inside of me, bursting to come out.
“Wait! Before we try to make sense of all of this, I really need to tell you and Grayson something.” I gazed at my parents, finally realising that I had to say something to them.
“What is it Abigail?” Grayson stroked my hand to comfort me.
“It’s about Konrad.” I said, seeing my mum’s eyes brighten. “Mum, did you know that he was adopted?” 
My mum was silent for a moment, obviously trying to collect her thoughts. “How do you know that?” 
“So you did know - who were his parents?” 
“Abigail what is this about?” She was obviously irritated by my interrogation.
“He’s one of them, I’m sure Grayson told you all about them in the car over here, he’s part of the Lasair, oh no wait! He is the Lasair, he’s the leader – he’s been playing us all along.” I cried.
“No, he’s not, that’s not possible.” She said seeming so sure of herself.
“Well he is, did you not wonder why he didn’t stick around tonight when he dropped you off?” I wondered if I was taking this conversation too far. Although I couldn’t help it! How could she not know that something was seriously wrong with him, how could I not know?
“I don’t know where he went Abigail, but I’m sure there’s –”
“No there’s not a good explanation, the only explanation, is that he’s Lasair and he figured out that I knew, so he walked away, that’s it.” I was clearly fixating all of my anger on mum.
“Is that true?” She asked, looking at everyone in the room.
“She’s telling the truth Kathryn, he was clever; I bet he talked about us all the time and joined in conversations about Grayson with Abigail and your family, but he was never actually in the same room with any of us, was he? He knew if we saw him, we could identify him and we did just that in the hospital as you and Henry came to meet us, he saw us and left. His real name is William.” Kaleb encouraged mum to believe him.
“I can’t believe it, he’s always protected me, and he went to jail because he protected me.”
“He wasn’t in jail.” Isaac intervened.
“What?” Dad spoke.
Isaac moved closer to my dad. “William was never in jail, when we were waiting for you in the cafeteria; I made some calls to see if I could get any more information about him using his alias Konrad Burke. He never went to jail; in fact, there was no record of a hearing, a court date – nothing. William just disappeared off the radar for a few years and then reappeared when he contacted you again.”
“That’s not true, I was there, and I had to give a testimony. Konrad went to jail; I was in the courtroom when he got sentenced.” Mum was shaking from fear.
“There’s not any record of any of it Mrs Lawson.” Isaac said honestly.
“You didn’t visit him in jail did you?” Maria expressed quietly not wanting to overwhelm my mum, which was a bit too late for that.
“No, he said that he didn’t want me reminding him of the things that he was missing.” Mum’s tears were falling from her eyes.
“So that means that the Lasair found him and set it up like a real court case or they covered it up and made it look like the incident never happened, which is more likely. You said he was missing for a few years? That’s more than enough time to remind him of whom he truly is and mould him back into a leader.” Kaleb described.
“What do you mean remind him of who he is?” Mum spoke wanting to know everything. 
Kaleb licked his lips in awkwardness. “Your brother was never really your brother; we originate from the first wolf, Hale. The Lasair as they stand now originate from Hale’s brother, William. William found a way hundreds of years ago to reincarnate himself so that he is able to keep coming back here each time he dies. The Lasair then find him through magic, when he turns eighteen usually, and then train him to remember his true nature. This must be so much to take in, I’m sorry that your family have been dragged into this new world of ours, but it sounds like you were always meant to be a part of it.” Kaleb stared at my parents.
As my dad wiped away the tears from mum’s eyes, I could tell that she was beginning to feel a little better. I knew that it would be a long-time before the severity of the situation truly sank into my parent’s minds but unfortunately, something told me things between the Lasair and us were about to reach a whole different level of bad.



















Chapter Twenty-Nine

The Order

Four days passed without any word from the Wolfland counsel or the Lasair. Kaleb had tried several times to reach the order, but to no avail. It made me feel sick to my stomach, the not knowing of it all; thinking at any time we could be attacked by the Lasair, it didn’t bear thinking about. Although our nerves were incredibly tense, the four days seemed to pass easily, sleeping in the same bed with Grayson made it all seem tolerable somehow. Mum refused to cope with her grief about practically losing her brother; she decided to deal with her feelings by acting like a sixteen year old, completely infatuated again with my dad, it was pretty cute actually. They didn’t even give me a hard time about sleeping with Grayson, which I really appreciated.
Everyone appeared to be getting on well; Logan and Ella were literally inseparable, much to Isaac’s frustration because he was determined to make my brother the best guardian that the world had ever seen, although technically he was the only one ever seen. The nonsense that Kaleb and Isaac concocted to the police must have worked because everyone on the island still believes my brother is dead, just another fatality of the unknown killers. We caught Riley up to speed about everything and she finally got over her hangover, she was rather depressed when we told her about everything she’d missed, I don’t think she’ll be drinking anytime soon. Colton’s been following her around like a little puppy since she got here, she also moved in upstairs and is currently playing hard to get, something I have never actually seen her do before, so that alone means she must like him.
The plan when we first moved in with the Hales was that it would only be for a few days whilst we made contact with the counsel to direct our next move, but there hadn’t been any sign of them getting in touch with us. I was beginning to wonder if this had become a more permanent solution now. Maria distracted me with the smell of bacon and eggs wafting through the entire house. I held my large coffee with two hands as I watched the morning light shine through the hallway.
“Good morning beautiful.” Grayson said, sneaking up on me.
“Good morning.” I spoke, as his hands found the ties of my dressing gown.
I turned to face him. “No, stop it.” 
“I love you.” He pulled me into a kiss.
“I love you.” I spoke, hanging my arms over his shoulders.
Anna and Aidan must have smelled Maria’s breakfast as well because they practically ran down the stairs.
“Good morning you two.” Aidan announced grinning at our intimate conversation.
“Good morning.” We said at the same time, smiling at each other.
“Come and get some breakfast, you need to keep your strength up to feed those hormones of yours.” Anna muttered.
Everyone seemed to have found their way to the kitchen. In the outside world it was usually technology that brought people closer together, in the Hale’s case – it was breakfast. Maria, considering our frosty start had completely changed her mind about me, I could see it; I think she was glad that I made Grayson so happy and there was no denying that the woman could certainly cook up a storm. The best thing about her food was she always cooked everything from scratch and she made enough to feed the entire island. I didn’t realise that humans that turn into wolves eat pretty much thirty meals a day; I’ve even started to gain a little weight from Marias’s continuous mealtime routine.
We all sat down to eat when we heard a thud coming from the hallway. We all seemingly looked to Kaleb, encouraging him to take a look. Everyone waited patiently for him to inspect the corridor; slowly he came sauntering back into the kitchen calmly with a brown envelope.
“Well open it then, it could be from the counsel.” Maria ordered. Cautiously, Kaleb ripped the top of the paper and tipped it upside down revealing a USB that just fell into his hand.
“That’s it a USB stick.” Riley spoke, visibly disappointed that there wasn’t any threat or danger stemming from the envelope, the girl was in some serious need of drama.
“Let’s see what’s on it, everyone in the living room!” Colton shouted, causing everyone to dash through to the lounge.
“Kaleb, don’t you think we should watch it first before you show the kids.” Mum asked him politely.
“I think I’m done keeping things from everyone in this house, we handle whatever it is as a family – no more secrets and now our family includes you.” Kaleb led us to follow him into the living room. He pushed the USB into the enormous television in the front room, leading Maria to press select on the remote.
An older man quickly appeared on the television, I hadn’t seen him before now but he was dressed similarly to McKentire and Connell; I knew then that it was what we had been waiting for, it was the counsel sending us a message.
“Hale clan – I hope some of you remember me, my name is Kallen, current leader of the counsel. We have received all of your messages explaining the events from the last few months and we were all devastated in Ireland to hear the dreadful news about our friends McKentire and Connell. I’m sorry we haven’t been able to make contact with you any sooner than this, I also apologise for the way we have had to contact you. It is necessary for you to come back to Ireland. The Lasair have threatened our kind for the very last time, we will take no more of it. Two members of the counsel have been murdered and they will not have died in vein, we will make sure of that. It is time for you all to come back, rejoin our family and come out of the darkness from where you have been forced to hide to save the lives of others. I will not stand for the kin of the first wolf to be intimidated any longer; you will fight by our side. We have declared war on the Lasair, their reign of terror ends now.
For hundreds of years the Lasair have endangered the wolves, controlling them with the fear of extinction and we have followed their order. I now stand before you and pledge the promise of war; no more will you suffer at their hands. We have been, mistakenly taken for fragile people, we are peaceful but we are not weak! If they dare strike us, then we shall fight back. If we do not attack now, then we risk further conflict down the line – do we want our children and grandchildren to fight this battle or do you want to handle this? I choose to meet the danger now and take whatever consequences that may bring. At least we will know that we stood for freedom and not inaction brought on from our fear.
The future is what we choose, not what they choose for us. We have a duty to you as your leading counsel and we will not let you hide away in the shadows any longer! The next thing you are going to see is the conflict the Lasair have caused in our many lands; different clans from all over the earth are standing to join us in this fight for victory.” Swiftly, the video changed to clips of people from different parts of the world visibly angered by the Lasair’s actions, it was clear to see that the wolves were after blood and they did not intend to let the witches get away with murdering any more wolves.
I couldn’t watch the hideous videos of the Lasair’s evil deeds any longer; I felt my body rejecting the bacon I’d just scoffed down my throat forcing me to sprint to the bathroom. I couldn’t even contemplate going to war with the witches, I was beginning to think that it was the thought of fighting that was making me sick and not my breakfast.
 
 
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


Chapter Thirty

Positive Thinking

I couldn’t believe that I felt this ill again, I thought it had passed. What was going on with me? I sat there on the bathroom floor for about ten minutes waiting to be sick, still hearing the voices of tension echoing all the way upstairs. I thought to myself that I would be fine if the room would just stop spinning for a second.
I wondered if I was like my mum and suffered from low blood sugar, her sickness always improved whenever she’d eat chocolate, too bad I didn’t have any and God forbid Maria see a chocolate bar anywhere in the house, she’d snatch it straight out of your hands, I needed chocolate! I need chocolate, I need chocolate, and I couldn't get my need for it out of my head!
Suddenly, I remembered Logan had some chocolate in one of the bags I’d put in from the supermarket that day. I quickly stood up, balancing myself using the door handle and headed towards Logan’s room. I spotted the white plastic bag underneath his bed and thankfully, he hadn’t eaten all the sweets. I tipped the whole bag upside down because Logan had put empty wrappers back into the bag and I couldn’t make heads or tales of what was chocolate and what was foil – damn my brother!
 I fell silent. There was a pregnancy test box lying there on his bed that had randomly fallen out of the shopping bag. How had that got in there? The test got me thinking about my last period, with everything that was going on, I didn’t realise that I was late. I held my hand up to my mouth, I couldn’t be pregnant, and I just couldn’t, could I? I walked back into the bathroom with the test. It felt like it was dragging my arm down to the floor. I attempted to open the top of the box but my hands wouldn’t stop shaking. I tossed the instructions in the bath, it was one of those new ones that actually stated in a word if you were pregnant or not, I don’t think, even I could screw that up, wee on the stick and read the word and that’s exactly what I did.
My legs began to shake waiting for the results, my hand seemed to be permanently attached to my mouth, and I took a glimpse at the test and quickly noticed a word fixed in the screen, the word staring up at me was 'positive'.
At this point it would be easy to assume that I wasn’t pregnant, it could just be a false positive and I’d all I’d need was another test, but this wasn’t like that – I think I already knew. This wasn’t a normal pregnancy, I tried to deny what I’ve been feeling for days now, but in my heart, I was sure that something was the matter with me, but it was always easier to lay it on someone else.
Every time Konrad would speak to me, I’d instantly start feeling sick, I think the baby was trying to warn me. I presumed it was Logan’s power that was compatible with electricity or something, but it wasn’t, it was me all along. The baby wanted me to get to Logan so it activated the door and it started the car at the hospital in order for us to escape. The baby had already done so much for me and I wasn’t going to be able to keep it. Grayson’s words suddenly re-entered my mind in a flash – “We won’t ever be able to have children - the mother and child always die in child birth”. The cruel fact of the matter was that I wouldn’t ever be able to meet my baby.
Out of nowhere I heard footsteps heading up the stairs; I wasn’t ready yet to face anyone so I just stayed silent waiting for them to go into another room.
“Abigail?” Grayson spoke softly; he was trying to find me. I heard him enter our bedroom so I tiptoed down the stairs, creeping towards the back door of the kitchen. Everyone was still so enthralled by the video; they didn’t even notice me walking past the hallway. I stepped outside the door, feeling the early morning breeze against my face. I stood there for a minute, just breathing, trying to figure out everything in my head.
I stepped softly over to the shallow fence, resting my elbows on top of the wood. The harbour looked spectacular from here, it was almost enough to make me forget for a second that I was carrying a child that I couldn’t keep. All at once, my emotions clashed causing me to sob hysterically; after everything, I really wasn’t allowed to keep this baby? Hadn’t I been through enough already?
I managed to stop crying long enough to take a deep breath; I was attempting to focus on the beautiful view that surrounded me. The bedroom doors from the balcony opened, it was Grayson.
“Hey, I’ve been looking for you; where did you go?” He smiled down at me.
“Just to the bathroom, I’m fine.” I said, hiding the fact that I was dying inside.
“Okay, just wait there, I’ll be down in a minute.” He spoke, closing the doors behind him.
I turned back around to the harbour, feeling the desire to touch my stomach. Suddenly, a vision invaded my brain, a clear, lucid vision emerging from the darkness.
I was in a white room. It appeared to be like a hospital but I don’t think it was one. I heard noises everywhere, people were talking quickly but I couldn’t make out what they were saying. Immediately I saw myself holding my baby, we were both alive and well – I looked so happy. I’ve never seen myself look so happy before in my life.
Without warning I was thrown out of the premonition, I knew that my baby had given that beautiful gift to me. It was undeniable, I was going to keep this child and nothing in this world was going to stop me. I smiled across the harbour contented, appreciating the gift in knowing that everything was going to be okay.







