Shakespeare for Everyone Else
William Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing
A Retelling by C.E. Wilson

Published by C.E.Wilson at Smashwords
Copyright © 2013 by C.E. Wilson
All Rights Reserved
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Text Copyright © 2013 C.E. Wilson
All Rights Reserved
For information:
https://www.cewilsonauthor.com
https://www.facebook.com/cewilsonauthor


Much Ado About Nothing:  Shakespeare for Everyone Else
Cover Design by Mae I Design and Photography
ISBN:  978-0-9883055-5-7


To my amazing brother Dustin who has always loved reading
(So much that he even reads my stuff.)  You’re awesome!

Who’s Who in Shakespeare for Everyone Else:  Much Ado About Nothing

Benedick, Bennett
Beatrice, Beatriz/Bea
Claudio, Clark
Hero, Heaven

Don Pedro, Donnie
Leonato, Leo
Antonio, Andrew
Margaret, Meagan
Ursula, Sola

Don John, Jason
Borachio, Bordin
Conrad	, Connor

Dogberry, Barry
Verges, Vernon
Balthasar, Bryan
First Watchmen, Watch One
Second Watchmen, Watch Two

Friar Francis, Principal Francis

Prologue

As he waved sadly to the beaming blonde on the bus, he wondered if he should have let her go.  Clark wanted nothing more than to be with her, but at some band camp for the summer?  The idea of hanging out with a bunch of students playing lame band versions of last years pop hits for three months made his stomach cramp.  He knew she would be back before the start of their senior year.  A year when he was hoping to tell her how he really felt.  But watching her wave to her friends Beatriz and Donnie, Clark couldn’t find the words quite yet.
It was only for a few months and he knew that he had plenty to do this summer.  He was looking forward to lazing about with Donnie and Bennett, occasionally playing in a local soccer league to keep in shape, but he still didn’t want her to go.  He was honestly hoping that Heaven would be there to cheer him on like she always had in the past.
“It’ll be all right,” Donnie said, giving his friend an encouraging grin.  He leaned against his car and ruffled his shaggy black hair before continuing.  “With soccer and beach trips, three months will pass by in no time and then it will be the start of senior year.  This is going to be the year for you, Clark.  I can just feel it.  Good things happen senior year.”
“Was it Shakespeare or Milton who said that?” Bennett groaned.  Looking at the bus with disdain, he watched as the honey-haired girl inside waved to her small group of friends.  “Couldn’t she have just practiced here?  I mean…” he shuddered for effect, “…it’s band.  She would have been fine playing here.”
“One would hardly expect you to understand the importance of practicing a craft,” Beatriz said, crossing her arms over her chest with a smirk.  Her chestnut brown hair was beginning to frizz in the summer heat, but rather than distract from her looks it only served to accentuate her flashing brown eyes.
“I’m fully aware of the meaning of practice,” Bennett shot back, adjusting his worn leather coat despite the warm weather.  His surprisingly gray eyes looked over the group, a stunning contrast with his caramel colored skin and unkempt curly black hair.  He suppressed a small groan when he heard Beatriz inhale a sharp breath, preparing to verbally spar with him – again.
“Have you ever played an instrument in your life?” Beatriz snapped while waving at her friend Heaven as the bus roared to life, signaling it would soon depart.
“I have played many,” Bennett said, nudging Donnie with his elbow.  “I’m very aware of how to pluck the right strings and play the right keys.”
“Doubtful,” Beatriz said.  “Have you looked at your hands lately?  They’re disgusting.  Not to mention that since you’re constantly using your mouth, your lips are in dire need of Chapstick.  Perhaps you could remedy that with silence?”
“Silence would be too much to give you—”
“It would be a gift I would love—”
“And therefore you shouldn’t receive it—”
“Ugh, enough,” Donnie said.  “Can’t you two go a few moments without making our ears bleed?  We’re here to support Heaven, remember?  Aren’t you going to miss her, Bea?”
“Of course I’m going to miss her,” Beatriz said.  “I have no idea what to do with myself this summer without her.”  She paused to think for a moment.  “I suppose I could call Meagan—”
“Poor Meagan,” Bennett chuckled, lighting up a cigarette in the parking lot.  Beatriz immediately smacked his hand causing him to drop it.  Shooting her a sharp look, Bennett said, “Woman, you just cost me an entire cigarette—”
“Saved your lungs is what you mean,” Beatriz said.  Ending her argument with Bennett, she turned to look at Clark, who was watching Heaven in a way she hadn’t seen before.  “You gonna be all right?” she asked.  “It looks like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“Maybe I did,” Clark said, watching the bus leave as Heaven waved to all of them, her blond hair cascading around her heart-shaped face.  “I’ve known Heaven for most of my life, but I don’t see her the way I used to.”
“You’re seeing her with eyes that are seeing her go,” Donnie said.
“I mean she’s not the same girl.”
“Don’t think too much about it.  She’s gone and it’s not like you’ll be bored.  You’ll play soccer with us and enjoy the summer before senior year starts.  We’re playing Jason’s team several times this summer and I am not gonna lose to him.”
“You shouldn’t worry about her either way, Clark.  Girls aren’t worth the trouble,” Bennett said, lighting another smoke before Beatriz could get to him.  “Look at this one over here – she is more tongue than woman.”
“And you’re more mouth than man,” Beatriz snapped back, pointing at his cigarette.  “If you insist on that you won’t be able to keep up with the team, coughing and panting like a man twice your age.”
“Twice my age would still only be thirty-six.”  Bennett shrugged, continuing to take slow drags as the rest of the parking lot cleared out.
Donnie hopped into his gleaming convertible and started the engine.  “Bea’s right,” he called over his shoulder.  “We need your defense on the field, not your lungs.”  He pulled away from the lot quickly, anxious to return to his usual workout routine in preparation for their first game against Jason.  He would not be denied.  Not this summer.  This was going to be the summer he defeated his half-brother and perhaps finally caught Bea’s attention, who seemed only to have eyes for Bennett.
“Three months,” Clark groaned after the captain of the team had sped off.  “Three months.  What if she’s different?”
“Are you kidding?  This is Heaven we’re talking about,” Beatriz said, smiling and linking her arm through his.  The sun caught Clark’s face just as she looked up at him.  He was a beauty, his attractiveness only rivaled by Heaven’s.  “She’ll still be the same girl, it’s not as though we’ve sent her off to war.  If Leo approves of her going to camp, then we should rest easy knowing she’ll be in safe hands.”
“Safer hands than yours,” Bennett said.  “It’s so weird—”
“What is?” Beatriz interrupted.
“I don’t understand how a girl like Heaven manages to put up with you and that mouth of yours.”
“How anyone at all can put up with you is a mystery to me,” Beatriz said.
“Oh Beatriz,” Bennett said, pretending to stab himself.  “Your words wound me.”
“I wish they would wound you into silence.  But no worries,” she said, pointing at his lit cigarette.  “The weapon of choice is between your own fingers—”
“For now,” Bennett said, casting the smoke aside with a shrug.  “I have to get ready for practice tonight.  Donnie’s acting like we’re hosting the damn World Cup.  You’ll be there tonight, right Clark?  Or are you weakened now that Heaven has gone and you still haven’t told her how you feel?”
“Shut up,” Clark said.  “Like you know anything about love—”
“Who’s to say I don’t?” Bennett asked, sidling up to his older Volvo.  He rolled the sleeves up on his jacket, revealing a few stray tattoos, pleased that even Beatriz was unable to avoid looking at them.
“The only love you know is love for yourself,” Beatriz said.  “Don’t worry about it, Clark.  Heaven’s a sweetie and you can be sure that she won’t change after a summer with the band kids.  If anything she’ll return more beautiful and more radiant than before.”
“Gotta love suntans,” Bennett said.  “I’ll see you tonight, Clark.  We’re expecting you to be there.”
“I should probably head out too,” Beatriz said.  “I was planning on picking up something to eat on my way home, but since talking to Bennett I feel ill and don’t think I’ll be able to eat tonight.”
“Will you come to our game?” Clark asked.
“You know I’ll be there because Heaven wouldn’t want it any other way.”  She stood up on her tiptoes and kissed Clark’s cheek in a friendly manner.  “No stressing though, Clark.  The summer will pass and you can finally work up the nerve to tell her how you feel.  Who did Bennett say said it?  Chaucer?  Senior year anything can happen, right?”
Clark nodded, smiling down at Heaven’s best friend.  “Heh, something like that.  You’re right, Bea.  Speaking of love though, you should ask Bennett out,” he suggested.
“Don’t be stupid,” she grumbled.  “Bennett only cares about soccer and smoking, neither of which have anything to do with me.”
“You should see the way he looks at you.  I think he cares about you.”
“In the same way I care for a pop quiz on a Monday morning,” she said.  “Good luck, Clark.  I’ll see you at the game.  No more worrying about Heaven.”
“I’ll try not to,” Clark said, stepping into his own car.  Watching Beatriz walk home, he put a pair of sunglasses on his face.  His blue eyes went to the mirror and he smiled at the way they set off his sandy blond hair.  It was a blessing not to be ugly.  Maybe his friends were right and there wasn’t anything to worry about.  Senior year was a short summer away and this was going to be the year he told Heaven how he felt.
“This is the year,” he whispered, starting up the car.  “I’ll tell her when she gets back.”



Act I

Chapter One

Summer passed quickly and in what felt like the blink of an eye Donnie was walking into the gym after the first day of school.  He felt like nothing could hold him down.  All of his hard work had paid off and he had swept his half-brother’s team over the summer.  He clapped his hands together, enjoying the memories of the saves he made against Jason and everyone else who dared to take a shot on him.  Word had spread quickly around the area and by the end of the summer girls from all grades were coming to watch the wars between him and Jason.  He loved it.
“There’s our summer star,” Donnie said to Bennett as he lazily strolled into the gym.
“Summer’s over,” he grunted, dropping his bag to the floor.
“It is,” Donnie said, “but I can still smell it, you know?  The grass, the heat, the—”
“The sweat?” Bennett finished for him.  “Ugh, I can’t believe we’re back in school.  This sucks.  I don’t want to be here, I’m so over high school.”
“For Clark, I don’t think summer could’ve ended soon enough,” Donnie said.
“I don’t want to hear about that sucker and his crush on Heaven.”
“I think we’re talking about a bit more than a crush, Bennett.  I think he’s in love.”
“Love?” Bennett snorted.  “Love is for old biddies and those who feel that no one can love them.  It’s for those who cling to the idea that beauty is fleeting—”
“Beauty is fleeting—”
“Not at eighteen it’s not.”
“I’m sure Bea would disagree with you.”
“I’m sorry, did I mention her?  Beatriz would leap at the chance to disagree with me about anything,” Bennett said, lazily tying his shoes as a few straggling freshmen and sophomores started filing into the gym.  “And as for fleeting beauty, I don’t think Beatriz has anything to worry about.”
“Bea is beautiful,” Donnie said defensively.
“I didn’t say she wasn’t—”
“In fact, I was thinking about asking her the Harvest Dance.”
Bennett stopped fumbling with his laces and turned in Donnie’s direction.  “You…what?” he asked.  “We’re not going to the Harvest Dance.”
“Yeah, you and I aren’t because I’m not planning on asking you, Bennett,” Donnie said.  “I said I was going to ask Bea.”
His look grew even more perplexed.  “But…why?  It’s senior year, why tie yourself down to anyone, let alone her?  You have the pick of the litter—”
“And I choose Bea,” he said.  “You don’t have a problem with that, do you?”
“You know he does,” Clark said from the doorway.  “Not that Bennett would ever admit it.”
“There’s nothing to admit,” Bennett said.  Feeling Clark and Donnie’s eyes on him, he quickly tried to change the subject.  “So what about you?” he asked as Clark set his bag next to them.  “I know that you usually carry a blank stare like most women carry designer purses, but you look even more confused than usual.  What’s up?”
“Heaven,” he said.
“Heaven?” Bennett repeated before realization crept into his features as he looked at the ceiling.  “Oh, Heaven!  Why yes, often when Beatriz tells me to go to Hell, I find comfort in thinking that a quiet Heaven may exist.”
“I don’t mean the Heaven with angels and harps,” Clark said.  “I mean my Heaven.”
“Heaven George?” Bennett asked, feigning idiocy.
“You know who he means,” Donnie said.
“So you’re still on about this?” Bennett asked.
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Do you really believe you’ve found love in Heaven’s arms?” Donnie asked, smiling.
“Or in her legs?” a new voice piped up.  Bordin - one of Jason’s friends – stood in the doorway looking at them with mock disinterest.  His dark hair was slicked back against his head, revealing his strong, sharp features, his chin jutting forward as he smiled.
“What’re you doing here?” Donnie snapped.  “This is a team practice and you were cut earlier this summer.”
“That was only one opinion,” Bordin grunted.
“Yes, the coach’s,” Bennett said.  “But don’t worry, Bordin.  We all think you suck.”
“Shut the hell up,” Bordin said.  “Or perhaps I should say the same to Bea?  Maybe I could finally find a use for that busy mouth of hers—whoa!”
Bennett lunged forward suddenly, but Donnie and Clark each caught an arm, holding him back.  Bordin chuckled at the scene.
“Don’t talk about her like that,” Donnie said.
“Whatever,” Bordin said.  “I’m only checking in.”
“You mean, checking on?” Donnie snapped.  “Spying for Jason?  Get a life, Bordin.”
“Oh please, like I don’t have other things to do,” Bordin said.
“Then prove it by getting the hell out of here,” Bennett said, pulling down on his sleeves once he was released by his friends.  “And if you talk about Beatriz like that again, I’ll—”
“You’ll what?” Bordin said.  “Bore me to death with your attempts at wit or your lectures?  Please, when I need some sleep I’ll take one of my mother’s Xanax.  Enjoy your practice, losers,” he said, spinning on his heel and exiting the gym.
Bennett was still seething with anger.  “I can’t stand that guy.  He’s been pissed since coach cut him from the team.”
“Leave him, he’s not worth it,” Donnie said.  “Jason’s still pissed because he lost the tournament over the summer and Bordin is the only connection he has to us.  He’s hoping…” he trailed off with a frown in Clark’s direction.  Tall and serene as always, their left-halfback lowered his chin to look at his teammates with a puzzled expression.
“He’s hoping for what?” Clark asked.
“He’s hoping that this thing you have going with Heaven will affect your play,” Donnie explained.  “I talked to my dad.  Clark, you better not lose focus this season.”
“I’ll be fine,” he said.  “Don’t worry about me, worry about yourselves.”
“How is that whole thing going anyway?” Bennett asked.  “Are you really taking her out?”
“I’m going over to her house after practice,” he said.  “We’re going out for ice cream.”
“Diabetes,” Bennett choked out, feigning a cough.
Donnie ignored him.  “So you’re going to talk to her dad?”
“I’ve talked to him before—”
“Not with the intention of taking his daughter out,” Donnie went on, starting to stretch.  “He’s gonna look at you through different eyes now.”
“It’ll be fine,” Clark said.  “It’s not like I’m going to make out with her in front of him.  I’m a decent enough guy.”
“Decent?  Is this the same decency you showed us over the summer at the after-game parties?” Bennett asked, chuckling at his friend’s expense.
“That was different.  Summer’s over,” Clark snapped.  “I only have eyes for Heaven now.  She’ll be mine this year.”  He heard Bennett scoff.  “Bennett, you could always use me as an example and start up with Bea again.”
“Beatriz can do as she wants, because I know that she’ll have nothing to do with me,” Bennett said, crossing his legs to stretch his thighs.  “Besides,” he said, glaring at Donnie, “this one’s wandering eye has settled on her.”
“You can’t be serious,” Clark said, surprised.  “Donnie?”
“If Bennett wants to pretend that there’s nothing there between him and Bea, then at least someone decent should get her.  I’ll treat her well, Bennett.”  He glanced over, smiling at his friend’s discomfort.  “Oh come on, if you don’t want me to date her then—”
“I need some water,” Bennett said abruptly, standing up and leaving the gym.
Clark turned back to Donnie, frowning.  “Why do you do that shit, man?”
“Do what?”
“You know what,” Clark said.  “Don’t get him all stirred up like that.”
“I’m trying to give him a push,” Donnie said.
“And if you keep pushing him like that you’re going to push him right off a cliff.”
“He’ll be fine.”
“You’re not really planning on asking Bea to the Harvest Dance, are you?” Clark asked.
Donnie stood up, stretching his arms over his head.  “I guess that’s for you and Bennett to find out,” he said.
The two of them stretched in silence for a few minutes.  When Bennett sauntered back into the gym he looked much more calm, and he joined them to finish up their stretches before their run.  As he started to work out the kinks in his legs, Clark tried to get in some last minute conversation.
“Did you guys see Heaven at all today?”
“I saw her,” Bennett said.
“And?”
“And what?”
“What did you think about her?” Clark asked impatiently.  “She looks different, right?”
“She looks the same.”
“She’s changed,” Clark said.  “When I look at her, I can tell Bea was right.  The summer has treated her well and she looks amazing with a tan.”
“Do you want to know my honest opinion?” Bennett asked.
“As if I could expect anything less—”
“Are you sure you mean that?” Donnie said, smiling.  “If you ask him to speak the truth, be prepared – our boy can be blunt.  We all know that Bennett is hardly capable of censoring himself.”
“Do you want me to speak plainly or not?” Bennett asked, turning to Clark.
“Yes.”
Rolling his eyes, Bennett stretched out his thighs.  “Heaven, in all honesty, is a little too short for me—”
Clark grinned, undeterred.  “I like her height.”
“I’ve always admired fair skin, and the summer has not been fair to her—”
“I think that’s a good thing—”
“I will say this,” Bennett snapped back, annoyed that he wasn’t able to get a full sentence in without Clark interrupting with his lovey-dovey defensiveness, “Heaven looks fine the way she is, if petite is what you’re looking for, though I will say that I do not care for her personally.”
“That’s what you have to say?” Clark asked.  “Bennett, could it be that you only have eyes for one special—”
“I have eyes, Clark.  I’ll agree with you on that.  Why are you asking me, though?  Are you seriously planning on going out with her?”
“If Heaven’s interested, yes.”
“You’ve been creeping her for long enough, Clark,” Donnie said.  “I think you’ve been patient enough.  Do you really think discussing your intentions with her father will go well?”
“I don’t see what could go wrong.”
Bennett grumbled, standing up and starting to stretch his neck and arms.  “What’s with you guys lately?  It’s senior year and all we’re doing is talking about females.  You,” he said accusingly, pointing a finger at Donnie, “all summer you were talking about soccer this and soccer that and now you can only talk about taking Bea to that damn fall dance.  And you,” he continued, jutting his chin towards Clark, “you expect to score with Heaven just because it’s your senior year?  We graduate this year, guys.  There’s no point in starting up anything serious.  What is the most that we can expect?  A fling?  A long distance relationship where you call each other over video chat and make awkward small talk?  Count me out.”  He stormed out the door to join the rest of the team for their run.
“What’s his problem?” Clark grunted.  “You’d think we were talking about joining the army rather than dating a chick.”
“Leave him,” Donnie said.  “I think going out with Heaven’s a good idea.”
“Why?”
“She deserves it.  Heaven’s cool and she has morals and stuff.  Not to mention, she’s pretty hot, in that generic sort of way.”
“Heaven’s not generic,” Clark said.
“Whatever.  The point is I’m happy for you.  I can see how she looks at you.”
“Are you sure?” Clark asked doubtfully.  “She always seems so preoccupied—”
“It’s you who’s preoccupied.  You spend so much time sneaking looks at Heaven that you don’t even notice that Heaven is doing the same to you.”  He stood up.  “Come on, let’s see if we can catch Bennett before he starts.”
“He was already out the door.”
“I’ll bet that he’s still there, pouty as always.  Haven’t you noticed?  It goes with his image this year.”
The two laughed when they saw that Bennett had not actually started his jog but was simply barking orders at nearby freshmen, telling them to go setup the water jugs after their run.  Clark walked up to his friend and rested a hand on his shoulder.  He felt Bennett jerk up in surprise but he didn’t pull away.
“I like her, Bennett,” he said.
“And I know Heaven feels the same,” Donnie chimed in.  “Why are you being so moody this year?  You don’t have to act this way, because I’ll tell you, we can see in your face and in your dress that you think the world is out to get you.”
“Lay off,” Bennett grumbled, jerking his shoulder away.  “I told you.  I think women are a waste of time.  They make you lose focus.”
“The right woman will make you feel otherwise,” Donnie said.
“She’d need to have a lot right to convince me to quit the sweet bachelor life,” Bennett said.
“How about the right wit?” Donnie asked, smiling.  “Bea has the wit to match yours.”
“Beatriz has the wit to match the devil himself,” Bennett said.
“Bennett, one day you’re going to come to your senses and figure out what a cool chick Bea really is.  You shouldn’t assume she’ll always be there.”  Bennett snorted in response.  “Can’t you see how perfect you two are for each other?”
“She’s a girl.”
“And you’re a guy,” Donnie said, laughing carefully.  “It kinda goes with the territory.”
“Men will always be deceived by women,” he said, starting to run with his friends flanking him on either side.  “Listen to me.  Women have their place.  I love my mother and I thank her every day for raising me to be the man that I am, but I am not looking for another woman to thank for the rest of my life, which is all a woman wants.  They dress well?  They desire thanks.  They say they love you?  They want thanks.  They let themselves go and so you cheat on them and then they want an apology because you strayed.  I’m telling you guys to avoid chicks at all costs and save yourselves the money and the heartbreak.”
“Before we graduate I’ll see you find someone who will change your Neanderthal ways of thinking,” Donnie said.
“Perhaps she is already out there,” Clark noted.  “Bea—”
“Please stop saying her name.  Beatriz—”
“Beatriz,” Clark said, jogging ahead and turning to run backwards to face him.  “You’ve always called her by her full name.  To me it sounds like someone has a thing for Bea—”
“I’m so sick of this conversation,” Bennett said.  “I do not have a thing for her, or any other girl for that matter.”
“Then I’ll just have to spoil Heaven to make up for guys like you,” Clark said.
“Well you’re already making me sick, so you’re halfway there,” Bennett said.  “Just let it be known that I warned you,” he said, pulling ahead of the pair and rounding a corner.
“He gets so upset when we talk about Bea,” Clark said, staying in sync with Donnie.  “I know Bennett doesn’t approve yet, but I’ve known my feelings for Heaven for many years now.  Only now I feel that I can do something about it.”
“So don’t stress about what Bennett says,” Donnie said.  “Bennett’s a grouch.  You care about Heaven, even I can see that.  I’m happy that you’re finally going to do this.”
“And you?”
“What about me?”
“Are you really going to take Bea to the dance?”
“As if it was that simple,” Donnie said.  “You know how she is.  She only has eyes for Bennett…even after all this time.”
“Really?”
“Really,” he said.  “But come on, have you thought about how you’re going to act around Leo tonight?”
“I’ll admit I’m a little worried,” Clark said, relenting.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine,” Donnie said, picking up the pace.  “Leo’s always been a reasonable guy.  I’m sure he’ll be able to see that your intentions are honorable.”
The two rounded another corner, Bennett no longer in sight.  Clark sighed loudly, picking up the pace so he was only able to grunt out the words, “I hope so.”

Chapter Two

Back at Heaven’s father’s house, a young man watched an older man starting to rake the leaves in his expansive backyard.  The young man frowned, looking over the fence.  “You look a bit perplexed this morning, Leo.  I thought you’d be in a good mood considering your daughter came back from camp last night.”
“And already back to school this morning,” Leo said, leaning against his rake and looking towards Andrew.  “I wish Heaven would have had a chance to see you.”
“I’m sorry.  I was busy,” Andrew said.  “College classes started a bit earlier than high school’s and since I’m not living in the dorms, my mom’s driving me nuts about being on time.”
“Good woman,” Leo said.  “So why aren’t you at class now?”
“I’m already done for the day,” Andrew said.  “I came home and she left me a lovely list of chores to complete while she’s at work.”  He rolled his eyes, pushing his sandy blond hair away from his chestnut brown eyes.  “I wish I could’ve seen Heaven, though.  It feels like she’s been gone for a year.”
“You two have always been close,” Leo said.  “I’m afraid that I’m a bit concerned, though.”
“Oh?” Andrew asked, looking at his neighbor.  “Is something wrong?”
“Yes and no.  No and yes,” Leo said, shrugging a bit.  “It seems that my daughter is going bring a boy over tonight.”
“Well that doesn’t seem like such a big deal.  Heaven has guy friends—”
“This particular guy friend wants to take my daughter out on a date.”
Andrew’s head shot up.  He walked to the fence and stood on a rock so he could look at Leo.  Why hadn’t he noticed it before?  The older man looked as though he had been through war and back.  Instead of his usual light, easy tone, his words were weighted and grim, dragging around him like Jacob Marley’s chains.  “Who wants to take her out?  I didn’t know anything about this.”
“Clark Donaldson.”
His eyes widened.  “The pretty boy who hangs out with Donnie and Bennett?  He’s not good enough for her.”
“So who would be?” Leo snapped.  “You?  Donnie?  That other boy who’s always stirring up Bea and smoking in my driveway?”
Andrew’s face reddened.  “You know that I don’t see Heaven as anything more than a sister.”
“Ahh, I know that you’re saying that right now,” Leo said, “but you must think that I’m an old fool if you think I don’t notice how you look at my daughter.”
“All I’m saying is that Clark isn’t anything special,” Andrew said.
“Clark apparently is doing wonders for the soccer team—”
“Soccer,” Andrew scoffed.  “How does playing soccer make him all right?”
“He’s fine,” Leo said.  “As much as I think Heaven is too young to date, I don’t think I’m in the mood to play the role of an overprotective father tonight.”
“So how about an overprotective older brother?  I don’t mind playing the part.”
“So you can scare him off?” Leo asked, smiling a bit.  “I don’t think so.”
“You give me too much credit, Leo.  I couldn’t scare off a boy that age—”
“Boy?” Leo repeated, smiling.  “Clark is hardly much younger than you.”
“That’s exactly my point.  I couldn’t scare him off if I wanted to,” Andrew said.  “I know how your daughter looks—”
“Don’t talk about the way my daughter looks,” Leo warned.
“I mean, that I’ve seen the way that Heaven looks at Clark.  I’m not surprised they’re finally going on a date.”
“They’ll only go with my approval.”
“They’ll go no matter what,” Andrew said simply.  “Your approval is simply so they can feel better about dating.”
Leo snorted again.  “You may be right about that, but I’m still going to be happy that I have raised a daughter who is at least concerned with pleasing her father.  Heaven is a good girl and I will not have her deceived by Clark, or any boy for that matter.”
“At least you know Clark is a good enough man that he will come to see you first,” Andrew said.  “He could have easily snuck into your daughter’s window and—”
“Are you trying to upset me?” Leo asked, waving him away.  “Finish up your chores before your mother gets home.”
Andrew mock-saluted Leo with a smile, returning to his work.  “Whatever you say,” he chuckled.

Chapter Three

From the soccer field at the nearby private school, Jason watched as a shiny new car entered the school parking lot, his friend Bordin behind the wheel.
“There’s our man,” Connor said, sending a pass over to Jason.
“It’s about damn time,” Jason muttered angrily, kicking the ball a few yards to the right of Connor so he would have to give chase.
“Really?” Connor shouted back angrily, retrieving the pass and sprinting to catch up with Jason.  “Do you have to be such a jackass?”
“I’m the way I am because I’m unhappy,” Jason said.  “The summer didn’t go the way I wanted.”
“So I take it you’re still sore about losing to dear brother Donnie?” Connor asked, stealing a glance at Bordin, who hadn’t even bothered to get out from his car, choosing instead to roll down the window.  “Stop acting so pathetic, it’s not good for the team.”
“What do I care about the team?”
“You need the team to beat Donnie’s team,” Connor explained.  “You can’t do that on your own.”
“Maybe it’s not the team that I want to defeat, but rather that confident and over-cocky Donnie.”
“I have to remind you,” Bordin said from his seat, “that you were the one who challenged him.  You were the one who set up all of those games.”
“And now I look like an ass,” Jason said, tucking his long black hair behind his ear.  “I had no idea that pretty boy Clark had the slightest idea how to do anything on our battlefield other than stand there like he was on the cover of a romance novel.”  Bordin chuckled from inside the car but Jason didn’t crack a smile.
“Oh laugh, why don’t you?” Bordin said.  “Even in your sour mood, can’t you crack a smile?”
“I go through the motions that’ll keep me alive and nothing else,” Jason said.  “I sleep when I’m tired, I have sex when I’m horny, and I eat when I’m hungry.”
“But Jason—”
“And,” Jason continued over top of him, “I will laugh when I find something funny.”
“You’re such an ass,” Bordin said.
“So did you see anything interesting at practice?” Jason asked.
“Only that Donnie is working hard for the first school match,” Bordin said.  “He doesn’t seem to think of you as often as you think of him.  I don’t even know if he’s mad at you at this point.”
“I don’t care,” Jason said, “I’m still mad at him for humiliating me in front of our father.”
“You could try talking to Donnie,” Connor suggested.  “You and your brother could still get along—”
“Half-brother,” Jason snapped, “and I don’t want to get along with him.  I don’t mind being hated—”
“He doesn’t hate you,” Bordin said, rolling his eyes.
“Maybe that’s because he still doesn’t see me as a worthy opponent,” Jason said.  “He still sees me as his lowly little bastard brother.  He sees no reason to respect me yet, but what he needs to understand is that I’m not like him – I seek to be respected and feared for my ability, not loved.  Our father knows my mind, yet Dear Donnie still thinks that by his brotherly devotion he can show me the error of my ways.  Can a man be that ignorant?  So be it.  I’ll show him I’m not going to be denied.”
“Denied what?  His disdain?” Connor asked.
Bordin rolled down the window a bit further.  “Jason—”
“What?” Jason snapped.
“Maybe we should look at this in a different way.”
“How do you mean?” Jason barked.
“You could show your brother you do not need his approval.”
“Meaning what?” Jason asked, already growing bored.  He noticed a few girls in the parking lot looking over at the scene but this only angered him more.
“I’ve heard that Clark—”
“The moronic pretty boy,” Jason said.
“I heard he’s going on a date with Heaven.”
“Heaven?” Jason sneered.  “That short artsy chick?  Why would he do that?”
“Who knows?” Bordin said.  “But I heard him say it.  And Donnie intends to help them get together.”
“He wants to play Cupid now?” Jason asked.  “That idiot can’t resist playing the good guy, always butting into other people’s business because he thinks it makes him look good.  So the cocky one-hit wonder on the soccer field wants to date Heaven?” Jason asked, not able to hide his interest.  “I’m intrigued.  Do you know where the two lovebirds will be heading?”
“Some ice cream place,” Bordin said.
“I see,” Jason said.  “A fitting choice – sickeningly sweet cream that melts at the first sign of heat.  There’s only one good place in this entire shit hole worth getting ice-cream from, so we have to assume that this is where they’re going.  Is Donnie going to be there?”
“He will, if I know anything about Clark,” Bordin said.  “Over the summer he couldn’t even go to the bathroom without his pathetic posse.”
“Ahh, Bennett and Bea, those loudmouthed, poor—”
“So are we going?” Connor interrupted.
“If there’s any chance I can spoil the good mood, then of course we’re going,” Jason said.  “Not only do I see this as a chance to sour Donnie’s reputation, but also as a chance to disperse the sickly sweet smell of love in the air.”
“So I’ll pick you up after practice?” Bordin asked, turning up his music in preparation to speed away.
“Do that,” Jason said, his eyes gleaming.  “I look forward to what lies ahead.”



Act II

Chapter One

“You should’ve seen him over the summer, Heaven,” Beatriz said, fixing her friend’s hair up into a cute ponytail.
“Who?  Clark?”
“Heh, no.  Not everything is about Clark,” Beatriz said with a laugh.  “By the way, I’m still mad at you, you know.”
“Awww why?” Heaven asked, though clearly she knew the answer.
“For making me go to those soccer games.”
“They couldn’t have been that bad—”
“They’re so boring.  I would have fallen asleep if Bennett hadn’t shouted at me to wake up, threatening to kick the ball at me in the stands.  And no, I wasn’t talking about Clark.”
“Then who are you talking about?” Heaven asked, looking at her reflection in the mirror.  She enjoyed the sight, her new bangs brushing against her pale brows as the smooth ponytail flowed down her back.
“Jason,” she said, rolling her eyes.  “What an ass.”
Heaven’s expression tightened a bit.  “Oh, him.”
Beatriz started dabbing some cream in her hands to smooth some flyaways from her friend’s delicate face.  “He’s so grumpy, he makes Bennett look like…” she trailed off, thinking hard.
“Like an amazing guy who deserves a second chance?”
“That would be a no,” Beatriz said, lightly tugging on Heaven’s ponytail.  “I’m just saying that Jason seems to be as annoying as ever.  His face looked so bitter that I thought he was constipated.”
Heaven stifled a small laugh.  “He can be a little grumpy.”
“A little grumpy?” Beatriz blurted out.  “A little grumpy would be fine.  In fact I don’t mind it when a guy is a little grumpy.  It makes him attractive—”
“Like Bennett?” Heaven tried again.
“Ugh,” Beatriz said.  “You know what?  If Bennett and Jason could somehow be combined into one man, then maybe that would be okay.”
“What are you talking about?” Heaven asked.  “That sounds horrible.”
“You’re thinking about it wrong,” Beatriz said, coming around to sit in front of her, pulling a few stray eyebrows away with her tweezers.  “One of them never talks.”
“Jason.  OUCH!”
“And the other one is constantly flapping his gums,” Beatriz said.
Heaven giggled before letting out another pained scream.  “OUCH!  Bennett.  Okay, I’m still following…sort of.”
“All I’m saying is that the two of them combined would be an interesting combination.  Maybe they would balance each other out to create something tolerable.”
“What about their faces?” Heaven asked.  “Would you want this ideal man to look like Bennett or Jason?  And you can’t say both!”
“I wouldn’t choose either.  I’m not looking for an ideal man.”
“What about an ideal sparring partner?”
“I know what you’re implying,” Beatriz said, quickly plucking a few more strays from Heaven’s eyebrow.  “I’m not interested in dating anyone right now.”
“Because of college?”
“Not all of us can afford to go to college,” Beatriz said.
“Bea, I’m sure that you’ll find a way to go—”
“The point is I’m not looking right now.”
“You should find a guy before it’s too late,” a voice said from the doorway.  “I swear Bea, are you ever going to allow yourself to just get caught up in the moment without analyzing it?”
“Andrew!” Heaven cried out, jumping from her seat and into her older neighbor’s arms.  “I missed you yesterday!”
“Yes you did,” Andrew said, returning the hug after spinning her around for a moment.  “Wow!  I heard the summer treated you well, but I wasn’t expecting you to look so tan.  You’re so tan that your face is full of freckles.”
Heaven blushed, stepping away from him.  “We were outside most of the time, I couldn’t help it.”
“You want me to cover them up?” Beatriz asked, pulling out a heavy foundation.
“No, don’t!” Andrew and Heaven blurted out at the same time.
“No?” Beatriz said, eyeing up Andrew.  “How did you even get in here?”
“Leo let me in.”
“Leo should know better than to let strays into his home.”
“Nothing less than a charming response from you, Bea,” Andrew replied.  “I see your wit is as painful as ever.”
“I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“No one is going to want to talk to you if you’re always on the defensive,” Andrew noted, smiling.
“I don’t care.  I don’t need the approval of others.”
“She’s too strong-willed to reason with,” Heaven said.  “OUCH!  I thought that we were done tweezing.”
“It was a stray hair,” Beatriz said innocently as she set down the tweezers.  “I wouldn’t want you to look like you belong to the Bert and Ernie comedy show when you walk around with Clark.”
“Clark doesn’t look like Ernie!”
“I agree.  With his lanky shape and vacant expression, I would say that Clark is more Bert than Ernie,” Beatriz chuckled, watching as Andrew joined in.  “And you…” she said, giving him a once over, “I would say that you are more of a dog than a man, following your master Leo’s orders to keep watch on his daughter.”
Andrew’s face flushed.  “Leo isn’t my master,” he said defensively.
“So why are you here right before she’s about to go on a date?  Did you want to make sure that she looked all right?” Beatriz asked.
“No,” Andrew said, his further reddening cheeks working against him.
“So you’re not looking at her?” Beatriz asked.  “Has college made you picky?”
Andrew was becoming flustered.  “I didn’t say that.”
“So you are looking at my girl?”
“Beatriz,” Leo said, coming to join Andrew in the doorway, “must you give all my guests a hard time even though this isn’t your home?”
“It’s all right,” Heaven said, “she’s only ribbing him.”
“Tickling my ribs, you mean,” Andrew said, miming a knife to his chest.  “Bea, don’t you wish someone else would partake in your oh so delightful humor?”
“Someone does,” Heaven said.
“Who?  Who on earth could tolerate her?” Andrew asked.
“Bennett,” Leo and Heaven said at the same time, causing Beatriz to frown.
“Shut up, the both of you,” she said, returning to her work.
“In that case you should go out with him,” Andrew said.  “If for no other reason than he puts up with you.”
“What kind of reason is that?” Beatriz said.
“As good as any,” Andrew said.
“I’m…I’m not interested in Bennett anymore.”
“Anymore?” Andrew asked.  “Are you saying there was a time when—”
“There was a time when Bennett and I…” she said, her voice softening as she looked over at Heaven, “but that time has passed.  Besides, he’s something of a mystery lately.  He’s no longer a boy but he’s well short of a man, so I have no idea what I would do with him.”
“Let whatever happens, happen?” Leo suggested.
“I still don’t think I’m ready to forgive him for what he’s done.”
“Well I hope that someone will have the patience to deal with you again one day,” Andrew said hopefully.
“I don’t want to be dealt with,” Beatriz said, dusting some blush over Heaven’s high cheekbones.  Damn, did she have to be so freaking perfect?  “But you,” she said, reaching out and pulling Heaven’s chin so she could look over her work, “you were meant to be loved, and loved well.”
“Thanks, Bea,” Heaven said over the sound of her father’s sudden cough.  “I’m so nervous I could puke.”
“Nervous about Clark?” Andrew scoffed.  “Now I’ve heard everything.”
“For the last time, Andrew, he’s all right,” Leo said defensively.  “I wouldn’t consider this if he wasn’t.  However, Heaven, if he asks you to do anything that makes you uncomfortable—”
“Dangit, dad,” Heaven said, “please don’t you dare give me the talk again.  Not in front of Bea and Andrew.”
“Your dad’s right though,” Beatriz said, releasing her chin and growing somber again.  “Clark may very well be a nice guy, but just remember that he’s still a guy, all right?  Romance is a dance best experienced on your feet rather than on your back with a man staring down at you.”
“Could you sound a bit more old-fashioned?” Heaven asked, though it was obvious the words bothered her.
“Don’t scare her,” Andrew said, narrowing his eyes.
“I’m not trying to scare her,” Beatriz said.  “Heaven knows what I’m talking about.  Always leave a guy wanting more or otherwise he will not want in the first place.  What good is a hamburger to a guy who’s already seen another guy take a bite from it?”
“Or tossed it in the trash because it wasn’t cooked right,” Heaven said, giggling.
“Or lent it to a friend to taste it,” Bea laughed.
“You two are crazy,” Andrew said.
“Despite her crude wording, Bea’s right,” Leo said, trying not to look embarrassed.  “Bea, are you going with her?”
“I am.”
“Then you know that I’m expecting you to watch over her—”
“Dad!” Heaven blurted out.  “I don’t need a babysitter.”
“I’ll watch her, Mr. George,” Beatriz said.  “You don’t have to worry about that.”
“You should worry about your outfit,” Andrew said, looking over Beatriz’s clothes.  She was dressed outlandishly as always in a too-large lime green sweater with purple leggings and silver shoes.
“I’ll wear what makes me happy, thanks,” Beatriz said, pulling up Heaven into a standing position.  “See what I mean?” she said to Leo.  “This is why I want nothing to do with a man.  Even when you have no tie to them, they feel they have the right to tell you how to dress.”
“I didn’t mean—” Andrew began as the doorbell rang from downstairs.
“They’re here,” Heaven said.  “I’m…I’m not ready!  Tell them to give me a few minutes.”
“You just want a grand entrance,” Beatriz said.  “How adorably old-fashioned of you.”
“Shut up, Bea,” she said, shoving her out the door.  “And go!  I’ll be down in a few.”
Andrew, Leo, and Beatriz left the room so Heaven could primp in the mirror.  Beatriz had done a good job on lining her eyes with brown liner, bringing out the blue and emphasizing her cheekbones.  Her hair looked sweet, though a touch sexy with the bangs and the long ponytail.  She heard Bennett’s voice immediately starting something with Bea, who was quick to respond, causing Donnie to laugh.
And then Clark joined in the laughter.
Hearing his throaty chuckle brought a smile to her lips.  Reaching over to grab her ivory cashmere sweater, she tucked it under her arm, happy to hear that her father and Clark were also talking quietly.  It was such a good feeling; she was on top of the world.
Nothing could ruin this moment.

Chapter Two

“Let’s dance,” Donnie said, reaching for Heaven’s hand while they sitting on the benches outside the ice cream shop.
“Are you drunk?” Heaven said, giving him her hand and allowing him to spin her around in the parking lot.
“Better to question his sanity,” Bennett said, managing to smoke and eat an ice cream cone with the same hand.
“Maybe you should question your own sanity,” Beatriz said, licking the edges of her ice cream sandwich.
“Maybe I should,” Bennett shot back.  “For a sane man wouldn’t dare to start another battle with you.  Can’t you leave me in peace?”
“I’ll leave you in peace when you stop waging chemical warfare on us with that thing in your hand,” she retorted.
“Oh?  This?” Bennett said, holding up his cone then dropping it and grinding it under his boot.  “Are you happy now, princess?”
“You know what I meant,” Beatriz grumbled.  “Not that I would expect you to listen to anything anyone says to you – let alone a woman.  The only opinion you trust is your own.”
“I do understand a woman’s words but you, Beatriz are no woman,” Bennett said, stubbing his cigarette as he pulled a fresh one out of the pack.
“She looks amazing, doesn’t she?” Clark said, smiling as Donnie and Heaven continued to sway in the parking lot, both of them smiling and glancing over at him.  “She never stresses about others looking at her but I enjoy watching her body move like that.”
“Move?” Bennett said, looking at her closely as he lit his new smoke.  “What part of Heaven’s body is even moving?  Heaven’s built like a child.  I prefer a woman with curves.”
“Heaven’s curves are enough for me,” Clark said.  He noticed Beatriz’s face flare up as though Bennett had lit her face on fire rather than a Marlboro.  “Though I will say, curves have their place in the world for the right man, but my eyes can only take in Heaven right now.”
A tipsy-looking blonde girl suddenly stepped out of the shadows with a smirking Bordin at her side.  “Heaven’s an illusion,” the girl said, walking up to the group.
“Gah!  Meagan, what’s that horrible smell?” Bennett said, pretending to gag.
“It isn’t me – I’m wearing Juicy,” Meagan said, falling rather than sitting next to Beatriz on the bench.
“No,” Clark said, frowning.  “It’s what you brought with you.  I thought the trash wasn’t supposed to be taken out until the weekend.”
“Hardy, har, har,” Bordin said, putting a hand on Meagan’s shoulder and squeezing it.  “I’m only here to get some ice cream…see?”  He held up his chocolate cone and Beatriz jumped up from the bench.
“Ugh, what are you doing here?  Seriously?” she said, warily glancing at Heaven.  “You better not be here to cause problems.  Where’s your idiot friend?”
“My friend?” Bordin repeated, thinking.  “My friend…”
“Jason,” Donnie said, finishing his dance with Heaven.  “Is Jason meeting you here tonight?”
“Hell if I know,” Bordin said.  “Can I have one of those?” he asked, turning to Bennett who was opening a fresh pack of cigarettes.
“Sorry bud, I just ran out,” Bennett said, shaking the full pack and fixing Bordin with a hard-eyed grin.
Bordin sniffed.  “Fine then, better for my lungs anyway, I suppose.”
“I want to dance, too,” Meagan said, pouting at Bordin.  “That looked like fun.”
“I suppose that anything looks fun to you considering how much you drank before we came here,” Bordin grumbled, shoving her away.  “Go then, go dance if you can find a partner.”
The door to the ice-cream shop swung open and a tall, wiry looking guy stepped out, using his foot to close the door.  His face lit up from behind his thick glasses as he caught the tail end of the conversation.
“I’ll be your partner,” the lanky newcomer said, walking towards them and eating french fries.  “Meagan, did you hear me?”
“I heard you, Bryan,” Meagan said, “get away from me before I catch some of your nerdiness.”
“Don’t be mean to him,” Donnie said.  “Musical theater is a great way to spend your time in high school.”
“If you’re a nerd,” Meagan said.  “However, if you would like to dance with me, Donnie—”
“I would not,” he said, eliciting a chuckle from Bennett and Beatriz.  “I only dance when I like the person I’m dancing with.”
“Awww come on,” Meagan said, pouting.
“I suppose I could dance with someone,” Clark said as he reached over and grabbed Beatriz’s hand, pulling her away from the benches and beginning to sway with her in the same way that Donnie had done with Heaven.  Bennett sneered but didn’t move from his spot, rolling his eyes and looking over at Meagan.
“It appears that no one wants to dance with you,” Bennett said drily.
“Are you going to ask me, then?” Meagan asked.
“Don’t be ridiculous.  As if I’d want to dance with you.”
“I don’t bite.”
“Thank God.  Who knows  what you’re carrying—”
“Ouch…”
“Not to mention I don’t like you.”
“What’s not to like?”
“Among other things, you hang out with him,” Bennett said, pointing at Bordin with his cigarette.  “He wouldn’t be fit to taste my ashes.”
“My offer still stands, Meagan,” Bryan said in a low voice.
“And my answer remains the same,” Meagan said.  “Please Bryan, leave me alone.  Your desperation is starting to stink up the parking lot.”
“I guess that’s your answer, then,” Bryan said, taking a seat on the furthest bench and calmly eating his fries.
“You hurt his feelings,” Bordin said, smiling.
“It’s probably good for him to receive practice in being rejected,” Meagan said.
“This is the place to be tonight, isn’t it?” Clark said, glancing over his shoulder to see Andrew helping a young woman with bright red hair from his car.  As the two walked up close, a playful smirk showed up on Clark’s face.  “I want to say it’s a surprise to see you, but I bet this isn’t a coincidence.”
“This place has the best chicken fingers,” Andrew said, confused at the sight of Clark dancing with Beatriz as Heaven sat and watched him dreamily.  “Everyone, this is Sola, a friend of mine from school,” he continued, introducing the redhead.
“I remember,” Heaven said, standing and giving the girl a quick hug.  “How are your classes going?”
Sola smiled, revealing a perfect pair of dimples.  “Okay.  It’s early in the semester so I can’t quite tell if I’m doing well or not.  Andrew’s been very helpful so far.”
“I doubt that,” Bennett said.  “I bet he’s only pretending to be helpful so he can tutor you in human anatomy.”
“Ugh!  Really, Bennett?  You’re so vulgar,” Beatriz screamed angrily, leaving Clark and storming over to glare at Bennett.  “You’re embarrassing everyone!”
“Ahh but you’re not blushing,” Bennett said.  “Which only proves what I had been saying earlier and that is that you miss, are no lady,” he said as he broke into laughter, smoke pouring out from his nose and mouth.
“Either way, no Bennett, I’m not trying to do that,” Andrew said, looking at Clark with a nervous eye.  “Come on, Sola, let’s get something to eat.”
“Great, I’m starving.  Nice to see you again, Heaven,” she said, leaning in towards her.  “And your date’s very cute,” she said, looking at Donnie.
“Him?  Oh he’s not my date,” Heaven said.  “We’re just friends.”
“I’m a friend who’s here to help a friend,” Donnie said.
“Help?”
“This one here,” Donnie said, wrapping his arm around Clark’s shoulder.  He smiled nervously.  “He’s the one with Heaven.”
“Oh, I see,” Sola said.  “Well we won’t bother you guys,” she said, nudging Andrew inside.  He seemed reluctant to go but was finally pushed through the door.
“That’s not embarrassing at all,” Clark said, smacking his forehead.
“It’s fine,” Bennett said.  “It’s true, isn’t it?”
“Well,” Bordin said, “I’m happy Heaven’s happy.”
“Liar,” Donnie said.
“It’s not your business,” Bennett said.
“Ahh, but this fine lady is, I’m sure of that,” Bordin went on, looking Beatriz up and down.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Bennett said.
“He lies,” Clark said.  “Dammit, Bennett, why do you have the ability to talk circles around everyone else but clam up when we talk about Bea?”
“Because there’s nothing there,” Donnie said, pulling her towards him.  “Isn’t that right, Bea?”
Beatriz frowned, not sure what to say with all the attention put on her.  In the streetlight of the parking lot she could see Bennett’s tense shoulders hidden under his worn leather coat, the stiffness in his scruffy jawline.  His eerie grey eyes fixated on hers.  “There’s nothing between us,” she said as Donnie began to twirl her around the sidewalk.
“Aww, what an adorable scene,” a new voice came from the parking lot, causing everyone at the small gathering to freeze up.  “What a cute little party everyone has going on here.”
“Jason,” Donnie said, releasing Beatriz into Bennett’s arms.  He pulled her close, and for once Beatriz did not argue, finding a surprising amount of comfort in those forearms.  His veins twitched beneath his dark skin and she pressed herself tighter against him to the surprise of both of them.  Heaven swallowed, running up to Clark and standing close by.
“Why all the fuss?” Jason asked, appearing in the streetlight.  “Don’t stop on my account.  This is a celebration, isn’t it?” he asked.
“What’re you doing here?” Donnie asked, shooting a warning look at Bordin.  He had no doubt been the reporter of all of this.  “Seriously man, we aren’t up for your drama tonight.”
“Donnie, when are you going to accept that I’ve changed?  I’m not here to cause any problems,” Jason said, looking at Beatriz and then Heaven.  “I’ve just heard the wonderful news that your charming new halfback has earned himself the lovely Heaven and I only wanted to see for myself if it was true,” he said innocently.  Clark wrapped a possessive arm around Heaven’s shoulders, pulling her to his chest.  Jason licked his lips.  “I see that what I’ve heard is true.  Well look at you, Clark, I wouldn’t have thought you were into girls but it appears I was wrong.  Maybe with a little less hair gel you could almost pass for a real guy.”
“Jason…” Donnie said in a warning voice.
He turned around with a smile.  “What?  I’m merely pointing out what must have attracted this oh so charming Heaven to Clark’s arms.  No longer are you a geeky, gawky boy who can barely stand on his own two feet.  Now you’re a big man, playing soccer with my Donnie every day.”
“How did you know we were here?” Clark snapped.  “You should leave.”
“You aren’t welcome here, either,” Bennett said, releasing Beatriz and walking up to Bordin.
“Relax,” Bordin said, holding up his arms.  “I’m not here to start anything with anyone, let alone you.”  He reached over and grabbed Meagan’s elbow.  “Let’s get out of here.  My parents will be asleep, we can watch Netflix,” he said.
“I’ll see you guys around,” Meagan said, allowing him to tug her away.  “Heaven?  I’ll see you later?”
“Of course,” she said, giving a small wave.
“I hope you enjoy her, Clark,” Bordin said sarcastically.  “From what I hear it’s quite the ride.”
“Jackass,” Clark called, giving Heaven’s shoulder a squeeze.  “As if Heaven would be with anyone else.”
“Wasn’t she at band camp all summer?” Bordin asked.  “I think we all know what really happens at band camp.  If I recall, I thought I saw a picture of her—”
“She wouldn’t,” Clark said defensively.
“Even if she did, why should it matter?” Beatriz said, suddenly shivering slightly.  She had no idea how cold it really was tonight.
“That’s because Clark doesn’t see Heaven as a girl but rather as a possession,” Jason said.  An awkward silence followed.  “Ahhh, so it seems I’m correct.”
“Please,” Clark said, narrowing his eyes, “get the hell out of here.  No one’s looking for trouble.  We’re just trying to have a good night.”
“If it’s such a good night, then why did you let your girl dance with someone else?” Jason asked, smiling at Donnie.  “Donnie, when will you learn to find a girlfriend of your own?  Will you never cease in trying to take other men’s women?”
“I wasn’t doing that,” Donnie said.  Clark, however, looked a little taken aback by this statement.
“You…you weren’t trying to take my girl, were you?” he asked.
“Don’t be a moron,” Donnie sputtered.  “I was talking you up to her.”
“It’s true, Clark,” Heaven said.  “Don’t get jealous.”
“I don’t like to speak ill of family, but you have reason to be,” Jason said, baiting him all the more.  “I see the way Donnie looks at your girl.  Surely you know that he’s not picky about what he can get his hands on?”
“Donnie isn’t like that,” Bennett said.
“Is that so?” Jason went on.  “Then why is he also after your girl?”
“She’s not my girl,” Bennett said.
“And she never will be,” Jason said.  “Be careful, Clark.  I know Donnie and I know that once he wants someone, he doesn’t care how he gets her.”
“Leave,” Donnie said, taking a step towards him.  “You’re ruining our night.”
“I’m only telling the truth,” Jason said, smiling at Clark.  “I think your friend knows that.”
“Just go,” Clark said.  “You’ve given me a lot to think about.”
Jason grinned, walking back to his car.  “Good,” he said.  “You may not like what I have to say, but I mean to be honest.”
“You mean to be deceitful,” Bennett said.
“What do you mean he gave you a lot to think about?” Heaven asked.
“I think I’m gonna head out,” Clark said.  “I’ll see you tomorrow at school?”
“What?  Why?”
“I just remembered I have a lot of homework to do,” Clark said.  “I’ll talk to you all later.”  Kissing Heaven awkwardly on the forehead, he walked to his car which was parked close to Jason’s and said a few passing words to him before getting in and driving away.
“What do you think Jason said to him?” Heaven asked, frowning.
“I don’t know,” Donnie said.  “He’s poisonous.”
“Jason can get into your head quickly,” Bennett said.  “Be careful, Donnie.”
“Careful?  Me?” Donnie said.  “I didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Any actions you take may stir up jealousy in our simple friend,” Bennett said.
“I was trying to help.  Is that so wrong?”
“You may have helped too much,” Heaven said, looking upset.  “I shouldn’t have danced with you like that.  Clark may have gotten the wrong idea.”
“We’re friends!  There’s nothing wrong with that,” Donnie said.  “Come on you guys, you’re all being pulled in by him.  Don’t let Jason trick you like this.”
“I should go,” Heaven said in a soft voice.
“Heaven,” Beatriz said, “don’t worry about Jason.”
“I’m not worried about Jason,” she said in a strangled voice, looking up the sidewalk towards her home.  Clark had left her without a ride but luckily the trip wasn’t far.  “I’m worried about Clark.  I have to try and call him.”
“And you need to go home to do that?” Beatriz asked as Heaven began to walk.
“I just need some privacy.”
“Don’t go alone!” Bennett shouted, turning to Bryan.  “Follow her home, you live close by.”
“Okay,” Bryan said, quickly catching up with her.
“I have to go to the bathroom,” Beatriz said suddenly.  “You guys better not leave me here to walk home alone.”
“We wouldn’t leave a girl to walk alone,” Donnie said.  “Would we, Bennett?”
He smirked.  “Not a girl.”

Chapter Three

Donnie whistled over at Bennett once Beatriz was inside.  Bennett shot him an angry look.  “What?” he asked.
“You pissed off Bea again,” he said, laughing a bit.
“What makes you say that?” Bennett asked.  “And what makes you think that I care?”
“You know you care—”
“All I know is that she seemed pretty pleased with herself when I protected her from that idiot, Jason.  I can’t stand that guy.”
“Well…I don’t know who can, but don’t you care about me taking her to the dance?”
“Why should I care?  I could perhaps appreciate her serpentine curves if her tongue wasn’t filled with so much venom.  How am I supposed to deal with her when all she wants to do is argue with me?  Even when I’m trying to be nice, is she happy about it?  No!  All she does is insult me.  Her words are like ice cutting across my face and my chest.  She only talks to me to get me riled up.  I wouldn’t take that woman to a circus, let alone a dance if it were up to me.  I only wish that someone would come along and take her away so maybe she would look as a woman should.”
“And how is that?  In love?”
“No,” he said with exasperation.
“You might not be so calm if someone did come along and steal her away from you,” Donnie said.  “What if it wasn’t me…”
“As if anyone else would be willing to put up with her.”
“Seriously, man.  What if it wasn’t me?  Could you handle seeing her with someone else?  Would you be able to sit there so calm and cool knowing that her lips were pressed against someone else’s?”
Bennett looked away.  “If you want her, then you can have her,” he said quietly.
“That’s still safe enough for you, isn’t it?  You’d rather her be with me than with someone else you didn’t know or didn’t trust.”
“I didn’t say that.  I said that if you want her, take her.”
“To keep her safe from guys who wouldn’t treat her as well as I would?” Donnie asked.  “That’s how you’d see it, isn’t it?  If Bea’s with me, at least you wouldn’t have to worry about someone taking advantage of her.”
“Beatriz is no virgin.”
“Neither are you,” Donnie said accusingly.  “That’s something that you two have in common, isn’t it?”
“Shut up,” Bennett said.  “I wouldn’t be able to deal with Beatriz if she was the last girl on earth.”
“Shhh,” Donnie warned.  “She’s coming back.”
Bennett stood up from the bench as Beatriz returned.  “It’s getting late,” he said as Beatriz looked at him with a peculiar expression.  “I have some things to take care of.  Do you need anything, Donnie?  I don’t mind making a run.”
“You don’t need to go anywhere.  Why don’t you stick around?” Donnie said, enjoying Bennett’s obvious discomfort.
“What’re you two talking about?” Beatriz asked, taking a seat on the bench that Bennett had just left.  It was still warm, smoke hovering around the area.  It smelled like him.  “Something wrong?”
“Nothing’s wrong with me,” Bennett grunted.  “I’m just ready to go, this is tired.  I’m going to head out.”
“W-what?” Beatriz stammered.  “What are you talking about?  What happened?”  She looked over at Donnie.  “Did you say something to him?”
“Me?” Donnie asked.  “I didn’t say anything.”
“It’s you who says too much,” Bennett said, turning and beginning his slow walk home.  “You frustrate me in ways that I cannot begin to comprehend.”
Beatriz watched him until he disappeared around a corner, then back to Donnie.  “What the hell did I do?”
“It appears that, as usual, you’ve pissed him off.  Bennett needed to take a break from you.”
“A break?” Beatriz asked.  “From what I remember, we’re still on a break.  He tells me he always just needs time to think, time to take for himself and yet it seems that he never changes.  I’ve given up on him.  I took a chance on him and it’s time to stop doubling down and fold while I still can.”
“You shouldn’t be so hard on him,” Donnie said.  “I can tell he still cares about you.”
“I don’t think you should be so worried about Bennett,” Beatriz said.  “You should be concerned with your friend and how you humiliated him.”
“I was helping,” Donnie said defensively.
“Call him,” Beatriz said.  “I’ll help you out of this mess if you would please drop the subject of Bennett.”
“Fine,” Donnie said, pulling out his phone and dialing Clark’s number.  When the two of them heard his voice they both shared a look, surprised at how tired and defeated he sounded.  “Are you still pissed?” he asked.
“Not as much as I was,” Clark said.
“I’ll let you get in a free shot before practice,” Donnie said, trying to lighten the mood.  “Just don’t hit my face, that’s the money maker.”
“I’m not going to hit you,” Clark said, laughing a bit.
“Clark, I have to be honest,” Donnie said.  “Jason lies and you should know that.  I have no interest in Heaven any more than Heaven would be interested in anyone but you.  When I was dancing with her, I was only trying to talk you up and tell her about the games she missed over the summer.”
“And…and what?” Clark asked.  “What did she say?”
“She was hanging on every word, what do you think she said?” Donnie said.  “Clark, the girl is crazy about you.  She wants you.  Can you please try to remember that?  Did you not feel her press up against you when Jason showed up to mess things up?”
“I remember,” Clark said.  “I wanted to protect her.”
“So do that,” Donnie said.  “Don’t listen to Jason.  He’ll only make you think about things best left alone.”
“I really messed things up believing him, didn’t I?”
“We all know how he can be,” Donnie said.  “Heaven will forgive you.  You should call her.”
“Now?”
“It’s not that late.  I’m sure Leo won’t mind if you keep it short.”
“I…I think I’ll do that,” Clark said, grinning into the receiver.  “I…I’m sorry, Donnie.  I have to stop taking Jason seriously.”
“It’s all good,” Donnie said.  “Go now, call her.”  He hung up the phone and turned to Beatriz.  “Those two might just be happy yet.”
“Thank hell,” Beatriz said, arching her back to stretch against the bench.  “Those two seem good together.”
“It’s always good to have someone in your life who can blend well into yours.”
“Yes…maybe,” Beatriz said, remembering Bennett’s arms when they wrapped around her waist and hips.  She had felt safe and secure in those arms, with the crinkling of worn leather dancing in her ears and the smell tickling her nose.
“No worries, Bea,” Donnie said.  “Despite falling out of Bennett’s good graces, you’re going to find a man who will match well with you.”
“I doubt that,” Beatriz said.  She looked out of the corner of her eye as Donnie sat down next to her, their thighs touching.  She suddenly felt self-conscious about his touch, her heavy thighs looking entirely too thick next to Donnie’s toned and trim ones.  “You’re too close,” she said, sliding away from him.  Donnie followed her, a soft look in his eye.
“Bea,” he said warmly.  “Do feel anything between us?”
“N-no,” she said, lowering her eyes.  “You’re…we’re not the same.  We come from different backgrounds—”
“Our parents come from different backgrounds,” Donnie said.  “You know that I don’t care about that shit.  You know how I feel about you.”  He reached out and grabbed her hand, forcing her to look at him.  “You see how I look at you, Bea.  You always think I’m joking but I only joke so I don’t look like an idiot.”
“Why would you look like an idiot?”
“Because you never take me seriously,” Donnie said.
“That’s because you’re always joking and smiling,” Beatriz said.  “I’m not the right person for you, Donnie.  I don’t like to joke around all the time when I’m feeling self-conscious.”
“I can be serious,” Donnie said, giving her hand a gentle squeeze.
“Heh…I’m sure you can but it’s me who doesn’t want to be serious with anyone right now,” Beatriz said.  “Donnie, you know that I care about you but—”
“You can’t for one second see another guy like you see Bennett?”
“That’s not it,” Beatriz said, pulling her hand from his.  Her heart felt like it was on fire.  Donnie was beautiful, more beautiful than she, but that was one of the reasons she couldn’t take him.  She wasn’t ready to spend her days primping to compete with her boyfriend.  He said that he liked her mouth now, but she knew that he would always look to silence it with a kiss.  “You’re too good for me,” she admitted.  “Your father would never approve of you dating someone like me.”
“That’s not true and I wouldn’t even care if it was,” Donnie said, offended.  “I can’t help the family I have, and I can’t stop myself from wanting what I want.”  He reached up again, taking her chin between his thumb and finger.  “I want everyone to see you the way I do—”
Their eyes met, and for a second Beatriz hesitated, getting lost in those hazel green pools.  She leaned forward, and Donnie reached slowly behind her head, pulling her closer to his face.  Their faces came together, the tip of her lower lip touching his when suddenly she jerked away.  “I…I should go,” she blurted out.
“Bea, please,” Donnie said, falling forward as she pulled away.  “Will you really not consider us?”
“I can’t,” she called over her shoulder.  “It’s not right.”
“A lady shouldn’t walk home alone,” Donnie said to her.
“As Bennett says, I’m no lady,” she called back.  “But perhaps I am a fool.”
“Why?”
“I rejected you for a man who cannot even see me as a woman.”
Donnie winced, feeling the rejection wash over him.  “He’s a fool too,” he whispered once Bea had disappeared.  He sat staring at the sky for nearly ten minutes, then suddenly he reached into his pocket, retrieved his phone and dialed.
“Hello?” Clark’s voice asked.
“Clark?  Are you alone?”
“No,” Clark said.  “I went to Heaven’s house.  She’s here with me.”
“That’s good,” Donnie said, “because there’s something that I want to talk to you both about.”
“Oh?” Heaven asked, her voice becoming louder as she leaned closer to Clark.
“Heaven, do you really believe that Bennett would be a good match for Bea?” Donnie asked.
“There’s no one better,” she said.
“I have to agree,” Clark agreed.
“So we agree that Bennett would be a good match for Beatriz.  They’re alike because they can’t help but banter—”
“And their backgrounds are similar,” Heaven added in.
“That doesn’t matter – backgrounds I mean.  The point is that they work,” Donnie said.  “I have a plan.  Heaven, you are going to work with your friends to convince Bea that Bennett’s still in love with her.”
“Is that all?”
“It’s not impossible,” Clark said.  “And all the while…”
“All the while,” Donnie continued, “the guys on the soccer team will try to trick Bennett into thinking that Bea’s still in love with him.”
“But she is,” Heaven said.
“She’ll never actually admit that,” Donnie said.  “If we can convince Bennett that Bea has changed and is willing to give him a second chance, then perhaps we will have two relationships this year.”  He sighed a bit, still stung that Beatriz had rejected him.  But he felt as though this was the next best thing.  If he could not enjoy Bea himself, then he would at least guide her to a man that matched her well.  “Despite how difficult Bennett can be, I think he still cares for Bea.”
“It doesn’t sound impossible,” Heaven said.  “I’ll be happy to help with this.”
“Me too,” Clark said.  “What brought this about though, Donnie?  I thought you were going to ask Bea to the dance?”
“She turned me down,” Donnie said.  “I’m over it.”
“B-but,” Heaven stammered over the phone, “do you want to talk about it?”
“I don’t,” Donnie said.  “I’ll see you both tomorrow.”
“Donnie—”
He hung up the phone before Heaven could add another word.  As he walked to his car, Donnie reached up and touched his lip, remembering the slight tingle when Bea had almost given in to him.
“It’s better this way,” he muttered, starting up the engine.  “I want her to be happy.”

Chapter Four

Lounging on the hood of his car, Bordin blew a fresh stream of smoke into the air.  “Things could have been worse,” he said to Jason as he stood next to his car, arms crossed.
“You were supposed to make it look as though I’ve changed.  You’d think I was a villain,” Jason said angrily.  “It’s over now.  Did you see the way that simple girl clung to Clark?  When did this happen?  Boys do not turn into men overnight.”
“I think we made good progress,” Bordin said lazily.  “I think you planted a seed of doubt in Clark’s simple mind.”
“What good is a seed without water and sun to help it grow?”
“I agree,” Bordin said, “which is why you should listen to me when I say that not all hope is lost.”
“Oh?” Jason asked.  “You think you can do something about Clark’s happiness?  I would love to hear it because when I see him smiling and hugging her, I get so pissed off.  Please, tell me, do you actually have a plan?”
“I do,” Bordin said, tossing his cigarette across his parent’s lawn.  “Though I will say, it’ll be dishonest.”
“Wow, there’s a surprise.  Tell me your plan.”
“I’m sure you’re aware that I’m seeing Meagan now—”
“Along with—”
“I’m dating Meagan,” Bordin interrupted.  “She doesn’t need to know what I’m doing when I’m not with her.”
“Smart man.”
“Anyway, Meagan always mentions to me how much she wants to hang out with Heaven…she wants to be in that stupid little circle they’ve created.”
“Go on with the plan.  I’m getting bored.”
“Meagan has a sort of infatuation with Heaven.  I think I can arrange something that will ruin Heaven’s clean image in the eyes of Clark and even Donnie.”
“Oh?”
“Yes.  Remember, Donnie wants to get along with you—”
“He has an odd way of showing it,” Jason said.
“He does,” Bordin urged.  “What you need to do is pull Donnie aside and tell him he made a huge mistake setting up Clark with Heaven.  Lie and say that you wouldn’t bring this up but you know how sensitive Clark is and don’t want to see him get caught up with that kind of girl.  Tell him that you’ve changed and want to help him out in any way you can.”
“This part better be the lie.”
“Of course,” Bordin chuckled.  “Donnie’s only slightly less simple than Clark.  He’ll believe you.”
“What does this have to do with Heaven?”
“Let’s set her up to look like a whore.”
“A whore?” Jason repeated.  “Clark may be stupid but he’d never believe that.  To everyone at that school, Heaven is an angel walking around the earth.”  He rolled his eyes.  “Really, Bordin, that’s your plan?”
“It can work if you would give me time to explain.”
“I have time, stop wasting it.”
“Talk to Donnie and Clark.  Let them know I’ve been underhanded in more ways than one, making moves on the sainted Heaven.  Clark will hardly be able to control his jealousy, and even if he doesn’t want to believe it, he’ll find himself keeping a closer eye on her.  Tell him that you’re sure that Heaven was being very…experimental at band camp.  Hint that there are pictures going around.”
Jason smiled.  “That could work, playing on Clark’s jealousy.”
“Clark’s a moron.  Now Donnie may be harder to convince, so this is where we’ll need proof.  A weak relationship may be ruined with words, but to make sure this works, we’ll need to take another step.”
“Continue.”
“Meagan, has often asked me to call her Heaven when we’re…um—”
“Making out?  Doing it?” Jason chuckled.
“Whatever, the point is Meagan likes me to call her Heaven—”
“That’s sick, man.  Even for you,” Jason exclaimed, slamming his friend with his arm.  “That’s disgusting.”
“But convenient,” Bordin said.  “Tell them you’ve driven past her house and seen the light on at unusual times, men crawling out from her window and maybe even flashes from a cell phone camera.”  He shook his head.  “Clark will be so pissed he won’t be able to contain himself.  The idea of his perfect girl showing herself off to random strangers?  That’s when you step in and offer to help show them the proof.  You’ll take them to Heaven’s house when I’m having Meagan over.  I’ll take care of the rest.”
“You’ll have Meagan screaming your name?”
“What does that matter?  You’re going to hear me calling out ‘Heaven!  Heaven!’” he said, thrusting his hips forward.  “Besides, with a little Photoshop I think I can create something quite believable.  The doubt turns into proof.  Proof that not even Donnie can deny.”
“Clark will be pissed,” Jason said.  “I’m sure that he’ll do something stupid to embarrass her.”
“And to top it off, Donnie will look bad for setting up his friend with a filthy girl like that.”
“I love it,” Jason said.  “I love it!  Pass me a smoke.  Screw my lungs.”
The two lay back on the hood of Bordin’s car for a while in silence, watching the evening turning to night.  As Jason finally stood up to walk home, he looked over his shoulder.
“We’ll take care of this,” Jason said.  “What can I do to repay you?”
“Some time alone with Heaven for real would suit me perfectly,” Bordin said.  “You’ll be surprised how good this will be.”
“Sick bastard,” Jason laughed as he began his walk home.  “I’ll figure something out.”

Chapter Five

“Freshman!” Bennett barked over his shoulder after the next day’s practice was over.
“Yeah, boss?” the nervous kid asked.
“Make sure you clean up the cones and the flags before Donnie and Clark get back, huh?”
“Can I get someone else to help?”
“No,” Bennett said.  “Clean up like I said before they get back…shit, here they come,” Bennett grumbled, watching Clark and Donnie return from their run with Bryan by their side.  His band practice must have ended early.  “Get going, frosh,” he said, shoving him away.
“Yes, boss,” the freshman said, starting to clean up the field.
“What could they all possibly be talking about?” Bennett asked, starting to walk towards them.  Catching his name from Bryan’s mouth, he smiled.  “Gossiping like The Golden Girls?  Well we’ll see what those idiots are up to,” he chuckled, ducking behind a large low-hanging tree by the parking lot as they approached.  He quickly pushed aside some branches and hid himself.
“Sing for us,” Donnie said to Bryan.  “Unless you’re using your throat for other things—”
“I’m telling you guys, I’m worn out,” Bryan said.
“But it’s too damn quiet,” Donnie said.  “Usually Bennett is here providing us with entertainment.”
“Maybe we’ll finally be able to hear ourselves think?” Clark suggested.
“It probably sounds like crickets,” Bryan joked.
“Now for that, you have to sing,” Clark said.
“Wait,” Donnie said, lowering his voice.  “Do you guys see what I see?”
“If you’re talking about Bennett ‘hiding’ in the tree, yes,” Clark said.  “Bryan, start singing.”
“I’m not going to randomly sing.”
“Your voice is so pretty.  It’s like a woman’s,” Clark said, smiling.
“As flattering as that is,” Bryan said.  “I’m still not going to sing.”
“Oh fine, then simply play along, we are trying to convince Bennett that Bea still loves him,” Donnie explained quietly.
“Does she?”
“We are under the assumption that she must,” Clark said.
“Is that because she rejected you?” Bryan asked, looking at Donnie.
“Who told you about that?”
“Oh you know…people,” Bryan said, shrugging.  “So it’s true then.  You were rejected by Bea last night?”
“We just kissed,” Donnie said.  “I’m over it.”
“Already?”
“Not soon enough,” he said lowering his voice.
Bennett tried to catch their words, only noticing the name Bea.  Damn, that girl seemed to intrude on everything even when she wasn’t around.
“You gossip like a girl,” Donnie said.
“Sometimes,” Bryan said.
“I can’t believe people are talking about me,” Donnie said.  “Don’t people have anything else to do?”
“Who cares what people say?” Clark said.  “Once we fix up Bennett and Bea, no one’s going to care that she rejected you.”
“Rejection?” Bennett whispered as the group approached.  They paused at Bryan’s car and he stepped in.  “Shit, can’t they talk a little louder?  I can’t hear a thing.”
“We’ll fix this,” Donnie said.  “If these two idiots can’t see that they’re perfect for each other, then we’ll have to force them together.”
“He’s listening,” Bryan said.
“Good,” Donnie said, pleased to hear it.  “Come on, you’re not leaving yet.  We have to mislead him.”
“Is this really the best way?” Bryan asked.
“Come on, we need you,” Clark said in a loud enough voice for Bennett to hear.  “There’s something we have to talk about.”
Bryan rolled his eyes as he noticed Bennett watching them closely.  Could it be that he still loved her?  Dropping off his backpack on the front seat of his car, he followed Clark and Donnie as they walked towards the fields and the tree in which Bennett thought he was hiding.
“In love?” Bryan said loudly.  “Bea?” he asked, playing along with Clark and Donnie.
“It’s true, I heard Heaven say it,” Clark said.
“That’s messed up,” Bryan said.  “I thought that she hated him.”
“There’s a thin line between love and hate, Bryan,” Donnie explained.  “I would know personally because Bea rejected me only a few hours ago.”
“Rejected?” Bennett whispered.  “Rejected Donnie only last night?”
“I don’t understand it,” Donnie said.  “I said all the right things and even messed around with her in the same way she does with Bennett, but nothing.  She turned me away and walked herself home before I had a chance to get over the shock.”
“Maybe she’s just being shy,” Bryan said.
“Bea’s a lot of things, but shy isn’t one of them,” Donnie said.  “She likes someone else.”
“Who?”
“Bennett.”
“How can you know that?” Bryan asked as he shook his head.  “What makes you think she’s in love with him?  She says horrible things about him during study hall.”
“But she is talking about him,” Donnie said.
“I heard her talking to Heaven,” Clark said.  “Last night she came to talk to her, so I hid in the closet so she wouldn’t see me.”
“And she really said she likes Bennett?” Bryan asked.
“She said she was in love,” Clark said.
Bryan looked doubtful but Clark’s eyes widened, pressing him to move on.  “And still is?”
“Bea talked about Donnie for a moment,” Clark explained, “but she would not stop going on about how Bennett pulled her into his arms when Jason showed up.”
“It’s true,” Bennett whispered, leaning a bit closer.  “I thought I felt something.”
“I can’t lie,” Clark said.  “I heard Bea say it with her own mouth—”
“A mouth that never ceases to stop moving,” Bennett chuckled.
“And believe me, I was as shocked as you guys,” Clark went on.
Bennett shifted his feet guiltily.  “I know I shouldn’t listen, but it’s their fault for talking so damn loud.”
“Keep it up,” Donnie hissed to his friends.  “He’s interested.”
“Is she going to tell Bennett how she feels?” Bryan asked.
“No,” Clark said stonily.  “And I don’t think she plans to.  That’s why she’s been acting so weird around him.  It’s why she spits fire.  That way she doesn’t accidently shoot fluffy hearts in his direction—”
“Fluffy hearts!” Bryan exclaimed.  “Not from our Beatriz.”
“She attempted to write an email the other day,” Clark explained, “telling him how she felt.  I didn’t see it personally, it’s on her computer, but she was talking to Heaven about it and I overheard.”
“That would explain the picture she has hidden on her desktop,” Donnie said.  “I’ve seen it.  She has a picture of Bennett playing soccer.  She must have taken it over the summer.”
“Yes,” Clark said, hardly able to contain his laughter.  “I think that I do remember seeing that picture hidden on her phone as well.  She must be—”
“This must be love,” Bryan said, fully caught up in the story now, with no clue as to what was true and false.
“But it’s not all happy,” Donnie said in a somber voice.
“No,” Clark said.  “The reason Bea cares so much for Bennett is because she compares him to herself.  She knows he would laugh at such an email.”
“Oh he would,” Donnie said.  “He can be such an ass sometimes.”
“I wouldn’t laugh about that,” Bennett said quietly.
“I don’t even want to think about it,” Bryan said.  “And that’s such a shame because I bet Bea was being completely honest for once.  She’s always had a way with words.”
“On paper,” Bennett grumbled, still agreeing.
“Yeah,” Donnie said.  “Damn, I wish she would write a note like that to me.”
“Like she’d ever do that,” Bennett said to himself.
“I’m worried about her,” Donnie said.  “Bea deserves to be happy and I think giving Bennett a second chance isn’t the best idea.”
“She should just tell him how she feels,” Bryan suggested.
“And then what?  Let him mock her mercilessly?  Tease her?  You know how cruel Bennett can be.”
“Well if she won’t tell him, then perhaps someone else should,” Bryan suggested.
“That would be worse,” Donnie said.
“He would laugh at us and then laugh in her face,” Clark said.
“No one should laugh in that girl’s face,” Donnie growled.  “Bea’s the total package.  Looks and smarts and—”
“How smart can she be if she loves Bennett?” Clark asked.
“Heh, I suppose that’s true,” Donnie said.  “Bea’s wise beyond her years but I must remember she’s still capable of liking the wrong guy.”  He sighed deeply, smiling as he saw Bennett out of the corner of his eye growing more and more frustrated.  “I wish things would’ve gone better last night.”
“You kissed her,” Bryan said.  “There’s still hope.”
“Hope for what?  She pulled away before I could make her mine.  She looked pissed…and not the good kind of pissed.  She’s not meant for me, which is a shame because I do care for her and want to see her happy.”
“You’re too nice for your own good,” Clark said.  “She deserves to be loved by you.”
“Like I said, it’s over.  I think that what must happen next is for Bennett to know.”
“Are you sure that’s smart?” Bryan asked.
“We’re stuck in limbo, don’t you think?” Donnie asked.  “Bennett would rather die than have Bea’s love and Bea would rather die than have Bennett find out how she feels about him.  Even if Bennett loves her back, I’m not sure that Bea would want that love because she would think it was out of pity.”
“Bennett isn’t that cruel, is he?” Clark said.
“I hope not,” Bryan said.
“These things have nothing to do with being proper, though.  Bea would know.  She can sniff out insincerity like a bloodhound sniffs out coke.  However…” Donnie relented, “he’s very witty.  It seems as though Bea likes hanging around him, though she may not be willing to admit that to anyone but Heaven.”
“Heaven wouldn’t want to stir up trouble,” Clark said.  “She’d never bring it up.”
“Maybe we shouldn’t either,” Bryan warned.
“No,” Bennett said.  “You have to tell me, otherwise I’ll just have to sit on all of this news.”
“I don’t think we should say anything,” Clark said.  “Revealing this information to Bennett would only prove that I was eavesdropping on a private conversation.”
“Same here,” Donnie said.  “Bea just needs time to get over him. Hell, maybe she will start to see me in a new light.”
“She never will,” Bennett hissed as they came closer.
“Damn you guys,” Bryan said, shaking his head.  “So much information.  I think I need to go home and take a nap.”
“You’re such an old woman.  See you later, Bryan,” Donnie said.
“Thanks for listening,” Clark said.  “I hope this conversation will remain just between us?”
“It will,” Bryan said.  “Have a good night!” he called over his shoulder.
“Good night,” Donnie said, lowering his voice.  “I think he caught every word.”
“Good,” Clark whispered before raising his voice loud enough for Bennett to hear.  “I’m starving.  Want to get dinner?”
“You know I do,” Donnie said.  “Are you going to bring Heaven?”
“Sounds like a plan.”
“And Bea?” Donnie asked.  “Should we invite her or will Bennett throw a fit?”
“Invite them both,” Clark said.  “In fact, let’s go find Bennett and force him to invite her personally.”
“She’s studying in the library,” Donnie said.  “We should just invite her ourselves.”
“Yeah, but let’s go find Bennett first.  And remember, not a word about Bea.”
“Consider the subject closed,” Donnie said, following Clark back into the school building, leaving Bennett to extricate himself from the tree.  After he’d freed himself, he began rubbing the back of his mocha-hued neck.
“So it’s true,” Bennett said, watching his friends walk back into the building.  “I…I didn’t think that such a thing would be possible given the way she speaks to me, but if they think that I’ll just sit on this, then they don’t really know me.  If Beatriz chooses to love me, then I’ll love her back.  Donnie thinks that he’s the only one who sees her beauty, but dammit, I’m not blind.  It is true that I’ve loved her for a while now.  I love how she isn’t built like Heaven, but like a woman.  Curves everywhere.
Of all the women I’ve met in my life, only one has had the wisdom and wit to challenge mine, and I don’t doubt she feels the same.  Though Donnie and Clark may say she’s not smart for loving me, I must say that she is.  I love how intelligent she is and how she banters with me.  I must have sealed away my feelings for Beatriz because now I suddenly feel so light.  I loved her once, so certainly I will love her again.  Christ!” he shouted into the air.  As he began to walk back towards the school, he saw the door of the building open and Beatriz step out.  “She’s coming.  Could it be that she is coming to find me after speaking to Clark and Donnie?  They said they would keep their mouths shut, but what other reason can there be?”
“There you are,” Beatriz said, walking up to him with an annoyed expression.  “Clark and Donnie are looking for you.”
“Are you?”
“Not exactly,” Beatriz said.  “Since I just finished studying, they asked me to come outside to find you and let you know we’re all going to dinner tonight.”
“Are you coming?” Bennett asked.
“When I said ‘we’re all going to dinner tonight,’ I thought I was being pretty clear, but since you have a vacant look in your eyes that would rival Clark’s during an exam, I won’t confuse you further.  I’ll be there.”
Bennett rolled his eyes.  She was a difficult woman, this one.  “Well thank you for taking the pains to deliver this information to me.”
“Indeed, it certainly was painful,” Beatriz said.  “For seeing that ridiculous look on your face brings pains to my stomach and to my heart.”
“Your heart?”
“Yes, you make it feel as though I have heartburn,” Beatriz said, clutching her chest through her leather vest.  “Seriously though, why do you look so goofy?”
“No reason, Beatriz.  Can’t I look happy?”
“I’ll be happier if you choke on a cigarette over dinner,” Beatriz said, turning back around.
“Don’t be so harsh.  That wouldn’t actually make you happy, would it?” Bennett asked, falling in step with her.  “You have to admit that you don’t actually want me to die.”
“Maybe not,” Beatriz said, fixing her hair.  “Why are you talking like this?  I just told you that I wanted you to choke.”
“I know you’re only joking,” Bennett said.  “Are you going to sit next to me tonight?”
“Am I supposed to sit at another table?”
“I would love for you to sit on my lap,” Bennett said.
“Ha!  I’m not willing to take the blame for crushing your thighs before your next match.”
“You’re not heavy,” Bennett said.  “I could hold you.”  Beatriz stopped for a moment, looking at him carefully.  “Did I say something wrong?”
“You’re acting weird,” she said.
“I could, though,” Bennett continued, and stopping in front of the school building, he leaned his back up against the brick wall.  “You’re a strong woman, but I’m strong enough to hold you.”
“I…” she stepped up closer to him and he reached forward, grabbing her vest and pulling her to him.
“If you had a secret, you’d tell me right?” he asked.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Beatriz said.  “Let me go, I need to get my stuff.”
“And I need to look at you for a minute,” he said, keeping his grip tight.  Glancing over her, he could hardly believe that he had forgotten how striking she was.  He took in the dark freckles on her skin, the heavy liner around her chocolate eyes.  She didn’t look away, thinking this was a challenge now and met his gaze with an intensity that sent shivers of excitement through his entire body.  “I can hold you better than any other man,” he growled.
“Leave me alone!” she shouted, jerking away from his grasp.  “I’ll see you at dinner,” she said, disappearing into the school.
“See me at dinner?” Bennett asked, watching her through the door as she walked down the hallway.  “I will see you at dinner, Lemondrop,” he said, dropping his voice to a low whisper.  “I’ve denied my feelings for too long.  I can safely say that I’m interested, for if I wasn’t, I’d worry my heart had been removed two years ago.  I look forward to dinner, Beatriz, as I look forward to loving you once again.”



Act Three

Chapter One

The next week Bennett’s mind still buzzed with not so subtle hints from his friends.  Once his change in behavior became too obvious to ignore, the girls finally decided to try and pull Beatriz into the mix.  While the boys had a scrimmage after school, Heaven gathered up Meagan and even invited Andrew’s friend Sola since it seemed as though she was having a difficult time adjusting to college.  She sounded ecstatic over phone and was happy to oblige, even after hearing Heaven’s plan.
“I didn’t take you for a schemer,” Sola said as she joined them in the bleachers facing the field.
“I’m not scheming,” Heaven said in her defense.  “I’m helping two people – who I know are in love – find romance.”
“Is that how Clark worded it?” Sola asked.
“Please,” Meagan said, “as if Clark could be so eloquent.”
“Some men aren’t good with words,” Heaven said.  “The point is we’re doing this to help our friends.”
“You make it sound so Shakespearean,” Meagan said, grinning happily.  She could tell that Bennett and Clark disapproved of her friendship with Heaven, but they were on the field and she on the sidelines, so there wasn’t much that could be done about it.  “So what is my part in this romantic experiment?”
“Bea’s inside studying in the library—” Heaven began.
“As always,” Meagan chipped in, trying to be funny but the other two girls frowned at her.
“There’s nothing wrong with wanting to educate yourself,” Sola said.  “Trust me, at college the most important thing you need to have is self-control and Beatriz is already amazing with that.”
Meagan rolled her eyes.  “Just tell me the plan,” she said.
“Run inside and let Bea know that Sola and I are gossiping about her,” Heaven said.
“Would she even believe me?” Meagan asked.
“I wouldn’t blame her if she didn’t,” Sola said.
“Do you want to go?” Heaven asked Sola.  “Maybe it would make more sense if you were the one who went in to tell her.  Meagan is more likely to gossip than you are.”
“Hey!” Meagan squealed but then lowered her head.  “All right, so maybe that would be a bit more believable.”
“Yes!” Heaven yelled, standing up on the bleacher and pumping her fist into the air.
“What’re you doing?” Meagan asked.
“Didn’t you see my Clark?” Heaven said.  “That was amazing!”
“What was amazing?” Sola asked.
“Oh…never mind,” Heaven said, taking her seat.  “But yes, now that I think about it, Sola, you could head into the library and talk to Bea.  Tell her Meagan’s gossiping and you don’t like it when people talk about others when they’re not around to defend themselves.”
“She’ll believe it,” Meagan said.
“Unless…” Sola said, trailing off with a smile, looking out from the corner of her eye.  “Unless I’m mistaken, is that Bea sneaking out from school?”
“To watch the game?” Meagan asked.
“Don’t look,” Heaven hissed as she tried to keep the girls focused.  “She must still be confused with the way Bennett’s been acting towards her lately.  I bet she’s here to watch him play.”
“How lucky are we?” Meagan hissed.  “Should we start?”
“Hecks yes,” Heaven said, smiling as she watched Beatriz walk up behind the grandstand and position herself under the bleachers nearby in a spot where she could watch the field while remaining hidden.
“Bennett’s already weird around Bea,” Sola whispered to Heaven so that even Beatriz could not hear.  “We only have to bait Beatriz and then maybe they’ll be dating before Halloween.”
“I agree,” Heaven whispered back.  “Let’s not waste time.”  Raising her voice a bit, she turned to Sola with a scornful look.  “I can’t believe that Bennett’s making such a fool of himself in front of her.  Bea can be so harsh sometimes.  She’s mean to him, laughing behind his back I’m sure.”
“Does he really even care about her?” Sola asked.  “The vibe I got at the diner was that they couldn’t stand each other.”
“Bennett plays along with Beatriz’s silliness,” Heaven said, “but trust me when I say he cares about her.  Clark told me.”
“Did you tell her about it?” Sola asked.
“They wanted me to say something but I talked them out of it.  If Clark and Donnie really care as much for their friend as I think they do, they’ll keep quiet about the whole thing.”
“Why would you tell them to keep it a secret?” Sola asked, pretending to become upset as she saw movement below them out of the corner of her eye.
“Bennett’s used to brooding,” Heaven said.  “He’ll be able to keep this information to himself.”
“That isn’t fair,” Sola said.  “Don’t you think Bennett shouldn’t have to be brooding all the time?  I mean don’t get me wrong, it’s kind of sexy, but if there’s someone out there who can actually make him smile, then who are we to stop him?  Bea seems nice, despite her mouth.”
“I know Bennett deserves to be happy,” Heaven said.  “Do you think we enjoy seeing him with that dark cloud following him around?  Bea would never accept his love, nor should she.  She still hasn’t forgiven him for what he did two years ago—”
“What happened?”
“Please, Sola,” Heaven said, looking pained, “I don’t want to talk about it again even though Bea isn’t here.  She was destroyed…the point is that Bea’s still bitter about it and refuses to believe that Bennett can change.  Bennett knows that she can’t take him back because she actually likes arguing more than being happy.  He says she’s full of herself and he’s fine with that.  He’s fine to oblige her with occasional arguments because he knows that no one else can match her in wit.  She probably doesn’t even understand what love is at this point.”
“That’s so sad,” Sola said in a soft voice.  “Could you imagine what Bea would do to that poor boy in love?”
“Make fun of him, I suppose,” Heaven said.  “She’d take his words and turn them back against him, living in the past as she always does.”
“I couldn’t imagine Bennett being able to take the full brunt of her words,” Meagan said, shuddering at how the woman could spit words like fire and ice for effect.
“If anyone can, it’s him,” Sola said.
“I’ve tried to set her up with other guys on the team but she couldn’t be less interested!  If he’s tall, she complains; if he’s short, she complains.  If he’s athletic she says he reminds her of Bennett, but if he doesn’t care for sports she becomes upset because he’s nothing like Bennett.  She doesn’t want a dark-skinned man because he looks like Bennett and a fair-skinned man makes her forget about him.  Ugh!  She drives me crazy.  She doesn’t want him to be shy, but she doesn’t want him talking all the time.  So here we have it girls, a woman who won’t show interest in anyone because they either remind her too much or not enough of Bennett.”
“I hate girls like that,” Meagan said.  “So finicky.”
“We have girls in college like that,” Sola said.  “They pick apart a guy until he’s nothing but a list of terms.”
“Maybe one of you could tell her that she’s being finicky?” Heaven asked.  “If I told her, she’d rip me apart because I know deep down she thinks she’s smarter than me.”  Heaven tried to keep her voice steady, worried that this might have been taking the joke too far, but she wanted to keep Bea’s attention.  “She might listen to you, Sola.”
“Oh no!  I’m not going to tell her that!” Sola exclaimed.  “Though I agree that Bea should at least know about how Bennett truly feels.  It seems unfair to the both of them.  Maybe it wouldn’t be that bad?”
“I think it’d be worse,” Meagan chided.
“I have to agree with Meagan,” Heaven said, sighing dramatically.  “Oh!  Go Clark!” she screamed as he dribbled down the field.  “Go, baby, go!”
“Who cares about this stupid game?” Beatriz grumbled to herself from under the bleachers.  “What are you guys going to do about Bennett?”  She stole a look at Bennett on defense, looking handsome as always, though she would rather die than say so aloud.  “Am I really that finicky?” she whispered, remembering her friend’s words.
“But no,” Heaven said loudly after Clark had the ball stolen from him.  “I think you’re right, Meagan, though I hate to admit it.  I’ll talk to Bennett and let him know to hide his feelings because she’ll never return them.  Maybe I’ll just tell him that Bea has found another man a few years older than him…that will kill him.”
“You shouldn’t do that,” Sola said.  “I’m sure that Bea would be willing to give Bennett another chance despite what he did to her in the past.  They were both a lot younger.  People make mistakes.  As smart as Bea is, I would hate to think she wouldn’t even consider giving Bennett a second chance.  He seems like he’s good for her.”
“No other man would suit her as well,” Heaven agreed. “But he still doesn’t have anything on Clark.”
Sola looked at the field, glancing at Clark and then at Bennett, clearing her throat.  “I hope you don’t think I’m rude for saying this Heaven, because I’m not interested in either of them, but Bennett is much more my style than Clark.”
“How?” Heaven asked.
“His looks—”
“Clark looks great!”
“Clark’s a fine looking boy,” Sola corrected, eliciting a smile from Meagan.  She must have agreed.  “While Clark’s certainly grown up over the summer, he still looks like another pretty boy to me.  He’s still too pretty to be taken seriously as a man.  I’d worry about breaking him.”
“Sola!” Meagan blurted out, enjoying where the conversation was headed.  “Finally we’re speaking the same language.  A boy like Clark may not know what to do with a woman—”
“He knows,” Heaven said defensively.  “I can’t help it if you guys can’t see it.  I like him just the way he is.”
“Bennett’s also damn smart,” Sola went on.  “I heard that he’s applying to an Ivy League school and he could graduate earlier—”
“Is going to an Ivy League really a true measure of intelligence?” Heaven asked, wondering if he could really afford college.  Like Bea’s family, Bennett’s family was just getting by, and Ivy League might be a little out of his grasp.
“Plus he’s an amazing soccer player,” Meagan said, looking at Bennett’s thighs as he blasted a free kick off the crossbar.  “I wonder what’s under those shorts—”
“He does have a nice body…” Heaven said.
“Well he earned that body from what I’ve heard,” Sola said.  “From what I know, he worked out like crazy all summer making sure he was in shape for the season—”
“He only did that so he wouldn’t have to give up smoking,” Meagan said.
“I still wish he’d quit,” Bea whispered from under the bleachers.
“We’re talking too much about Bennett,” Heaven said.  “We’re talking about him as though he were a piece of meat.”
“And what a tender cut of meat he is,” Meagan said hungrily.
“A prime rib if I ever saw one.”
“Enough,” Heaven said as a whistle sounded loudly.  “Halftime,” she said, smiling as she stood up and caught a glimpse of Beatriz trying to hide her whereabouts.  “Let’s get something to drink.  I could go for a pop.”
As they walked down the bleachers and toward the concession stand, Sola and Heaven looked pleased.
“I think we got to her,” Sola said.  “And it even worked with me talking and Meagan remaining silent.”
“For once,” Heaven said.
“It worked though – Meagan’s silence ensured that she was listening,” Sola said.  “I’m sure she fell for it.”
Heaven smiled.  “Maybe Cupid not only carries a bag of arrows, but snares as well.”
The girls giggled, turning to look back at the bleachers only to see Bea slowly walking back toward the school and back to her studies.
Crossing her arms, Beatriz shook her head as she entered the school and leaned her back up against the door.  “I can’t believe that’s how my friends see me,” she said.  “I’ve always been nice to Heaven and I never once said I was smarter than her.  I…I can’t believe that Bennett would be willing to get back together with me.”
Her eyes widened with realization.
“So that’s why he was acting so creepy last week.  So it’s true.  He wants me to take him back.  God, I hope Heaven and Sola don’t talk about me like that to Bennett, and Meagan better keep her damn mouth shut.  I guess I could try to be nicer to Bennett so he’ll tell me how he feels.”  She smiled.  “I just may take you back, Bennett,” she said, walking back to the library.  “And not only because of what I just heard.”

Chapter Two

“I’m transferring,” Donnie said, rubbing the back of his neck as he stood on the deck facing the backyard.  The grass was a little overgrown and the air still stunk of summer and heat but at least they were able to talk outside without breaking into a sweat.
“What?” Clark shouted.  “What do you mean you’re transferring?”
“I have all of my credits,” Donnie explained.  “I’m actually going to graduate in December rather than June.”
“So you’re still going through with that?” Bennett asked.  “I don’t understand.  Why didn’t you mention it again sooner?”
“I wasn’t going to say anything until the season was over, but I thought you guys deserved to know.”
“So you’re going to stay until the end of the season?” Clark asked.
“Yes, of course.  I’ll still be around but I’ll be over at the community college, picking up some classes for my degree.”
“You could stay here,” Clark said.
“There’s nothing left for me here,” Donnie said.  “Bennett, as far I know, you’re close to doing the same thing as well, with the classes you took over the summer our sophomore year.”
“Since when is everyone taking all these classes?” Clark asked.  “I’m barely holding on this semester.”
“I’m close,” Bennett said.  “I could graduate in the fall if I really wanted to.”
“But you won’t?” Donnie asked.  “When we last talked about this over the summer—”
“When did you guys talk about this?” Clark said, frustrated.
Bennett answered as though Clark hadn’t spoken.  “Probably not.  There’s been a change in plans,” he said.  “The things that I wanted to get away from…I’m not so sure that distance is the thing I want right now.”
“You’re more gloomy than usual,” Clark noted.  “Have you and Bea…”
“Oh, please,” Donnie said, slapping his friend on the shoulder.  “Bennett wouldn’t allow Cupid to get within a sniper’s distance of him—”
“So poetic—”
“If anything, I bet his father’s giving him a hard time.”
“Maybe it’s love,” Clark said.
“This sweet discussion is going to give me diabetes,” Bennett said.
“Seriously though, Bennett, what’s going on?” Donnie asked.  “I thought we were doing this together?  You have the same number of credits as I do—”
“I told you,” Bennett said, pulling out a cigarette, a habit he now only indulged when he was truly frustrated.  Lighting it up, he blew a stream of smoke ahead of him.  “Plans can change.”
“It’s love,” Clark said, smiling.
“Stop saying that,” Donnie said.  “Bennett here doesn’t know anything about love.  What he does know is how to mope around and sulk in his leather jacket.  He knows how to feel sorry for himself and he knows what color sneakers match his disgusting t-shirts.  I fear the only love he understands is the love of being emo.  And honestly,” Donnie said, looking over his friend’s attire, “I have to say he dresses the part quite well.”
“Shut up,” Bennett grunted.
“If it’s not love, then why’d you get a haircut?  You used to grow it out, and now you’re keeping it trimmed and under that beanie.”  Clark sat down on the lawn chair, looking ahead.  “It’s love.”
“It is a nice look,” Donnie said.  “I’m happy to see you care about your appearance again.”
“I told you to shut up,” Bennett said.
“Plus,” Clark said, “Heaven mentioned that you’ve started wearing different cologne now.”
“Is it really good that your girlfriend knows how I smell?” Bennett said, sniffing his armpits without hesitation.  “Did she really say that?”
“Oh, she did,” Clark said.  “I think someone’s trying.”
“Maybe this is love,” Donnie tread carefully.  “Don’t look so pissed, it makes your face look ugly.”
“Have you ever known him to wear a different sweatband to practice?  Usually he’s wearing that ten-year-old rag tied about his head, and now we are seeing all colors of the rainbow,” Clark said.
Bennett lunged from his seat and pinned Clark to his chair.  “How many times do I have to tell you to shut up?  I wanted to make a few changes.  It’s got nothing to do with love, but more to do with the fact that I’m getting older and don’t need to spend my life looking like I crawled out of a gutter.”  Clark held up his hands and Bennett released his collar slowly.  “You know what?  Forget about it, I’m bored.  I’m going home.”
“Oh come on, Bennett, don’t be like that,” Donnie called, but Bennett jumped from the deck and sauntered towards his old Volvo, starting it up and pulling away without another word.  “He’s pissed.”
“You think?” Clark said.  “We both know what this is all about.”
“It’s love,” Donnie said.
“We know there’s only one chick who pushes him to make such an effort in his appearance.”
“I wish Bea could have seen this,” Donnie said.  “She wouldn’t believe it if we told her…” he trailed off, frowning.
“What’s wrong?” Clark asked.  “I thought this was all part of the plan?”
“I’m happy for both of them,” Donnie said, “but it’s still hard to take.  It bothers me that Bea still loves someone like that, someone who has no problem airing his flaws to the world without a change in expression.”
“He’s changing,” Clark said.
“That’s good, but I’m still pissed.  We shouldn’t have had to go through all of this for Bennett to understand what a great girl Bea is.  I never would’ve done what he’s done because I would never allow myself to let go as he had.”
“We should be happy,” Clark said.
Donnie still frowned.  “Yes...”

***

Slamming his fist against the steering wheel as he drove, Bennett caught his image in the mirror, frowning.  “I look like a fool,” he muttered, turning up his music as loud as his ears could tolerate.  “Those idiots talk to me as though I have changed everything about myself.  I haven’t changed that much.  I’m still the same Bennett.  Why do they want me to feel like an idiot for wanting to look nice once in a while?  I just wish I could talk to someone about this…maybe Donnie, but he’s appearing to show the same intellectual aptitude as Clark at the moment.”  He pulled out his phone.  “I know,” he said, dialing the number and waiting for a voice to answer.  “Yes,” he said, relieved.  “Do you mind if I come over to talk to you for a bit?  I could use some advice.”

***

“How much would you be willing to bet that he’s going to talk to his father about Bea?” Donnie asked, watching him speed away.
“Nah,” Clark said, “you know he doesn’t talk to his father about those things.  I bet he’s going to talk to Andrew.”
“Or Leo.  He’s always liked Leo,” Donnie said.
“He’s a good man,” Clark agreed.  “But Leo hates it when he smokes on his property.”
“Who’s a good man?” a new voice asked as Jason suddenly emerged from the sliding door of the house.  “I take it you aren’t talking about me.”
“How’d you get in here?” Donnie blurted out, standing up.
“You know as well as I do that our father doesn’t hate me like you do, Don,” Jason said, taking a seat on the deck as Clark also rose from his chair.
“I don’t hate you,” Donnie said, trying to remain sympathetic.  “I want us to get along.  Just because we’re on different teams and—”
“And have different mothers,” Jason said.
“Whatever,” Donnie said, “the point is that I’m tired of all this fighting.  Do you want something to drink?”
“I’ll get it,” Clark said, turning to go.
“No, stay.  This involves you,” Jason said.
“What’s going on?” Clark asked, taking a seat again.
“You’re still with Heaven, right?” Jason asked.
“Yes,” Clark said, smiling.
“Things are going well?”
“They’re fine,” Donnie said warily.  “What’s going on?”
“Well, I’m afraid that things may not be going as well once you hear what I’m about to say,” Jason said.
“If there’s anything I should know about Heaven, then you should tell me.”
Jason stood up, walking casually around the deck in a small circle looking leisurely at his feet.  “You guys may think I’m out to give you a hard time, but you know that I also tell the truth no matter how much it hurts.  Don, I know you helped set Clark up with Heaven because you thought she was a good girl.”
“And she is,” Donnie said, growling.  “What’s going on?  What did you hear?”
“Heaven…” Jason said, “Apparently engaged in some extra-curricular activities over the summer.”
“I don’t believe it!” Clark shouted.  “What do you mean?”
“There’s been some pictures floating around my campus—”
“Of what?”
“Of Heaven.”
“You’re a liar,” Clark said, growing angry now.
“Nothing too vulgar…” Jason said.  “Though I didn’t know she was so large up top…looks can be quite deceiving—”
Clark took a step forward.
“Now listen,” Jason said, holding up his hands.  “You have to understand that what she did over the summer was when neither of you were dating.”
“So why bring it up now?” Donnie asked.  “Not that I believe you.”
“I believe she’s continuing to act this way and allowing men to take pictures of her,” Jason said.
“My Heaven?” he asked.  “Topless pics?  I don’t believe it.”
“Well believe me when I say she’s still acting like this.”
Clark looked as though he’d been shot.  “Cheating?”  He lowered his head, his sharp features growing red.  “Heaven’s a slut?  She would let guys take her picture like that?”
“You’re being kind when you’re calling her a slut,” Jason said, shaking his head.  “But please, I don’t want you or me to say too much without proof.”
“What proof do you have?” Donnie asked.
“Come with me back to Heaven’s house and I’m pretty sure that you’ll see someone climb into her bedroom window.  If you can still love a girl who’ll engage in that kind of stuff while in a serious relationship, then please, ignore me and hate me if you want for bringing this to your attention.  However, I think your reputation could be salvaged if you would leave her afterward.”
“I…I don’t want to believe it,” Clark said to Donnie, the color now quickly draining away from his face.  He looked shaken.  “Would Heaven really do such a thing?”
“I can’t believe it,” Donnie said.
“What right do you have to say you don’t believe when you won’t even come to see it?  Take a quick drive with me and I’ll show you all the proof you can handle.  Once you hear Heaven’s sweet voice call out another man’s name, then you can decide what to do about her…and me.”
Clark quickly followed him to his car, his anger seething.  “If I see anything like that, she’s dead to me.  Topless pictures?  How can she do something like this to me?  What would she hope to gain from it?”
“Popularity?  Maybe she’s just insecure—”
“Calm down, Clark,” Donnie said, quickly catching up to him.  “We haven’t even seen anything yet.”
“I feel it,” Clark said.  “It makes sense.  That would explain why she’s also so hesitant.  She’s embarrassed about what she’s done.  I want to see the pictures,” he growled.  “I want to know who’s looked at them.”
“Clark, come on…” Donnie said.
“Are you coming?” Jason asked, opening up the car door.  “Weren’t you the one who set them up in the first place?  Did you know Heaven was like this?”
“Yeah,” Clark said.  “Did you know Heaven was like this?”
“I didn’t,” Donnie said.  “In fact, since it was me who set you up with her, if Heaven is doing anything as…unsavory as this, then I’ll have your back, Clark.  Her reputation will be ruined.”
“I don’t want you two to get upset,” Jason said, starting up his car.  Instead of getting in, Clark and Donnie went over to his window.  “I want you to withhold judgment until you see for yourselves.  Please, I don’t know what time the guy shows up, we may be waiting for quite a while.”
“I’ll wait until morning,” Clark growled.  “I want proof that Heaven is innocent, but if she isn’t…”
“Jesus,” Donnie said, rubbing a hand through his unkempt black hair.  “Do you really think it’s possible?”
“Do you think Heaven thought that I wasn’t spending enough time with her?  We’ve been so busy with setting up Beatriz and Bennett,” Clark said.
“Damn, that would be my fault too, then,” Donnie said.  “Maybe we shouldn’t have spent so much time on that project.  I didn’t want your relationship with Heaven to suffer because of it, Clark.”
“At least you’re going to find out the truth now rather than six months later,” Jason said.
“That’s true,” Donnie said.  “Still though, I can’t believe that Heaven would do all of this just because she thought she was being ignored.  Heaven seems so…nice.”
“She went to band camp,” Clark growled.  “I wanted her to stay, and so did Bennett.  She could have practiced her damn music here and not have been tempted.”
“She probably would have found some other loser to take her photo,” Jason said.
“Leo’s the one who approved,” Clark said.  “He always claims to see the good in others.  Couldn’t he tell that his daughter was deceiving him?”
“Now hold on, we don’t know anything for sure yet,” Jason said.  “Don, I know that we can get a little competitive with each other sometimes, but I thought this was something you needed to know about.  Our family honor means a lot to me.”
Donnie frowned as Clark opened the front door and sat down next to Jason.  “I’m not going to thank you.  Even if you’re telling the truth, I don’t think gratitude will be in order, because Heaven’s reputation will be ruined.”
“If what we hear is true, Heaven was already ruined to begin with,” Clark said, keeping his eyes straight ahead.

Chapter Four

“I’m sooo freaking bored,” a tall, awkward boy said, watching the activity on his street from his shadowed porch.  Aside from the late-night dog walkers, it was mainly teenage couples making out in their cars.  “Vern, is it so much to ask for a girlfriend who will do that with me?” he asked, motioning towards a couple down the road.
His best friend Vernon smiled and self-consciously fingered his acne.  “You like Heaven so much, Barry.  Why don’t you walk up to her house and ask if you can get some action?”
“Shut up,” Barry said, punching his smaller friend in the shoulder, then looking up at her window.  “She’s with that pretty guy now.  I don’t have a chance.”
“You wouldn’t have a chance either way,” Vernon said.  “She’s a senior.  You’re a freshman.  And you’re built like an anorexic scarecrow.”
“I know I am,” Barry said, frowning.  “Dammit, she used to babysit me and she was always so nice.”  He smiled.  “Maybe I can ask my parents if I can still have a baby-sitter.”
“That’s messed up,” a third voice broke in, this one belonging to an older-looking boy with clear skin.  “It wouldn’t be unheard of for a freshman to date a senior.”
“Ugh,” Barry went on, “yes, Cole, we know that your sister made you watch Sixteen Candles which forever changed your life—”
“It was a good movie,” Cole said.  “It was old-fashioned as hell but my sister seemed to like it and the ladies are into that stuff.”
“The ladies?” Vernon repeated, laughing out loud.  “Cole, I gotta say, you are damn lucky you’re good-looking because you’d be screwed if you had to rely on anything else to get a girlfriend.”
“Hey, shut up,” Cole said, “don’t be jealous.  I can’t help it if you two morons won’t get out there and give things a shot.”
“I don’t have a shot with Heaven,” Barry said.  “I don’t mind looking at her for now, even if she is with another pretty boy like you, Cole.”
“So what are the plans tonight?” Vernon asked after a few moments.  “Are we seriously just going to hang outside?”
“Well we can’t go into my house,” Barry said.  “My brother is home from college with his girlfriend and they’re staying in my room.”
“Nice,” Cole said.  “Though I have to agree, it makes more sense to just stay outside.  We can keep a lookout.”
“A lookout for what?” Barry asked.  “This street’s about as boring as it gets.”
“Damn right,” two voices said simultaneously as they emerged into the light of the streetlamp.
“Well if it isn’t the Watch brothers,” Vernon said, eyeing them up as they came closer.  “What are you two doing up so late?  Don’t you have to get home to your mom?”  The two lanky boys came up to the small gathering and leaned against the nearest car in almost the same motion.  They really were twins.
“This place is so boring it’s barely even worth it to sneak out,” the one Watch brother said.  “As if our mom would be worried about what we do.  We’re old enough.”
“You’re barely in middle school,” Barry said.
“So what?” the brothers said in perfect unison.
“Maybe you should worry about your own mother,” the same brother added, smiling deviously.
“What for?”
“Because she’s real tired after what I did to her before I came outside,” he said, laughing and slapping five with his brother.
“You guys are messed up,” Cole said.  “Why don’t you two just go home and go to bed?”
“Aww, come on,” the other brother said.  “Don’t think that I don’t know what you guys are up to.”  He clucked his tongue and wagged his finger at them.  “Everyone knows you like to pray at that window, Barry, hoping to catch a glimpse of Heaven – hopefully while she’s changing.”
Barry’s face lit up like wildfire.  “I…I do not,” he stammered.  “I just like to see how people come home from parties, you know?  A lot of kids from high school drive or stagger by drunk and it’s funny.”
“You mean you like to blackmail them,” Vernon chuckled.
“There’s nothing wrong with a little blackmail,” Barry said.  “I’m keeping a lookout, though.”
“Ever see anything interesting?” one of the brothers asked.
“I have,” Barry said.  “And I’ll tell you this:  most of the people who come back in their car from a party will lie straight to your face if you’re not careful.  They’ll do anything to get out of getting in trouble with their parents.  Plus, you have to steer clear of the bigger guys after a party.”
“Why?” the Watch brothers asked.
“Those are the ones who just want to beat the crap outta you,” Barry said.  “Avoid those guys at all costs.  If you guys ever see a guy that looks like he can beat you up, hide in the bushes because he most likely will beat you up if he sees you.”
Vernon rolled his eyes.  “You are such a complete and total wuss sometimes.”
“Next time we see Bennett or Clark, I’ll point them in your direction,” Barry said.
“Speaking of people who can beat the shit out of us,” one of the brothers said, jutting his chin down the street.  “Isn’t that Bordin?”
“Duck!” Barry said, pulling his friends down behind his mother’s shrubs to conceal them.  A moment later the Watch brothers slipped behind the bush next to them.  Once they were all situated, they looked up, keeping their voices low as two people stumbled out from behind Heaven’s house.  “What are they doing there?” Barry whispered to his friends, who were all too nervous to speak.
“Connor,” Bordin hissed, looking around him.  “Connor, dammit, where are you?”
“I’m right here,” Connor said, appearing next to him, both young men oblivious that they were being watched.  “Why are you whispering like that?”
“I don’t know if we’re actually alone,” Bordin said, still keeping his voice low.  Raising his hand to the sky, a few drops of rain struck him on the palm.  “Dammit, as if this night couldn’t be any more annoying.”
“You didn’t seem that annoyed earlier,” Connor said, laughing.  “In fact you seemed quite proud of yourself.”
“Oh, I am,” Bordin said.
“This is lame,” one of the brothers said.  “I don’t think this is anything interesting.”  As he went to free himself from the shrubs, Cole grabbed his arm, jerking him back into hiding.
“Stay here,” he whispered.  “I think something’s going on.”
Bordin grinned wickedly, convinced that he was alone with his friend.  “I’ll have you know that because of what I said, I’m sure that Jason is going to set me up with some much needed private time with that tease, Heaven.”
“Tease?” Connor asked.  “She has a boyfriend.”
“Not for long,” Bordin said.  “She was promised to me if I was able to do something for a friend.”  He burst out laughing again, an eerie sound to the boys hiding in the shrubs.
“No…” Connor said, “no one could have her.  Heaven’s a good girl.  She wouldn’t give you the time of day.”
“Who’s to say that she’s giving it to me?” Bordin asked.  “I said that I’m going to be set up with her, whether or not she has a choice in the matter is not up to me.”
“Bordin’s such a sleaze,” Cole said softly.  “Guys like that piss me off, they think just because they come from a rich family they can do whatever they please.  He doesn’t even live in this neighborhood, but the next one over for the super-wealthy brats.  What’s he even doing here?”
“Did you hear something?” Bordin asked, looking around.
“So now you’re choosing to be careful with your words?” Connor asked.  “You’re unbelievable.”  The two stepped into the street as Bordin sent a text message.  “Why, though?  Why’ve you asked me to meet you here of all places?  Where’s your car?”
“My car?” Bordin asked.  “Don’t worry about it, my car is fine.  I wanted you to pick me up.”
“But why?  Why at Heaven’s house?”
“Can you keep a secret?” Bordin asked, looming over his friend.
“Sure, whatever,” Connor said.  “What’s going on?  Why’re you so hyper?”
“I’m not hyper,” Bordin said.  “Actually I’m in a pretty good mood.  As good as a mood can be considering I took some personal pictures of Megan.”  He held up his cell phone towards Connor who turned away.
“That’s hardly a surprise,” Connor said.  “I can’t believe you called me for that.”  As he started to walk away, Bordin reached out and grabbed his arm, tugging him back.
“Don’t you think you should look around?” Bordin hissed.
“What for?”
“Does this look like Meagan’s house to you?  Or anywhere near it?”
Connor froze up, looking around.  “No actually.  Meagan lives a few streets down.  What are you on about, then?  Where did you and Meagan hook up this time?”
Bordin grinned, enjoying holding the moment of suspense for as long as he could have.  “We hooked up in Heaven’s bedroom and she let me take some pictures of her.”
Connor gasped.  “Where was Heaven?”
“She and her dad were watching some movie with the volume turned up,” Bordin said, waving him off impatiently.  “The point is that I have plenty of pictures and called her Heaven the whole time because that’s something Meagan likes—”
“Creepy.”
“Creepy,” Bordin agreed, “but convenient.  I left the window open so anyone who walked past would hear her screams and see the flash of my camera in the dark.”
“And…who walked by?” Connor asked.
“Let’s just say that Jason arranged for Clark and Donnie to hear this lovely encounter.”
“That’s disgusting,” Connor said, taking a step backwards.  “Clark will think Heaven was in the room with you.”
“Or some other guy,” Bordin said, shrugging.  “I don’t remember if Meagan said my name or not but it doesn’t really matter.  Clark and Donnie were convinced that Heaven was up there in her room making love to some other guy who was photographing it.  Jason talked to Donnie and Clark earlier tonight, telling them he was convinced that Heaven was a liar and thanks to me, the rumors have been confirmed.  Clark was pissed, humiliated.  And Donnie’s upset because he set the two up.”
One of the Watch brothers couldn’t take any more of Bordin’s confession and he leapt out from behind the shrubs.  “How could you do that to Heaven?” he shouted, looking at the two larger men.
Rolling his eyes, Cole reluctantly emerged as well.  “I can’t believe you guys would do something like that.  You won’t get away with it.”
“Let’s get out of here,” Bordin said lazily, walking past them.  He shoved whichever Watch brother was closest to him to the ground, causing the other one to jump out.
“You can’t do that to my brother!”
“Yeah?  What are you going to do about it?” Connor said.  “If you think that I won’t kick your ass then you must be stupider than you look.”
“I know what you look like,” the second brother said.  “I’ll make sure that no one believes you.”
“And what proof do you have?” Bordin asked.  “You heard what I said, and Clark and Donnie heard what I did.  They’ll never believe you.  You’ll be lucky if they give you the time of day.”
“Heaven would never sleep with the likes of you,” Barry said, standing up.  “And she’d never let anyone take pictures of her!  Clark will never believe it.”
“He already does,” Bordin said.  “Now if you know what’s good for you, you’ll forget what you saw and head home.”  He walked up to Barry, and grabbing him by the collar of his shirt, pulled him up so they were face-to-face.  “Are you going to make a scene?”  Barry swallowed.  “I’m aware that this is probably a hot piece of news to you and your little band of followers, but we have to get going.”  He dropped Barry to the grass, spinning on his heel as he headed for their car.  “Let’s get out of here before anyone else sees us.”
“Agreed,” Connor said, trailing behind.  “If you guys know what’s good for you, you’ll keep your mouths shut about anything you think you saw or think you heard.”

Chapter Five

“It’s the Harvest Dance and you’re telling me Bea’s sleeping?” Heaven asked.  “Sola, do you mind getting her lazy butt up off my couch and in here?”
“Sure thing,” Sola said.
“Make sure she knows that I don’t just want her to wake up, but I want her to come in here.  We need to get ready for the dance.”
“You’re lucky you’re nominated for Harvest Queen, otherwise I’d just laugh in your face,” Sola said.
“Are you sure you want to wear that dress?” Meagan asked, looking over Heaven’s attire.  “It’s a bit…virgin-y, isn’t it?”
“Is that even a word?”
“You know what I mean.  It’s like a dress a kid would wear to an Easter Egg Hunt at church.”
“That’s the idea,” Heaven said.  “I want to look like myself.”
“Well yourself looks like a stuck up princess if you ask me,” Meagan said.  “I bet Bea will agree with me.”
“Bea and I have completely different tastes in dresses, considering she doesn’t wear them,” Heaven said, looking over Meagan’s dress.  “And so do you and I, apparently,” she said, scrunching up her nose.  “You do realize that it’s going to be a bit chilly tonight?”
“I’ll be dancing,” Meagan said.  “And so will you – I’m sweating just looking at you in that thing.”  She softened her expression a bit, walking over to Heaven and touching the delicate lace sleeves.  “However, I have to say this dress just screams you, and I guess that’s a good thing.”
“Thanks,” Heaven said, smoothing out the wrinkles.  “I hope Clark likes it.”
“Speaking of Clark…has he been acting different towards you lately?” Meagan asked carefully, trying to remain calm.  She still remembered the shame she felt sneaking into Heaven’s bedroom a few nights ago when Bordin had so naughtily suggested it and taking sext pictures on her bed.
“Come to think about it,” Heaven said, frowning.  “He has been a little busy these past few days.  I suppose he’s just stressed about soccer.  You know how the guys can be during the season.”
“Y-yes…of course,” Meagan said.  “I’m sure it’s just soccer.”
“Still though, you have a point,” Heaven said.  “Maybe something’s going on and Clark doesn’t feel comfortable talking to me about it.”
“I’m sure it’s not a big deal,” Meagan said comfortingly.  “Once you and he are crowned King and Queen of the fall, you’ll have no time to be worried because he’ll want to claim his prize officially.”
“Meagan,” Heaven burst out, her cheeks growing pink.  “Don’t talk like that.”
“What’s wrong with it?  You guys have been googly-eyed over each other since middle school.  It’s about time you made things official.  Clark’s great.  He has a great body and it’s only gotten better over the summer.  You’d think that I was a pervert with the way your face lights up.  He’s your boyfriend and you’re two consenting adults, Heaven.  Do you really want to start college as a virgin?  You want your first time to be with someone special, someone you care about.  Not some drunken night at a frat party.”
“I don’t want either right now.”
“Well then,” Meagan said, watching as Bea came through the door looking sleepy.  “Why don’t you ask Bea how she feels?”
“How I feel about what?” she asked groggily, rubbing her eyes.  They looked red and Bea’s face looked pale.
“Are you all right?” Heaven asked, coming to her side.  “You look terrible.”
“Thanks,” Beatriz said.
“I’m sorry, but seriously, Bea.  Are you okay?” Heaven asked, still worried.
“You look like you could use a little action,” Meagan chuckled.
“You look like you’ve had a little too much action,” Bea snapped back.  “Maybe if you had a serious boyfriend instead of all these two-week flings then perhaps you would be tired once in a while.”
“I’m young,” Meagan said, waving her off.  “I can sleep when I’m dead.”
“Ugh, please, Meagan, just shut up,” Beatriz said, collapsing on Heaven’s bed.  “I feel like shit and your voice really isn’t helping.”
“I’ve been told that I have a lovely voice,” Meagan said.
“So say the men who only want to see you with your mouth closed,” Bea said.
“Do I smell all right?” Heaven asked, hoping to break up the conversation.  “I bought this new perfume – it’s not too fruity is it?”
“No fruitier than Clark,” Meagan giggled.
“I’m sorry, Heaven, I don’t smell anything, but I’m sure you smell fine and not too fruity,” Bea said, laying her forearm over her face.
“Maybe you ate too much at lunch?” Meagan offered.  “You look a little bloated.”
“Will you please shut up?  I’m not bloated.”
“Maybe you’re just gaining weight in general?” Meagan asked.  “My mom tells me that we have to be careful—”
“That’s so rude,” Sola said.  “Meagan, seriously.  Just shut up.”
“Pardon me for wanting Bea to act like her normal self and not get fat,” Meagan said huffily.  “Is it my fault that when she’s lovesick she pretends to be ill?”
“I’m not lovesick,” Bea said.  “I’m sick of you.”
“And I’m sick of your pouting,” Meagan said.  “If I didn’t know better, I would say that you’re no better than Bennett.”
“Uh, maybe you shouldn’t say it like that,” Heaven muttered as Beatriz sat up on the bed, her eyes wide with rage.
“Bennett?  That cranky bastard?  Don’t compare me to him.”
“You’re acting just like him,” Meagan said.  “Pining away and never admitting that you’re pining in the first place.  You sit there and sigh, pine and sigh, sigh and pine, and you’re both getting on my nerves.  What’s so terrible about Bennett that when you think about him, you pretend to get sick?”
Lying back down, Beatriz waved off this rant as though it were nothing more than a fly buzzing around.  “Stop talking,” she grumbled.
Sola looked out the window and noticed a car pulling up.  “It appears that no one will have time to listen to anything anyone has to say right now,” she said.  “The guys are here.”
“Did they all come together?” Heaven asked, running up to the window and looking down.  Sure enough, Donnie, Clark, and Bennett were all getting out of two cars.  “What the heck?” she exclaimed, noticing a fourth member of the party.  “What’s Jason doing here?”
“He’s going with me.  I thought I told you guys,” Meagan said, trying not to sound hurt.
“I thought you were with Bordin?”
“Her tastes change on days that end in ‘y’,” Bea grumbled, sitting back up again.
“Come on, Bea, can I please talk you into wearing a dress?” Sola asked.
“Dresses are for ladies,” Beatriz said, straightening her grey t-shirt and tucking it into her skinny jeans.
“So?” Meagan asked.
“And as Bennett so frequently likes to remind me, I’m no lady.”
“Oh brother,” Meagan groaned.  “You are lovesick.”
“No, but I am sick of you.”

Chapter Six

Leo was surprised to hear the doorbell ring again a few minutes after his daughter and her friends had left for the dance.  Frowning, he opened it to find a group of neighborhood boys.  “Is there something I can help you with?” he asked carefully.
“Mr. George,” Barry said, taking a step forward to separate from the rest of the group.  “There’s something I have to tell you that I heard.”
“Well, hurry up,” Leo said.  “I want to go to the drugstore to get some pictures developed,” he explained, holding up his camera.  “Heaven wants to see the pictures by the time she returns from the dance.”
“I can understand that, sir,” Barry said.
“Me too,” Vernon said from behind him.
“So what’s going on?” Leo asked, leaning against the door.
“First of all, we heard some strange sounds coming from your house a few nights ago and we apologize for not saying anything sooner.  We tried talking to Clark and Donnie about it, but they wouldn’t listen to us.”
“What sounds?  What about Clark and Donnie—”
“Please listen,” Vernon said, noticing that Leo was beginning to frown.  “Mr. George, we have nowhere else to turn now.”
“Don’t waste my time,” Leo grunted.  “What are you talking about?”
“What we’re talking about,” Barry said, “is something that you may find hard to believe at first, sir, but you must at least hear us out.”
“I’m hearing you out right now but my patience is beginning to run a bit thin, boys.”
“A few nights ago,” Vernon said, noticing that Barry didn’t have the strength to say the words.  God, how they could have used Cole in that moment but he was also at the fall dance.  “We saw that guy—”
“What guy?” Leo said, growing upset.  “What’s going on?”
“Leaving your daughter’s bedroom window,” Vernon added.
“What?  Clark?” Leo seethed.
“No, not Clark—”
“Not Clark?” Leo asked, misunderstanding.  “Are you trying to say that my daughter was with someone else, other than her boyfriend, a few nights ago?”
“No,” Barry said, frantically waving his arms around.  “That’s not what we’re saying at all.  We think—”
“Tell me now.”
“He was leaving the place and he was talking—” Barry started to explain but Leo started to shove past him.
“I don’t have time for this,” he said, slamming the door behind him and locking it.
“Please, Mr. George,” Barry begged, stepping in front of him.  “You have to hear this!”  Vernon and Barry quickly started following Heaven’s father as he tried to storm past them to get to his car.  “If you at least won’t listen to us, will you tell us where Heaven was a few nights ago?”
“Are you accusing my daughter of what I think you are?” Leo said, snapping back around.  “Get out of my face!” he shouted.  “I’m going to get these pictures developed and then I’m going to pick up my daughter from the dance and you two clowns better not be here when I get back.”
“Sir, please,” Vernon said.  “You don’t understand.”
“You are accusing my daughter of being a…” he shook his head, “I…I can’t even say the words.  Are you boys on drugs?  I’m going to call all your parents if you are.”
“No, Mr. George, we’re not high.  But sir—”
“For God’s sake, leave me alone.”  Jumping into his car, he quickly started up the engine and pulled away, leaving the two boys to stand there rubbing the back of their necks.
“I think we made things worse,” Vernon said.
“Gee, you think?” Barry said.  “Jesus, now he thinks that we think Heaven’s a slut.  What do we do now?”
“We have to find a way to make sure that those guys don’t get away with this.  It isn’t right,” Vernon said.  “Leo’s going to be upset—”
“Did you see how angry he got just at the thought of his daughter with another guy?”
“We have to talk to Cole…or someone else and explain this so Mr. George doesn’t get the wrong idea.”
“Cole’s at the dance,” Barry said.
“Dammit,” Vernon said, taking a seat in Leo’s driveway.  “I suppose now the only thing we can do is wait.”



Act Four

Chapter One

“The announcement is going to come soon, Mr. George,” the principal said once Heaven’s father Leo had entered the school’s gym and hidden himself backstage.  He didn’t want his daughter to know that he was there on the off chance that she didn’t win the title of Harvest Queen.
“I hope this doesn’t take too long,” Leo said, checking his watch and glancing back and forth from the stage to the dance floor.  “I need to stop at the store and get these pictures developed before Heaven comes home.”
“We’re starting right now,” the principal said, walking up to the mic on stage and waiting patiently for the music to die down.  The kids in the audience were antsy, looking ahead.  “And now we’re here to make the announcement of our fall king and queen,” he said, causing the crowd to cheer.  “We announced the nominees at the beginning of the night, so let’s not waste any time, shall we?”  He pulled out an envelope and opened it.  “Well, no surprise here, our Harvest King is Clark Donaldson,” he said, clapping as Clark walked stiffly to the stage.
“What’s with him?” Leo whispered, taking a few pictures from behind the curtain.  “He doesn’t even look happy.  Maybe he’s worried that Heaven won’t be crowned queen?”
“And now, for our Harvest Queen,” the principal said, grinning at Clark.  “You should be happy to hear this, Clark, your queen this year will be Heaven George.”  The crowd broke out into loud cheers, with Beatriz whistling happily as Heaven made her way to the stage, but several people near the front remained silent as they watched the scene.
“Something wrong?” Beatriz called over the applause.  “Cheer for our girl!”
“I will not,” Donnie said.
“Me either,” Jason said.
Everyone turned to look at the stage as Heaven stood smiling in front of Clark.  However, he frowned down at her, his usual calm expression gone.
“What’s wrong?” the principal asked, clapping Clark on the back, rocking him forward from the light impact.  “Aren’t you happy to see your queen?”
“I’m not,” Clark said stoically.
A surprised hush fell over the crowd but the principal tried to remain cheerful.  “What about you, Heaven?  Aren’t you happy to see your king?”
“I am,” she said, though her voice sounded a bit unsure.  “Clark, are you okay?”
“No.”
“What’s the meaning of this?” the principal hissed away from the microphone.  “I see no reason for you to frown, Mr. Donaldson.  You two should be happy.  You have no reason to be upset about this, do you Mr. Donaldson?”
“I don’t know,” Clark mused.  “Do you, Heaven?”
“I don’t think so.  I was happy.”
“Mr. Donaldson, what seems to be the problem?”
As Clark thought things over, Leo suddenly remembered the conversation with the neighbor boys.  They had been trying to tell him something and perhaps he should have listened.  It was suddenly all making sense now, clicking into place.  His daughter, his lovely daughter must have done something inappropriate and the boys were trying to let him know.
“Get her off that stage,” Leo called in a low voice, staying in the shadows so as not to shame his daughter any more than she had been.
“Dad?” Heaven asked, looking around.  “Dad, you came?”
“Get over here now,” Leo said harshly.  “Don’t embarrass yourself more than you have already.  You too, Clark.”
“Leo?” Clark asked, quickly following Heaven as the dance music started up again.  “What’re you doing here?  Do you know why I’m so upset?”
“What the hell’s happening?” Bea asked, standing on tiptoe to look over the confused and whispering crowd as Heaven and Clark left the stage.
“What is this?” Bennett asked.  “What’s going on?”
“Just a minute now,” the principal said, following Clark and Heaven backstage.  “What’s going on here?  I will not have you kids ruin an important moment at my school.  This ceremony—”
“This ceremony is nothing but a sham,” Leo said, lowering his head.  He reached out and grabbed Heaven, pulling her towards him.  “What have you done?”
“I don’t know what you mean!” Heaven screamed out in surprise.  “Dad!  Let me go, please!  What’s going on here?”
“Look how she’s acting.  You’d hardly think that there were pictures of her being passed around on the internet,” Clark said coolly.
“W-what?” Leo asked, hardly believing his ears.  “What’s on the internet?”
“Take her away from me Leo, you’ve probably figured out why I’m so embarrassed to be named her King.  Your daughter tricked me.  I thought she was innocent and pure, and now I find out that she’s nothing but a whore with a sweet face.  She’s been inviting random guys to climb in her window at night so she can pose for the camera and do lord knows what else with them.”  He pointed an accusing finger in her direction.  “You act like you’re so sweet and virtuous, blushing like that, but I bet your face has been redder than this.  I know what you did a few days ago.  She’s embarrassed because she got caught, not because of what she did.”
“Can this be true?” Leo asked, holding his daughter tightly.
“I’m not about to be made a fool of by the school slut,” Clark said, stepping back onto the stage.
“No!” Heaven screamed, watching him go.  “Clark, what’s the matter with you?”  Leo held her tightly as Clark grabbed the microphone back from the principal.
“I will not be King if my queen is a slut!” he shouted into the mic, silencing the crowd.  Even the music stopped.
“A slut?” Leo asked.  “So what the boys said was true.  You had another man in your bed?  You let him photograph you?  Don’t you know how stupid that is?”
“What the heck?  I didn’t!” Heaven screamed as tears started to stream down her face.  “No one was in my bed!”
“I know I wasn’t,” Clark said, holding the microphone so tightly that his knuckles began to turn white.  “Leo, I never touched her, I never showed her anything but respect because I know how much she claims her virginity mattered to her.  And yet…I have to hear about this—”
“Don’t tell everyone that!” Heaven wailed.  “I’ve been nothing but good to you!  I’ve never been with anyone else, much less let someone photograph me!  How can you say that?”
“You’re a liar!” Clark shouted, pointing a finger at Heaven.  “You were my girl and I thought I was your only guy, but you tricked me.  You hide behind modest clothes and manners when actually you’re just stripping them off for anyone for a little attention!  You’re a slut!”
“What’s wrong with you?  Why are you talking to me like this?”
At that moment Donnie pushed his way through the crowd and jumped up on the stage.
“Thank God,” Heaven said, sniffling through her tears.  “Please, Donnie, talk some sense into him!”
“What sense is there?  I’ve also made a fool of myself for believing that you were a good girl.  I thought that you and Clark would be a great together, but you didn’t just betray him, you betrayed me by acting like nothing more than a common whore.”
Leo’s face reddened with shame as a shocked gasp fell through the crowd.  “Is this really true?  Is this a nightmare?”
“It’s a nightmare for all of us,” Jason said from the front of the crowd.  “We all saw it with our own eyes.”
“Shit,” Bennett said.  “This is turning into a mess.”
“I’m afraid it’s true and a nightmare,” Clark said, putting down the microphone and walking backstage.  He was relieved that Jason and Donnie had followed him, giving him support.  The music picked up again but not a single person was dancing now; they huddled in small groups, murmuring and straining to hear what was going on behind the curtains.
“So it’s true,” Leo said.  “You…you made a fool of yourself.”
“Fool is a polite way to word it,” Donnie said.  “Dammit, Heaven, why did you have to do this?  Why would you…degrade yourself like that?”
“You fooled everyone,” Jason said.
“I didn’t fool anyone!” Heaven screamed, still locked in her father’s grip.  “Why are you doing this to me?  A senior prank?”
“I just wanted everyone at school to know your true nature,” Clark said.
“I am being true to my nature, Clark!  I have never, ever betrayed you!  I’ve never lied or cheated!  Where did you hear that I was letting people take pictures of me?”
“From your bedroom window,” Clark said.
“Lies!” Heaven shouted, upset now.  “Who told you that?  That’s not true!”
“I didn’t just hear rumors,” Clark said.  “I saw you in your room a few nights ago.  I saw you in there…I heard you.  I saw the flash going off—”
“It couldn’t have been!”
“It was you!  And you were screaming another guy’s name!”
“I’m telling you!” Heaven screamed.  “It wasn’t me!”
“So not only are you a cheater, but a liar,” Donnie said, shaking his head.  “I was hoping that through all of this, you would at least try to clear your name by telling the truth.  Mr. George, I’m sorry you had to find out about it this way.  But it’s true, we saw her with another man in her room.  The noises we heard, the grunts, the screams, she screams now like she did then.”
“That’s not true,” Heaven said.  “How dare you do this to me?”
“You did this to yourself,” Jason said.
Heaven narrowed her eyes.  “You smug…I’m sure you had something to do with this.  Why would you go so far to ruin me?  I’ve never done anything to you.”
“Heaven,” Jason purred, still shaking his head in shame.  “It’s a shame not only to hear, but also to see, your shocking behavior.  I’m sorry.”
“You liar.”
“Shut up,” Clark said, glaring at her in Leo’s arms.  “I thought…I never thought you would do something like this.  I can’t believe you would sink so low as to let some cretins—”
“What about what you’ve done to me?” Heaven shouted.  “The whole school thinks I’m a slut because of your lies.”
“My lies?” Clark asked.  “The only liar I see is you, Heaven, and I hope to never see you again.  Because of you, I think I’ll take a long break from women.  Every girl I see now with a sweet face will remind me of you, and you are nothing but a tramp.  Have a nice life.”
“God, kill me,” Leo muttered under his breath.  “What am I supposed to do now?”
“Dad, they’re lying!” Heaven screamed as Donnie, Clark and Jason turned to leave and nearly collided with Beatriz who was just making her way backstage.
“What’s going on?” Beatriz shouted at them as they soundlessly left through the back door.  “Where’s everyone going?  And what was that?”  Bennett appeared a moment later and looked over the scene of a dejected Leo limply holding Heaven in his arms.
“Heaven, are you okay?” Bennett asked.  “Was that whole thing real?”
“It was real,” Heaven said, sniffling loudly.  “I feel…I feel sick.”
“You don’t look too good,” Bea said.  “What happened on stage?  Was Clark being serious just then?”
“He was,” Heaven muttered.  “He thinks that I let some guy take topless pictures of me.”

Chapter Two

“Is she going to be okay?” Principal Francis asked, watching the girl sob heavily.  “What a mess.  I’ll make sure that the school takes note that that young man’s actions were not appropriate Globe School District behavior.”
Leo finally released his daughter, taking a step away from her.  “I hope you’re looking towards the ground, Heaven because you are no longer worthy of such a name.”
“Leo, stop!” Bea shouted.  “We don’t even know if what Clark said was true.”
“I wish I had a son,” Leo said.
“Dad, please,” Heaven said through her tears.  “Will you stop being so dramatic?  I’m standing right here, you know.”
“I gave you everything that a child could ever want,” Leo went on, “and this is how you repay me?  By conducting yourself in such a manner that you were shamed like this in front of the whole student body?  Don’t you realize what this will do to your reputation?  If those pictures start circulating around the school—”
“There are no pictures,” Heaven said.  “I’m sure Clark knows that in the back of his mind.”
“I still can’t believe he acted like that,” Bennett said, shaking his head.  “Clark’s rash, but I never expected that.”
“He’s acted rashly before,” Beatriz snapped.  “You know how Clark can be.  He’s so trusting of others.  It doesn’t matter where the words come from, so long as he can understand them.”
“Alright,” Bennett said, “but, Beatriz, were you with Heaven on the night Clark was talking about?”
“I don’t think so.  I can hardly remember—”
“Then it’s true!” Leo shouted.  “That’s even more proof!  You two are never separated!  You’re always together!  Why would Clark lie?  What would Donnie or Jason hope to gain from it?  He was a good guy and I was happy that you two were dating in the first place.  To think that he was so upset that he would make a scene like this.”
A throat was cleared loudly behind them.  “You all must calm down,” Principal Francis said, looking around.  “I’ve been the principal at this school since Heaven was a freshman so I’d like to think that I’m pretty aware of what is going on in my school, especially with our more popular students.  I don’t think what Clark said is true.”
“She’s guilty,” Leo said.  “You saw how Clark reacted.”
“I also saw how your daughter reacted,” the principal went on.  “We must give her the benefit of the doubt.  Heaven, did you have anyone in your room these past few nights?”
“No one!” Heaven shouted.  “I don’t even know what they’re talking about.  I wasn’t in my room with another guy.”
“Not even Andrew?” Leo said.
“No,” Bea said.  “They were never alone.”
“So you see it’s not true,” Heaven said.  “Dad, if there was ever a case where you thought that I was acting indecently you would’ve been the first to know because I’m not able to keep secrets from you.”
“Then it’s obvious,” Bennett said.  “The guys are misunderstanding something.  I trust Donnie and Clark, though they can both act like idiots, but I don’t trust Jason being involved.  Why was he suddenly hanging out with all of us?  Donnie and Clark said nothing to me, but Jason kept on showing up with this shit-eating grin on his face.  I don’t trust him.”
“You just better hope this is a rumor and there isn’t real proof,” Leo said to Heaven.  “You’ll stand no chance of getting into a decent college.”
“Now, now,” Principal Francis said.  “Let’s not overreact, Mr. Clark—”
“But,” Leo interrupted, “if they are making up lies to ruin my daughter, they will have to deal with me.  I’m not so old that I can’t take on a pair of cocky, ignorant boys.  If they made this up I’ll chase them all down – Jason included – to the ends of the Earth if it’s found that my Heaven is innocent and forced me to speak to her in this manner.  I know where they want to go to college and I have many friends.  I will destroy their futures for trying to ruin my daughter’s.”
“Please, calm down,” the principal said.  “I understand that you’re upset but I do not condone interfering with these young men’s futures.”
“They are not my children,” Leo shot back.
“Regardless,” he said.  “What we need to do is clear.  Are you caught up with your school work, Heaven?”
“What do you mean?” Heaven asked through her sniffles.  She was finally beginning to calm down.
“I think it best that you take a leave for a bit,” the principal said.  “Maybe a small vacation…”
“We can say that you were too embarrassed to show your face back at school,” Bennett said.  “It’s going to be a mess here.  That’s actually not a bad idea.”
“What will that do to solve the mystery?” Leo asked.
“Clark and Donnie may be men, but they’re not monsters,” Beatriz said.  “They’ll regret making Heaven feel so terrible that she doesn’t feel comfortable returning to school.  We can draw on Heaven’s locker and make it look like she’s being abused.”
“They won’t like that,” Bennett said, smiling over at Beatriz.  “Clark won’t be able to stand hearing anyone else calling her the same things that he just said.”
“We can also create doubt,” Heaven said.  “Bennett, Bea, you have to talk to Donnie and Clark and find out who told them about this.  Do they actually have proof?  Did they see my face?  They say that they saw things through my window, but why were they there in the first place?  The more doubt there is, the more it will feed into Clark’s guilt.”
“I agree,” Principal Francis said.  “It’ll keep things clean at the school.”
“What if this doesn’t work?” Leo asked.
“Well…” Principal Francis said, “We’ll just have to hope that there is no proof to these rumors.”
Heaven looked shocked.  “How would we do that?  And what’s going to happen to him?  He’s the one who—”
“We could always move,” Leo agreed.  “Away from the eyes, tongues and minds of those who are too ignorant to listen to both sides of the story.”
“I don’t like it, but it’ll have to do,” Bennett said.  “Even though Donnie and Clark are my good friends, I’ll do my best to help out.  I’ll talk to both of them.”
“Thank you, Bennett,” Heaven said, smiling wearily.  “I know how hard this’ll be for you.”
“Not nearly as hard as it will be for you,” Bennett said.
“We don’t have a choice in the matter,” Leo said.  “Heaven, until this rumor is cleared up, I’ll play my role, but you are still in a lot of trouble until we can prove this didn’t happen.”  He noticed the tears building up again in his daughter’s eyes and, not able to look at her, he turned away.  “Come, I’ll take you home,” he said, dropping his camera’s memory card in the trash can as he walked past.  There was no need to look at those pictures.
“I must return to the dance,” the principal said, leaving Bea and Bennett standing behind the stage, looking uneasily at one another.

Chapter Three

Bennett gazed at Beatriz once everyone had gone, noticing something he had not before.  Her eyes were watery.  He hadn’t seen that in a long time, and he suddenly remembered that at the end of the day, Bea was a woman who was not made of stone.  He started to approach her but stopped himself.  “Beatriz,” he said thickly, “have you been crying this whole time?”
“I’ll cry if I want,” she shot back, her voice upset.
“I don’t want to see you cry, Beatriz.”
“Then look away, I’m not crying to put on a show for you, Bennett.  Piss off.”
“I really believe Heaven’s innocent,” he said.
Beatriz sniffled a bit, wiping her eyes and looking at him defiantly.  “Really?”  Her tone was skeptical.
Bennett nodded.  “It’s true.  I refuse to believe Heaven cheated on Clark.  That’s not like her.  Not in her nature.”
“So you do really plan on helping us clear Heaven’s name?”
“Of course,” Bennett exclaimed.  “I wouldn’t offer my help with the intention of not doing so.  Surely, Beatriz,” he went on, lowering his eyes, “you know me better than that.  You know how much weight I put into my words whether I’m teasing or not.”
She nodded.  “I do know.  I’m sorry I’m just so pissed about this whole thing.  To know people would even consider that Heaven would act like that, it makes my blood boil.”
“Is there anything else I can do?” Bennett asked.  “I know you want me to talk to Clark—”
“What I want to be done to Clark would require no words.”
“And what would that be, Beatriz?”
“It’s a man’s job, but not an appropriate job for you, Bennett.  I couldn’t ask this of you.”
“Beatriz,” Bennett said, dropping his act and taking a step toward her, “you know that no matter what’s going on in our lives I’ll always be there for you.”  Reaching out, he grabbed her chin between his thumb and finger, pulling her face to his.  “Isn’t that weird though?  Despite how you and I act, I can’t love anyone else as much as you.  This moment has reminded me of that.”
Beatriz dared to smile up at him, not moving her face.  “It’s messed up,” she said.  “You know that my feelings are the same for you, Bennett.  I love you but…”
“But what?” Bennett asked, leaning towards her, brushing his lips against her.  “Tell me.”
She pulled away, taking a step back before she did something she would later regret.  “I’m worried about Heaven.”
“You’re worried about Heaven?” Bennett blurted out.  “Bea, tell me first that you love me—”
“I love you, but I’m not in love with you,” Bea said.
“You are in love with me.  The feeling’s mutual,” he growled, taking her face back in his hands.  “You said it, so say it again.”
“I love you,” she whispered.
“And I love you,” Bennett said, trying to kiss her again.
Frustratingly, Bea pulled away from his grasp, clenching her eyes shut.  “God forgive me,” she muttered to herself, opening her eyes to meet his.
“Why are you asking for forgiveness?”
“I never thought that we would be here again,” Bea said, looking away.  The music blared loudly from behind the stage but neither one felt the need to raise their voice.  They could hear each other and feel the message in their eyes and in their hearts.  Bennett noticed a bead of sweat between the dip of her upper lip and never so badly had he wanted to kiss the spot away.
“We never stopped loving each other,” Bennett said.
“You won’t regret this later?”
“Never.  Now, ask me what you want to do about Clark.  What do you want done to him that you cannot possibly take care of on your own?”
“I can’t ask it of you.”
“You can,” Bennett said.  “And you will.  Tell me what you want and I’ll do it.”
“I want him to feel the pain that Heaven has.”
“Rumors won’t affect him—”
“I don’t want to hurt him with words,” Beatriz said.  “I’m perfectly capable of taking care of a simpleton like Clark if all it took were words to destroy him like he destroyed my friend.”
“Then what are you asking?”
“I want you to…take him out.”
Bennett arched a dark brow, looking at her curiously.  “Just what are you asking me?”
“You know what I’m saying.  Take him out.”
“You mean, hurt him?”
“Accidents happen at practice,” Bea said.  “Hurt him there, or be a man and challenge him to a fight for what he’s done.  Ruin his senior year.  He can’t play if he’s injured.”
Bennett broke out into uncomfortable laughter.  “Beatriz, I wouldn’t do that to him.”
“And yet, you can sit back and watch what he did to my friend?”
“I…I didn’t know it was going to be that bad.”
“If that’s your answer, then leave me alone,” Bea said, starting to walk away.  She heard Bennett shift behind her and suddenly his large hand was clasped around her arm, pulling her back to his chest.  “I said leave me!” she shouted, struggling against his tight embrace.
“Now listen to me,” Bennett said, flexing his arms to keep her against him.  “Hear me out.”
“No.”
“Bea—”
“Let me go!” she started to shout.
“If I let you go, then we may not ever be the same, Beatriz.”
“As if I could love you when you refuse to help me,” Bea said.
“You’re asking me to hurt my friend, Bea.  You have to at least give me some time to think it over.”
“What kind of friend does what Clark did to Heaven?”
“Are you saying that because of a mistake Clark has to be hurt?”
“Did you not hear what he did?” Beatriz shouted, still struggling to get free.  “Calling my friend a slut, a damn whore in front of the whole school?  Oh I wish I was a man.  I would have beaten the shit out of him right on that stage without a second thought.  The hatred that blazed in his eyes, the disgust and contempt he held for someone as nice as Heaven.  It isn’t right.  I should kill him!  I should have ripped that black heart right from him and ate it on stage!”
“Listen to me, Bea—”
“How dare he!” she went on, further enraged now.  “Saying that he supposedly heard Heaven doing things with a guy in her bedroom with the window open!  As if Heaven would do something like that!  That girl doesn’t even like to change in the locker room in front of her friends!”
“But, Beatriz—”
“Heaven’s the victim of a crime, Bennett!  Can’t you see that?  The whole school thinks she’s a slut now – a label that damns her because she is a woman.  Were she a man, such accusations would increase her standing.  If it were Clark being accused of being unfaithful to Heaven on that stage, there would have been laughter and strains of ‘boys will be boys’ instead of disgust and revulsion.  Oh, had we been born men!”
Bennett gave her a squeeze in his arms.  “Please—”
“There’s no such thing as real men now.  If there were, Donnie would have never allowed this to go so far.  And her father!  How could Leo take the side of rumors before the words of his own daughter?  Men are nothing but words now, no better than gossipy old women.  They should use their actions, not their words to fight.  Think about it, Bennett.  Clark tells a lie to the school and everyone believes him without question?  Without proof!  Since I am a woman, I’ll not get the same respect.  If I can’t ruin him, then perhaps I shall just ruin myself.”
“What do you mean by that?” Bennett asked.
“I mean, I’ll have to do something to take the attention off of Heaven.”
“What would you do?”
“You don’t want to know,” she said, pulling away.  “Let me go.”
“No,” Bennett said.  “Please, Beatriz.  You know I still love you.”
“Words!” she shouted.  “Always words with men!  Did you not hear a word I said to you?”
Bennett’s grip lightened but not enough that Beatriz could escape.  They locked eyes again and Bennett chewed on his lower lip, noticing the raccoon-like shadows that had formed under her eyes because of tears and make-up.  He couldn’t take much more of it.
“Do you really believe that Clark was lying?” he asked.  “Do you believe that Heaven’s innocent?”
Bea nodded.  “I have never known anything else to be truer.”
He sighed loudly, giving her a rough hug.  Not looking at her, he spoke.  “That’s good enough for me then, Beatriz.  I’ll…I’ll do as you ask.”  He kissed the top of her head, taking in the delicate scent of lavender and sage, a spicy combination and fitting for her.  “I swear that Clark will pay for this.  Even if everything he said was true, what he did was cowardly and judgmental.  Since it isn’t true, he has harmed an innocent girl and hurt the woman I love.  Please at least think of me, and take care of Heaven.”
“Really?” Beatriz asked, her voice muffled by being buried in his chest.  She loved being this close to him, feeling his chin resting on top of her head and his heart pounding against her.  Slowly she wrapped her arms around his waist.
“Of course,” Bennett said.  “I would be a fool to deny you.”  Pulling her away from him, they looked at each other and, as he leaned forward, he couldn’t bring himself to kiss her.  He didn’t feel worthy to do so until he’d done as she asked.  “Goodbye,” he said, turning away to leave the gym.
Beatriz watched him go, her face hot and her lips empty.  “Goodbye.”

Chapter Four

“Look at them,” Barry said, frowning as he stole a look toward Clark’s house.  Jason was there, no doubt talking about what happened.
“I don’t know what else we can do,” Vernon said.  “I don’t like what’s happened either, and now Heaven hasn’t been going to school.”
“Jesus,” Barry said.  “It’s that bad?”
“Clark called her a lying slut at the dance,” Vernon said.  “That’s what Cole told me.  Her dad was there and everything.”
“It’s bullshit,” Barry said.  “I wish you could’ve been there, Lex,” he continued, eyeing up his friend who occasionally had time to hang out with them.  He could be a little annoying but if any of his friends knew about gossip, it was him.  He was willing to tolerate him to figure out what had happened.  “You should have seen how mad Leo was at us.”
“From what you told me it couldn’t be helped,” Lex said.  “So was it actually Jason who was involved?” he asked, looking over at the deck a few houses over.
“No…well, I don’t know,” Barry said.  “Bordin and Connor were there but they were both talking about something Jason had promised them.”
“That he’d set him up with Heaven,” Vernon said.
“Jason promised that?”
“Yes,” Barry said.
“To whom?”
“Bordin,” Barry said.  “I can’t stand him.”
“Connor isn’t any better,” Vernon said.  “His dad’s some big shot realtor in the city so he thinks he’s hot shit.”
“And they all attend my family’s church,” Barry said, shaking his head.
“And yet they act as though they’ve done nothing wrong,” Vernon said.  “What they did to Heaven, how they tricked Clark, it’s not right, dammit.”
“Clark’s a good soccer player, but let’s face it,” Barry said, “He’s not the sharpest knife in the drawer.  Connor’s shifty as hell; I bet they had no trouble convincing him.”
“They’re liars,” Vernon said.
“And they’re going to get away with it,” Lex said.
“Of course they would,” Barry said.  “But we heard Bordin with our own ears.  He wasn’t doing anything with Heaven, but with Meagan.  Isn’t that terrible?  Bordin called Meagan ‘Heaven’ hoping that Clark would misunderstand.”
“He certainly did,” Lex said.
“We’re still talking about this?” a voice cracking from puberty broke in.  The Watch brothers strolled over to the group from behind a hedge.  The brother who had spoken looked at Lex expectantly.  “Don’t tell me that you can’t tell who I am?”
“Watch One?” Lex guessed.
“Are you ever actually going to call me by my real name?” he asked, smiling.
“Watch One and Watch Two is easier to remember,” Lex said.
“Look, we’re talking about Heaven here, not these snoops,” Barry said.
“I would suggest that you guys get over it.  Jason sucks and he tricked everyone—”
“So you know,” Barry said.  “You know that Jason is disgusting.  Donnie’s half-brother ruined everything.”
“Bordin’s no better,” Watch Two said.  “Wasn’t he the one who was actually in Heaven’s bedroom with another girl?”
“I think Clark’s the worst,” Barry said.  “He couldn’t talk to Heaven about this in private?  He had to keep dating her knowing what he knew, take her to the dance, allow them to be crowned king and queen, and only then he decides to call her out?  In front of the whole school?  That’s the worst.”
“We can’t just let this go, can we?” Vernon asked.
“We tried to talk to Leo,” Barry said, rubbing the back of his neck.  “It’s just not that simple.”
Lex looked down at his sneakers.  “I suppose it’s not simple, but you can’t tell me it’s fair that Jason’s family is letting him go on a vacation tomorrow.”
“Where did you hear that?” Barry asked, looking over at Lex.  “He doesn’t look like he’s going anywhere.”
“My mom told me about it,” Lex said.  “He’s going.”
“We can’t let him get away with this,” Barry said, pounding his fist into his palm.
“Just let it pass,” Lex said.  “Another scandal will bubble up soon enough.”
“No,” Barry said.  “Not when it comes to her.  I’m going to try and talk to Leo again.  He needs to understand.”
“You’ll be lucky if Bordin and Connor don’t beat the shit out of you,” Vernon said.
“I don’t care, let them do it,” Barry said.  “I can’t stand Heaven’s name being ruined.”
“Do whatever,” Lex said.  “But don’t expect us to get our hands dirty.”
“Really?” Barry asked.  “None of you?  None of you will help me?”  He looked at the Watch brothers who were suddenly looking at something else.  Lex coughed and looked away.  “Vernon?” he asked desperately.  “Please?”
“Barry…I—”
“Please, Vernon…I’m begging you.  Help me with this.  Help me clear her name.”
“This really means that much to you?” Vernon asked.
“Yes.  I need to do this.”
Vernon looked over.  “Fine.  If that’s what matters to you.”
Barry smiled.  “It does.  More than anything.”



Act Five

Chapter One

Andrew took a sip from his coffee and looked over at Leo.  In the years he’d known him, he’d never seen him look so aged.  As Leo ran a frustrated hand through his greying hair, Andrew felt at a loss for words but he tried to be supportive.  “Please, Leo,” he said.  “If you keep acting like this you’re going to end up making yourself sick.”
“Please,” Leo said, taking a large sip from his drink.  It looked like coffee from the outside but Andrew could tell by the smell that only half of it at best was actual coffee.  “I don’t need advice from a child.  Everything,” he said.  “I gave that girl everything she could ever need and this is what she does to me?  She disgraces herself by acting like that in my house?  Under my roof she allows a man to sneak in and take liberties with her while I’m sleeping in the next room?”
“We don’t know for sure what Heaven’s done.”
“Oh, please,” Leo said.  “She’s like her mother.  I’m sure she did something unsavory.  Let’s just hope that no one else ever sees those pictures.”
“You can’t hold Heaven accountable for her mother’s crimes,” Andrew said.
“Please, just go home,” Leo said.  “I need to be left alone.  I have no need for a psychology major.”
“Philosophy,” Andrew corrected.
“Even worse,” Leo said, taking another heavy sip from his mug.  “Let me suffer in peace.”
“You’re not the only one who’s suffering,” Andrew said.  “Heaven’s—”
“Heaven’s paying the price for the crime she committed!” Leo slurred.  “She’s lucky I didn’t send her to an all-girls school.”
“But what if Clark’s wrong?” Andrew asked.  “Will you feel this same anger when it’s found that Clark was wrong?”
“That’s even worse,” Leo said, going to stand up but losing his footing and collapsing back into his chair.  “Andrew, you must know…in my heart…deep down I want to believe that my daughter has been falsely accused.  I don’t think she’s capable of what Clark has claimed.  I’ll make sure that when or if it’s shown that my daughter is pure, that Clark and Donnie and anyone else involved will pay the consequences.”
“Speak of the devils,” Andrew said, looking out the window toward the street.  “Practice must have been cancelled today.”
Leo stood again, swaying badly  but keeping himself upright and walked to the front door.
“No Leo,” Andrew said, grabbing his arm.  “Stay here and drink some water.”
“No,” Leo said, maneuvering past him and opening the front door.  Clark and Donnie adjusted their back packs and looked over curiously.
“Hello there, Mr. George,” Donnie said, trying to remain polite.
“Hello,” Clark grunted.
“Now listen here—” Leo said, swaying a bit.
“Mr. George,” Donnie interrupted, “we would love to stay and chat but we’re in a bit of a hurry.”
Leo sniffed, taking another swig from his cup.  “You’re in a hurry, hmm?  Well then, don’t let me stop you.  You have enough time to ruin my daughter’s good name, but not enough time to hear me out?”
Donnie laughed.  “Come on now, Mr. George.  You’re not in a good place.  Go inside and take a nap.”
“He wants to fight,” Andrew said, embarrassed.
“Why would he want to fight us?  We don’t have a problem with him,” Clark said.
“But I have a problem with you!” Leo shouted to the street.  “You’re a liar and you were a bad influence on my daughter!  If you think I’m scared of you—”
“I’m sure you’re not scared,” Clark said, trying to suppress his laughter.
“How dare you laugh at me?” Leo shouted, his voice growing louder.  “You think that I’m some doddering fool simply because I’m not a child, like you?  You mark my words now, one day you will be in my place, looking at some little shit who has the nerve to chuckle at you!  Youth and beauty never lasts!”
“How profound,” Clark said.
“You ruined my daughter,” Leo said.  “Do you have any idea what this could mean for her future?  She’s been locking herself up in her room and refusing to come out!  Have you seen the things that have been written on her locker?”  He smiled grimly when Clark’s face revealed that he had not.  “Slut!  Whore!  Cheap!” he went on.  “She’s terrified to return to school because of you!”
“Because of me?” Clark asked, the mocking smile on his face beginning to slip.  “I wasn’t the one who—”
“You’ve committed the worst crime of all,” Leo said.
“We didn’t write those words on her locker,” Donnie said.
“Why don’t you come up here and say that to my face?” Leo said drunkenly.  “Come now!  Come up here and tell me that your slander did not help put those words on my daughter’s locker!”
“Are you kidding me?” Donnie asked.  “I’m not coming over there.”
“Then send your friend,” Leo said.
“I’ll have nothing to do with you either, Leo,” Clark said.
“You shouldn’t be able to hold your head up high with the things you’ve done,” Leo said, starting to leave the front porch.  He pointed a finger to a window on his house.  “My Heaven is up there!  Shaking, terrified, and worried about going back to the place where you have ruined her good name!  She may as well be dead!  Are you pleased with yourself?”
“I’m not pleased,” Clark said.  “But Heaven should have never—”
“Heaven should have never trusted the likes of you,” Leo said, his drink sloshing onto the grass.  “If you wish to harm others so badly, then come after me instead of my daughter.”
“You two really are disgusting,” Andrew said, relieved that Leo was finally standing up for his daughter, despite the fact that it took several drinks to get him there.  “If you want to ruin lives as Leo says, then perhaps you should have talked to him first, or even me.  Maybe I’ll just kick the shit out of you right now.”
Leo looked surprised, glancing at Andrew.  “You wouldn’t actually do that, would you?”
“To them?  I’d send them beyond the grave if I could.  Heaven’s always been a sweet, happy girl and now she stares at the wall with a blank expression.  It’s painful to see someone who has always been so good, so pure, looking as though she’s been stabbed through the heart.  I hope you’re proud of yourselves.  Proud of what you’ve done to an innocent girl.”
“T-that’s enough,” Leo said.  “Maybe we should—”
“Maybe we shouldn’t let them get away with this anymore!  Youth and beauty, beauty and youth!  That’s all you monsters have now, but like Leo said, it’s fleeting!  Your true ugliness is already starting to show through!  You disrespected an innocent girl, lied, accused her of cheating, mocked her, shamed her and slandered her to the point of terror.  You think that you’re invincible?  You’re not!  It will take time, but you’ll learn that you aren’t.”
“Let’s just go back inside,” Leo said.
“No!” Andrew shouted, shoving him aside.  “I’ve had it with this!  I knew that Clark wasn’t good enough for her—”
“Andrew, Leo,” Donnie said calmly, “it’s clear that we’ve upset you both during your afternoon drinking—”
“I’m not drunk!” Andrew shouted.
“Regardless,” Donnie said, “we’re not here to cause a scene.  I’m sorry about what’s happened to Heaven but she brought it upon herself with her actions.”
“What actions?” Andrew shouted as he advanced on them.  “What proof do you have?”
“We have enough,” Donnie said.
“Like what?”
“Stop, just stop now,” Leo said.
“We’re not talking about this,” Donnie said.  “The proof is there, it’s over.”
“There isn’t proof!” Leo shouted, growing brave again.  “I’ll prove my daughter’s innocence.”
“Then I look forward to it,” Clark said.  “I wouldn’t look too closely if I were you, though.  God knows what else she’s done – maybe she does this with all of your neighbors—”
Clark’s mocking speech was cut suddenly short by a blow from Andrew’s fist that sent him sprawling on his back in the street.  Red-faced, Andrew stood over him for a moment as he fixed Donnie with an intense glare that the younger man couldn’t meet.
“Calm down,” Donnie said shakily as he helped Clark to his feet.  Andrew took a step back, keeping his eyes locked on both of them.  “Come on, let’s ice that.”
“You ass,” Clark growled, spitting blood onto the sidewalk.  “You’ll pay for that.”
“And as you said,” Andrew said, “I look forward to it.”
Leo barely noticed the scene, instead looking at the house across the street.  “Those neighbor kids,” he said softly, suddenly feeling much more sober.

Chapter Two

Stumbling up the street, Clark rubbed his sore jaw.  “I can’t believe Andrew sucker punched me like that,” he said, looking at Donnie.  “What the hell is wrong with him?  Is he on steroids or something?”
“Andrew’s always been passionate,” Donnie said, “though I never saw him hitting you as a possibility.”
“Is it really true what he said?”
“About what?”
“About people writing on Heaven’s locker,” Clark said.  “Are people really harassing her?”
“She…well you did call her a slut in front of the whole school,” Donnie said.  “What did you expect to happen?”
“I don’t want her to be frightened.  I was just trying to make a point.”
“And a point was definitely made,” Bennett’s voice came from ahead of them.  Looking up, Clark and Donnie saw Bennett leaning against the tree in front of Donnie’s house.  He looked moodier than usual, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows, revealing his overly-toned forearms and his tattoos.  On the field he usually wore athletic bands to cover them up, but he seemed not to care this afternoon as he looked at them with a grim expression.
“Well hey,” Donnie said, smiling as they approached him.  “Just the man we were looking for.”
“How goes it?” Clark asked, standing up straight.
“What the hell happened to you?” Bennett asked Clark coldly.
“Andrew sucker punched Clark while we were…speaking with Leo,” Donnie explained.
“I see,” Bennett said coldly.  “Like you sucker punched Heaven?”
Both men narrowed their eyes.  “What are you implying?” Clark asked.  “I never laid a hand on her.”
“You laid your words all over her in front of the whole school,” Bennett said.  “Your lies, I mean.”
“They weren’t lies, Ben,” Donnie said.  “You know that.  We told you—”
“I know what you told me,” Bennett said, turning to Clark.  “And you said that Andrew punched you?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s the least that you deserve,” Bennett nodded.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Clark asked, straightening his shoulders.  “How do I deserve that?  It wasn’t a fair fight.  He punched me and ran.”
“Indeed,” Bennett said, “it doesn’t sound like it would have ever been a fair fight.  Which is why I was looking for you guys.”
“Looking for us?” Clark asked.  “That’s good because we were looking for you too.  This whole thing with Heaven has made me so upset lately – I could use a little humor.”
“It appears that Andrew and I have similar taste in humor,” Bennett said, looking at the bruise starting to form on Clark’s chin.  “Would you really like me to show you?”
“Are you…are you saying you want to hit me too?” Clark asked.
“Wow, now this is impressive,” Bennett said, chuckling.  “You figured something out right away without me spelling it out.”
“Come on, Bennett,” Donnie said.  “Give the guy a break.  He just got punched—”
“He deserved it.”
“What’s your problem?” Donnie asked.  “You look grumpier than usual.  Did Bea say something to you?”
“Irrelevant.”
“Oh come on now.  I bet she did,” Clark said.  “It’s not a big deal.  You need to lighten up a bit, I mean look at me.  Heaven cheated on me and I’ve already moved on.  You need to chill.”
“Leave Beatriz and Heaven out of this,” Bennett said.  “You sound like an idiot, which I know is your preference, but let’s be smart for once.”
“Ahhh so someone cheated on you too?” Clark guessed, smiling.  “It doesn’t surprise me with Bea being friends with Heaven and all—”
“Stop, Clark,” Donnie warned.  “Look at him.  He’s getting more and more pissed off.  I think Bennett’s serious today.”
“If he ever thought about being serious with Bea, then that was his problem.”
“I want to talk to you,” Bennett said, motioning at Clark.
“Are…are you kidding?” Clark asked, his face paling only for a moment.  “We’re talking now.”
“In private.”
“What would you want to talk to me about in private?”
“I’m disgusted with what you did to Heaven,” Bennett said.  “I’m not joking when I say that was a dick move what you pulled at the dance.  Did you think for a second about what you were doing, or does that take too much effort on your part?  I think a few minutes alone with you—”
“Are you saying you want to fight me?  Do you see my face?  I’ve had enough today,” Clark said.
“You will accept my challenge,” Bennett said.  “What you’ve done to Beatriz’s friend pisses me off.  I’m tired of her crying—”
“So this is about Bea,” Clark laughed but his smile vanished quickly as Bennett strode up to him and pushed him against Donnie’s car.  “Whoa, man!  Easy!”
“I’m tired of this shit,” Bennett said, easily pinning Clark to the car with one arm, leaving Donnie to stand there gaping.  “You’ve spread rumors without proof and I intend to give you what you’ve had coming for a long time.  What do you say?”
“I say that while I don’t want to fight, I will defend myself.”
“Come on, guys,” Donnie said.  “We don’t need to fight.  Let’s just get some food in us—”
“What is this, a damn Snickers commercial?” Bennett said.  “There will be no dinners, no lunches and certainly no hanging out and shaking hands with smiles.”
“Just let me go, Ben,” Clark said.  “I agree so let me go.”
“Ahh, not laughing?  I’m sure you were smiling and laughing like a moron when you were talking to Leo.  It’s a bit different, isn’t it, when you’re not slandering young women and taunting old men?  You’re pathetic.”
“Bennett, stop.  Bea wouldn’t want you to fight like this.”
“Donnie, shut up,” Bennett said, never releasing his grip on Clark.  “She and I are in agreement on this course of action, you simpletons.  She’s cried endlessly since that night and I’ve grown tired of seeing her tears.”
“So she cried,” Clark grunted.  “Women cry—”
“Beatriz isn’t a typical woman,” Bennett said.  “She wants you to pay for what you’ve done to her friend and I offered my help.”
“You would kick my ass for her?” Clark asked.
“In a heartbeat.”
“So you really do love her,” Donnie said.  “Man, you are whipped now.  I pity you.”
“Not as much as I pity you,” Bennett said, suddenly releasing Clark, who nearly fell to the ground.  Adjusting his collar, he frowned as Clark stumbled back to his feet.  “Now, are you prepared to join me in the street?”
“No, man.  I told you, I need to ice my jaw,” Clark said.
“Then I’ll add coward to the list of adjectives used to describe you,” Bennett said.  “I no longer consider you guys my friends until you right this – until you right Heaven.”
“There’s nothing we can do,” Clark choked out.  “Bennett, you’re not really that pissed about this, are you?  Just because Bea said—”
“It’s true that Beatriz’s words brought me here, but that doesn’t mean that I’m pleased with how you idiots are acting.  We’re seniors.  Dammit, Donnie and you plan to attend college.  You’re acting like children with your lies and your rumors, so I’m getting out of here.  I quit.”
“Quit?” Donnie asked.
“Quit what?” Clark asked.
“The team.  I’m done with you both.”
“You can’t quit!” Clark shouted.  “It’s the middle of the season and we need you!”
“And I need you to learn about taking responsibility for your damn actions,” Bennett said, turning away and only pausing briefly to light a cigarette.  “And I’ll tell you now…don’t you think that it’s convenient that Jason has chosen this exact time to go on vacation?”
“Vacation?” Donnie asked.  “He never mentioned anything to me.”
“What a surprise,” Bennett said, beginning to walk away.  “I’m sure that he’s on the beach laughing at how he’s manipulated the two of you idiots into ruining a good woman.  Congrats, baby-face,” he said to Clark over his shoulder.  “I look forward to giving you what you deserve.”
“He…he’s serious,” Donnie said, looking over at Clark.  “I’ve never seen him this upset.”
“Damn serious.  It’s all because of Bea.”
“I don’t know about that,” Donnie said, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Do you really think he’s planning to fight me?” Clark asked.
“I can’t see Bennett joking about something like this,” Donnie said.
“I don’t know if I can take him,” Clark said.  “I’m taller but God knows how much thicker and stronger he is than me.  It could get pretty ugly.”
“Did you hear what he said?  How Jason’s on vacation?” Donnie asked.  “That part of the story bothers me.  Why would he go now and not mention anything to either of us about it?”
“Do you think?” Clark asked, frowning.
“He…he wouldn’t.  At least I don’t think he would.  He said he changed.”
“Shit…” Clark muttered, covering his mouth with his hand.  “I wouldn’t put it past him to pull something like this.  I’m sure he would.”
“Damn!” Donnie shouted suddenly.
“I know right?”
“No!  I mean damn!  Look up the street!  Isn’t that Connor and Bordin?”
The two young men looked up the street, trying to make sense of the scene.  Connor and Bordin were in the middle of the street facing several younger neighborhood boys.  As they watched, a tall and lanky boy tried to swing at Bordin.
“Come on,” Donnie said, “let’s go see what the hell’s going on.”

Chapter Three

“You bastard!” Barry wailed loudly as Connor tried to restrain him.  “Admit what you’ve done!  It’s been days!  Hasn’t she been put through enough?”
“Watch your mouth,” Bordin shouted, watching Donnie and Clark running up to the scene.
“What’s going on here?  Connor, Bordin?  What are you doing on our street?” Donnie shouted, noticing the young Watch twins standing nearby.
“Why are you guys fighting?” Clark asked, looking at the younger boys.  “You’re lucky they didn’t accidently kill you.”
“Seriously though, what the hell Connor?  Bordin?  Why are you fighting these kids?”
“They attacked us!” Connor shouted.  “We couldn’t find Jason anywhere so we were going to your house, Donnie, to see if he was there.”
“He’s not,” Donnie said.  He looked at the boy being held by Connor who was trying to gather his breath.  “Barry?  What’s going on here?”
“They’re liars!” he shouted back, breaking from Connor’s grasp.  “They’ve ruined Heaven’s name!  I heard them!  They’re liars!”
“What?” Donnie asked.  “What’d they lie about?”
“Heaven,” Barry said, stepping forward.  “I heard the whole thing.”
“What thing?”
“About Heaven sleeping with another guy.  About Heaven cheating on Clark,” Barry shouted, pointing an accusing finger at Bordin and Connor.  “Tell them!”
The older boys remained silent as Donnie looked them over.  “What’s he talking about?  What do you know about Heaven?”
Bordin smiled.  “I suppose that we’ve finally been caught, eh Connor?”
“It appears so,” Connor agreed.  “We figured this day would come, but we were hoping Jason would be here for it.”
“For what?” Clark growled.  “What did you do?”
“These kids,” Bordin said, “they heard me talking to Connor on the night Jason took you to Heaven’s house.  These kids were able to figure out what neither of you could.”
“What?  What the hell are you talking about?” Clark shouted.
Bordin rolled his eyes.  “You’re always too slow to understand anything, Clark.  They heard me say to Connor about how Jason offered Heaven up to me in exchange for ruining her name.  When Jason took you to her bedroom and you heard voices, it wasn’t Heaven.”
“Then…who was it?”
“It was Meagan and I.”
“But I heard Heaven’s name—” Clark started.
“That was me,” Bordin said, shrugging.  “I called Meagan ‘Heaven’ in hopes of confusing you.  And it certainly worked.  These idiots have been following Leo, me and anyone who would listen to their rambling to clear Heaven’s name, but no one took them seriously.  And now…here we are.  I admit it.  Heaven never cheated on you, never did anything more than the Virgin Mary herself would do.”
Donnie’s face grew pale.  “You mean…Jason—”
“Jason set up the whole thing,” Connor said.  “Your own half-brother.  Don’t you feel like an idiot?  Clark, you should feel the same as always, vacant and confused.”
“And…he promised, Heaven?” Clark asked.
“He was going to find a way to get her to me when she was feeling down and alone,” Bordin said.  “I was waiting to be her shoulder to cry on.”
“And then—”
“And then, genius,” Bordin said, “I would comfort her in a way that a man can best comfort a woman.”
“How…” Clark muttered.  “He…you…we were all tricked.”
“Good call, genius,” Connor said.
“I’ll go tell Leo,” Vernon spoke up, turning to run toward Heaven’s house.
“No need,” Clark said, swallowing deeply as he saw Leo walking up the street to see what was going on.
“What…is what I heard true?” he whispered thickly, looking over the scene.  “You…you were the ones who did this to my daughter?”
“If you wanna know who came up with this brilliant idea, it was me,” Bordin said, smiling.  “If you lay a hand on me though, I’ll make sure my dad sues you for everything you’re worth.”
“My daughter weeps uncontrollably in her room and you’re standing there with a smile on your face?” Leo asked.
“Sorry,” Bordin said insincerely.  “It sounded like fun at the time.”
“Well we’ll see what fun you’re having when I call your father and tell him what you’ve done.”  Bordin’s face grew pale.  “Ahh yes, you’ve forgotten.  I may not be the one who strikes you, but I am sure that your father will not like to hear that is son is risking his precious reputation.  Go home now – your faces make me sick.  Expect a phone call.”
“Even me, sir?” Connor asked quietly.
“All of you,” Leo said.
“Mr. George, I’m so sorry,” Clark said.  “I know you can’t forgive me right now but…you must know that I was tricked.  I had no idea.”
“I was tricked as well, sir,” Donnie said.
“Clear Heaven’s name,” Leo said coldly.  “Go to school and tell everyone that my daughter has been nothing but good.  You will defend her against all rumors and innuendo and you should pray that she consents to even look at either of your sorry faces again.”  He shook his head.  “My daughter, ruined over nothing.”
“I’ll fix this, Mr. George.  I’ll do whatever it takes.”
“You’ll do more than that,” Leo said.  “The Halloween dance is next weekend.  You will take her cousin because she doesn’t have a date and you will treat her like the angel she is because she’s Heaven’s cousin.  I’ll base my approval on how you treat her.”
“Y-you’re serious?” Clark croaked.  “You’ll forgive me?”
“You’re a child, aren’t you?” Leo asked.  “You’re stupid and you’ll make mistakes.  It’s up to adults to guide children to correct their errors.  You’ll take Heaven’s cousin to the dance and you’ll show her a good time.  If you succeed in this, I may consider giving you permission to date my daughter.  If my niece does not return as the happiest woman in the world then you can kiss any chance of dating Heaven again good-bye.  Am I clear?”
“As water, sir,” Clark said, shaking his hand.  “Thank you!  Thank you!  You really are a good man.”
“Next weekend,” Leo said, pulling his hand away.  “I must take care of my daughter while you repair her reputation at school.  I’ll also talk to Meagan’s mother because she’s not innocent in this ordeal.”
“I’m sure Beatriz will have a little chat with her, as well,” Donnie said.
“Now, I have an apology to make,” Leo said, turning towards Barry and his friends.  “Forgive me, you were trying to tell me the night of the dance but I blew you all off.  I do hope you can forgive this old man.”
“You’re hardly old,” Barry said, laughing.  “And we were happy to do it.  We’re happy to see Heaven’s name cleared.  Though I hope…” he trailed off, looking at Clark, “I hope you remember how much thanks you owe Leo for forgiving you because I don’t think I ever will.”
“I suppose I get that,” Clark said.  “Is there anything I can do to earn your trust?”
“Never hurt Heaven again,” Barry said.  “She doesn’t deserve that.”
“Never,” Clark said.  “It may take a while—”
“I’m patient,” Barry said, puffing out his chest.  “But I better go.  I think my mom’s making tacos for dinner tonight.”
“Tacos?” Leo asked, laughing.  “The dinner of an honest man, I’m sure.”
“Thanks Mr. George,” Barry said, pulling Vernon and the twins away with him, rushing past Andrew who was only now showing up to the scene.
“What the hell happened?” Andrew asked.
“Heaven’s name has been cleared,” Leo said.
“Thank hell.  It’s about time.  What happens now?”
“We wait,” Clark said.  “I’ll make things right at school with Heaven’s classmates and I’ll take her cousin to the Halloween dance to prove to Leo that I’m trustworthy again.”
Andrew arched a brow, mouthing to Leo, “Heaven’s cousin?”
Leo winked at him slyly.  “I have some phone calls to make tonight.  Clark, pick my niece up at six.  Be prompt, be polite and you shall earn my blessing again.”
Clark smiled.  “It seems like months until Halloween.”

Chapter Four

“If you’re not going to help me, then I would suggest you leave me the hell alone,” Bennett barked to Meagan, who was hanging all over him at the ice cream shop that evening.  It wasn’t Bennett’s first choice to get away, but in a town like this there weren’t many options.  He certainly didn’t want to be at home with his father.
“Why should I help you?  Bea doesn’t deserve you.”
“I think you mean I don’t deserve her,” he said, correcting her as he carefully shaded a pencil drawing of a snow-covered mountain.
“Tell me I’m beautiful.”
“Why would I do that?”
“Because I’m having an ugly day,” Meagan said.  “Hearing your voice makes me feel better.”
“I wouldn’t call you beautiful if my life depended on it.”
“What about Bea’s life?”
Bennett frowned, turning back to his drawing.  “Maybe hers,” he grunted.
“Do you want me to get her?  Are you still working on that project from art class?  You were drawing all period and I didn’t come here to continue to watch you do so.”
“So leave.”
“Shouldn’t you be with your friends?”
“You have too many damn questions.  You’re giving me a headache.”
“Seriously though, Ben.  I haven’t seen you with your boys lately.”
“I have no boys,” Bennett said.
“Whatever, you’re boring,” Meagan said.  “I’ll let Bea deal with you.  She seems to have more patience for it than I do.”
“Please do,” Bennett said, continuing to sketch.
“What if she won’t come?”
“She will,” Bennett said.  “Now get out of here before I stab you with this pencil.”
“Ugh,” Meagan said, standing up.  “You don’t have to be so vulgar.”
“Be careful with words like that or you’ll choke on them,” he said, watching her head back into the shop and whisper something into Bea’s ear.  Bea lazily lifted up her head and looked in Bennett’s direction before rolling her eyes and sauntering over.
“What?” she asked, still looking sleepy.
Bennett smiled, inviting her to sit on the stool next to his.  “Beatriz, did you actually come over here because I asked you to?”
“Yup, and I plan to leave when you ask me to.”
“Then you’re not going anywhere,” he growled, pulling her stool closer to him.  “You can stay until I ask you.”
“There you have it,” Bea said.  “You just asked me, didn’t you?”
“That’s not what I meant, you vixen, and you know it,” Bennett said.  “Stay.”
“What happened with you and Clark?” Beatriz asked.
“I pushed him against a car,” Bennett said, shrugging.  “Clark was his usual dumbfounded self.”
“And?”
“I cursed at him, and now…” he said, leaning forward, “I’d like to kiss you.”
Beatriz shoved him away.  “If you were speaking foul words then I bet your breath reeks of them and I won’t have your mouth anywhere near me.  I think I’ll go back to my seat unkissed.”
“Oh come on, Beatriz,” he said, gently tugging her arm.  “Don’t say that I’m foulmouthed, I only speak wonderfully foul words to you.”
“What an honor.”
“Fine then, perhaps this will earn me a kiss.  I challenged Clark.”
“To what?” she asked, chuckling.  “To a duel?”
“Something like that, I dunno.  I just want to kick his ass for what he did to Heaven.  I thought she’d be back at school by now.  Now tell me, Beatriz, what do you like most about me?”
“You’re impossible,” Bea said.  “If I’m going to answer that, then you must answer what you like best about me.”
“I love that I don’t want to love you,” Bennett chuckled.
“How charming,” Beatriz said, smiling.  “Well I love that I don’t want to love you either.  Still though,” she said, laying her head against his shoulder, “I think you can’t not love me.  Sometimes it feels as though we are the only ones in this place with any sense.”
“I’ll agree with that,” Bennett said, kissing the top of her head.  God he loved the smell of lavender and sage.  “You and I, we really are too smart to be paired up together.  Are you sure you want to do this again with me?”
“What do you mean?”
“You know what I mean, Beatriz,” Bennett said, squeezing her carefully.  “I did a horrible thing to you.  I don’t necessarily deserve your forgiveness.”
“Damn straight you don’t,” she said.  “But for you to admit that it was a horrible thing, I’ll give you credit for that.  Many men out there would never admit they were wrong in the first place.”
They gathered their things and headed towards the park across the street.  Frowning, Bennett looked at Beatriz.  “But I’m flirting when I should be concerned.  How’s Heaven doing?”
“She’s…not doing so well,” Bea said.  “She hasn’t been herself.”
“How are you dealing?”
“Me?  I’m not the one whose name was publicly ruined by Clark’s ignorance.”
“You know what I mean,” Bennett said.  “How are you dealing with this whole situation?”
“I’m tired,” Beatriz admitted, taking a seat on one of the benches.  “Heaven’s so broken up about everything and everyone’s going about their lives as though it doesn’t matter!”
“Heaven’s name will be restored,” Bennett said, taking a seat next to her and wrapping an arm around her.  “Don’t worry, Beatriz…” he trailed off with surprise as Bea dodged his arm and rested her head in his lap, staring up at him.  He swallowed deeply and looked down as he gently brushed a knuckle across her cheek.  “Love me, Bea,” he whispered, “and we will right all of this.”
“Good,” she said, smiling softly.  “I’m tired of all this drama.  I want to feel better—”
“And you will,” he said, still rubbing her cheek.  “Dammit,” he said, looking up.  “Sola’s coming over.”  With a frown, Beatriz left his lap and sat up.
“What’s going on?” Beatriz asked, straightening her hair.  “What are you doing here, Sola?”
“You need to go to Leo’s,” she said.  “Heaven’s been proven innocent of those terrible things!  Donnie and Clark were both tricked by Jason, who skipped town.  You need to come with me right away!”
Beatriz stood up immediately and held her hand out towards Bennett.  “Do you want to come with us?” she asked.
Bennett stood up and dramatically took her hand, much to Bea’s and Sola’s surprise.  “Beatriz, I will live in your heart, die in your lap and then be buried by your side.  That said, yes I’ll go.”
“You’re entirely too theatrical to be a jock,” Beatriz said, already feeling lighter as their fingers entwined.

Chapter Five

“Can I see her yet?” Clark asked, standing at the door.  “The dance is tonight!  Can I at least see her before her cousin stops by?”
“You’re lucky that Leo allows you on the property.  Don’t push your luck,” Andrew said, standing in front of the doorway, blocking Clark’s entrance.
“I want to see her, though.  If I could just see her face…”
“You should have other things on your mind,” Andrew said accusingly.  “The Halloween dance?  Your date?  Your chance with Heaven depends on your behavior at the dance.  If I were you, I would focus on that.”
“Whatever it takes,” Clark said.
“So dramatic,” Andrew said.  “Go home, Clark.  You have a dance to prepare for.  I know Heaven’s cousin already has her costume and mask.  Can you say the same?”
“Ugh, I can’t,” Clark grumbled.  “Donnie, we should probably get on that.”
“The party store is probably still open,” Donnie suggested.  “We could go there.  You said that her cousin is wearing a mask?”
“She’s self-conscious about her face.  Can’t blame her because Heaven’s her cousin and all,” Andrew explained.  “She wants this date to go well for Clark as well…though for the life of me I don’t know why.”
“I don’t care what her face looks like,” Clark said.  “I’ll treat her well.  Anything to get Heaven back.”
“We should go,” Donnie said.  “I’ll drive.”
“See you later,” Andrew said, shutting the door.
“Are they gone?” Leo’s voice asked from behind him.
“They’re gone.”
“Let’s get going, Heaven!” Leo shouted up the stairs.  “We have an appointment at the school very shortly.”

Chapter Six

“Did I or did I not tell you that this whole thing would blow over?” Principal Francis said from behind his desk.  “You doubted me—”
“I never doubted you,” Leo said.
“And the boys?” the principal asked.
“Clark and Donnie were mostly innocent because they were misled by Jason.  I swear, sometimes too much money makes children bored.”
“What about the young woman who was pretending to be your daughter?”
“I spoke to her mother, and the woman is appalled.  I’m sure her mother will punish her appropriately.”
“So there will be no need for any suspensions?”
“I’ll leave that in your hands,” Leo said.
“I see no reason to punish these boys any more than they have punished themselves.  They will all be allowed to attend the dance.  Is that all right with you, Heaven?”
The girl nodded, shyly looking at her hands.  “Thank you for not punishing any of them, Mr. Francis.”
“Think nothing of it.  If you wanted them punished, it would’ve been done.”
“Heaven, why don’t you head home?  The dance is in a few hours,” Leo said.
“All right,” Heaven said, standing up and giving her father a hug.
“What’s this for?” he asked.
“I know that you confronted Clark and Donnie,” she said, giving him a squeeze.
“How did—”
“Andrew told me,” she went on.
“That boy—”
“Oh it’s fine, dad,” Heaven said.  “I’ll go, though.  I have to get my mask ready and Andrew is waiting for me.”
“I sure am,” Andrew said, poking his head in the door.  “Are we going or not?”
“We’re going, we’re going,” Heaven said, a small smile forming on her lips as she released her father and walked over to Andrew.  “See you in a bit,” she said to her father.
“Good bye, Heaven.”
“Now,” Principal Francis said, starting to close the door when a new person filled the door frame.  “You?  What are you doing here?”
“I need your permission, sir,” a male voice said.
“Permission?  For what?”
“May I sit down?” he asked, sitting in the chair next to Leo.
“Should I go?”
“No, sir,” the young man said.  “I want you to hear this but I don’t want anyone else to know.  Do you mind if I shut the door?”
“Oh…uh, no.  Of course not,” Principal Francis said, motioning for him to go ahead.  “Now…what is this all about?”
“I’ll be brief.”

Chapter Seven

“Are you nervous?” Donnie asked, looking at the door.  It was later in the evening now, the smell of fall was in the air and jack-o-lanterns were strewn all about.  Every one seemed to wear a different expression.
“There’s nothing to be nervous about,” Clark said, ringing the doorbell.
“What if she’s a dog?”
“She won’t be a dog, she’s Heaven’s cousin,” Clark said.
“Cousins can be deceiving—”
“I’m doing this,” Clark said firmly.  “I want Heaven to take me back.”
The door opened to reveal Leo standing there with a smile that couldn’t quite be deciphered.  “Good evening.  I take it that your presence means you’re still set on taking out Heaven’s cousin for this evening?”
“I’ll take out whatever you give me.”
“I’m happy to hear it,” Leo said.  “Come on!” he shouted up the stairs.  “The boys are here!  You’re not getting any younger!”
“Look who’s here,” Donnie said looking over his shoulder.  “Good evening, Bennett.”
“Good evening,” he grunted, joining them on the stairs.
“What’s the matter?” Donnie asked.  “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.  You don’t want to fight Clark now, do you?”
“I’m not here to fight,” Bennett said.  “I came to say that I’m happy with the way things have turned out.  Heaven’s name has been cleared and you’re doing your best to get back in her good graces, Clark.  I’m…I’m proud of you.”
“Proud of me?” Clark sputtered.  “Well damn.  I didn’t expect that.”
“Just don’t mention it again,” Bennett said, stuffing his hands deep into his pockets.
“Aww come on, man.  You know you hated fighting with us,” Clark said, pulling him into a hug.
“Damn boy!  Let me go!” he shouted, jerking away.
“Does that mean you’re back on the team?” Donnie asked.
“If my position’s still available.”
“We couldn’t do it without you,” Donnie said, clapping him on the shoulder.
“So we’re all cool?” Bennett asked.
“We’re good.  Now come on, I’m sure the girls are waiting for us,” Clark said, stepping in the door.  “Wait…wait a minute!”
“What?” Bennett asked.
“What are you doing here?  Could it be?”
“Don’t say it,” Bennett grumbled.
“You’re taking Bea to the dance, aren’t you?” Clark asked.  “That’s why you’re here and you’re all dressed up.  You’re taking her to the Halloween dance.  I love it!”
“If you don’t shut your mouth right now, I might kick your ass after all.”
“Sealing lips,” Clark said smugly, snickering behind his hand.
“Oh…damn,” Bennett said as the women started coming down the stairs.  He could pick out Beatriz right away, surprised to see her in a tight black pencil skirt that hugged every curve on that gorgeous body of hers.  He swallowed.  They were wearing masks but he could tell which girl was his from the start.  “You…you look incredible.”
“Eat it,” Beatriz said from behind her mask, though Bennett could detect playfulness in her tone.  “Let’s go.”
“And…and where’s…” Clark trailed off, realizing that he didn’t even need to ask.  A frail beauty was coming down the stairs, a bit slimmer than Heaven but still amazing nonetheless.  Her mask was white and silver and she moved with a grace that reminded him so much of the girl he was trying to win back.  “H-hello,” he said, drinking her in.  “I believe I’m your escort for the evening.”
The girl bowed formally, linking her arm through his without a word.
“Let me see what you look like,” Clark whispered.  “I want to see your face.”
“Not yet,” Leo said.  “Go to the dance, have a good time, and then you might get to see her face.”
“I won’t waste another moment,” Clark said, patting the girl’s delicate hand.  “I’m ready to go if you are.  Do I look all right?”  He smiled as the girl nodded shyly.  So much like Heaven.  If he wasn’t so set on getting her back he might have been interested in this girl, but that wasn’t the point of this.  The point was to get her back.  “Have a good night everyone,” he said, turning around slowly so he could escort the mystery girl to his car.
“And you as well,” Leo said, waving.  “Good luck, Bennett.”
“Thank you, sir,” Bennett said from behind him mask.
“Good luck?” Beatriz asked as they slid into the back seat.  “What was Leo talking about just now?” 
“Don’t worry about it,” Bennett said.  “You look good enough to eat.”
“You don’t look so terrible yourself,” Beatriz muttered back with a faint hint of a blush.
“And…” Donnie said, sliding into the driver’s seat.  “Here we go.”

Chapter Eight

“Are you having an okay time?” Clark asked as the music overhead changed to a slower song.  He wrapped his hands around the woman’s waist, so tiny, and he smiled as the girl nodded.  “You remind me so much of her,” he said.  When the girl lifted her head to meet his eyes, Clark blushed.  “Heaven…your cousin.  You remind me so much of her that I’m dying to see your face.  Will you please let me see what you look like?”
The girl nodded.
“R-really?” Clark said, bending over a bit to get closer to her.  “Please, I want to see what you look like.”  He released her waist so she could have room.  Slowly, the girl started to remove her mask, pushing it over her head and Clark’s face lit up.  “H-Heaven,” he said thickly.  “It’s you.  You’re the cousin?”
“I was pretending to be,” she said, smiling.  “I wanted to see how you would act this evening, to see if you’ve really changed.”
“And…did I pass the test?”
She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, pulling him closer.  “You did well,” she giggled, planting her lips on his.  Clark tasted the cotton candy flavored gloss on her lips and savored the taste.  How he missed this!  He missed her so much!  Despite everyone turning to look at the scene, he pulled her closer to him, their chests pressing against each other.  When the two finally came up for air, Clark’s eyes were shining.
“I’ve missed you so much,” he said, pulling her into a hug.  “I’m so sorry.  I’m so sorry for what I did.  I should have never believed Jason.  Will you forgive me?”
“You have a lot to prove,” Heaven said.  “But I think I’m willing to give you a second chance.”  She hugged him back.  “But you only get one second chance.”
“I won’t mess it up,” Clark said.  “And thank you.”
As the two started to dance again, the music was cut off and Principal Francis appeared on the stage.  “I am sorry to interrupt,” he said.  “I need everyone to be silent while I make a brief announcement.”
“What’s going on?” Heaven asked, tilting her head to look at the stage.  “Is…is that Bennett?”
“It appears I’m not going to be the only one asking for a second chance,” Clark said.
Stepping on stage, Bennett slowly took off his mask and walked to the center to stand next to the principal.  “Uh…thank you Mr. Francis,” he said awkwardly, taking the microphone.  “Beatriz?” he asked, scanning the audience.  “Are you out there?”
Clark and Heaven looked around, immediately spotting Beatriz as she took off her mask and stepped towards the front of the gym.
“I’m here,” she said, looking up at him.  “What the hell are you doing up there?”
“Do you still love me?” he asked.
Bea’s face reddened with the question and a rush of whispers went around the audience.  “I guess I do.”
“Clark and Donnie think that you love me,” he said, looking at his friends.  They both looked like deer caught in headlights.  “They’ve been trying for weeks to convince me that you loved me.”
“Well…do you love me?” Beatriz challenged.
“Honestly, I still do.”
“I heard Meagan and Sola and Heaven saying the same thing.  They were trying to trick me into thinking you still loved me.”
“They said you were sick with love for me,” Bennett said.
“They said the same thing about you for me.”
“So, you don’t actually love me?” Bennett asked.
“I…I don’t know,” Beatriz said.
“She loves him!” Clark shouted from the dance floor.  “And he loves her!  That’s just the way it is!  They can’t help loving each other any more than they can help loving to argue with each other.”
Heaven smiled, her man had never had such a way with words.  “It’s true,” she said.  “She’s written an email—”
“Dammit, Heaven!”
“She loves him.”
“Oh thank God,” Bennett said, pretending to wipe his brow.  Handing the microphone back to the Principal, he leapt down from the stage and took Beatriz in his arms.  “Take me back,” he said huskily as a silence fell throughout the gym.  “Take me back, even if it’s out of pity.”
“I think that it will be out of pity,” she said.  “You know you were dying without me.”
“And you without me,” Bennett chuckled, pulling her closer.  “Kiss me.”
“Not in front of everyone—”
“Just stop talking,” Bennett said, not wasting another moment and pulling her face to his.  The gym broke out into loud applause as they kissed.  Beatriz pulled away, smiling and flushed.
“You’re a moron,” she muttered.  “We’re making a scene.”
“You know I don’t care,” he said, kissing her again.
“So,” Donnie said, walking up to the two of them.  “It’s good to see that things have finally worked out.”
“They have,” Bennett said.  “It took two years and a thousand times that number of arguments for me to realize that.  Not a person in the world could spoil how I feel right now.  And Clark,” he continued as his friend and Heaven approached them, “you should be thankful things worked out.”
“And why’s that?”
“Because I was thoroughly looking forward to kicking your ass.”
“He could have, too,” Beatriz snickered, feeling Bennett’s strong arms twitch as he held her.
“It might have been close,” Clark said.
“Doubt it,” Bennett said.  “I’ll let you go, but only because it’s a dance and I don’t want to make a mess of my suit.  I have to give this back to my dad at the end of the night.”
“Can’t have that,” Donnie said, “though Bea, I was kind of hoping you would say no to Bennett.”
“Way to ruin the mood, Donnie,” Heaven said over the music.
He shrugged.  “All I’m saying is that if Bea ever wants a man on the side, I’m available.”
“There’ll be no need,” Beatriz said, snuggling into Bennett’s strong embrace.  “But thanks, Donnie.  You’ve always been too good for me.”
“I’ll remember that when Bennett decides to go emo again,” Donnie said, laughing.
“You really need to get your own girlfriend,” Bennett said to Donnie.  “She’s taken now.”
“But for how long?”
“As long as she’ll have me,” Bennett said, sweeping Bea away from them.  “Can we please go home?” he whispered to Bea as they left the gym.  “All these people are giving me a rash.”
Beatriz burst out laughing.  “I love it!  Me too, let’s go.”
“Those two really are perfect for each other,” Donnie said, shaking his head.  “I guess I can’t compete.”
“There’s someone out there for you,” Heaven said.
“Perhaps I can give you guys some information that will interest you,” a new voice chimed in.  The small group turned to see Bryan approaching them.
“What is it?” Donnie asked.  “I need some positive news.”
“Your half-brother Jason had to end his vacation a little early,” Bryan explained.  “He’ll be back in town tomorrow.”
“Great,” Clark said, “we can finally give him what he deserves—”
“You know what?” Donnie said.  “Leave him, I don’t care anymore.  I don’t plan on ever talking to him again”
“So my news didn’t help?” Bryan said.
“It did, but I think asking her to dance will help even more,” Donnie said, eyeing up a curvy brunette in the corner.
“Go for it,” Clark called, shoving him towards her.  “She’s looking at you.”
“I think I’ll do just that,” Donnie said, moving through the crowd.  “Enjoy your night, you two.  And that goes for everyone else.”

If you Like this Book,
And I hope you do,
Please take the time and post your review!
Also by C.E. Wilson

Standalone Novels:

To Nowhere

The Boy with Words

The Promise

This is Me.

Shakespeare for Everyone Else
Othello 

Coming Soon:

Untitled Beauty

Cruel and Unusual
Playing Human

Circus Folk
