This book was written during the 1990s and reflects the times of that very forgotten era.
ND

Published by


 Collingwood Gallery Publishing 2015


1

The Papal Tour of Mullumbimby had its origins in an innocent neighbourly incident when Clarrie Hibble cracked open the skull of a young Hospice Head.
The bald youth was riding his bike along the footpath in Dalley St when Clarrie shoved his walking stick through the spokes.
The youth took a tumble, landing on his premature chrome dome with blood spilling results.
"You should be ashamed of yourself," cursed Clarrie. "Bloody skinhead. You look like a Chemo Boy."
"Actually, I'm a leukemia lad," replied the youth. "And a bleeder to boot. I only had three weeks to live, but with this unstemmable blood flow, I guess three minutes might be more realistic."
Clarrie had never used a hankie in his life. He simply blew his nose in his hand and wiped it in his pant's pocket. He had also never washed his one pair of pants.
Clarrie reached into his pocket and grabbed a handful of snot.
A hushed crowd watched as Clarrie bent over the youth and whispered, "No wuz Luke. This works better than Super Glue."
Clarrie wiped the snot on the wound which healed immediately.
The crowd gasped in awe and murmured, "Spoooky." We went to our knees and crossed ourselves in an ironical piss-take of the Euro white trash peasant life - (for want of a better word) style.
Clarrie held his arms aloft.
"Yes, my God-fearing superstition-ridden white trash friends," he said with great solemnity. "I have performed a miracle. But of even greater significance to humankind - I bulk bill."
"Oooh," gasped the crowd, "he bulk bills."
Duncan put his hand up like in school.
"Please Mr Hibble. Do you do breast implants?"
"But son," said Clarrie. "You look relatively well formed. At least compared to Wombat Man."
"Oh no sir," continued Duncan. "I ask in the spirit of charity and selfless good works for the needy on behalf of a mammary challenged girl with anorexia of the chest. You may have heard of the poor child. Her name is Joanna Perkins. Haw, haw, haw."
Poor Duncan didn't realise Joanna was standing behind him.
If you turn to page 673 of the textbook 'Advanced Problems for Plastic Surgeons' by CP Rawson and EM Miller, you will see a colour photo of the teethmarks Joanna left in Duncan's right shoulder.



2

My parents hadn't been so annoyed with me since our dyslexic religious education teacher placed me in charge of putting on a Christmas play depicting the "vanity" scene and I had to wreck the bathroom to get the stage props.
It was just a boy-sterous testosterony prank that landed me in trouble.
Duncan and I borrowed the two metre long plastic model of a cockroach from off the top of Kevin Blumden's 'Carcinogenic Chemical Kill' pest control van.
We substituted the giant cockroach for the body in one of my-father-the-undertaker's coffins just in time for the family viewing.
Father was proudly explaining the wonders of modern embalming techniques as Duncan and I were snortling away in the next room. Pissing ourselves, actually. 
Father lifted the coffin lid and old Mrs Robinson, who thought she was about to see her Mac looking like a tv newsreader, cried out: "God! He's come back as bloody cockie," and fainted.
Duncan and I got off pretty lightly considering Mrs Robinson went into a coma and died three days later. The family wanted charges laid but a local police sergeant said, "It's no skin off my nose if some boring old bitch can't take a little joke." Which proves it really is true that the only time you appreciate the police is when you need them.
The Robinson family issued a press release saying that, come to think about it, she really was a boring old bitch. They apologised for wasting valuable police time.
Mother sat father and I down at the kitchen table for a family conference about my behaviour.


"You know Neil," she said, "when it comes to handling difficult family problems, I always ask myself, 'What would Oprah do?'
"And looking at you Neil, I think she would say to me "Your Son Is Ashamed of Himself and Proud Of It."
"I can only believe that Miss Oprah would conclude that 'Your Low Self - Esteem Almost Made You A Criminal'.
"So from now on, no more roasts for breakfast. There's a 40kg bag of meusli being delivered this very afternoon."
"Wah! Wah! Boo hoo hoo! I want my woastie. Wah! Wah!"
I don't know what was more embarrassing: being ticked off by mother or having to listen to father's tantrum.


3

The school has been getting us involved in lots of work experience.
My first was to spend the morning working alongside the local brain surgeon.
When I arrived, the surgeon had already called in sick on his mobile phone from the local golf course.
They were going to cancel the operation but I said,''Is this the true surgical spirit? Do we skulk away for the trivial lack of a surgeon? 'Tis leadership you seek, look no further, for Neil is at hand."
"Oh wise one," the nurses cried, "give us the guidance we seek, the moral fibre we lack. Lead us to the operating theatre at once."
I walked slowly to the operating theatre, my green smock billowing as the nurses crawled on broken glass behind me.
Because of spending cuts in rural hospitals, the equipment was primitive. But the patient's skull was like butter under the chainsaw. Like the knife going through tomatoes on The Bargain Channel.
The nurse in charge thought I had such talent with the chainsaw, she asked if I could come back on Wednesday when they had to perform a circumciscion.
I must admit to going in a little deep. But a nurse with an obvious flair for interior decoration described the grey matter splattered all over the walls as a 'chic inner city dapple effect' and said they might just leave it there.
I was grateful for her suggestion because she was the one the skull top hit on the ankle when it went flying like a frisbee. So it couldn't have hurt as much as I thought it did.
We wiped the gunk off our goggles and continued.
I was operating on a young man who persisted in calling women 'chicky babes'. Drug therapy had failed, so it was decided to remove the 'chicky babes' section of his brain.
I had to be careful not to remove the 'abos and chinks' section right next to it. Like in most people, this section was successfully under control.
I sprayed the rusty fish scaling knife with WD 40 and hacked merrily away - well I could barely find my way to the hospital toilet, so I can hardly pretend to know what I was doing inside some macho guy's chrome dome.
As I sang and whistled while I worked, the sound came back out of the increasingly empty skull like an echo chamber.
After half an hour of my machete work, I proudly announced I had removed everything but the 'chicky babe' section.
"Aw geez," laughed the nurses. "You got it the wrong way round. You were supposed to remove the 'chicky babe' section and leave everything else."
"Oh, aren't I just the darndest silly-billy. I did indeed get carried away. Well, to make amends, how about I buy us all a nice hot cuppa at the staff canteen."
"A spiffling idea," they replied. "The blow flies aren't too bad today so we'll stitch him up later.
"It's a shame the surgeon didn't see you operate Neil. We think he's out playing golf with the anaesthetist."



I got back to school at lunch-time, just as Jackson Colt decided to turn up in his chauffer driven stretch-limo.
Jackson is the coolest dude in school. Why he's so cool, for his fourteenth birthday his parents gave him a Filipino bride.
Her name was Magdalin Esconscianianiano Coridino Clarrismulo Perfection, but she was so taken with exotic Australian names, she changed her name to Cheryl, which, to her credit, she pronounces with an upward inflection.
The teachers have gotten used to the smell of lavender oil in class when Cheryl turns up at Jackson's foot massage time.
Jackson's friends call him 'Jack'; acquaintances call him 'Jackson'; teachers call him 'Mr Colt' and aborigines call him 'Jackie, Jackie'.
When we got into the school, a special disciplinary assembly was in progress to deal with the number of students arriving late in the morning.
When the principal saw me arrive, he said:"Dobbs. Late yet again. Detention after school."
When he saw Jackson, the principal said:"I do apologise for starting without you Mr Colt. Forgive my tardy manners. Perhaps we could start again."
"Don't worry," shrugged Jackson. "I think I'll lie down in the staff room with a gin and tonic."
"Certainly Mr Colt. Whatever you please," grovelled the principal.
"I think I detect a note of sarcasm."
"No. No. Not at all," snivelled the principal.
"I beg to differ Cedric," said Jackson.
"Anything you say," pleaded the principal.
"So you admit it."
Jackson walked to the platform in front of the silent, awe-struck assembly of staudents and staff.
He took off the principal's suit coat and rolled up the right shirt sleeve.
Jackson then gave the principal's right arm the great grand-daddy of all Chinese burns. It seemed to last forever as the principal went to his knees and started weeping with the pain.

"Couldn't even take it like a man, you snivelling girlie wretch," said Jackson in disgust.
"I just hope I can regain your respect Mr Colt sir," begged the principal.
Jackson shook his head in disgust and sauntered nonchalantly off to the staff room. We thought he had earned a lie down and a gin and tonic.
When he had gone, we started breathing again.
"There's a lesson to be learned here," said Duncan under his breath. "I've actually learned somehting at school."
"That power does not necessarily reside with the institutional authority figure? " I suggested.
"No," said Duncan.
"That we should start sucking up to Jackson?"
"No," said Duncan. "That the principal is really Humphy Perelman's sister. Haw, haw, haw."
Duncan and I were whispering about how cool it'd be to be cool while the vice-principal made a whole series of boring announcements. Then I heard him call my name as he held up a plastic lunch box.
"Neil Dobbs," he said. "You forgot your lunch. Your mother dropped it in. There's a note on the lid. It says: 'Neilikins, you silly sausage, you forgot your lunchie-wunchie. So dry those nasty old tears away - I've put in an extra Teddy Bear biscuit. Love and kisses, Mumsikins. P.S. I'm sorry I got so angry this morning about the bed wetting.'"



5

After lunch we had history with Mr Carruthers.
We were studying the Ancient Geeks and their influence on our society today.
We learned that even though the Ancient Geeks lived thousands of years ago, their impact on our culture was immense - nearly all aspects of dork and nerdism can be traced back to them.
The national costume of the Geeks was brown corduroy flares worn with an orange and brown tie-dye T-shirt and a floppy yellow terry-towelling hat.
The Geek national anthem was a song called 'Fernando' which was a tribute to the founder of their nation. Thousands of years later, ABBA were to record the song. At solemn national events like state funerals, the Geeks would bow their heads and sing  a dirge-like version of 'Fernando' with tears running down their cheeks.
The grand national building of the Geeks, the Parthenium, was completely covered with Polite Towns first prize plaques.
"For the Geeks were the only known people," explained Mr Carruthers, "who could win a Polite Towns award without being forewarned of the judges' visit. Every single day of the year was polite day for the Geeks."
"Aw yuck. Imagine it," said the boys. "Every day a finger down the throat day."
"Sounds just tippy-top and dandy to us," said the girls.
"The Geeks were the only known society," continued Mr Carruthers, "where teenage boys held their mother's hand when they crossed the road."
"Pewk or what," cried the boys. "How much more of this can our budding yet fragile male egos bear?"
"Well we think it's sweet," said the girls. "Mind you, we'd have no respect for any guy we actually saw doing it."
"Now, now girls," interrupted Mr Carruthers. "The boys are already suffering enough gender confusion.
"The Geek boys knew nothing of sport. Instead, on saturday afternoons, they gathered in the market place to play music on flutes."
This time we didn't respond because Mr Carruthers was just pulling our leg. We knew that boys had always played guitars and drums. It was in the Bible. A boy would no more put a musical instrument in his mouth than wear lipstick. Mr Carruthers has got a really weird sense of humour. He's always saying things like that.
"In Geek mythology there were many gods, but the king of all the gods sat on a sky-high styrofoam bean bag wearing a yellow safari jacket, brown shorts, long white socks and plastic sandals."
"Please sir," I asked. "Did  he scratch his private parts with one hand and pick his nose and eat it with the other?'
"You certainly know your Geek history Neil."
"Please sir, and what was the name of the king Geek god?" For some reason, I just had to know.
"Strange that you of all people should ask, for he was known to the Geeks as 'Dobbs'."


After the history class, Duncan decided he had had enough school for one day, so I helped him with his plan to take a sickie. We got a long skinny rubber band, cut it in half, and I used a bit of chewie to stick one end of it up Duncan's bum.
After he went to the sick bay and dropped his pants to show them the terrible tape worm, Duncan spent the rest of the afternoon at the vets playing with the other sick animals.


A group of outlaw ecoterrorists came to the school. They sang 'It's Not Easy Being Green' dressed in Kermit costumes. We threw coins into an upside-down tea cosy knitted by the leader's mummy.


A number of announcements came over the public address system:
From next year the timetable would be streamlined and the Christmas and Easter holidays would both take place during the October term break.
From now on the boys would use the girl's toilets and the urinals in the boy's toilets would be used for car wash training. This was greeted with a rousing cheer from the boys, most of whom intended to wash car windscreens on busy intersections when they left school.
The World Bank had just granted the school Third World status so it was now eligible to receive aid from Africa and India. The school could finally replace the beads on the abacus.


After school, I rode on my bike around to watch the engineers measuring and surveying Mt Chincogan. The Chamber of Commerce had decided to turn it into 'The Big Aeroplane Jelly' to compete with 'The Big Aborigine' at Mt Warning.
The plan was to wrap the entire hill in raspberry coloured cellophane. Then someone suggested an inflated parachute on the top would look like a dollop of ice-cream.
The scheme had its critics though. They thought it was too up-market for the type of tourist we get in this aresa.
I then went around to watch the train surfers ride the roof of a train as it left town. The best place to watch is in the park where a large tree branch hangs over the train track.
Most of the local surfers are as pathetically slow at ducking the branch as they are in school. It's got to the stage where anyone wearing a neck-brace anywhere in Australia will have people come up to them and ask:"You're from Mullumbimby, aren't you?"
.


When I got home, father had already finished work for the day. He was now only doing funerals as a part-time employee of the big American company MacFunerals.
Father's own funeral business had been sent broke by the aggressive marketing practices of MacFunerals. They had generously donated a euthenasia death machine to the local hospital. But it only had a 'YES' button. MacFunerals guaranteed that if the funeral wasn't completed in 30 seconds you'd get it free. And to save the trouble of going to the cemetry, MacFunerals had a speedy home pick-up service.
Father just couldn't compete, so he ended up working for MacFunerals. He spent most of his time operating a grave-digging machine. It's like a giant hammer which punches a hole in the ground in a quarter the time it usually takes to dig a grave. It's know as the MacFunerals Quarter Pounder.
Because father was only earning $2.70 an hour, mother had set up a child care centre in the chook shed for the children of the local feral community. Problem was, the children were reluctant to return to their parents' accomodation standards at the end of the day. Also, the chooks appeared to be concerned about their hygiene.
Mother was also on a strict economy drive. She asked me to shovel and weigh the chook shit from the shed. It came to 40 kg. By a curious coincidence, the 40kg bag of meusli in the kitchen cupboard seemed to double in size overnight.
"Hey Neillie," called father. "Have you seen this new Burger Hut commercial?"
I raced in to watch.
The ad showed a tent at the base of Uluru. Then it showed a dingo breaking into the tent. A moment later it came out with a Burger Hut hamburger in its mouth. The dingo swallowed it in one gulp and turned to look at the camera. It said:"Beats babies any day. Burp."
Father and I laughed so hard we  started dry retching and that waxy fluid called 'laugh pus' began to dribble from our ears.
Then father and I settled in to watch some Warner Bros cartoons. (Is there any other kind?) The noise from mother's sewing machine was disturbing us, so father called out wouldn't she mind keeping the noise down a bit.
"I'll put my finger under the needle to muffle the noise," replied mother. "Anything to avoid disturbing my two little soldiers, home from the wars of life, in their moment of relaxation."
"Yeah, well just don't bleed all over the new laminex table," said father.
Mother was doing outwork making shirts for export to Chinese peasants. The Chinese always look for the 'Made In Australia' tag on clothing. It's so much cheaper than the local product. Customers in Chinese K-Marts spend much time debating the ethics of buying clothing from such a low wage country as Australia.
We then watched the news. The first item was about how the MacFunerals single option death machine had been so successful in hopitals that MacFunerals would now donate one to every pub, club, video arcade and school in Australia. The Australian Bureau of Statistics estimated that in thirty years the population of Australia would be zero.
On hearing this news, the Prime Minister congratulated MacFunerals and said the country would be far more attractive to foreign investors once all those Australians were out of the way.
A tear ran down father's cheek. He said it was an honour to work for a company that put social responsibility before profits.
Mother told me to make sure I didn't forget my school lunch again tomorow.
I said I might just give school a miss for a few months.
"Ah. My sweetikins. Ever the jester," she said.

7

As I rode past Heritage Park next morning doing my newspaper deliveries, I saw a gaggle of American tourists cackling away on the river bank. Their excited babbling shrilled across the park like that harsh, tinny sound you get on cheap Korean radios.
I went to investigate.
"Lookie here son," they said. "He's walking on water."
And there he was, Clarrie Hibble, walking across the river.
What the Yanqui turistas didn't realise was that the river was so silted up it was only a couple of centimetres deep. Also, the water was so murky with squillions of those little Greek E. coli you couldn't see that Clarrie was actually walking on the bottom of the river.
For the second time in as many days, I went to my knees and crossed myself. (Why spoil a good joke?) This time in an ironical piss-take of American credulity levels.
 They followed my lead. I must admit to a tinge of smugness at the ease with which I got a busload of American tourists to kneel on the muddy river bank. At least I was wearing shorts.
"The Lord has come. What do you think the National Enquirer will pay for these photos?" they cried. "It is the second coming. FOX would probably go top dollar for my video."
Not wanting to miss out, I held out my hand and said: "Takum pic pic. Cash, cash. Pic, pic. Cash, cash."
"It's only fair," they said. "The little native boy should have his cut."


8

Our cheerful, informative, self esteem building school day began with our first class in the new Education Department sponsored 'Elimination of Negative Male Behaviours (And Isn't That All of Them?) Program'.
Our naughty scalliwags of behaviours were to be modified out of their boysie rough and tumble existence by Mervyn Cooch, a male modifier from Sydney.
"Our goal, our focus, our quest," began Merv, "is to liberate the feminine within."
"You've got a ladder in your pantyhose Perv," called out one of the boys.
"Well what do you expect for $1.95? A marble bloody staircase?" said another.
"There'll be none of that in this class," said Merv. "I've heard how you treated poor Humphrey Perelman."
We went silent in respect for his wishes. Also because he was seven feet tall  and had just rolled up his sleeves to reveal tattoos of daggers dripping with blood.
Mr Cooch, sir, then wheeled a gas-fired barbecue unit in front of the class. He lit it and threw on some sausages.
"Every chair in the room is wired to give an electric shock," he explained. "As the smell of the sizzling sausages becomes stronger, so the shock will be increased.
"With this simple aversion therapy, I can turn you all into nice little vegetarians."
"But Mr Cooch, sir," asked Duncan. "Isn't a vegetarian someone who works with intellectually disadvantaged children?"
"Of course not."
"Tis sir, tis," pleaded Duncan.
"All right clever dick," said Mr Cooch, sir. "What do you call someone who works with intellectually disadvantaged adults?"
"A schoolteacher of course. Haw, haw, haw."
Duncan was later widely commended for his bravery but he did have to wear the blame for a sudden surge of electric shock. We let loose with an outburst of girly namby-pamby squeals of pain.
"My double-edged sword," gloated Mr Cooch, sir. "Not only do I teach you to revile macho red meat but, listening to your prissy squealy squeals, I have already liberated the feminine within."
"But why sir, Mr Cooch, sir?" we cried. "Why oh why do you morph us from brave young lads into whimpering schoolgirls? Please let us blossom into stouthearted men of the village. Why do you do this?"
"You want jobs?" he replied. "You want social acceptance? Or do you want to be men?"
He had a point there.
Mr Cooch, sir, then showed us how to bake bread. Duncan got a little confused and put in 20 kg of self raising flour and 2 kg of yeast.
When the loaf started oozing out of the oven, we had to run for our lives. 
The loaf ended up covering the entire east wing of the school where it quickly baked to a nice crispy crust in the hot sun.
Everyone was vacated except the remedial common sense class who didn't think to get out. The State Emergency Services drilled a hole in from the top and dropped down supplies of ham and pickles so they could eat their way out.
The school was closed for the day when the chief of the fire brigade declared the loaf a fire hazard.
He was quoted as saying, "One careless match and Mullumbimby would be the toast of Australia."
For causing so much trouble, the remedial common sense class was given a fortnight's detention after school during which they would have lessons on when to use windscreen wipers.
Duncan made the Guiness Book of Records and The Country Women's Association named him 'Bake-Off Queen' of the year. Duncan proudly wore his prize tiara and sash to school for a whole week. When Mr Cooch, sir saw Duncan's outfit, he said, "Now you can see how rewarding life can be as a woman."


9

With school shut for the day, I wandered home. On my way through town I saw Jackson Colt's wife Cheryl buying two large bunches of flowers. I asked her if someone had died.
"Oh, no," she replied. "These are for a couple of Jackson's girlfriends. He's explained that this is the duty of all Australian wives. But I can't talk now. I must go home and bottle his home brew."
As I walked past the Council Chambers, I stopped to look at the new floral clock. The oldsters didn't like it. They though it shouldn't have been digital.
When I got home, mother had just returned from the hospital where she was doing volunteer work tattooing bar codes on babies. The government had just legalised child slavery and the Parents' Association thought bar codes would streamline sales.
Mother and I decided to spend the afternoon doing our door-to-door sales of pay tv subscriptions. I had thought up a killer-diller line to get us in the front door. Mother would simply say: "We're from the lotteries commission. You bought an unclaimed winning ticket three years ago. I have in my humble vinyl handbag a cheque for $2.5 million."
You'd be surprised how few people slam their door in our face.
In fact, I found sitting sipping other people's champagne a jolly and convivial way to discuss the virtues of pay tv.
Our first house for the afternoon was Wally Blumden's place.
If you get a copy of the Australian Illustrated Dictionary, under 'wrong side of the tracks' you will see a photo of the Blumdens.
So I had to content myself with lime cordial.
I began by describing the wide variety of program content on the 72 PAYTEL channels.
"For the children we have the 'Tom & Jerry' channel. Also there's the 'Jerry & Tom' channel. Each channel screens the one cartoon 5,760 times a month. This makes program choice all the easier.
"For the more sophisticated viewer such as yourself Mr Blumden, we have the 'Nude Mud Wrestling Channel'. And for a bit of variety, the 'Nude Jelly Wrestling Channel'.
"If you sign within the next ten minutes, you will even earn three points a month towards a return airfare to Hollywood U.S. of A."





"How many points do I need to get the trip?" asked Wally.
"Seventeen million," I replied.
"Geez. Makes you wonder how they ever make a profit," said an awestruck Wally. "Lend me that thing that make marks on paper."
I lent Wally my pen.
He made half a X on the dotted line. He had forgotten how to do the other half, so I showed him.
"When do I get the satellite dish?" asked Wally.
"Anytime in the next two years," explained mother. "There's been industrial strife at the wok conversion factory. Something about ear muffs. But we'll let you start paying your subscription from the beginning of last month so you don't lose your place in the queue


10

When mother and I got home, father was waiting with a video in his hand.
"It's arrived," he said to mother. "The tape from The Computer Match Adoption Agency."
"So you finally decide to adopt me out and do you think to tell me?" I said in my best stage-Jew manner.
"No Neil," explained mother. "We're thinking of adopting a darling little sisterkins for our darling little Neilikins."
"Your father and I each filled out a questionnaire. All our personality traits were fed into a computer. The girlikins on this video should perfectly match our combined personalities. Let's look."
The girl on the video had a face like mother's and a body like father's. Everybody had always thought no one else on earth could have a body like father, let alone a girl. But I was still pining for the missing freak show at Watson Bros Circus, so who was I to complain?
The little girl looked at the camera and waved.
"Hi-di-hi Dobbsikins - Papakins, Mamakins, Neilikins. Burp. Wouldn't I be just the delightfulest, sweetestest, subservientest little daughter and sister? Belch."
This went on for another ten minutes.
Father thought she was too girly.
Mother said there was already enough flatulence in the house. 
I though she was cool. I mean how many girls fart without pretending to be embarrassed let alone pick their nose and eat it in front of a video camera?

At 4 a.m. I heard father finally get up to complain about the clackering of mother's sewing machine. I heard him ask her what right she thought she had to indulge in such frivolous pastimes while he was trying to sleep off a hangover.
"I'm sorry dearest," she replied. "I'll do the sewing in the chook shed. Do you mind if I borrow your torch?"
"No way," said father. "It's got new batteries. Shame to waste them. Take the one from the car. Its batteries are nearly flat."
As I went to sleep I could hear mother shuffling out the back in her tatty slippers. The sound was like that of ankle chains in those convict chain-gang films.
At breakfast next morning, mother said she was going to do an Adult Education course she had seen advertised in The Echo.
"It's called 'Dishing It Out - What Every Women Should Know.' I have rather been cooking the same boring old dishes lately so I've decided to upgrade my family care skills. Nothing but the best for my boysikins."
"I hear that roasts are all the rage in trendy brekkie circles."
"No Neil. Not 'till you've finished the 80 kg bag of meusli."
"But Mama! My protein deficiency. How will I ever win an iron man event? My plummetting iron levels. How will I ever edit a women's magazine?"
"My, what an eloquent and far-sighted plea for sanity. What a miserable mumsy I have been. Oh joy that common sense prevails.





"To think I nearly destroyed my darling boy's future because of a simple, innocent, boysie prank. And when you think about it, the sudden death of its victim shows that when my Neil sets himself a task, he gets results."
"So roast tomorrow?" I asked.
"Why wait 'till tomorrow? Where's the Gravox? I'll do it in the microwave."

11

Today was the day of our grand annual class excursion. In previous years the class had gone to Bali for a fortnight. Due to funding cuts, we were instead going to spend the morning in Lismore, about a 45 minute drive from Mullumbimby.
Melissa Thorpe's mother rang the principal to ask if the school couldn't at least afford a trip to Sydney because she so wanted Melissa to visit the Sydney Oprah House and see a show being taped. The principal said all the money raised by the parents had been used to hire a 7 tonne hydraulic bread knife and plate top trucks to remove the giant loaf.
When we got to the outskirts of Lismore, Mrs Tregnaw our geography teacher, asked the driver to stop. She led us all out of the bus to stand like a flock of dorks on a traffic roundabout in the middle of a busy intersection.
Using a large pointer, she began her talk.
"This thing we stand on, you will notice, is 'round'. You may also have noticed that the traffic drives 'about it'. Thus, it is know as a 'roundabout'."
After hearing all this spooky roundabout stuff, we were taken to see one of those French films that you have to read and because this makes it like a book, it's supposed to be good for you.
The film was about about a physically handicapped universtity student who hitch-hiked around the world. It was called 'The Hunchbackpacker of Notre Dame'.
We didn't actually see the film in a cinema. Because our Lismore excursion was being done on the cheap, we watched it on video on the bus.
Tony, the bus driver kept re-winding the tape because he said the sub-titles were too fast.
The boys were all leaping around the back of the bus like hunchbacks. When Mrs Neuman said we shouldn't mock the afflicted, we said we were being all multi-cultural, leaping around like frogs.
When we were having lunch at the Salvation Army we got all misty when the Army Captain made a surprise donation to the school.
It was when the bus ran out of fuel on the way back to Mullumbimby that we realised it was just as well we didn't go to Bali. Imagine what would have happened if the pilot forgot to check the fuel guage.


12

When I got home from school, mother was fussing about what to wear to her first 'Dishing It out' cooking class.
"Perhaps I should wear the pink frilly apron. It'd make a nice homey impression on my fellow class chums."
"If you really want to make an impression," suggested father, " how about wearing my plastic barbecue apron?"
I think he mean't the one with plastic breasts that lit up in the dark and flashed on and off.
"Thank you dear heart," said mother. "I should have thought of it myself."
"I'll even put new batteries in it."
Father did mean the apron with plastic breasts that lit up in the dark and flashed on and off. It'd have to be something really important for father to let mother use new batteries.
As mother walked down the street, she looked like one of those bouys they have in harbours flashing different coloured lights. Only in this case they'd have to call it a 'girl'.
At least father forgot to offer his 'Salmonella Small Goods' barbecue cap.
When mother had gone, father and I went to the annual general meeting of a Mullumbimby business co-operative which makes sand dune capable wheelchairs for crippled surfers.
Father got involved with the co-op when he realised a sand dune capable hearse would be just the thing for all those people who want to be buried at sea. But after father paid his membership fees it was explained that when people were buried at sea it was like an ashes scattering deal rather than like a body intact deal so a hearse would be like redundant.
The meeting began by considering the recommendations of a consultants' report.
The first recommendation was that by sacking 20 staff, the co-op could save $400,000 a year. This was approved by a vote of the members.
The second recommendation was that the co-op change its logo every year. This would cost $400,000 a year. It was also approved.
The third recommendation by the consultancy group was that the co-op stop manufacturing wheelchairs because this was "too hard" for Australians. Instead the co-op should make a bid to become The Bargain Channel phone-in sales centre.
The co-op members let rip with a rousing cheer of agreement.
"It is too hard," they cried. "Why make stuff when you can import it? We'd rather answer phones any day of the week than try to get all those spokes just the right length."
When father and I got home, mother was waiting on the front verandah. She was tapping her right foot up and down. She looked mean and twisted.
"How dare you, you sexist twerp," she shouted at father.
 Father looked behind him.
"Twerp fellah musta run off into the dark," he said. "If he comes back again, just start crying like any sheila would and Neillie and I'll come running."
"I'm talking to you, you chauvinist moron."
Father turned around again and peered out into the dark.
"Bugger's faster than lightning," he said. "Get me torch girlie and I'll have a look in the bushes."
If what I think happened next really did happen, it happened so quick I didn't see it anyway.



All I know is that mother's right foot left the verandah floor for a moment and father doubled over clutching private parts which were too tender to scratch in front of the tv for the next few weeks.
Father came into my room in the middle of the night. He started shaking me.
"Quick. Wake up Neillie. Something terrible's happened."
"Tell me Papa of this disturbance to out slumber."
"Wake up Neil. You're having a nightmare. You're talking all poofy."
"Has there been a train crash with huge loss of life and terrible injuries?"
"Worse than that. Your mother's become a feminist goddess."
"Go back to sleep father. You must mean somebody else's mother."
"No. Truly ruly Neillie. The 'Dishing It Out' class is a self-defence class run by the Mullumbimby Sister Hoods. When your mother turned up wearing the apron with the plastic breasts that light up and flash on and off , the sister hoods weren't amused."
"Ah. The eternal fate of sophisticated humour."
"That's what I said."
"Really father?"
"Well not quite. But I would've if I knew what it meant."


13

Father and I sat at the breakfast table and waited. And waited. And waited.
"Kitchen seems sort of roomier this morning Neillie."
"Like when you ride a lift to the top floor and most of one's fellow vertical travellers have alighted," I observed.
"Ah, I don't think they let you smoke on lifts these days Neillie."
We mostly sat in silence. About midday father started getting a bit restless.
"The service  in this place is usually pretty good. You haven't seen that woman who usually cooks our roast?"
"You mean mother? Nup."
A car horn tooted out the front.
The sunlight streaming through the kitchen window treked quickly across the floor.
Empires rose and fell.
"Nick down for a pizza Neillie?"
"Reckon."
"Make it a large marinara," bellowed mother from behind the closed door of the parental bedroom.
"How could she have heard me?" whispered father.
"Because I am the all-knowing God-Woman. You may call me 'Zarina'," shouted mother from behind the shut door.
Father shrugged his shoulders.
"You may well shrug your shoulders, you gender-degenerate wimp-wuss shrivelled-soul mess of a male."
"Spooky-dook!" father and I chorused.
Mother came into the kitchen. She was dressed like a witch, enrobed in flowy drackie blackie attire. Instead of a pointy hat, she had pointy hair.
"Your hairdresser had better be careful she doesn't poke her eye out. He, he, he," giggled father.
"You could dye it orange and get a job with a road repair gang," I splurted out wittily.
Mother banged our heads together like in The Three Stooges.
"Aw geez," whined father like a girly girl as he rubbed his skull.
"Aw geez," I commented in a manly matter-of-fact manner as I rubbed my skull.
"A little respect is due a goddess," announced mother regally.
"What's this about a Jewish goddess?" asked father.
"Mother didn't say 'Jewish'," I explained. "She  said 'dual'. Obviously 'Little Respect' is the name of a two-headed goddess."
"Thanks for clearing that up Neillie."
"Zarina is born of the well-spring of Mother Earth."
"Me ears are ringin' Neillie. She reckon she's well-hung or something?"
"Zarina is Mother Eternal. She is Feminine Perfection. She is the Goddess of Growth and Nurture, of Peace and Harmony and Fertility."
Mother had really changed. I had never heard her speak in Capital Letters before.
"Zarina has joined the Mullumbimby Goddesses' Car Pool for Bi-Lo shopping Days."
"Now, now girlie," said father. "This has gone far enough. This is a Mallam's Supermarket family. I didn't mind when you changed churches, but this is sacred."
"How true, how true," mother wept as she went to her knees. "There are greater loyalties than to one's God. I must cease this foolishness postehaste."
"Well if you're going down the Post Office, would you ask them why me black label edition 'Bikers and Boobs' magazine hasn't showed up."
14

Duncan dropped by next morning to see why I hadn't been at school.
"Mother had a fling with goddessness," I explained.
"Oh that," he replied knowingly. "Father put an end to it with the old 'sacred supermarket' line. Never fails."
On our way to school, we saw a crowd had gathered outside the newsagent. Clarrie Hibble was standing on a seat at the bus stop.
"I will now perform my third miracle," he announced to the enthralled throng. "I will remove this compact disc from its shrink-wrap in less than an hour."
"Oooh!" exclaimed the primitive peasant hills dwellers. (Or at least those who knew what a compact disc was. The others maintained their habitual blank stare.)
"Can't be done," muttered the cynical, sophisticated coastal citizens.

        We settled in for the task at hand.
        No one would miss the miracle man.
        Towards the end there was much agitation
        Would Clarrie fail in his prestidigitation?
        But then at the fifty-six minute mark,
        Disc in one hand, wrap in 'tother,
        Clarrie announced: "Twas no bother.
        For Miracle Man it was just a lark."

Cameras popped.  The ever-busy man from the Mullumbimby office of the Guiness Book of Records took notes. A journalist from Who Weekly asked Clarrie about his sex life. A journalist from 60 Minutes asked Clarrie what he would say if he confronted a sneering skeptic.


15

Duncan and I arrived late for Mr Carruther's history class.
As we went to our seats, he announced in that sarcastic teacherly way, that given our tardy conduct, the early part of the lesson would have been of great relevance to us. He said he had been explaining how wild animals such as dogs and boys had been domesticated.
The rest of the lesson was about how the custom of shaking hands only caught on after toilet paper had been invented.
At one stage Campbell Hopgood put up his hand and said: "It is a known historical fact that people also only started picking their noses after toilet paper was invented."
"Very good Campbell," gloated Mr Carruthers.
The suck up really went over like a charm.
Campbell's a real siss because he thinks he's better than the rest of us boys just because he isn't stupid.
Announcements over the public address system were calling out a class at a time to have its annual school photo taken.
When it came our turn, Mr Carruthers tied Duncan's hands behind his back with barbed wire.
Last year Duncan undid his fly and greeted the camera flash with one of his own. The offender member wasn't noticed until the photos were handed out in class.
The prank backfired on Duncan when Joana suggested he should have"that little warty thing" looked at by a doctor.
But Mr Carruthers was obviously taking no chances this year.
The photo was being taken under a willow tree near the creek.
The photographer introduced himself.
"Hi there. Like I'm Tony and like I'll be your picture-taker person."
"But like Tony," we said, "you're like our bus driver. Don't you remember? Mt Warning? Lismore?"
"Well like as long as I keep doing different courses at the drug rehab, I get the methadone. But I don't remember ever going to Mt Warning."
 Tony tripped over the tripod, sending it and the camera flying down the bank into the creek.
"Wow," said Tony in wonder. "That'd be the thirtieth time I've done that this morning."
We looked down into the creek. Sure enough. Thirty tripodded cameras littered the creek bed. 
"Just hang on a mo. while I  go to the semi-trailer and fetch another camera. They gave me enough to last all day."
Tony set up his thirty-first camera and looked through the view-finder.
"Run for your lives," he screamed as he ran behind a clump of trees. "It's the Angel of Death."
Joanna went to inspect the camera.
"It's a moth on your lens Tony," she called after him.
Tony sheepishly returned, muttering, "Coodabeen, coodabeen."
"Sure Tony," we reassured him. "Angel of Death - always a nuisance this time of year. Shoulda brought the repellant."
"What have you got in that bag Tony?" someone asked.
"Just some boring photos I took."
"Gizza look, gizza look," we pestered.
"Well, they're not very interesting. This one," said Tony, holding up a photo, "is of the Prime Minister and his girlfiend getting out of a flying saucer at Main Arm."
"Boring. Can't you do any better?" we encouraged.
"Well this is one of the Queen’s secret Byron Bay holiday. It shows her romping naked in the surf with a Samoan football team."
"Boring, boring," we constructively criticised.
"I guess you're right," said Tony. "Some people just have a knack of being in the right place at the right time."
He flicked the photos down into the creek.
 Tony made another attempt to take our photo but he had the shakes so bad, he only had to go near the camera and it would start to shake on its tripod.
"How about," he suggested, "one of you take the photo and I'll stand in for them."


When we pointed out that the person operating the camera wouldn't be in the class photo, Tony suggested that if each of us in turn took a photo and we did it thirty-two times, no one would miss out. He would stand in each time for the person taking the photo.
The teachers were totally mystified when the photos came back. How could that sweaty bug-eyed guy be in thirty-two different positions in the one photo?
The California Institute for the Paranormal and Matters Spooky-Dook is currently investigating the photos as part of its Mullumbimby Research Project.
Duncan was mighty pleased with himself after the photo session. As I cut the barbed wire from his wrists with a pair of bolt-cutters, he told me that before Mr Carruthers tied him up, he undid Campbell Hopgood's fly.
But once again, Duncan's photo session prank backfired on him. When the photos were passed around, Joanna commented, "What's that thing like a bread roll sticking out of Campbell's pants?"


16

Back in primitive times, we delicate youngsters were forced to take part in competitive sports. On sports days, boys and girls were callously forced into things called teams. One team would win. The other would lose.
This meant that next day at school, half the little boys and girls would be happy little boys and girls. But the other half would be sad little boys and girls.
The sad little boys and girls moped around, heads bowed, wiping their tears and moaning, "I'm a sad little boy/girl." (Whichever applicable.)
So they would be sent to see the Sadness Counsellor.
Then one day at school assembly, the principal said: "There is nothing sadder than a sad little boy or girl."
"Boo hoo. How true," whimpered the sad little boys and girls.
"Henceforth......," continued the principal.
"Yes Sir?" called out Bruce Henceforth.
"Shut up Henceforth," snapped the principal.
Bruce is always doing that. He's really boring.
"Henceforth, there will be no more competitive sports. The school has traded in all its sports equipment and purchased 600 used and heavily soiled tummy trimmers. And because they are dangerously unhygenic, we got a 2% discount."
That was nearly two years ago. It's taken all that time for the parents to raise the $12,000 needed to have the tummy trimmers cleaned and sterilised.
Know-all Campbell Hopgood reckons his father the vet could sterilise 600 cats for half that price.
Today was our first tummy trimmer sports afternoon.
Our little hearts went all a-flutter at the sight of 600 sparklarkling in the sun tummy trimmers laid out with military precision on the sports oval.
It only took a couple of hours for us each to find our very own personalised TT (as we now called them with the casual nonchalance of old hands.) For each TT had a student's name embossed on sterilised vinyl.
The honour of having a TT named after you was just too overwhelming for many. Some cried with emotion while others just lost bladder control.
We all stood to attention beside our TTs as the school band played something that sounded a bit like Advance Australia Fair.
After a priest blessed our TTs, we were ready for action.
On the first blow of the whistle we all lay down on our backs and nestled our top halves into the TT frames which would support us in our sit-ups.
On the second blow of the whistle we all sat up. When we got to the up position, 600 tummy-trimmers with faulty snap-lock spring mechanisms whacked themselves shut into the handy carry store-away position.
Six hundred budding sports enthusiasts found their faces locked hard into their kneecaps.
All the girls started squealing and thrashing their arms about because they were so scared.
All the boys started squealing and thrashing their arms about in an heroic attempt to draw attention to the plight of the girls. (Except for Jackson Colt, who paid me $20 to pretend he didn't squeal and thrash like the rest of us.)
The rescue operation took a little while to get under way.



The principal rang and asked Donny Blumden the panel beater to come and cut us out of our tummy-trimmer cages with his welding torch. But Donny was busy welding hidden compartments into  cars for the Mullumbimby Marijuana Growers Federation.
When he had finished, Donny suantered around to give a quote.
"Insurance job?" he asked.
"No, but we can raise the money," grovelled the Principal in deference to the social status of the tradesman.
"Be about $12,000."
"That's very reasonable Mr Blumden," sucked up the principal. "Are you sure it's enough? It'd only take us a couple of years to raise a piddling sum like that."
"OK I can squeeze you in on tuesday week."
"Well we don't want to interrupt your all important work schedule Mr Blumden. Are you sure that's convenient?" snivelled the principal.
"Unless something important comes up, " said Donny as he dismissed the principal.
In a radical departure from the time-honoured traditions of Mullumbimby tradesmen, Donny actually turned up on the day he said he would.
For this he had to appear before the Mullumbimby Tradesmen's Disciplinary Board who suspended Donny's business licence for six months. They issued a statement saying: "Such irresponsible behaviour could spoil things for the rest of us."
As Donny cut through the tummy-trimmer frames with his red hot torch, each of us in turn tried not to go: "Ooh, ah. Ooh, ah. It's hotty hot hot. Wah! I want my mummy."
But each of us in turn went: "Ooh, ah. Ooh, ah. It's hotty hot hot. Wah! I want my mummy."
The principal later congratulated us for maintaining our dignity during such an "ikky, irksome incident."


17

My next work experience  experience was with the Agriculture Department Vampire Eradication Board.
The loopy as a loon, mad as a bat bachelor blokes  of the angry mist shrouded valleys of Huonbrook and Upper Wilson's Creek have had so much of their blood sucked by leeches that they themselves have evolved into a new and terrifying species of blood sucking vampire.
They are so vicious, they can suck the blood from from a cholestral clogged footballer in thirty seconds, including the time it took to bot $5 for a drink.
Because the vampires are nocturnal, the local Social Security Office is the only one in Australia open nights.
We gathered for the vampire hunt as darkness fell. The small clearing was surrounded by spooky-dook forest. We could smell the vampires' burnt toast as they were just getting up for the night - probably still in their jamies and fluffy slippers.
Our horses had been groomed by forelock tugging hunchback stablehands with cockney accents.
"'Ere's your 'orse Guvnor. If 'e ain't turned out perfect master Dobbs, be much obliged if you'd 'old me 'and over a 'ot flame."
"Got a light?" I asked. Not knowing anything about horses, I did know that without strict discipline, hired staff would lose respect for their betters. Besides, how often does someone ask you to torture them?
The Master of the Hounds blew his bugle. In our red riding jackets and black caps, we stood in a circle, raised our mulled wine in our stirrup cups and toasted His Majesty King George III.
When I asked, nobody knew who this George the third fella was. "But we've always done it this way," they said defensively.
By this time, as the smell of scrambled eggs wafted across the clearing, all the hounds and horses had gone to sleepybies.
"Not again," moaned the Master of the Hounds. "Those dastardly nocturnal vampires have outwitted us again."
"This has happened before?" I asked.
"Two hundred and three years in a row," he replied.
"Two hundred and four," the others corrected him.
We retired to the plush leather surrounds of the Royal Mullumbimby Geographical and Scientific Society.
The walls were lined with protraits of dead former members.
One was of Sir Bruce Connington, famed Mullumbimby inventor of the time machine. The only blot on Sir Bruce's impeccable career was the three and a half weeks he spent in the Fort Laverty  lock-up after being convicted of attempted fraud.
Sir Bruce took out a $200,000 loan from the Mullumbimby Customer First Bank, went twenty years into the future, got the documentation to prove he had paid off the loan, came back to the present, went to the bank manager, poked his tongue out and said, "Na, na, na, na, na. Look, I've paid off my loan."
Another portrait was of Dame Enid Pratt, famous explorer and inventor. While exploring the upper reaches of Mullumbimby's very own cesspool, the Brunswick River, Dame Enid discovered a lost tribe of albino pygmies.
Immediately realising their potential, she trained them to ride her horses in the Lismore Racing Carnival. Thus Dame Enid invented the jockey. All jockies in the world are descended from that one lost tribe. She is much admired for having created employment opportunities for so many albino pygmies.


School assembly  next morning began with the principal congratulating the remedial common sense class , not just for completing the course on when to use windscreen wipers, but also for completing a series of courses on how to tell the difference between a tube of toothpaste and a jar of Vegemite. (It was really pewky having them sit in class with Vegemite dripping down their chins.)
"In fact," the principal beamed proudly, "when it came to the practical exam, the common sensers achieved a 50% pass rate in both classes."
We all cheered and clapped the common sensers for their great success.
Next the train surfers were congratulated for their successful neck stretching.
The Polite Towns Committee had complained to the hospital about the yellow sweat dribble stains on the train surfers' neck braces.
The hospital overcame the problem by ordering a batch of yellow neck braces so no one would notice the stains. But the braces were too high fitting, so the train surfers were all taken 






up the Gold Coast where they had to keep bungey jumping until their necks stretched enough to fit the braces.
This they had done, so we applauded them too.
But the really excitingest part of the morning was when the entire school marched through town to attend the opening of the brand new swimming pool.
Our procession carried three large banners appropriately depicting water in everyday life.
The first banner showed middle-aged men queueing for prostate surgery.
The second banner was a community health message from our caring school. It made us feel proud (but not proud enough to wear the school uniform). It showed how a simple bong can soothe otherwise parched throats.
The third banner depicted the charred remains of some poor soul who had gambled a leaky hot water bottle with an electric blanket. Some spectators asked what a barbecued sausage had to do with water.
The pool opening was to be performed by nearly everybody's fat television cook, Chubby Charlton. (Some people prefer Fat Boy Fullerton or Roly Royston - but not many.)
Chubby began proceedings by cooking wok tossed baby snow peas and brocoli, lightly kissed with garlic, tumbled with a dash of oyster sauce, dotted with oven crisp almonds, on a succulent bed of saute noodles served aside char-grill prawns marinated with white wine  and ginger and served on a white platter which Chubby delicately wiped with a crackly old hankie.
Chubby gave a short but moving speech on the need for greater acceptance of the quirky sexual habits of fat people.
Then, being a wacky kinda guy, Chubby jumped fully clothed into the pool.
Only problem was, as the Coroner's Report later explained in some detail, the filtration system was set to recycle the water every three seconds instead of every three hours.
 The suction into the filtration plant was so great that when Chubby hit the stainless steel grid he was quickly but expertly diced and cubed.
The thousands of Chubby cubes clogged the filtration plant where they sat for thirty minutes in a chlorine marinade.
The water pressure was so great, the filter finally exploded.
Little Chubby cubes rained down all over town. The thirsty gardens of Mullumbimby welcomed the first precipitation in several weeks.
As umbrellas popped up all over Mullumbimby, its grateful citizens were deeply appreciative that Chubby's final performance was so in keeping with the watery theme of the day.
And the delirious dogs of Mullumbimby were in no need of boring old canned food for several days.


18

When I got home father was  standing by the mantelpiece proudly pointing at a matchbox.
"Guess what?" he said.
I put on my deepest, blackest voice and said: "Ongo, bongo. White man's fire box."
"Try again."
"A mail order brain for home hobby transplant?"
"Close. It's a Chubby cube for funeral purposes."
Father opened the matchbox. Inside was a mangled piece of Chubby fat.
"Not exactly a cube," I suggested.
"Well I had to wrestle it from a pit-bull terrier," explained father. "Sit down Neillie and I'll explain my grand funeral plans.
"All I have to do is build a little model of a horse drawn funeral coach with a tiny matchbox size coffin on the back. Then all I have to do is train six white mice to pull the coach. The all I have to do is train six bull-ants to act as pall bearers. Then all I have to do......Hey, get off the mantelpiece Puss."
Puss pulled his face out of the matchbox, went "glomp" as he swallowed and started licking his bum and purring.
We got up to look in the matchbox.
The cat had made a meal out of the cook.
"Get a piece of your mum's lambs fry out of the fridge."
"I don't think we should do that Father."
"You're right Neillie. She'd probably notice it missing."

19

Mother came home from Mallam's Supermarket laiden down with delightful party goodies.
Inspired by Mervyn Cooch's desire to release the feminine within, I had invited some boys around for a girly style sleepover.
Sissy squeals of delight bounced merrily off the walls of the humble Dobbs cottage as my bestest boyfriends in the whole world arrived with sleeping bags under their arms.
We cosied up in the lounge with the sleeping bags laid out wall-to-wall.
Mother came in with the most scrumptious platter of party pies just as we finished painting each other's toe-nails.
After din-dins, we tried on each other's clothes for a while and then Bruce had the most delightful surprise.
"Guess what I-I-I-'ve got? he teased.
"What, what, what Brucie?" we squealed with excitement.
"A packet of  'Beaut & Cute' bubble bath mix from the brand new 'Lovely Lass' range of feminine toiletries."
We always had Bruce pegged as a bit of a nerd, but this changed everything.
I don't know how we did - sheer youthful exuberance probably - but we all squeezed in together and had what we cheekily called our 'Bruce Is Cute' bubble bath.
As we dried off and brushed each other's hair, we tried to decide if David Duchovny or Brad Pitt had the cutest bum.
Mother came in and said we'd catch our death with no clothes on.
Tucked into our jamies, we settled in to enjoy our chosen video, 'National Velvet'.
"Ah," we sighed, "All those nice little girls singing their little hearts out about happy holidays while the stupid boys just muck up."
"Look, look," we cried, "Miss Murder She Wrote as a girl. And she was ugly even then."
We giggled with embarrassment at our daring rudeness.
We sighed with sympathy when we saw poor little Liz wearing braces on her teeth.
The horsie was so beautiful, we all decided to pester our parents to buy us each a pony.
Just as the big race was about to start, father, being a bit of a punter, came in to watch.
"No way the little sheila can pull this one off," he announced as he sat down.
It's curious the way he always farts when he sits down.
"Phew," said Kevin who was sitting on the floor next to the chair. "Why do you say that Mr Dobbs?"
"Who knows why a man breaks wind? Some questions must be left unasked."
"No. I mean about little Liz winning the race."
"Well nothing personal against little Liz. " I had stopped the video as father continued. "I mean she raised lots of money for aids and had a really big family - although it was mostly husbands.
"It's just that a five mile race is more a bloke distance. Remember, there weren't any sheilas on the Kokoda Trail. Supermarket aisle's a better distance for a girl. 
"So how about we place some bets?"
Heeding father's words of wisdom, everybody placed their $5 and $10 bets on the horses being ridden by the blokes.
But in deference to Mr Cooch, sir, I stuck with Liz and placed $10 on her horse The Pie.
Father was bookmaker.
When The Pie was first over the line, everybody turned and stared silently at Father and me.
"Bloody thing was rigged," said Bruce. "Your con artist father set us up. You and him'll walk away with all our money."
Bruce jumped up and punched me on the nose. It started bleeding all over the sleeping bags.
I punched Bruce in the mouth and knocked his front tooth out. It started bleeding.
Kevin came at me, but Duncan leapt to my defence, swinging  a bag of peanuts which broke Kevin's nose. It also bled all over the sleeping bags.
"Wait on," said father who was still watching the video. "There's been an objection."
The objection was upheld because little Liz had fallen off the horse after it crossed the line.
 The horse Bruce had bet on, Ebony Star, won after all.
"Well," said father. "I think we've all learnt something from this little incident."
"Yeah," said Bruce. "Trust a bloody sheila to fall off a horse."
"True, true," we murmered in agreement.


     I was at school assembly and the 'Cool Award' was being presented. Jackson Colt went up to receive it for the fifth year in a row.
The 'Geek Award' was then presented. As I went up to receive it, mother woke me up.
I'm always having that dream.
"Wakie, wakie my little girlie sleepover sausages," sang mother. "Blood all over the sleeping bags. I've read about that."
"Read about what?" I asked.
"The way women in confined spaces all get their periods at the same time. Mr Cooch certainly will be proud of his apprentice feminines."

20

Duncan and I were hanging about town on Saturday morning when lo and behold, a biblical vision apparitioned before our very eyes. 'Pon closer inspect 'twas none but a berobed Clarrie Hibble.
He was standing on an upturned fruit box spouting forth to a congregation of elderly, widowy, black-attired women.
A bus parked nearby had a sign on the which read: 'Woolongong Weeping Virgins and Miracle Tours Bus Co'.
Word of Clarrie's miracles was spreading like that really soft creamy peanut butter throughout the land.
We stayed to listen to Clarrie's sermon.
"Clarrie's Second Commandment: If you also purchase the Porta Oven Easy Clean , you will get two spray cans for the price of one.
"Clarrie's Third Commandment: If you ring in the next fifteen minutes, you will get absolutely free the Shoe and Tomato Knife Set."
Duncan turned to me and said: "I can do better then that."
I couldn't believe my ears. Duncan had uttered sacred words only spoken by Australian rock musicians while watching other musicians perform.
Duncan elbowed his way through the crowd and shoved Clarrie off his box.
"Thank you, thank you. I love you all," said Duncan in response to imaginary applause.
He had switched into his night-clubby stand-up comedian persona.
"They say, 'God works in mysterious ways'. I say, 'It's better than being on the bloody dole'. Haw, haw, haw.
"Did you know that dyslexics think a god is man's best friend. Haw, haw, haw.
"On the other hand, people from the Northern Tablelands reckon Glenn Innes is next to Godliness. Haw, haw, haw.
"There's nothing more rewarding than the time spent in confession. You should hear some of the things our priest has to confess. Hot diggity. Haw, haw, haw.
"Some of you poor demented souls have travelled 1,000 km to witness a Miracle. I reckon, you've tasted one margarine, you've tasted them all. Haw, haw, haw.
"Einstein said: 'God does not play dice'. Having performed in all the top casinos around the world, I can confirm that. He prefers the pokies any old day. Haw, haw, haw.
"Don't you think it's  about time we had an Australian Pope? You know, Pope Four and Twenty Pious. Haw, haw, haw.
"This Hibble religion is just a scam. He justs regards you as widows of opportunity. Haw, haw, haw.
"Rumour has it, Clarrie recently recently took a bath. Bugger'll pinch anything not nailed down. Haw, haw, haw.
"In conclusion, if we could bow our heads in solemn prayer. Ha, ha! Made ya look!
"Thank you, thank you. You're the best audience I've ever had. I love you all. I really do."
My applause sounded awfully lonely.
Duncan gets a slightly better response when he performs before an English speaking audience.
Clarrie was still lying in the dust. He couldn't get up because he's a bit weak in the upper and lower limbs. The rest of him isn't all that crash hot either.
Duncan and I stood looking down at Clarrie.
"Give us a hand," he pleaded.
"I never play cards," said Duncan.
"What about you," asked Clarrie.
"Nup. He never plays cards with me either," I replied helpfully.
"You going to leave me lying here?" asked Clarrie.
"We could stay and watch if you'd prefer," suggested Duncan.
"You mean a young fellow like you would just stand and watch me lying here?"
"Geez Clarrie," said Duncan with understandable impatience. "You want us to go or you want us to stay?"
"That mouth of yours Duncan Noonan is going to bring you great grief."  
Clarrie was spitting his words. His eyes turned orange and began to sparklarkle like the sun-drenched vinyl tummy trimmers, the thought of which turned my eyes misty.
"I'm placing a curse on you Duncan Noonan," spat Clarrie. "You are condemned to say whatever you think. Any thought that pops into your pea-brain will immediately pop out of your mouth - no matter what the consequences. It's known as 'The Curse of the Total Boofhead Who Just Won't Go Away."




21

School assembly on monday morning began with a trivial enough announcement.
The principal said: "Mith Thorenthon did not appreciate receiving in the mail a gift of one blood stained front tooth and a tube of super glue."
When mother was cleaning  up the morning after the sleepover, she'd found Bruce's knocked out tooth. Duncan and I decided not to waste it.
"We're running behind schedule on revised timetables," announced the principal. "This time last year we had revised it forty-two times. This year we are down to a paltry twenty-six.
"The school is in grave danger of having its TR staff slashed if we don't pull our sox up. So for the rest of the year the timetable will be revised twice weekly."
"Well I don't know about that," boomed the steady cool tone of Jackson Colt.
When Jackson said he didn't know about something, you could be damn sure he did.
"How many times do I have to tell you Cedric. No classes for Jackson on friday morning. You know I keep it for granting audiences to visiting celebrities. Only last week Sharon Stone left Mullumbimby in tears because I had to attend Hospitality Theory class.
"It's just not good enough Cedric. Jackson is displeased."
"You're so right Mr Colt, as always," wept the principal. "How can I go on?"
"Well Cedric, you can't really," explained Jackson.
"Oh the wisdom of coolth," sobbed the principal. "I can't go on. Oh please, please Mr Colt - take over as school principal. Bring success where I have failed. Bring light where I have created darkness. Oh and here - take the keys to my Education Department vehicle."
The principal tossed the keys to the vice-principal who is known simply as 'The Chinaman'. I'm not sure why because he's really English and his name is Walter Bainbridge.
The vice-prinicipal caught the keys and, head bowed, shuffled to the back of assembly, his arms folded against his chest and hidden in the sleeves of his kimono, the tassle on his silk beanie flapping with each tiny step.
He handed the keys to Jackson in a moment of highly emotional symbolism. The changing of the guard.
Jackson inspected the little leather flap on the key ring.
"Geeze Cedric," he said with contempt. "I wouldn't piss on a Commodore."
He handed the keys back to vice-principal who bowed his head and said,"So solly Mr Cort," and shuffled away.
Jackson went to the front of assembly and stood looking down at the crumpled, weeping wreck that was our former principal.
"I can't help but pity my inferiors, even though of course, it takes up so much of my time."
Behind Jackson's cool facade lay a truly selfless, giving human being. A man so overwhelmed with pity, he had sufficient for all of us.
"Under Cedric's leadership, the history of the school has been a sad tale of wasted opportunities. So as my first act as principal, I'm going to arrange for all your Austudy payments to be paid into my bank account."
Wow! Cool! We were awe-struck. Only a uniquely gifted individual would think they could get away with a scam like that.
"What this school needs is a powerful incentive scheme to motivate you poor directionless wretches to act in a manner which benefits the school and its grand traditions.
"To this end, I have decided that at the end of each week I will choose the student who has sucked up to me with the greatest sincerity. That student will have the honour of washing my heavily soiled undies."
At last! We had a reason to come to school each morning. Something to strive for.
"Finally, I think it's time the school returned to basics. To achieve this, I'm going to ask the local council to drain the new swimming pool and fill it with lightly simmered milk of Norwegian goats."
"About time," "Long overdue," called out a couple of early starters in the race to launder Jackson's heavily soiled undies.
"I didn't know Sharon Stone was in Mullum," I whispered to Duncan.
"Oh yeah," he explained. "She stayed at the deluxe penthouse bridal suite at The Banana Picker's Armpit Hotel. Real class act."

22

By lunchtime, The Ladies Luncheon Auxiliary of The Usurped Principals' Carers Association had prepared a magnificent farewell banquet for 600 students plus staff plus one former principal plus invited town dignitaries.
What a feast! The dead pigs with apples shoved in their gobs were fit for a king.
After lunch Duncan delivered the speech of thanks to our departing principal.
Duncan had eaten so much, it took two of  us to help him stand up. Even then we had to fetch a pair of crutches from the sick bay so he wouldn't collapse under his stomach weight.
There was another delay when Duncan decided that if he vomitted he wouldn't need the crutches, so he asked the mayor to pass an empty salad bowl and stuck his fingers down his throat.
"There you go," announced Duncan after he gargled some lemony water from a prawn eater's finger bowl. "Right as rain."
There was futher delay when Duncan asked for a spittoon. When one was placed at his feet, Duncan went "hoik, phfft." The slag landed in the spittoon.
"No good. Move it further away," requested Duncan.
The spittoon was moved about five metres away. Duncan went "hoik, phfft." The slimy green slag landed on the left shoulder on the Anglican minister's wife.
"That's better," said Duncan with satisfaction. "A man needs a challenge."
"Cedric," began Duncan. "You don't mind if I call you Cedric? Of course, now you're no longer boss man around here, I don't give a shit if you do mind.
"Cedric, we're really going to  miss a guy who buys his hair pieces at Discount Carpet Warehouse. Not to mention 'The Clothes St Vinnies Reject' as we say.
"We students have had such good time under your leadership - oh how we've laughed behind your back.
"And looking at your good wife sitting there. Makes you wonder why they don't call cellulite 'celluheavy'."
I tugged Duncan's sleeve and whispered, "What's going on?"
"It's Clarrie's curse," he whispered back. "I say whatever I think. Pretty cool huh?"
"I reckon," I said with envy. "Go for it Dunkie, before it wears off."
Duncan continued his speech of appreciation.
"Hoik, phfft. Second time lucky Mrs Cavendish. Your own fault though. If you'd been wearing glasses, it woulda hit the lens.
"Now where was I? Oh yeah. I was pretending that boring old fart with the sissy name was half-way human.
"But let's talk about something interesting.
"Have you ever wondered what happened to those little red and green doovers they used to have on hot and cold taps? Like, what did they do with them? Maybe somewhere there's a red and green doovers rubbish dump. It probably has a big pile of red doovers and a big pile of green doovers. No, no. They probably mix them so there's just one big pile of mixed red and green doovers. But then the pile would be twice as big which might be too big, so then they would have to separate the red doovers from the green doovers so there would be two piles but they would be exactly half as big. Or they could just have two piles of mixed red and green doovers. Or......" 
After another 45 minutes of Duncan pondering the fate of the red and green doovers I tugged his sleeve again.
"Everybody's gone, Duncan."
"Interesting speech, wasn't it?"
"Fascinating Duncan, fascinating. Clarrie's curse has finally produced a male who can conversationally hold his own with New Age women."


23

As we walked home from school, Duncan and I discussed our freak show.
We had borrowed a large tent and were planning to set it up at the Mullumbimby Market with a sign out front saying: 'Luigi Fanfini's Fabulous Freak Show'. 'Only $2'. 'Spew Bags On Request'.
We got the idea a few weeks ago when we found a dead guinea pig in the gutter. If we put it in a little fish tank and filled it with blue coolant, nobody'd know it wasn't a little dead furry freak baby, abandoned by its poor mummy who couldn't afford all those shavers.
Next we asked that little girl in year seven with a face like a goat if she'd stick her head out of one end of a big box. We would stick the rear end of a goat out the other end.  Voila! The Goat Girl of Goonengerry.
She wasn't too keen at first but when we said we'd only let her do it if she gave us $10 (each) she decided she didn't want to miss out in case someone else decided they wanted to.
"I was saving the money," she explained, "to buy my poor liddle brother a new wooden leg, but now my liddle savings account will benefit all humankind."
Next we glued a fright mask on one end of a vacuum cleaner hose and put it in a tumble dryer with a groovy flashing strobe light on top. The kids would be really frightened by The Wild Worm Man of Wanganui.
But when I got home from school, waiting for me was the grand doozy of all freak exhibits.
"Neil, I'd like you to meet," announced mother proudly, "your new brother. Or should I say brothers?" she giggled.
Standing with a silly grin on his mouths, was a guy who would have been a dork even if he didn't have three heads. 
"Your new brother," said mother, "was orphaned in one of the frequent UFO crashes out at Main Arm. He's a Martian. Your father and I, being free of all forms of racial intolerance, have adopted him."
"What's his name?" I asked mother.
"Well actually he has three. Your father examined the adoption agency's book of traditional English names and came up with Curly, Larry and Moe."
"Bit conservative," I suggested.

"Well," said mother, "you don't want a name that's going to seem odd in a few years, do you?"
"G'day Curly," I said.
"Yad'g Lien," he replied.
"G'day Larry."
"Yad'g Lien."
"G'day Moe."
"Yad'g Lien."
"Speaks funny," I said to mother.
"He learnt English on Mars. But they read a page from right to left."
"Must cost a fortune in sunglasses. Not to mention hats," I observed.
"Trams Cela," they replied.
"Now, now Neil. Try to be friends with your new brothers."
"Want to come to the market on saturday morning," I asked C, L, and M. "You'll feel at home in our tent."
We made a lot of money on the day with our freak show tent. But there were a few hiccups. Although 'hiccups' is an understatement judging by the number of spew bags we had to hand out.
'Goat Girl' got a bit upset when a goat breeder suggested he could use her for breeding purposes but his wife said it wouldn't be a very good idea to introduce such an ugly goat into the bloodline.
Then one of the Blumden kids started squawking that the Furry Freak Baby was his missing little brother and why was he drowning? A case of life imitating art?
Where we really made our money was when Colonel Jimbo Topper, talent scout for Watson Bros Circus, got interested in Curly, Larry and Moe.
When I got home that evening, mother asked me where C, L and M were.
"Ran away to join the circus," I explained.
"How nice for one so young to focus on a career," she beamed.
When I later told father I'd sold my brothers, he was really angry.
"I'm their father. Surely I should get the money."
Being the close-knit family we are, we went 50-50.


Mater, pater et 'umble moi were rudely awoke early sunday morn by angry, noisy big rocks raining on the sweet, innocent, little roof of our likewise cottage.
(Although the cottage isn't exactly like the roof. Its actually a little littler. 'Cos there's a bit of the roof that hangs over the edge so it's actually a little bigger than the house.....Or did a bit of Clarrie's curse rub off on me?)
A voice called out through a megaphone, (A Krowd Kontrolla Model A137?): "We've come for the blood of the little freak show pimp."
I recognised the weedy nasally voice of Clarrie Hibble sounding like he (at the same time) had a peg on his nose and a hot poker up his arse.
"We've come to tar and feather, although we couldn't find any of either, the little atheistic troublemaker, for as the Lord is my witness, I can swear the takings of my Miracle Man Tent at the Mullum Market yesterday were down by 73% which on an annualised projection basis lands me in deep pooh.
"The Godless Freak Carnival must be crushed asunder or else a plague will  sweep the land and my bookie will  break my legs."
"What's he talking about?" asked mother who was looking pretty confused.
"No idea," I said.
"Haven't a clue," said father, as he no doubt pondered how to spend his half share of the whole sale of the half human sort of half brother while I pondered how to spend my 1 half of the 2 shares of the 3 headed 4mer brother.
We peered through the front curtains at the angry mob carrying burning torches and a lynching noose.
"Now I know what they mean by that old expression," I said.
"What's that, Neilikins?" asked mother.
"No noose is good noose."
"Ah. Even in a life threatening crisis situation, my little Witikins is courageously effervescent," glowed mother with understandable pride.
A rock came crashing through the front window.
"Warren," said mother to father, "I know you've bravely and with some dedication turned your back on some of the more base aspects of manliness, but I think as man of the house, you should go out and soothe that seething mob while Neil and I hide under a sturdy table."
"Great idea, Mumsikins," I said encouragingly. "Where's the Scrabble board?"

"Gee. You know how I like a game of Scrabble," lied father, who thought you needed the word 'three' to get a triple-word score.
"If you don't go out there this minute Warren Dobbs," threatened mother, "there'll be no 'Bananas In Pajamas' for a whole month."
"Aw geez," moaned father as he went to the front door.
As father opened the door, the mob went silent. Then they all started crying and moaning  and screaming and vomitting.
"Oh no," they cried. "The cunning godless blighter has unleashed one of his freaks. Oh mercy on our souls. This is inhuman."
The mob broke up, but not before I'd made a second killing selling spew bags.


24

Over breakfast, mother suggested that seeing as how that "wacky old lynch mob" had woken us up so early, we should have a "quality-time, bonding, yet fun -filled family  day together".
"I will even forego my churchie chores. I'm sure Mrs Cavendish won't mind putting the collection plates in the dishwasher.
"Speaking of matters up-lifting, I'm afraid Neil that I have been a little tardy with your spiritual education. To make amends, lets all of us spend the day at Pacific Fair shopping centre."
"Well I don't know about that," said father.
"Your loyalty to Mallam's Supermarket is highly commendable," said mother. "But after all, you can't buy a border collie puppy or a lacie bra at the supermarket."
"Well," replied father. "I was thinking I probably need a bra but I don't know about the border collie puppy."
"Do my boys need any spending money?" asked mother.
"Ah. We're pretty flush at the moment," we replied.
Father drove us up in the hearse.
I was a bit tuckered out from the early rising, so on the way up, I slept in the coffin in the back of the hearse.
It was a bit of a squeeze, but the compensation was, being a hot day, the corpse was nice and cold.
But every time we went around a bend its left arm would flop around my neck in a sort of stranglehold or maybe you could call it a deathlock.
I guess I shouldn't complain. He was there first.
The car park was really crowded but father, as usual, parked right on the door step. He reckons the handicapped parking spots are such a great idea he can't understand why other people don't use them.
As we left the car park, we stopped to look in the pet shop window. When we saw the border collie puppies we said, with great originality and unique insight, "Oooh. Aren't they cute."
Being small town folk, we got sore necks from craning them on this, one of our rare visits to the big smoke. But for all our gawking, we found no small change at all.
We also got lost.
Eventually we came to a clearing which opened on to a moat type thing.
And there before our very eyes was a shoal of synchronised swimmers paddle-prancing merrily in the water to their little hearts' content.
"Run run," yelled father. "Pirahnas."
"No,no," calmed mother. "It's just their cheery grins."
Father then opened his cut lunch. He broke up the cheese roll into small pieces and started throwing it to the synchronised swimmers. When they didn't start scurrying around squawking and fighting over the roll, father began to take careful aim and throw the pieces  through the grins and straight down their throats.
When the swimmers all started coughing up bits of bread roll, a security guard moved us on.
"Must be sandwich people," said father. "You're either one or the other."
On our trek back to the real shoppy bit, we came across a shallow pond. There were coins on the bottom.
Father stripped to his undies which fortunately weren't too heavily soiled (or I would have been embarrassed) and dived in to fetch the coins.
A security guard moved us on.
We then went into a multi-layered shop with moving stairs which have a really cool name. I asked the woman at the information desk, and she said they were called 'school-haters'.

Then we walked through a really weird place where they crop-dusted you with perfume. On each side were oxygen masks and gurneys for the people who fainted from the smell of the aerial spray.
But I was able to try out some new nail polish for our next sleepover.
Among the couple of hundred people we bumped into from Mullumbimby was Charity Townsend from the Polite Towns Committee. She suggested shouldn't father see a doctor given how wet his pants were around the undies region.
"It's the excitement of a big day out Mrs Townsend," I said. I had to lie. Otherwise she'd be stripped to her undies and diving for our coin booty. And with her mouth it was better to tell her that because anything you say will be all over town in twenty-four hours.
"Not a problem Mrs Townsend," said father picking up on my cue and, shuffling on the spot, added, "It's the Number Twos that's really uncomfortable."
We went back to the crop dusting and nail painting place so mother could try out some more of the hair sprays.
While father and I were waiting, an announcement on the public address system said a 'Makeup Makeover Competition' was about to be held and would volunteers who wanted to be made up please come forward.
"Quick Neillie, I've got an idea," shouted father.
We ran to the car park, got the corpse out of the coffin and placed it on the wheelchair father keeps in the back for the handicapped parking spots.
As we wheeled the corpse back to the make-up department, father explained: "This way I'll be able to get someone else to do the embalming. For free. And I'll be able to sleep in tomorrow morning."
Sometimes father almost earns my respect.
When we entered the corpse in the make-up competition, they wanted to know its name.
"Martin Hammersly," I concocted.
Father bent over and had a close look at the corpse's face.
"Gee, you know Neil," said father. "When you think about it, he does look like a Martin Hammersly."
They caked so much make-up on Martin's face, he ended up looking more like a Martina.
Then the winner was announced.
"First prize goes to the cold, quiet crip in the sand-dune capable wheelchair."
The prize was two weeks share accomodation at 'Abseil World' and a large freezer unit.
"Gee Martin'll appreciate the freezer," said father.
"What's he going to do with a freezer?" I asked.
"Well, I thought it'd be cheap accomodation," explained father.
Mother returned and suggested we go to lunch. As we walked along, father and I were quietly gagging from the smell of mother's hairspray. Father turned to talk to mother and hit his head against her hair. The gash on his forehead bled for half an hour.
Mother stopped outside a Thai restaurant and said, "This menu looks quite exotic."
"How many times do I have to tell you girly," said father, "not to talk dirty  in front of what's-his-name?"
"You mean Neil."
"Well him," said father pointing at me.
I had been thinking it had been a while since we'd had quality father-son time.
"How about the Japanese restaurant then?" suggested mother.
"I dunno," said father. "You know me grandfather was a prisoner during the war."
"I didn't know your grandfather was a prisoner of war," I said.
"Oh yeah," said father. "He did three years in Pentridge Prison in Melbourne for black marketeering."
With mine and father's votes carrying the day, we decided to eat at Hamburger Heaven because they had half price on the five litre cardboard buckets of Lime Fizzo.
Father said he was so proud of the victory in the Makeover contest that Martin could ride up front on the way home to Mullumbimby.
There was a bit of an argument, but Martin eventually got the window seat so mother had to sit in the middle.
I suspected father was sucking up to Martin to share the abseiling holiday, but I didn't say anything because I got the coffin all to myself.
When we got home, I suggested to father that perhaps he'd like to spend his sunday evening having some quality father-son time.
"Don't be silly Neil," he said. "You know my father lives in Melbourne."
"I mean you and I papa."
"Great idea. I'll get the tv guide."
"You don't think we could just sit and talk?"
"Well Neil, that's not a very blokey thing to do you know. I've been a bit concerned about you since that sleepover."
"A father and son shouldn't talk?"
"Geez, I'm a duffer," said father nudging me with a wink. "You want the  talk. Hey mother," he shouted toward the kitchen, "Neillie's finally wanting to hear about the birds and the bees. We always said he was a late starter."
"Don't mock the poor boy," said mother in my defence. "I think it's delightful to see a boy so blissfully ignorant at such a late age. Heaven help us if he was one of those 'cool dudes'. Isn't that right Neil?"
I turned on the tv and said, "'Home Improvement's' just starting. It's the one with the bloke bathroom."
"Ripper," said father.



25

Pictures of a Cool School or
A Day in Learn Land

I must, dear reader, record in some detail, school life during the reign of Principal Jackson Colt.
As we alight from our stretch limos driven by elderly albino pygmy chauffers who have retired from the racing game, we are greeted by three wise men bearing myrrh and frankincense.
After walking all the way across the footpath, we are given a much needed foot massage by one of Jackson's wife Cheryl's twenty-three Filipino sisters. Manicure is optional for all. Shave is optional for boys and also for the daughters of banana growers.
We then run the gauntlet of vending machines dispensing free lollies from the four corners of Gunk Inc., sweets purveyors to the world. We stuff ourselves with calorific treats every morning. This is why we need stretch limos. We have become stretch children.
We then come to a cage wherein are held teachers guilty of disrespectful behaviour. Beside the cage is pile of  fruit almost rotten enough to be made into pickles for the local fruit stalls. This we throw at the teachers. After a while, the pile of fruit ends up inside the cage.
And now to lessons. My very own cool curriculum, individually tailored to suit my quirky tastes and precocious abilities, including the following uplifting subjects: Pepsi-Coke:Telling the Difference - A Practical Approach; Make Your Remote Work for You; The Development of Positive Male Behaviours (And Isn't That All Of Them?) - also known as 'Releasing the Boy Within' or 'Little Boys Who Run With Wolves'.
To top it all off, my very own papa was teaching a special course called 'Embalming Your Pet - Dead Or Alive'. After the first class the kids were really confused. They couldn't tell whether father was dead or alive or if it referred to the pets.
We will now visit some of the cool remedial common sense classes. First we have 'The Step-By-Step Guide to Walking'. Then we have 'Farting Made Easy' and its companion course 'Farting Made Safe' which is for kids who shit in bed because they can't tell the difference (at least before it come out). Those kids who can't tell the difference after it comes out have been sent away to train to become real estate agents.
Let us take a well earned break from our travels through cool school and take a peek at The Development of  Positive Males Behaviours class.
Mervyn Cooch has just been released from several days in the cage wherein he had electrodes attached to various appendages. The boys who had suffered his barbecue aversion therapy took great delight in cranking a handle which sent an electric shock through Mr Cooch's sticking-out and dangly bits. In fact, the townsfolk were curious as to why so many boys were showing rapid development of their biceps. Some thought the boys had been sneaking away at lunch time to play the pokies.
Coochie-Coo, as the boys now call him, is addressing the class:
"I do appreciate the kind assistance you boys provided while I was in the cage. I now see things from a more enlightened position.
"When I look at you, I see nothing but the wondrous potential of maleness. I see your first Apprehended Violence Orders as public recognition of your gaining manhood. I see the family intimacy of every second weekend with your children as you mature.
"Ah, what lies ahead: The macho excitement of job loss, career scrapheap and financial ruin in middle age. And not to forget, in your autumn years, the male bonding to be found in prostate cancer support groups."
We now leave this class of beaming, bolt upright schoolboys, finally being encouraged to take a positive view of their male potential.
We must now run our second gauntlet, for with such an academically rigid curriculum, major corporations from first world countries like Hong Kong and Korea are eager to recruit staff from Cool School students.
Let us rest and recreate! For according to Jackson Colt's 'Little Book of Wisdom': "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy." Not only is J.C. one cool dude, but God he has an orginal mind.
Onward to Jackson's park de resistance - a theme park that makes your realise all other theme parks have missed the boat: 'Real World'.
Let us play for a while in Real World, where the most popular attraction is 'Road Rage'. We are about to park the late model cool car of our choice, when some boofhead in a Datsun cuts in and steals our spot. To deal with such out-and-out nastiness and villiany, a banned automatic style military weapon (unfortunately loaded with blanks) lies on the passenger seat. Such fun we have.
 Next, to the bank where we stand in queue to pay our credit card instalment and, as always in Real World, the stranger behind us taps politely on one's shoulder and says,"Excuse me, I couldn't but help notice that $3,500 due on your Teensters Credit Card. I just happen to have said amount burning a hole in my pocket. If it's not too much of an imposition......"
Finally, before we leave Real World, we visit the supermarket, where, with our trolley loaded with 200 items, we head for the 8 items or less check-out and the check-out person says,"Only a little over the limit. She'll be right. Have a nice day."
But surely the greatest achievment of  Cool School is the screening, twenty-four hours a day in the school auditorium, of Warners Bros cartoons. Here we gather to honour the great artists of our century: Avery, Clampett, Freling, Jones and McKimson. How these men could make a tune looney and a melody merrie. Our laughter is positively hare-raising.
And now we must say our teary good-byes to Cool School, for our journey has ended.
But hark! What sorry sight beholds us at school's entrance? A sign has been erected. It reads:Site for Proposed Bargain Channel Sales Centre.
When I say "it reads", I really mean "I read". Because a sign can't really read. I mean it doesn't have eyes, so how can it? So what I should really say is "it writtens (on)" but that doesn't read too well. But then it can't read at all because it's only a few words on a page. But then again......well I was standing pretty close to Duncan when Clarrie placed the verbal curse on him.


26


When I got home, mother and papa were (once again) waiting to greet me.
"Wonderful news Neilikins," said mother. "You have a new brother."
"Gee whiz, mamakins. And to think I didn't even notice you swelling up in the tum-tum region."
"No Neil," she explained. "We won a homeless kiddie in a street raffle. Come and meet your new brother, Eric."
Eric was sitting at the kitchen eating a bowl of cold porridge with a large wooden spoon. It was dripping from his chin.
He was wearing a large baggy cap and had huge eyes like the kids in Brazilian paintings.
"What dat dere?" he said, pointing at my school bag.
"Dat dere a mobile phone," explained father.
A tear rolled down Eric's cheek.
"Oooh," cooed mother. "Poor little Eric's never seen a mobile before. How about, to make him feel at home, you give little Eric your mobile."
"Certainly mother. I was about to suggest it myself," I said, trying not to choke on my words.
"What dat dere?" Eric asked, pointing into the lounge.
"Dat dere a remote control," said father.
A tear rolled down Eric's other cheek.
"Oooh," swooned mother. "He's never known the responsibility of the remote. Neil, you've been bearing the burden of remote controlling for some years now. I want Eric to take on his share of the chores around the house, so from now on he'll be our little remote man."
"Of course mother. A spiffling idea," I said through clenched teeth.
"You mean I can watch anything?"
"Yes Eric," said mother.
"Even documentaries about worms?"
"Of course, Eric."
"And those programmes about how to avoid bowel cancer?"
"Anything you please."
"And those weekend arts shows so we won't have to watch all that stupid sport?"
Father and I looked at each other. We later went into a huddle.
When the sugar cane train passed through town that evening, I explained to Eric that if he hopped on board, it would take him to Lollie Land.
With a big grin on his face, he waved until the train was out of sight.
A few days later, when mother noticed him missing, she asked where he was.
"Oh, he decided the travelling life was for him," I explained.
"Ah. The spirit of adventure is still alive."
That's more than you can say for Eric. A few months later, mother opened a bag of refined sugar and said,"Look. A baggy cap."
I was just glad she didn't buy one of the other bags.


27

After the emotional farewell to Eric at the railway station, (at least he was, and with hindsight I don't blame him), I went home to find a special high-falutin' guest for din-dins.
It was the regional manager of MacFunerals come to our 'umble abode to assess daddikins for promotion potential.
Duncan also came by to stick his snout in the trough that is our dinner table.
"Enjoying our little village, Stan?" asked mother with the triviality of all polite conversation.
"Look, you can call me Mr Pillips. But to answer your trivial but polite question, I was a bit concerned about that mob with burning crosses."
"Nothing to worry about, Mr Phillips," said mother. "That's just Clarrie Hibble with his hysterical, superstitious, peasant followers. They mostly just want to improve their lot in life. They aspire to be white trash you know. So clutching at straws gives them a firm foundation to build sorely needed confidence. Besides, they operate on a commission per recruitment basis."
"And who's this Clarrie Hibble?" asked Mr Phillips.




"Just some Miracle Man," shrugged Duncan. "Pope's flying out to Mullumbimby in a few days to beatify him."
"Snotty old codger could do with a bit of beautifying," snorted father.
"That's the first step to canonisation," said mother.
"Isn't that the operation where a bloke can add a couple of inches to his old fella?" asked father. "I thought Clarrie'd be past caring."
"I can see you keep abreast of religious affairs," said Mr Phillips with admirally restrained sarcasm.
"Hey. Mind your language," said father. "There's a couple of youngsters at the table."
"So tell me Warren," said Stan, getting all  old pals. "Why should I give you a promotion?"
"Don't tell me. Don't tell me," said father, getting all excited like he had to go to the toilet. "I know the answer. It's just slipped me mind. I'll remember in a minny or two. I will. I know......no, it's gone. Give us a clue. Just a little one. Sounds like. Starts with the letter.....That's all. I'll get it. It'll come. Promise.
"Nuh. Guess me time's up. What's the answer?"
"Can we play? Huh?" asked Duncan and I, getting caught up in the excitement.
"Well I guess so," said Mr Phillips.
"What was the question again?" we asked.
"Why should I give Mr Dobbs a promotion?"
Duncan and I looked at each other.
"It's not a trick question?" asked Duncan suspiciously.
"How about starting with an easy question?" I asked.
There was silence while mother went to get a pencil and paper to keep score.
There was more silence as we sat and scratched our heads.
Mr Phillips started yawning.
Then he excused himself.
 He said he was going to the toilet, but we never saw him again.
"Some people are just bad losers," said father.
"Yeah. We sure showed him," said Duncan. "No answer. The bugger had to leave empty-handed."

28

As I pedalled round town next morning delivering newspapers to the news-hungry, eager-to-be-informed citizens of Mullumbimby, I couldn't help but notice (not being blind, comatosed or otherwise totally out of it) that signs had appeared all over town. They had written on them: 'Site for Proposed Bargain Channel Sales Centre' and 'Mullumbimby Welcomes (Sucks Up To Actually) International Media Magnates'.
Well not just any old international media magnate, but specifically that czar of digital satellite tv, Walter Burton, who, like the Pope, just happened to be visiting the cute little hamlet of Mullumbimby.
The whole town was wondering - would Jackson Colt grant an audience to the Pope?
Walter Burton was coming to assess Mullumbimby's bid for the sales channel. He'd just had a look at the bid by the leper colony in Calcutta so the thinking was we'd have to go pretty third world to have any sort of chance.
I saw old Aunty Alice on her front verandah and threw her a rolled-up newspaper. It hit her in the face.
"Thanks Neil. You know how hard I find it to stoop down and pick up the paper," said a grateful Aunty Alice as she tried to stem the blood flowing from her broken nose.
"Do you have time for a chat?" she asked.
"Well I still have 150 papers to deliver. I'm running late because of a flat tyre. I still haven't had breakfast or done last night's homework."
"Pull up that chair over there," she beckoned.
I sat as instructed.
"What do you think Neil of the bid to turn Mullumbimby into the Bargain Channel sales centre?"
"Triffic, Aunty Alice."
"But the plan is nobody'll be paid for working at the centre."
"But we've got to compete against the lepers in Calcutta. Beside, we'll get a fifty per cent discount on the crap that's so crappy even they can't sell it."
"How much do you know about the history of this pleasant little town?"
"We had a really wild thunderstorm last week."
"Before that."
"Let me think.....nothing really. I might've once but I can't remember. Or at least I think I can't remember. But if I could remember, I would know wouldn't I? On the other hand....."
"Are you all right Neil?"
"Yeah. Just this curse thing that's been going around."
"Have a cuppa while I tell you some history."
"Why not a whole pot?" I said as I looked at my watch.
"Mullumbimby used to be one of the great manufacturing centres of the world. School children around the globe used to be taught about Manchester, Detroit, the Ruhr Valley and Mullumbimby."
"But surely you jest," I exclaimed all aghast. "This is but a 'umble 'amlet, a rustic rural retreat."
"It is now," said Aunty Alice shaking her head.
"But what happened? Whatever did happen?"
"A plague of madness swept the town and people ran around frothing from the mouth, their eyes rolling and, just as now, they were speaking in gobbledegook, which when translated was 'why make things when you can import them?'"
"Pretty cool, huh?" I suggested.
"Except for one thing."
"What's that Aunty Alice?"
"How do you earn the money to buy the things?"
Another dastardly trick question! I should introduce Aunty Alice to Stan Phillips (assuming someone could find him of course).



29

I arrived late for school assembly. Mervyn Cooch was at the microphone.
"Late again Dobbs?" he said.
"What's it to you Coochie-Coo?" I sneared.
"You haven't noticed anything different Dobbs?"
"Nup." I replied with witty articulateness.
"Well let's back up a little. After all, you are a Dobbs. Why are you late Dobbs?"
"Not my fault. The grovelling albino pygmy chauffer didn't show up."
"And did you notice anything else had changed?"
"Well, come to think of it, every single laid on amenity of Cool School has vanished."
"And what do make of that?"
"It's no longer Cool School and I'm in deep doo-doos, Mr Cooch, sir?"
I was beginning to think that something a bit more persuasive than grovelling might be needed to handle the situation. I had done my morning check of the tidal wave warnings on the Internet, but like most days the results were disappointing.
"Would you like to guess who's in charge of this school now Dobbs?"
"C-C-Cedric?"
"No Dobbs. He's back as principal. I'm running the show now. I'm vice-principal - the right hand of God - and I've got the brutish disposition to prove it."
"Whaa, whaa," I cried. "I want my cool school."
Six hundred students echoed my bleat with moving dignity: "Whaa, whaa. We want our cool school."
Jackson Colt sauntered out to the microphone. He held up his arms to quieten us.
"Cheer up my chickadees," encouraged Jackson. "You must realise you aren't worthy of something as cool as Cool School, given what a pack of nerds you are."
"Well we guess you've got a point there," we said, brightening up immediately.
"Also, my public relations company's focus group and quantitative surveys found that being an authority figure like a school principal clashed with my cool rebel image. So what could I do?"
We were getting all teary. Trust Jackson Colt to take the high moral ground when confronted by such an agonising ethical dilemma.
"Besides," he continued, "the superannuation provisions I was able to negotiate in my contract were somewhat generous, so after three days in the job, I don't have to work another day in  my life. You might notice a rise in the prices at the tuck shop."
Jackson used some of his money to buy Cheryl's twenty-three sisters so we didn't begrudge him the price rises. But the school did have to enlarge the classrooms so the sisters could all fit in at Jackson's foot massage time.
Jackson's speechifying had diverted attention from my little run-in with Mr Cooch, sir. Some days you win 'em all.
"Have you seen the new time-table?" asked Duncan.
"What's first up?" I whistled. "Today's my day Dunkie boy."
"The Elimination of Negative Male Behaviours (And Isn't That All of Them?) with Mervyn Cooch, sir. What's the matter Neil? You've gone all sort of green."
As we filed into Mr Cooch's class, he measured each of us around the bicep bit of the arm.
"Very impressive," he said when we were all seated. "I see you boys have been working out."
"Us? Never. Whatever do you mean?" we squirmed.
"No one recollects cranking voltage into my dangly bits? I was there too you know."
"But sir," braved Duncan. "Isn't torturing someone an example of releasing the feminine within?"
This was greeted with silence. We were about as impressed as was Mr Cooch, sir.
"But sir," persisted Duncan. "We would have stopped if you had only allowed yourself some girly squealing and sobbing."
"Is that so?" said Mr Cooch, sir.
"Oh yes, yes, yes Mr Cooch , sir. Can't you see we were merely trying to raise you to our heightened state of feminine awareness. Every crank of  the handle was an act of caring compassion."
A tear rolled down Mr Cooch, sir's cheek. (Maybe he was related to the ex-Eric.)
"Oh how I've misjudged my boys," wept Coochie-Coo as we now called him again. I mean, how can you respect a weeper?
We wrote away to the Nobel Prize Committee and asked for a nomination form for the Peace Prize for Duncan. They never wrote back.



We only had two more Elimination of Negative Male Behaviour classes. Then, because our fragile boysie egoes were so shattered, we had six sessions of self esteem counselling.
As part of this course, I took the Employment Equivalency Test which showed that my being employed on any given job would be equivalent to having three workers away sick.
I took the results so badly, I was put down to the remedial self esteem class. But nobody ever turns up because none of us like to impose on other people.


30

Fortunately, we Dobbs's are considered such dorks that father's embalming class survived the conversion back from cool school to nerd school.
Duncan, Joanna and I decided to skip the annual Mullumbimby school debate and instead sit up back and watch father teach the little kids about embalming. (The debate topic was:'Pyramids or Crystals - What's In It for Me?' but we aren't that interested in politics.)
Father began by opening a sopping wet sack and pulling out the decomposing body of a dead labrador.
"This is one of the ones I found floating in the fishing spot. You know, I reckon all those dog corpses give the fish that extra something, that special flavour you just don't get in frozen fish. Pass that tip,on to your mums over dinner tonight."
Father picked up the rotting corpse off the floor and slapped it down on the table. Rotting body bits sprayed all over the room. Kids were wiping it out of their eyes and mouths. The bits that dried in our hair were stuck there for weeks.
"All that talk about fish reminds me I haven't had lunch," said father as he spat out a little lab slab.
Father took his sandwiches out of a brown paper bag and placed them on the table next to the corpse.
He munched away quietly for a moment, then exclaimed, "Hey. Who's pinched me sangers?"


When he realised they were still there he said, "What a duffer. Me sangers were just covered by flies."
He picked one up and as he bit into it the flies made a crunching sound.
When father had finished his protein rich lunch he gave us his verbal fact sheet on home embalming.
"Now you probably think you have to be super smart and extra educated to do the sort of work I do."
"Why Mr Dobbs," said one of the Donaldson twins. "Only last week my father described you as 'the intellectual toast of Mullumbimby'."
"That's not true," interrupted her sister. "He said 'ineffectual oaf'."
"Well I was nearly right."
"But," continued father, "anyone can have a fun family day embalming their favourite pet in the privacy of their own home. Look how."
Father opened the mouth of the deceased lab and maggots tumbled out all over the place.
"See," he said. "You could do this in your own lounge room."
A kid in the front row asked for father's empty lunch bag, then threw up in it.
"Hee, hee," said father. "You kids are really hip to that groovy recycling trip."
We waited in silence until father stopped laughing at his own joke.
"Now where were we?" said father as he scooped up a handful of maggots and put them in his pocket. "The ordinary kitchen cupboard is chokers with potential embalming fluids. My favourite concoction is one part vinegar, one part bleach and one part muscle linament."
Father took a swig out of the bottle.
"Yep. Just the trick."
Father poured the home made embalming fluid down the dog's throat. It ran right through the dog and came out it's rear end where father collected it in a bucket. He then poured it back into the bottle and took another swig.

"Even better. Gives it bit of body. Now that our rotting corpse smells like roses, we raid big sister's make-up kit. Bit of lippy here, mascara there. Make sure you put them back. And old Fido is fit for viewing by royalty."
There was a polite round of applause.
"Any questions?"


"Would it be possible, Mr Dobbs,"  asked one of the boys, "to embalm someone, like say a sister, while they were asleep?"
"Sure thing. That's how I learnt."
"Have any of your corpses ever risen from the grave?"
"Only the once. I advise you all not to try mixing yeast in with the embalming fluid."
"Have you ever buried someone while they were still alive?"
"I can't really talk about that. Those incidents are subject to legal proceedings. You know how it is."
The children muttered knowingly in agreement. Most were involved in some form of litigation. The school encourages it as part of the 'life skills' program.
"Because you've been such good boys and girls, I'm going to give you each a souvenir to take home to your mummies."
Father whipped out a Bargain Channel cabbage dicer and chomped enthusiastically away at the corpse.
 The kids queued up and each in turn held out their hand to be given a fitting memento of father's little lecture.
Father said later that he wished he could see the looks on the mothers' faces when their kiddies came home with a small gift courtesy of Warren Dobbs.


31

That night, the whole town turned out for a performance by Leonard Loop, the mad concert pianist.
He didn't manage to hit the keyboard once but we really enjoyed the conversation he had with himself while he played.
After a while, Lenny gave up trying to play the piano and started playing with himself instead. The review in the next morning's paper praised Lenny for "transcending the limitations of traditional music performance to engage in performance art of heroically primitive physicality".


Tragically, Lenny died a few days later when he dribbled all over his brand new electric piano. Which was a shame, because Duncan and I were thinking of booking him for our next Freak Show at the markets.


32

The next day was Mullumbimby's day of days. Or at least that week's day of days. I mean, one day last week the Academy Awards were presented at the Civic Centre and the United Nations General Assembly met in the Pioneer Hall. That's the kind of town it is.
So we were pretty blase about Walter Burton coming to assess our sales centre bid and the Pope coming to daub spooky-dookness on Clarrie Hibble.
The preparations to greet the Pope at Coolangatta airport were causing some problems because the eighty per cent of the town's population who have some incurable disability or grotesque affliction wanted to be in the front row in case the Pope was carrying a few spare miracles.
It was finally decided that all the kiddies in wheelchairs could go up front.
That way, if the plane crashed, the wheelchairs would act as a safety barrier for the adults behind.
The town was united in how we should greet squillionaire media magnate, Walter Burton. After all, when you're competing against a leper colony in Calcutta, there's only one way to go.
Mullumbimby was going third world. This had majority support because it was considered the option which would have the least impact on the town.
Our community minded school was active in the preparations. All us kids took our clothes off and rolled around in the dust and dirt then put on disposable nappies. With begging bowls in our laps, we sat cross-legged in the gutters and wailed and moaned.
As Walter Burton drove past us, he looked pleased as punch to see the level to which the level playing field had dragged us down.
We hid our smiles as we already imagined ourselves working in the Bargain Channel sales centre. All that discount crap!
In a brilliant masterstroke, the welcoming committee had arranged for a kombi of ferals to pretend they were the town dignitaries and leading business people.
When Mr Burton was seated on the official platform, a feral called Bonghead introduced himself as mayor.
Bonghead read a speech which had been written by the committee: "Der...welcome...Mr...Bumpton...You...see...before...you...a...pliant...and...malleable...workforce...Sorry about the the big words Mr Bunting. Are you keeping up?...eager...to...dob...each...other...in...to...curry...favour...with...the...boss. There's...nothing...they...would...not...do...to each...other...to...suck...up.
"But...Mr...Bumstead...best...of...all...you...see...before...you...a...workforce...which...realises...it...can...not...be...inter...nationally...competitive...if...it...has...unrealistic...expectations...like...being...paid...wages." (Bonghead pronounced this as 'waggers'. It became a popular name about town for new born puppies.)
Mr Burton looked like he was about to choke with the emotion of it all when Clarrie Hibble and his followers marched up Burringbar St carrying a large effigy of - Walter Burton.
They were also carrying a placard which had written on it:'No Faustian Bargain Channel for Mullumbimby'. We assumed this was just some spoil-sport-party-pooper attack on our cheery crass materialism.
Then we saw the other placard:'We Want Clarrie's Wackiest Home Miracles Channel for Mullumbimby'.
Wow! we thought, Mullumbimby'd be a natural for a home miracles channel. They're a dime a dozen around here.
And being crass materialists, we all knew there was more money in God television than bargain crap television even if it wasn't as spiritually rewarding.
Clarrie's followers set fire to the effigy outside The Pesky, Interfering, Busybody Christians Non-Satanic Video and CD Shop.
The effigy toppled over and set fire to the shop. The fire brigade waited until the shop was well ablaze and then wandered around with a watering can. They were later widely praised for their lack of effort.
Walter Burton was so overwhelmed with the under-performance of the fire brigade (the Peskys had been trying to close his 'Erotic Nights' pay channel) that he said yes, Mullumbimby would be the new centre for The Wackiest Home Miracles Channel.


"I'm so impressed," he said, "with the perky resolve of you Mullumbimbyites, I'll even pay for a specialist doctor to examine all those youths wearing disposable nappies."
We then all rushed home and changed our clothes and came back to catch charter buses to take us up to Coolangatta Airport to greet the Pope.
As the papal plane circled the airport, the Pope looked out the window at the entire population of Mullumbimby dressed up in their very bestest sunday clothes.
He was later reported to have looked out his window and said: "I have seen some third world degradation and squalor in my time, but this sight is positively inhuman. Take me back to the Vatican. Besides, there's some poor pathetic looking geek wearing a yellow safari jacket and it will clash with my white robes."
When father read this in the paper, he said, "Shame about that. But my beige safari jacket was in at the dry cleaners."

