MY DAD IS A SECRET AGENT
by James Comins

Published on Smashwords
Copyright 2014 James Comins

Cover image public domain by Karen Arnold and 4vector

Thank you for downloading this eBook. This book is the sole property of the author. It may be excerpted or reproduced for non-commercial purposes. Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead, places, events or locales is purely coincidental. 


Table of Contents

One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Epilogue
Acknowlogies and Apoledgements
About the Author


Part I


Chapter One

It started like this. I was in bio class at Edward Teller Middle School when Mr. Stackpole got a call on the chunky wall phone and told me I'd been called down to the principal's office. I knew I hadn't done anything wrong, because I'm not that kind of kid. So what was going on? Had something happened to my brother, who was going weird? Or were my parents in the hospital? That's the kind of thing that honor roll kids like me get called down to the principal's office for.
I leaned my knapsack against the leg of my desk and hoofed it to the front hall.
Ahead of me, the principal's door was shut. Standing on tiptoe, I could see the bald fat head of Mr. Nickers as a pink smudge through the narrow frosted window. He's a lumpy crabby old man, but the guys I know who do get in trouble say he's usually fair and doesn't hand out too many detentions. Everyone has at least one friend who gets into trouble. I knocked.
"Come in."
I'm always afraid to open the principal's door, even if he says it's okay. There's never anything good in there.
"Ah, John," Mr. Nickers said.
"Johnny," I replied. That's my name. Not John, Johnny.
"Sit down, Johnny."
I sat. A Felix the Cat clock wagged its tail and eyes.
"Johnny, do you know what your dad does for a living?" the principal asked.
That was actually a tough question. My dad's an odd duck. I'm never really sure about him. Whenever I ask my dad how his day at work was, he checks the windows, looks over each shoulder, and says, "Who put you up to this?" like I'd done something wrong just by asking. Totally paranoid. He never tells me anything.
"Dunno," I said finally, swinging my legs under the chair in time with the clock. "Did something happen to him?"
Mr. Nickers rose and shut the door, glanced through the frosted window, and sat back down. The room was a few degrees colder than I like, and it smelled of stinky old man.
"Johnny, normally I wouldn't tell you this," the principal said, steepling his fingers on the desk beside a plastic pencil sharpener and a vase with a tuft of plastic flowers sticking out, "but your father's in a situation. I'm not really equipped to tell you about it, but there's someone I need you to meet. Rocketry thinks it's important."
Rocketry thinks it's important? What did that mean?
In back of Mr. Nickers' office was a steel cabinet, the flat kind they have in the school metal shop. It was pale textured green, with steel handles and a round lock and a red logo. Mr. Nickers took out a cylindrical key and unlocked it.
I was expecting stacks of paper, or maybe a tablet computer locked away so scrubby kids didn't steal it when the principal went to the bathroom, but there was nothing inside the cabinet at all. Instead, when the two squeaking green doors opened, I saw a low passageway leading to another room. A faint humming came from within, but you couldn't hear it until the doors were open.
"Follow me."
The principal ducked and stepped through the low portal. I followed.
Dark. Inside, a single triangle of light came through from the principal's office behind me. I stepped aside, so more light would come through. As my eyes adjusted, banks of really old computers revealed themselves; they were the source of the humming. Metal wheels like old movie cameras spun. Rolls of ticker tape spat out numbers, making chik-chik-chik sounds as the paper unrolled into huge white rats' nests on the floor. Panels of faint lights switched off and on in four plasticky colors. It looked like the bridge of Captain Kirk's old-fashioned Enterprise.
"Johnny, this facility was built in the seventies to be a training facility for the children of secret agents. We've been monitoring you and your classmates, looking for signs of exceptional skill in languages, physical abilities and, above all, the capacity for keeping secrets," the principal said.
"You've been monitoring me?" I replied, feeling cautiously excited. "Do I have exceptional skills?"
The children of secret agents--was my dad a spy? Were they really going to make me a spy, too? Is that what he was saying?
"No, you're at the bottom of your class, I'm afraid," said Mr. Nickers, digging through his keyring for a key to match a gray door on the far side of the room. "No, the problem is that your father's DNA is needed to unlock a whole host of secret information we need, and as I'm sure you know, your old man has no living blood relatives except you and your brother. Here it is." He held up a key and unlocked the gray door.
The gray door swung open.
Into the ticker-tape mess strode a black girl in a skintight, high-collared, bright white suit. She was dressed like a gangster and an astronaut put together, a gangstronaut I guess, like a video game sci-fi character. I realized I knew her; her name was Jericha White, and she was always the smart one in class. She'd vanished at the end of seventh grade. I thought she had moved away, but here she was.
"You were asking who the top of your class was," Mr. Nickers said. I really wasn't. I hate it when people put words in my mouth. "Allow me to introduce--"
"Jericha White, secret agent," she interrupted, stepping forward and offering her hand.
"Johnny Clue," I said politely, shaking her hand. I'm always way too polite. I rolled my eyes, because we totally kind of knew each other already, from seventh grade. We weren't friends or anything.
"We need you to show him around, get him up to speed," the principal told her. "Brief him on the work you've been doing. Show him the facilities, get him started on self-defense and the equipment, and tell him his father's situation. And introduce him to rocketry. You have one week to get him ready. After that we'll need to begin The Mission."
Rocketry?
Mr. Nickers turned and ducked back through his cabinet, shutting and locking it.
Now it was just me and this Jericha White girl, locked in a room full of computers. I thought about asking to go get my backpack, but decided not to worry about it. They seemed to take care of things here. My eyes adjusted to the dim room. The faint lights (rust red, tan, yellow and white) flicked on and off in pre-determined patterns.
"Follow me."
Jericha led the way through the gray door and beyond.
There was a metal staircase leading down. Looked like it hadn't been used since Nixon was president. Steel cylinders for handrails, dust built up in all the corners, and a metallic odor that made it seem like an abandoned elevator shaft. It was lit by a few incandescent bulbs. On the wall beside me was a big yellow radioactivity symbol. The school fallout shelter.
"This is just part of the cover," she told me. "They actually add the smell once a week, out of a test tube."
It did smell pretty raunchy in here, like the ripe stanky smell of the guy's bathroom plus the oily funk of the greasy vocational ed room.
At the bottom of the flights of stairs was a steel-handled door. An old layer of oil coated the doorknob.
 "Open that for me, would you?" she said. "I don't really want to touch it." She held up her clean hands at the end of white sleeves.
It was gooey. I turned the handle and pulled. Nothing happened.
"Push," she said, sounding annoyed.
I pushed. Inside was a broom closet. One of those yellow wheeled janitor's buckets had a mop sticking out.
"Why do they have a janitor's bucket down here? They'd have to carry it up the stairs to use it."
Jericha pulled out a sleek cellphone and dialed a four-digit combination. Behind the yellow bucket, the dusty back of the closet detached with a hydraulic sound and slid smoothly down into the floor. Bright bluish fluorescent light poured through. I wiped motor oil on my pants.
"C'mon."
She took my hand and stepped into the open doorway. I managed to snag my shoelace loop on the janitor's bucket and soaked my sock and shoe with dirty slopping water.
"You," said Jericha, "are hopeless." She unhooked my shoelace from the bucket. I felt like someone who had just stepped in dog doo that everyone else had noticed and stepped around. I feel that way most of the time, honestly.
We stepped through.
Banks of powerful lights lit up a space so big you could've hidden a hundred Space Shuttles inside. All the shadows were banished in here, total illumination. It was a Stanley Kubrick galaxy of white science machines purring like industrial kittens. Every surface was as sterile as a research hospital. There were a few people in white lab coats carrying beakers and clipboards and riding golf carts around the floor below us. Roombas spun, leaving even cleaner streaks across the already pristine floor. Neither the scientists nor the Roombas paid us any attention.
We were tiny, on a tiny platform overlooking a lab floor a hundred feet below. The middle school must be just a speck on top of this giant underground facility. I didn't remember any suspicious humming when I was in class, couldn't hear anything until the principal unlocked the cabinet door. But the machines above us were throbbing with . . . well, whatever they were doing. I didn't know.
So I asked: "What are these people even doing?" 
Jericha pressed a green arrow button on a control box strung off a yellow cable, sending us gradually down toward the floor. She turned to me and pinched my chin between a thumb and finger. "Don't. Ask. Questions," she said. I stuck my tongue out at her.
At the bottom, we pushed past a steel safety gate and out onto the laboratory floor. I tracked in splots of janitor water, and a team of attack Roombas emerged from nowhere to clean up after me until the floor was spotless again.
"Now look." She was talking under her breath as we walked. "All that stuff about training you up for the job? Don't get me wrong, you desperately need it. But we don't have time."
"We?" I said.
"You and I," she said, "are on a Mission. As of now. I don't want to wait a week to get handed some dumb Mission from the bosses up on high. This is my project. I needed a partner for this, but they told me I was too young for a real partner. Instead they handed me off to one old grouch guy after another, and told me I should learn from him. I," she said, "do not need to learn about spying from some creaky old geriatric named Oscar. Or Roscoe. Or Roscar," she added.
"Or Oscoe," I said.
"I said don't talk. So. You and I are partners, got it? Let's go somewhere and I'll tell you the situation."
Crossing the space, we found a white foyer with blue plastic chairs shaped like squashed kidney beans. A clear glass door slid closed behind me; we could see tech-looking people wandering past in white uniforms.
"This room isn't totally secure, but we can talk pretty freely here," she began.
"What exactly happened to my dad?" I asked.
"That's next. But first I need to tell you about what I'm working on."
I shrugged and let her talk. I didn't really have anything else going on. What was Mom going to say when she found out I was being inducted into this secret society of secret agents? She'll probably say, "That's nice, dear." That's what she usually says. I hoped someone put my backpack somewhere safe. My computer was in there.
"So you know Russia and China?" Jericha said.
"Yeah."
"It's a cover. They don't really exist. They never did. What really DOES exist is an organization called the Illuminus. They own about half the world. They even owned the United States presidency for awhile, until we broke their grip."
"We?" I said again.
She rolled her eyes. "We're the good guys. That's all you need to know. Everybody in the world is on one side or another, even if they don't know it. Our side works to protect the secrets of how the world works. Their side, the Illuminus, well, they also keep secrets. Hm. No, the point is, they want to control people's lives, whereas we try to prevent people from getting controlled. By the Illuminus."
"But isn't that just another way of controlling people?" I said.
Jericha scowled at me. "I can pinch you so hard that you die," she said. "Really."
"So where's my dad?"
"Oh, the case! So I've been tracking an enemy agent in Russia with a microscopic tracking device I put in her breakfast cereal with a robot drone shaped like a spider." She sat back in the blue plastic chair and crossed her arms smugly. "And she swallowed it whole. I made her swallow a spider." She looked really satisfied. I hate spiders.
"But I thought Russia didn't exist," I said.
"You're so stupid. You don't understand anything. Of course there's PEOPLE living on LAND in ASIA. Haven't you seen Google Maps? But there aren't any countries in Asia. Russia, China . . . they're just fronts for the Illuminus. The Illuminus own all the land and control all the people. Except our people. Anyway, the point is we're going to Russia. Not in person. Don't ask questions."
I didn't even try. I had my thing to focus on, she had hers.
"We're going to find my dad." I phrased it like a statement, decisive, declarative. "Partner," I added.
She smooshed her mouth to one side. "Yes. You need to change out of those clothes, and then you need to help me pilot the microbots. Your dad will turn up along the way, I'm sure. Come on."


Chapter Two

So here I was, wearing the guy version of Jericha's gangster space suit. It didn't feel right over my boxer shorts, it had a built-in . . . cup, but I wasn't about to go without underpants. The shirt part was tight around my shoulders, but maybe that means I'll grow into a wide-shouldered guy, like an MMA fighter. That would be cool. Normally I think of myself as a video game wimp, but I bet I could be tough if I had someone to defend.
I stood at an ergonomic stand-up computer station set in a shadowed alcove along the main wall of the lab, holding a black remote control that seemed pretty much the same as a video game controller. The whole place smelled like new computer.
"First we need to pick a destination for the rocket. It'll launch from one of our bases--it's only about as big as a model rocket--and it'll get into space undetected, drop the payload into the atmosphere above Illuminus territory, the outer shell burns away, and the microbots drop in on a filament. Then we get to pilot them. Ready?"
I said ready. Now I understood why rocketry was so important--it was how they launched their drone strikes or whatever they were called. Jericha zoomed over Asia with her joystick, zoomed in and in and in onto some girl's house in Moscow, and hit fire.
"How long will it take for the microbots to get there?" I asked.
"It takes an hour and twenty minutes, but we have to stay alert for space junk."
We stared at the screen while the rocket got up into the atmosphere. Once the screen had gone black and starmarked with the dark depths of outer space, we saw objects highlighted in red tumbling past. Jericha directed the rocket around discarded satellites, flecks of heat-resistant paint from the Space Shuttle and Sputnik, past pieces of asteroid and comet. I cheered her on as she swerved around them, and I pointed to tiny specks she didn't notice. The rocket's fins spun it like a pinwheel, and bursts of steam shot spirals as she adjusted the path.
Finally a sign above the monitor lit up with the words, "DESCENT IMMINENT." We breathed easier as the rocket split open and a mini-lunar lander dropped from inside.
"There's no way to change course now, so we can just wait," Jericha said.
In what felt like three seconds later, the lunar lander had burned away and two tiny spiders dropped out.
"See the filaments above them?" she said. "You can bend those to change direction."
I moved the analog stick with my thumb and found I could aim where I was going. The high-res screen showed the landscape of Russia zooming in quickly to Moscow, and then to some residential neighborhood. The wind above Moscow was gusty, and we both had to work pretty hard just to drop straight down near the right house. In the end my spiderbot landed in a compost heap, while Jericha landed on the roof. The filaments detached and floated away.
Jericha checked her cell phone. The screen showed a red dot on a grid of green lines. "She's home," she said. "Try to get inside without being noticed."
I worked out how to walk and jump with the controller. It really was just like a video game. The trigger button shot more sticky filaments, and with some practice, I found I could swing like Spiderman across short gaps.
"Don't jump or swing too much inside," Jericha said. "Remember: all it takes is one big mistake for her to spot us and figure out we're onto her."
I crawled up the side of the garage, found a wasp's nest in the eaves, and swung across, figuring the wasps probably had a way in. Wasps always do. From the garage window I had a better view of the house. Pale blue trimmed with white. It wasn't one of those big crazy mansions that Russian gangsters and ultra-businesspeople have. It was normal, about the size of my house.
"Who is this girl, anyways?" I asked, trying to maneuver into the crevice where the window slides up and down.
"This girl," said Jericha, "is the top of the class in the Illuminus training school."
"Oh, so you're jealous," I said.
A hand shot out and pinched my fingertip. For a second I thought I was going to die for real. Instead it just hurt really a lot.
"Don't ever accuse me of petty emotions," Jericha snapped.
"You tried to kill me!" I said.
She rolled her eyes. "If I was trying to kill you, you'd be dead already," she said. "And you'd never know it. No, anytime you say something that makes me REALLY ANGRY, I'll do something worse to you. And the last time? I will kill you. But I'll never tell you how close you are. And," she said, "I always keep my word. So watch out." She snapped her fingers, which scared me, and she pointed to the screen. "We're on a Mission. Get to work."
I managed to creep my spiderbot through the windowframe into the house. It was a plain house, untidy, with glaring abstract paintings on the walls. An easel was set up in the corner of the living room, with oil paints in tubes. It looked like nobody was home. I said so.
"Upstairs," Jericha hissed.
The spiderbot didn't seem to like climbing over carpet, so in the absence of people, I tried jumping my way over to the stairs.
"Hide at the bottom of the walls," Jericha told me.
I got to the baseboards and zigzagged along the side of the stairs to the top and made my way to the ceiling.
"Her room's on the left. Follow me."
Two spiders, one scurrying after the other. In a house in Russia. I shivered. What if they put guns on the spiders? Or poison? You could poison anyone in the world. In their breakfast cereal, like Jericha did.
The upstairs was full of handcarved boxwood sculptures displayed on old furniture. Jericha checked her cell phone and found the room we were looking for.
Under one last door.
There she was. The top of the class in the rival school. The valedictorian. The future top secret agent in Russia, or whatever.
Platinum blonde hair with a dyed neon green streak in the front. House slippers shaped like Winnie the Pooh. A blue fleece sweater and baggy pajama pants. A chunky black remote control with a built-in screen, almost exactly like ours.
"Isn't she awful?" said Jericha. "What do you think she's doing?"
"Piloting a microbot just like ours," I said with a sinking feeling.
We looked at each other and spun. Suddenly the alcove around us felt like it was writhing with worms and maggots. On my arms, around my ankles. Spiders, with their forelegs just about to touch me. I got itchies all over.
Jericha pulled out a mini-flashlight on a keychain and looked in the chamfered gray-white corners of the piloting station. We left our spiderbots in a dark corner of the Illuminus girl's house and stepped out of the alcove to search for signs of robugs.
The hallway was clear. The ceiling was clear. The baseboards . . .
There it was. I nudged Jericha and pointed as surreptitiously as I could.
A ladybug with a zap of electricity between its two antennae. On the floor, at the junction of the metal framing and some formica dividing walls. It was hiding on the baseboards the same way we had. The bot shifted back and forth uncomfortably with a barely audible "zzt" and tried to fly away, but Jericha sprang into the air, did a back flip, a cartwheel, jumped and landed on the ladybug with the heels of both boots. A sizzle of electricity. Pop. With two fingers she picked the mangled ladybugbot off her shoe and flicked it.
"How did she find me?" she asked.
"Maybe she located your signal?" I suggested.
"Maybe. Anyway, we've got the drop on her now."
We returned to the screen just in time to see the Illuminus girl squash both of our spiders, sending our screens to snow. The screens went sky blue and switched themselves off.
"Ooo, I'm going to GET her," said Jericha, pounding the console. "Drat. Well, that's over with. I might as well show you around. I'll tell you about your dad, too. Rocketry briefed me."
Rocketry briefed her?
Jericha led me down the wide floor of the lab, under huge tubes full of bubbling liquid, past technology I didn't understand. I felt like I was visiting a really cool exhibit in a science museum, the spy tech exhibit, although I still wasn't sure why they needed this huge space for nothing more than a handful of gigantic pipes running just beneath the ceiling, some empty rooms, and a few swoopy computer panels. We weren't holding hands or anything, obviously. That would be weird.
"Your dad," Jericha was saying, "got himself caught by the Illuminus last week. The agency tried to rescue him, but lately the Illuminus have been one step ahead of us, we don't know how."
"Is there, like, a traitor in your midst?" I said.
"Don't say 'midst,' " she replied. "Words like that make my skin crawl. Like 'kiln' and 'pleather.' We don't know how they're staying one step ahead of us. Could they have infiltrated us? I dunno, but don't go accusing anybody. Spies hate that."
"Maybe that's how they were able to infiltrate us," I said, thinking aloud. "Because nobody accuses anybody, because everyone's afraid of making each other mad. Everyone expects to be taken seriously, I bet. Maybe if they just started accusing each other--"
Jericha clapped her hands to my cheeks. "Stop. Just stop. Stop talking. Stop thinking. Stop being you so much. And walk faster."
We walked on, faster, into a lab full of test tubes and beakers.
"This is the poisons room. Don't breathe in too much. In fact, put this on." She took a couple of small gas masks off the wall and handed me one. I pulled the headband on over my ears. It made my eyes go googly and my breath get hot and my face go slimy with exhaled moisture.
"Kids aren't allowed to use poisons," she said, her voice sounding like it was coming through an old telephone. She led me through a grid of lab tables with sinks set in the middle of them, around eyewash stations and vent hoods. "But the grown-ups use them all the time. You can put someone to sleep any time you want, if you know how. But it's hard to put people to sleep. It's way easier to kill somebody. Try not to get killed by poison, if you can avoid it. Yours or anyone else's."
"I'll try not to," I said.
Jericha stopped just ahead of me, next to some graduated cylinders. She turned to look at me over her shoulder.
"Y'know, we didn't have to bring you down here," she said, looking down at the beakers and bunsen burners and walking her fingers along the table. Her brown eyes flicked back at me.
"What? To the poisons room?"
"To the facility. At all," she said. "Duh. We could have put you to sleep with one of these--" She picked up a nasty-looking syringe of blue liquid and pointed the needle-end at me. She even squirted a driblet of spray, like they do in movies, and flicked it. "Taken some of your blood with this--" She held up a butterfly-shaped blood-drawing needle with a clear spiral tube attached. "And used your blood to unlock all the information we need about your dad."
Smiling, she came right up to me with the two needles. I backed away, bumping into a table, and she leaned over me with them, as if she were going to stab me.
"We didn't NEED you at all," she said. "In fact, we STILL don't." And she stabbed me with the blue liquid syringe.

* * *

I blinked as I came to. The gas mask was gone, and my breath was weak. Everything was fuzzy. I couldn't move my arms. Or legs. I shifted and heard a rattle. I was chained to a table, wrists and ankles, looking straight up at the ceiling. All I had on were my boxer shorts. Luckily they were the kind that were closed in the front. All over my arms, legs and chest were sticky pads attached to wires. I tried to shout, "What's happening?" but my mouth felt like it was full of dental numbing stuff.
"Ha ha, just kidding," Jericha said. Beside her was someone I couldn't even have imagined.
She was a tall muscular Puerto Rican woman in a white lab coat. Dark swishy hair, a heavy jaw, and dark eyes with makeup. She looked like a movie star who was getting ready for a role as Miss Bodybuilder USA, like Jennifer Lopez or something. Under an open lab coat she was dressed in a different version of Jericha's white jumpsuit--the woman's had a black Dracula collar and a vertical red stripe down the front on one side, like the off-centered stripe detailing on a sports car. The woman looked ready and eager to snap people's bones with her bare hands.
"I do need you after all. I was lying. Oh, this is my mentor, Lucia Rocketry," said Jericha.
I couldn't manage to say "Hello, Ms. Rocketry" through my numb face, so I just gurgled politely.
Ms. Rocketry's voice was dark like her eyes. "Don't be afraid, young man. We're going to spend a few HOURS shooting MEGAVOLTS of electricity into your muscles."
"Do you want me to put you to sleep first?" Jericha said sweetly. "Before we shock you? I don't have to."
"Ddddn't yuuu sssy yyyyu wrrrn't alllwd to uuuse poison?" I murmured through my numb face. Looking at everything sideways makes things look way bigger and way taller than they really are.
"Lesson number one of being a secret agent?" Jericha snapped. "Keep. Your. Partner's. Secrets. Kay?" She grabbed my skin under my ribs and twisted.
"Mmmf!"
"Kay. This electricity is going to really hurt, so we're going to give you more blue stuff. The next time you wake up, you're going to look just like me!" said Jericha.
"Mmmmmf!"
I struggled. I didn't want to wind up looking like a girl.
She crossed her arms. "No, dummy, I mean you'll be athletic with awesome muscles."
I relaxed. I could deal with that.
"G'night!"
I felt a jab and a gooey feeling, and then--

* * *

"He's up!" Jericha announced.
I came fully awake and immediately groaned. My whole body felt like a wreck. All my muscles were twitching. I ached like I had just run two marathons. There was a buzzing sound I didn't like, which Ms. Rocketry switched off.
"Hurtz, donit?" said Jericha. "Don't worry. You'll feel great after a good night's sleep. C'mon."
I could hardly control my hands, which were shaking like piled Jello, so the two ladies peeled the sticky pads off me and unlocked my arms and legs. Jericha helped me down from the table. I felt my legs giving out--the process had really turned me to mush--so they each got an arm under my shoulders and I hobbled down a clinical linoleum hall to a bed. It was all kind of a blur. I remember lying facedown on a freezing pillow, which felt great against my flush, fiery face.
The next day I woke up in an unfamiliar bed in an futuristic electric ice blue room. The bed was narrow, and I could hug it all the way around. I felt hyper and ecstatic, like Mountain Dew super energy drink overload power ultra hyper go, and I didn't know why. The room was thin, like a cell in a space prison. Angular walls from an Alien movie were made of a material the color of the distant future. When my feet touched the floor, a bank of halogen lights came on slowly. A female robot voice came online.
"Welcome to your new home, Jonathan Clue, Jr. Your mother and brother have been alerted to your new status as Adjunct Agent in Training and will not be informed as to your whereabouts. Please do not attempt to contact them. Meetings will be arranged for you at secure locations."
I couldn't see Mom or Steve ever again without permission?
"Your training begins immediately after a brief cleansing and nutrient intake." Was that their futuristic way of saying a shower and breakfast?
The bed folded up into a slot in the wall, vanishing silently, as if it had never been there. I stood in my boxers, peering at the shut spaceship-bulkhead-door, and a blast of freezing water came at me from every direction at once, then vanished, just evaporated into thin air. It hadn't evaporated from me, though; I was still soaked. A second quick blast shot out of the walls. This time it was a foggy plume of freezing air that made all my hairs stand up on end and dried me off except for my boxers. My body shivered without any input from me. A blue metal drawer slid out of the wall with a new space gangster suit in it. When I took my boxers off to change, expecting a fresh pair, a laser vaporized them to dust. There wasn't a spare pair. That's right, the suit was designed to go on without underwear. I hated that.
A second drawer presented me with a glass of something green and nasty-tasting.
Ms. Rocketry stood outside the door when I emerged. I was still completely wired with frantic energy, and my body felt totally different, slim and powerful, but as I looked up into the frigid dark eyes of Lucia Rocketry, a weird feeling hit me. I was completely stripped of anything that connected me to the outside world. Even my old boxer shorts were gone. My dad was missing, I wasn't allowed to talk to my mom and brother, my room full of video games and posters was off-limits. . . .
I had nothing. I was a total prisoner. The only door to the outside world that I knew about was locked and led to the principal's office anyways.
Panic.
My eyes seemed to go funny. I saw the tall, powerful form of Lucia Rocketry in front of me, someone who had me chained to a table just a day ago, and I started running. I didn't know where I was going. There must be some way out of this crazy mad scientist's lair. I ran faster than I was ever able to before, thanks to these new electric-powered muscles. I even did a front flip, landed on my feet and kept running.
The word "Stop" was spoken directly into my ear. Jericha's voice. Against all my instincts I came to a stop, feeling like crying or screaming or exploding outward in every direction.
"Where do you think you're going?" Jericha said through a speaker in the tall collar of the suit.
I stuttered something meaningless and started running again. Terrified. Overwhelmed. I was captured. I was captured by crazy people. I didn't want to be a secret agent anymore. I just wanted to go home.
"Listen, partner. There's a bomb in your suit, and if you try to run away we'll blow you up. So come back and talk to me in person."
Again I screeched to a stop. I felt like stripping the suit off, but I was scared it'd blow up if I tried to. And if I did get it off, I'd be naked in front of girls.
Man, never has turning around and walking back been so humiliating. They had me. I had to do what they said. I did start crying a little. Okay, a lot. I felt broken.
The two stood side by side, waiting for me to trudge all the way back. They didn't move. They just stood there. Smiling.
"Good boy," said Jericha smugly.
I had enough presence of mind to stick my tongue out. I wiped at my eyes, even though I knew they could see me do it. My face felt hot.
Ms. Rocketry stood silently, watching Jericha and I.
"Here's how it works," said Jericha. "It's a human's natural response to struggle for survival, either by fighting or by running away. Fight or flight."
I nodded.
"So what you did was human. But acting human on a mission will give away secrets and get you killed. What secret agents are trained to be is superhuman. Superhumans have a whole bunch of choices other than fighting or running. Choices. For example, you can THINK. You can PLOT. You can TALK. You can PERSUADE. Understand?"
I felt so dumb now. I had to learn to suppress all these basic human instincts in order to be a secret agent. It made sense, but the lesson hurt so much. I wish they had a way of teaching these things without making me go through all the feelings.
"Yeah, I understand," I said, feeling pretty royal.
"Good. Whenever you want to run away, that's when I want you to stay. When you want to get violent, that's when I want you to get tricky. Trickiness is very important."
"Can you take the bomb out of my suit now?" I said, feeling another stupid tear leaking out of my face. I punched the tear away.
"There isn't a bomb. I was lying. Try to pay attention," said Jericha. "Now. Training."
Even though my muscles were moosh just last night, even though I was still sort of crying and feeling like something had snapped inside my gut, I was able to keep up with all the training they had planned for me. It was easy, really. We went into a huge mirrored room with red and blue gymnastics pads on the floor. Ms. Rocketry explained what the training would consist of: Flips, boxing lessons, judo, jujitsu and something called krav maga. Ms. Rocketry demonstrated a move, then Jericha and I tried to imitate it, usually on each other. She'd had much more practice, so when I tried a punch or a kick, I landed on my back a lot, and when she punched, it usually hit me. After the initial shock of having muscles and the ability to move my body in all these new ways, it started to be pretty fun. It was especially fun trying to punch Jericha for lying to me so much, although she blocked all of my punches.
At the end of a long day we sat on a bench, out of breath.
"Hey," I said. "Can I ask you a question?"
Jericha thought about it, but in the end said sure.
"You said you didn't need me, you could just take my blood."
"That's not a question."
"Why didn't you guys just do that? Why train me as a secret agent?" I said.
"That's two questions."
"Not really."
She poked me in the side through the plasticky skintight suit. "You," she said, "were really good in NORMAL classes. But you scored the ABSOLUTE WORST in spy-o-metrics. I mean, the WORST. You can't keep secrets, you're hopeless at plotting viciously against your classmates, and your natural athletic abilities are non-existent. So you're perfect."
"What?"
Jericha crossed her legs girl-style and leaned back against the wall.
"I'm the absolute best in our class at spy-o-metrics. I can plot, I can scheme, and I can keep secrets. When they finally told me I'd be allowed to pick a partner my own age, I told them to bring me the most pathetic BOY in the entire school. But not a creep or a loser. Just someone gullible and trusting. I like that in a boy. I told them I'd train whoever-it-is to be devious. Like me."
I poked her back, and she grabbed my finger and twisted it until I was bent over.
"Gullible and trusting," she said and wiggled my finger back and forth, then let go. I uncrumpled myself. "You have to stick with me, Johnny, because I'm going to make you feel REALLY BAD if you don't."
"Wait," I said, taking my finger back and rubbing it. "So is it just coincidence that my dad got captured at the same time you wanted a new partner?"
"Dude," Jericha said. "You really are slow, aren't you? Over HALF of all of our agents are captured at any given time. Didn't you notice your dad taking long surprise vacations when you were younger? Uh-huh? Captured and held at a secret location. We've got about a quarter of the Illuminus agents, too. We can't keep the prisoners at our base, because then the Illuminus would find out where our base is when they come to rescue them. But it also means there's a good chance of rescuing missing agents, too. They keep them places where no secrets'll be discovered if the prisoners get rescued, like the middle of forests, or in basements in other people's houses. You'd be surprised how many people don't notice that there's a second basement dug under their regular basement, with a tiny grate full of water between the two. They keep prisoners under manholes, too--inside fake walls in sewers. Smelly."
"Yuck."
"So we'll find him. They scan you for transmitters when you get captured, so that's out, but there's always clues. Johnny clues, you and I can call them."
"Please don't," I said. "I've heard every joke about my name."
"You know it's a fake name, right?" she said.
"It's not fake. It's my name," I said.
"Not on your birth certificate. They can't let us know our real names. Anyway. Bedtime."
She got up and walked away. I didn't like that a girl my own age was telling me when my bedtime was, or that my name was fake, which it totally wasn't. Nevertheless, I found my blue cell bedroom, had another terrible-tasting green drink and collapsed on the fold-down bed, asleep.
When I woke up, the door wasn't locked. I could have gone off exploring. I could have tried to escape. There wasn't a bomb in my suit or anything. Instead I decided to trust Jericha. She said she'd make me feel bad if I didn't stick with her, and she already knew about my dad and my grades and all kinds of stuff I didn't really want her to know. Trusting her was easier than trying to fight it. I went along with it, and her.
The next six days were pretty much alike. With my muscles all amped up, I didn't have much of a problem keeping up with martial arts practice, and pretty soon I was blocking Jericha's punches as often as she blocked mine. By the end of a week of sixteen-hour days of straight practice, it got so neither of us could land a kick on the other, although Ms. Rocketry could still kick both our butts. Every evening I was exhausted, and every morning I woke up with hyper-powered energy.


Chapter Three

Week two. After about ten hours of practice, Ms. Rocketry put away her sparring gloves and told us to follow her. After navigating a maze of halls, we came to an executive boardroom with glass walls and a long table. Mr. Nickers was there, meaning he was probably more than just the school principal. Beside him were four other people I didn't know.
"You'll be briefed on your Mission now," said Ms. Rocketry, pressing a button on the desk's touchscreen surface, which lowered an LCD screen that covered one whole wall. "We have some sensitive information about the possible location of Johnny Clue, Sr."
"Wait, you're Johnny Clue, Jr.?" Jericha interrupted. "I'm totally calling you Junior from now on."
"Please don't," I muttered.
"If I may continue?" Ms. Rocketry said primly. "Details have emerged regarding the abduction."
She pressed another button, and footage from a gas station security camera started playing.
There was my dad. The picture was grainy and almost black-and-white, but it was definitely him.
Dad was pumping gas into his Harley motorcycle. Mom sometimes says that his bike is his fourth favorite thing in the world. He looked around over his shoulder like he always does all the time. Paranoid. The way he always is. My dad's so predictable.
A gust of wind blew a sapling down at the edge of the gas station, right next to the tire pressure machine. None of the other trees nearby were knocked down. Just the one, bending in half like a street sign hit by a car. 
Shimmering green oil puddles wove into a narrow shape beside Dad. It was a tiny black jet shaped like a paper airplane, and it materialized right over the blown-down sapling. Materialized. It was a cloaking device. Dad started running, but the jet shot forward and a robot arm closed around him and dragged him into a compartment. Then the jet disappeared. Then, nothing. Dad was gone.
"This aircraft is a new design. We don't know much about it," said Mr. Nickers. "If you two can locate the manufacturing site with your spiderbots, we think we'll be able to analyze the design and find ways of tracing its path. No invisibility cloak is completely immune from detection."
"Where should we start looking?" said Jericha.
"Many of China's factories are currently under our control," said Mr. Nickers. "They have no record of such technology. It's more likely that this new system comes from Russia, where high-powered technology can be developed by an eccentric billionaire and sold to Illuminus agents for a profit. We've been unable to keep tabs on many underground factory floors from the Cold War. I recommend we begin there."
"We've equipped two spiderbots with advanced sensor arrays," said Ms. Rocketry. "This will make them larger and more obvious, sadly. We don't have this new cloaking technology yet, or we'd equip them with it, too. It will take special care to maneuver them without notice, and your handheld controllers won't be precise enough, so we've decided to give you access to the Virtual Reality chamber. Here are your passcards." She handed us plastic cards with a credit card strip on the back.
A new person spoke up. I hadn't gotten a good look at him before, but now I saw that under his flat-topped Huckleberry Hound hat he had a deep scar in his head, as if he'd had an ax lobotomy. No, it was more than a scar. His skull was completely split open, and the split had a glass dome over it. You could see his brain. His hands, which he kept folded in his lap, were controlled by some kind of robotic exoskeleton, like a Terminator. They made a faint "zzzt" as they folded and unfolded.
"There have been a great many delifferies to a warehowzz outside of Nizhny Novgorod," the man said.
"I don't think we've met," I said politely.
"Correct," the glass-brained man said.
Um. There was an awkward pause. He didn't tell me his name, and neither did anyone else.
"I will supply the coordinates," the man said, steepling his robo-hands.
"That concludes the briefing," Ms. Rocketry said. "Follow me."

* * *

The Virtual Reality chamber was filled with cameras. They rotated silently beneath dark domes in the ceiling. Every motion you made was followed by half a dozen red-eyed lenses.
Ms. Rocketry handed us each a tight neon-green suit covered with black spots, and we went into the bathrooms to change. I squeezed into mine--there still weren't underpants--and left carrying my astrogangster suit under an arm. I caught Jericha looking at me funny as I left the bathroom, and I said, "What?" but she just looked at me funnier. I followed her back to the VR room, where we were outfitted with goggles and sensor gloves.
"I've already launched the satellite," Ms. Rocketry told us through a microphone from inside a glass booth just overlooking the VR room floor. "I'll direct the pod around the space junk for you, too. Just be ready to pilot down to the warehouse."
About an hour passed before the lander split open and dropped the two spiderbots. We waited patiently. I'm pretty patient, but Jericha kept pacing and scowling.
Then it began. My goggles lit up with images that covered my view completely. I was looking straight down at the rushing earth, bright swirls and patchworks of color. Ahead I could see the tin-washboard warehouse roof accelerating toward me. Jericha's spiderbot was highlighted in green, and on the ground, an array of red spots around the warehouse must be enemy Illuminus agents. I found that my hand controlled the direction I fell, so I flexed my VR glove, feeling like that robot-hand guy.
"Don't land on the roof," Jericha said from somewhere to my left. "It'll go 'ping' and they'll hear us."
I found a tree and floated down to one of the branches. Jericha slid deftly under the overhang of the roof, out of sight. She probably hates the word "deft."
"We should split up," I said, "so that they don't squash both of us at once."
"Agreed," she replied.
My feet worked all the spider's feet, so I started walking. It was disorienting to be walking forward but to see myself scuttle down the trunk of the tree. I felt like I was going to fall forward. The red shapes were close now--I saw square tubular banks of missile launchers pointing at the sky, and men in uniforms patrolling the perimeter. There was an opening between the patrols, and I started forward toward the warehouse.
"Stay inside shadows," I heard Ms. Rocketry say. "That way, you won't cast any."
But I was on the wrong side of the building, and it was sunlight on my side, so I ran flat out, ignoring the advice for now. I made it to the open entrance of the building unnoticed, just as my gloved hand touched the wall of the VR chamber.
"Hold the button under your pinky to pause your motion, so you can turn around," said Ms. Rocketry.
"Bad news," Jericha said as I pressed the pinky button, turned, and started back through the VR chamber, simultaneous walking along the floor of the Illuminus warehouse. "It's just a big wide-open space in here. There's nothing."
"The invisible jets will probably be underground," I said, "if this is the right place and that guy with the hat knew what he was talking about."
". . . unless they're right here, and invisible!" said Jericha excitedly.
"But this is where they're made. There're no manufacturing machines here," I said. "They wouldn't make their whole factory invisible."
"Right. So look for a way underground," Jericha said.
I went up to a warehouse wall and nearly tipped backward trying to climb up it.
"Just walk forward," said Ms. Rocketry. "The spiderbot will adapt."
That was easier.
My whole perspective shifted as I stepped up the wall, and now the wall was the floor. I zipped up the surface; ahead was a wide pit that was really the doorway.
I stopped dead, staring.
My whole world shook.
"It's Dad!" I said. "And he's wearing an Illuminus uniform!"
The uniform had a logo of a big closed eye with solar rays shooting out of it, kinda like the top of the pyramid on a $1 bill. It was definitely Dad.
Well, almost definitely.
"He's not looking over his shoulder," I said. "That's something he always does. Also he looks . . . different. Is there a microphone? Can I talk to him?"
"Absolutely not," said Ms. Rocketry. "Make no contact with the enemy."
Dad. The enemy. He marched through the doorway and out into the sunshine.
"I'm going to follow him," I said.
Nobody contradicted me. I scuttled down the wall and out the doorway, twisting my perspective twice, and found my way into Dad's shadow. Not once did he look over his shoulder. Was my dad leading a double life? Was he a double agent? Or was this all part of some creepy spy lesson that Jericha and Ms. Rocketry were teaching me? Was Dad in on it? Was this my next training exercise, like the bomb in my suit?
Through my goggles' headphones I heard Dad speaking Russian to a buzzcut guard. The guard nodded and unlocked a door in what looked like a toll booth. I followed Dad in. An elevator started grinding down to an underground level.
"Jericha, I found it! Come quick, I think this is the way down."
"I'm too far away," she called out from the other end of the VR room. "Stay safe. I'm going to go exploring."
I kept to the corner of the elevator. It ground down the shaft into the earth. At the bottom was a rattling cage-shaped elevator door, and as Dad slid it aside, I followed him into a combination invisible jet manufacturing floor and . . .
. . . jazz club?
A quartet of tired-looking jazz musicians played "A Night in Tunisia" very slowly. They looked ready to collapse, like prisoners on a chain gang. Gangly, long-haired, with arms and legs like pencils, they wore floppy waistcoats and tails and stood on a short pedestal, playing bass, drums, saxophone and piano. Loudspeakers broadcast the music all throughout the factory floor. I guess it was something for the workers to listen to. Several officers sat on sofas watching the musicians play. The sad music made the factory feel like a late-night lounge in an old movie.
"You've located the manufacturing site!" exclaimed Ms. Rocketry. "Approach the nearest aircraft and press the button under your thumb to begin analyzing its characteristics."
"I have to find out what my dad is doing here," I said. "If that's really him, then we don't even need to find out anything about the jets. We've found him already. Maybe he's been brainwashed."
"Negative!" Ms. Rocketry sputtered. "Analyze the aircraft! Don't get sidetracked."
Jericha muttered something about "Remember what I told you about running away."
I took a deep breath, calmed down, and began walking sideways towards the jets. Sideways so I could keep watching Dad walking away across the factory floor.
Workers in jumpsuits were welding and attaching big shimmery panels to the frameworks of the slim jets. They talked in Russian and nodded their heads to the hopeless-sounding jazz music.
I walked up the side of a welding tank and jumped to a drawerful of wrenches and screwdrivers. Balancing on the edge, I aimed my spider-senses at the nearest shimmery panel and pressed the button.
"Data coming in," Ms. Rocketry said. Then:  "No, that doesn't make sense. That can't be right. It's all scrambled. What's happening to the data?"
"It's probably because it's underground," Jericha said.
"No, the data is being modulated very strangely. Unpredictably. I can't seem to unscramble it. The noise seems to follow a certain pattern, but every time I try to remove it, the pattern changes. What is happening?" Ms. Rocketry said.
We all thought about this. From the headphones set in the VR goggles, dreary jazz music played.
And then I remembered music class back at our allegedly normal middle school, perched somewhere above this Virtual Reality room. I remembered Duke Ellington and Thelonius Monk and Dizzy Gillespie.
"It's the jazz music," I said. "That's why they're playing it. They're mixing the improvisation into all broadcasts sent out of the site."
"Then we have to disrupt the musicians while we analyze the data," Ms. Rocketry snapped. "Jericha, find a way in and give Johnny enough time to finish broadcasting."
"Don't disrupt them! All the workers are listening. If they stop playing, everyone's going to get suspicious," I said. "They'll know we're onto them."
"Well, see if there are other options, Jericha. Otherwise, disrupt them and collect the data."
"Roger Wilco," said Jericha. "Junior! Turn around and look at the elevator. I'm right outside the green phone booth thing. I'll look through your eyes."
I turned around and focused on the entrance. "One of the officers is leaving!" I said. "You'll at least be able to get into the elevator."
"Got it."
But as she worked on getting down here, I spotted Dad and a woman in an officer's uniform walking toward the jets. I jumped my bot down off the tool tray and ran towards them, spider legs scurrying. I was hoping I'd be able to pick up some Russian conversation that we could translate later.
I didn't even need to. They were speaking English.
"She's making good progress. Her teachers tell me she's likely to make valedictorian this year and graduate directly into Illuminus as an agent in training. I couldn't be prouder," Dad said.
"It's all thanks to you, you know," the officer told him. "All that time you spend with her, all the practice, the spy work, taking her out on training exercises . . . she's really becoming her father's daughter. A Clue in every way."
So it really was Dad. He had a second family in Russia, unless this was really a set-up to make me jealous, some kind of psychology thing that Lucia Rocketry was doing. I kept trying to tell myself, They're just trying to trick me. This isn't really my dad. But it didn't stick.
"I'm sliding down the elevator shaft. Get ready to scan the jets," said Jericha.
"What for?" I found myself saying disconsolately. "I've already found Dad. He's right here."
"Let me see."
A green smudge in my VR display appeared. It was Jericha, skittering towards me across the ceiling. She aimed her high-powered camera at Dad.
"That's him? He looks like a dork. Like you," she said.
"Apparently he's good enough at spying that he managed to convince all of you that he's on your team. And convince me that he's on my team," I said.
"Do you think your dad could be the one who's been feeding our plans to the Illuminus?" Jericha said.
"Yeah, probably," I answered. I felt like crap, you don't even know.
I started to feel really angry at him. Dad. A guy I hardly knew. The guy I always looked up to, even though he'd never tell me anything. I thought back to all the things we'd done together, looking for anything suspicious. Dad. Adjusting his tortoiseshell reading glasses on the big chair in the den. Doing the dishes late at night, so Mom wouldn't find out he'd been getting into her homemade tiramisu. Reciting his mantras every morning, strings of numbers he'd memorized to help clear his head. Helping me with math homework, always checking the windows and keeping the couch facing the door. I always thought Dad was just paranoid. But no, he was living a double life and didn't want us finding out. That's why he was always looking over his shoulder. And every couple of weeks Mom would tell us he was going on another business trip. Nope. He was flying to Russia and raising a second family. Just like Jericha had said, only he wasn't getting captured. He was on their side all along.
"Well, the bosses will want to know about this," said Jericha, "but let's scan the jets anyways. They probably have a good reason for wanting the specs."
"Okay. Hey, do you think they're keeping track of their own scrambling-signal?" I said. "Like, do they have a de-scrambler so they can send signals themselves?"
"If it was me," said Jericha, "I'd put it right under the platform. Or inside one of the speakers."
"You're nearer to the platform. I'll take the speakers," I said.
I tried playing electric bass once, so I know the basics of speakers. There's usually a big open space, a paper cone, and a few wires. And that's exactly what I found in the nearest speaker. Dodging between the line-of-sight of the guards, I searched all the speakers I could find, but came up with nothing.
Meanwhile:
"Junior! Found it," called out Jericha.
"Don't call me Junior anymore," I said. "I don't want to be associated with him."
"Fine. Partner! I've found it. It's in the piano."
"How did you figure it out?" I called out across the VR chamber.
"All the instruments have mikes, and all the mikes are plugged into a black box in the piano."
Ms. Rocketry said, "Good thinking, Jericha. Very sneaky."
I could almost smell her beaming with pride.
"How do I tap into it, Looch?" Jericha asked.
"Just stand on top of the transceiver and press the button under your thumb. The sensors will do the work. Johnny, stand by to scan," Ms. Rocketry replied.
I narrowly avoided getting stomped by workers carrying invisibility panels. On impulse I grabbed onto a worker's black boot and held on. I aimed the sensor array and got ready for Ms. Rocketry to give the word . . .
"PAYK!" the man screamed.
The panel that the man was carrying dropped straight on top of me, landing on the man's foot. I pressed jump, but in my panic I hit the wrong button and a filament shot out of my butt. Two of my spider legs ripped off as the panel landed.
"Get out of there!" shouted Ms. Rocketry. "They're onto you!"
I started running as fast as I could. The spiderbot kept up, even with two legs missing, and with my own supercharged legs I got halfway down the factory floor unopposed. Behind me, shouts.
I was gaining. I just needed to find a shadow--
Looking over my shoulder, I slammed full-on into the VR chamber's wall. It tossed me out of the spider-universe in a second. Now I was back in the real world. The VR goggles smashed against my face, and instead of immersive wrap-around vision I saw nothing but a big crack, a flare of turquoise smoosh, a flurry of black and white lines and about a quarter of a screen's worth of fuzzy grainy factory. One of my goggle-eyes had gone completely blind, and the other was almost as bad. I felt a bloom of that yucky sour pain you get when you hit your nose.
"I can hardly see!" I called out as I turned around to dodge the several big Russian factory workers who had spotted me. It was like wearing a sagging turquoise blindfold with just a peek out of one corner.
"Listen to me very carefully," said Ms. Rocketry. "Activate your sensors and then follow my directions exactly." I pressed the button under my thumb. "Turn around and run. Use the button under your pinky to turn around."
In my panic, the clear, bold voice of Lucia Rocketry told me what to do. Following her directions word for word, I got turned around and heard the distant voice of Jericha suggesting I press my index finger to look through her eyes.
"Not yet," said Ms. Rocketry as a boot came down on top of my spider. "Jump left!"
I flexed my hand. The boot landed thump and I landed just beside it, barely a millisecond ahead. "Now, turn around and swing from his pantleg!" Ms. Rocketry shouted. I pressed the filament button and jumped, swinging from the guy's crotch between his legs and detaching. "It's wide open now. Run forward and you'll meet a wall forty feet from you. The chamber wall is thirty feet away. Be ready to do a quick flip when I give you the word. Run!"
Blindly I ran, hoping I wouldn't collide with Jericha. I could still hear Russian men shouting "Payk!" behind me. In my mind's eye I could see the wall coming inexorably closer and closer, ready to smash the bridge of my nose again.
"Flip!" Ms. Rocketry shouted.
I ran two steps up the padded wall, back-flipped, held down the button under my pinky, twisted on my heels and kept running back the way I had come through the VR chamber. My spider climbed straight up the factory wall.
From there I ran flat-out until the spiderbot had reached the distant ceiling.
"Keep going," said Ms. Rocketry, "but don't let your bot get too close to Jericha's. Lean left and you'll be right over the nearest jet. Keep your sensors active so I can guide you. Face straight down."
I could see a snippet of shadowy floor. Mostly what I saw was the shaky turquoise smear of broken LCD screen, like some clumsy video gamer who threw their Wii remote into their plasma TV.
"I'm on the black box," Jericha said.
"I'm facing the shimmery panels," I said. "I think."
Ms. Rocketry tapped aggressively on some unseen keyboard, sounding like a typewriter machine gun.
"Got it. Got all of it. Go ahead and self-destruct, both of you. Mission complete."
"Button under your fourth finger," Jericha hissed.
As soon as I pressed it, a robotic lady's voice said, "Hold down both buttons under both fourth fingers and say, 'Self-destruct,' loudly and clearly.' "
"Self-destruct," I said, holding the buttons.
A low whine, and then what was left of the screen went to black and white snow, then to pure blue. I lifted the VR goggles off my head and found myself facing an obscure corner of the chamber, the wall white and very solid just ahead. A redeyed camera was pointing at my green zentai-suited self. Behind me, Jericha was blinking and peeling her mechano-gloves off.
"Job well done," said Ms. Rocketry. "Take the rest of the day off. You've earned it."

* * *

Neither of us had seen daylight for awhile, so Jericha suggested we walk through the conservatory gardens. We changed into our spacey suits and met back up outside the bathrooms. As we wandered the huge halls toward a corner of the facility I hadn't seen before, feeling exhausted, like two people who'd walked up the longest flight of stairs in the world together, I asked why there were gardens in the spy headquarters.
"Even superhumans have a basic need for plants and trees and sunlight," she said. "Psychology. That's what they told me. Lucia says that humans like to take root. Whatever that means."
I guess I was hoping it would be outdoors, but no, it was just another white plastic room. The conservatory was lit by huge lenses in the ceiling that channelled distant sunlight down to a forest of mostly unidentifiable tropical-looking plants. The room seethed with moisture. A system of tubes ran under a series of white grates in the floor, then up to the base of each plant pot, dripping a slightly gray liquid onto roots and bulbs. There was no dirt; I half-imagined that those rectangular Roomba toasterbots had come by, scooting around and sweeping it all up, but I knew it had just been built on a hydroponics system. The air was warm and moist and smelled like rainforest.
We sat on a backless white bench and looked at each other.
"Do we ever get to go outside?" I said, settling on my newly-muscled butt on the bench. My legs were totally sore from running back and forth across the VR chamber.
"Y'know, they gave me a mini-history of the agency," Jericha said with her chin on her palms, pensive. "They used to send out agents all the time. Like your dad. Back before they had so much technology. But--again, it's just like your dad. People would defect to Illuminus, or 'come in from the cold,' trying to live a normal life instead of doing agency business like they were s'posed to. So more and more these days they send out drones and bots instead of people. So they can control us in person."
I scowled vaguely. Jericha noticed.
"But Johnny. I guess the thing you're maybe not getting? Is how much of people's real lives were always controlled by our two agencies. People live their whole lives not knowing that everything that happens to them was caused by these two agencies micromanaging their activities. Putting people and events into our paths, to make sure everyone behaves in predictable ways. So you've got to get used to doing what the agency needs you to do. Be predictable. Did you know that people don't really fall in love?"
"What?" I said. "Of course they do. Why do grown-ups get married, then?"
"It's smells," said Jericha, still hunched over, staring straight ahead. "People produce pheromones to attract a partner. But what do you think they put into grocery store food? Pheromone producers. What do you think they pump into movie theaters during romantic movies?"
"I've never smelled anything at the movies," I said.
"It's not detectable by your nose. Only your brain. People who are in love are easier to control. Why do you think they allowed me to have a partner?" she asked. "Someone not named Oscar or Roscoe, I mean."
What?
I looked over at her. Did she mean . . . ?
"They're going to make me fall in love with you?" I said dubiously. I didn't really want to be in love with anyone right now.
She stuck her tongue out, then frowned and crossed her arms. "It's not all about you, you dork. There're whole wheels of plans that they're setting in motion now that neither of us know about. Especially you."
"Then what did you mean?" I said. "About love?"
Jericha rolled her eyes and took a deep breath. "It's me. I was the top of the class, remember?"
I nodded.
"But--you know when you tried to run away?" she said. "That time?"
A red bromeliad tipped over and spilled out its thimbleful of water. I jumped at the sound, then relaxed and nodded again.
"I was like that, too," she said. "Only worse. Way worse."
"What happened? What did you do?" I asked.
Biting both her lips together, she looked up to the corners of the ceiling, looking for bugs or cameras or both. Her eyes alighted on the plants around us and she scowled. "They know we're here," she said. "C'mon, let's . . . let's just walk around."
Aching in my knees and the bridge of my nose from running into the wall, I stood and followed her out of the natural sunlight of the conservatory and into the buzzing fluorescence of the facility's huge halls. It seemed like we were totally alone, but I think we both knew we were being watched.
"So what did you do that made them want to control you?" I asked again, keeping my voice down.
She took my hand. I didn't mind. We were friends, although we were not in love.
"I didn't behave myself," she said. "When I first started. Can you keep a secret? Really?"
I shrugged. "I don't know," I said. "I've never needed to."
"Well, how about this. If you ever tell anybody what I'm about to tell you, I'll break your wrist so you can't ever use it again. And you'll let me. Say it."
"If I ever tell your secret, you can break my wrist."
"Normally I'd tell you to pinky-swear, but I think you know you'll keep your promise," she said. "Cause you made it to ME."
"So tell me. I want to know. After all, it's the reason I got dragged into all this, right?"
"Yeah, well, kinda."
Once again she checked around the ceiling for spy stuff, then she tried to roll up the sleeve of her white jumpsuit, but the material wasn't designed to roll up. Or even slide up. Girl-growling, she told me to turn around and not look. I faced the aluminum wall of the hallway and listened to a zip from behind me and to the hum of the bluish striplights. Then I heard her say, "You can turn around."
She had taken her arm out of the suit, and her shoulder was exposed, sticking out of the high collar. Hugging the floppy arm of the suit around her, she showed me her beastly big forearm muscle.
Through her dark skin shone a very faint neon-blue light.
"What's that?" I asked. I put my hand out, and she let me lay my fingers on her arm muscle. There was something hard embedded in the skin. It seemed to move back and forth as she flexed.
"That," she said, and her voice had a hint of something else in it, "is a poison bomb." Her breath had a shake in it, a gasp, but she stifled it. And she looked at me, really hard, right in the eye.
"So when you threatened me--" I said, touching her skin. "You said there was a bomb in my suit?"
"It's called a Freudian slip," she said. "When something that's on your mind just sort of slips out? Turn around again."
I waited for her to put her suit back on. Zip.
"They taught me how to threaten you the same way they threaten me," she said with a sad edge in her voice.
"So you didn't want to be a secret agent," I said.
"I totally did," she snapped. Then: "But they didn't give me ANY room to make decisions on my own. Wake, eat, sleep and train exactly when I'm told. It was like . . . like being in a box." She mimed a box. "That I couldn't get out of. And they told me that instead of trying to escape, I needed to learn to like being in the box." She took a deep breath. "That's what they told me. To like being in a box. And they told me that if I ever tried to get out of the box," and she closed her eyes and tipped her head back, "the bomb will go off."
I didn't have anything to say.
She grabbed my shoulders and stared at me, eye to eye. "Your job, boy, is to make life in the box bearable. So I can do my job and have a good time doing it. Understand?"
"Yeah, okay," I said.
She slapped both my cheeks at once. "Wrong answer. It isn't a 'yeah okay' thing. You aren't volunteering to do it. I'm not asking you. You don't get a choice. Now give me an answer that sounds like you understand."
"Um," I said. "My job is to make your life bearable?"
She pinched my earlobe really hard. "Give me an answer, not a question."
"My job is to make your life bearable," I said, wincing.
"Good. Let's see if we can convince them to give us real food instead of those wheatgrass and whey protein smoothies."
When we had found our way back to Ms. Rocketry, she had two tall glasses of something neon blue waiting for us. Jericha stopped dead, looking at the drinks. She looked into Ms. Rocketry's eyes and scowled and went funny, but not funny haha. She sort of rolled her eyes away, like she was made of wild anger, glaring and snarling, like she wanted to burn everything with her eyes. Ms. Rocketry wore an indecipherable Mona Lisa smile.
They had been watching us.
Jericha snatched the two glasses and handed me one. Blueberry with wheatgrass and whey protein. We turned to go, but Ms. Rocketry quietly said, "Report to the meeting room to be debriefed."
Jericha gave me a sour, haunted look and dragged me out.


Chapter Four

"Exemplary work," Mr. Nickers said. 
The balding, putty-faced principal was already sitting in the executive chair in the center of the boardroom, waiting for us. He had been watching, too, I guessed. We sat across the table from him.
"Don't worry about the goggle set, we'll expense it," he said. I didn't know what that meant. "You completed the Mission. That's what's important. We have a full and accurate scan of those planes and we're working to find a way to counteract the cloaking field. Well done."
Jericha wasn't so thrilled. She wouldn't match eyelines with Mr. Nickers, who was the only other person in the meeting room with us. Empty wheely chairs skittered around as she kicked them with her toe. I was getting worried about her. After making my mind up for several seconds, I decided to put my hand on hers, which was clutching the edge of the big desk like she was trying to break a piece off. I expected her to swat my hand away, since she was so mad, but instead she let go of the table, turned her hand around and grabbed my fingers. Held on tight.
"My dad was there," I said to Mr. Nickers. It was still hard to think of the guy as anything but the principal of Edward Teller Middle School.
"Rocketry informed me," Mr. Nickers said, rubbing his pink Gorbachev-blotchy scalp. "We don't have the full information on the subject at this time. Frankly we're as puzzled as you are. It would certainly explain a thing or two around here."
"What would it explain, sir?" I asked.
Mr. Nickers' eyes flicked to Jericha.
"It would explain how an Illuminus agent managed to locate our base," he said in his old-fashioned Dragnet monotone.
"The ladybugbot," Jericha whispered.
"Yes," said Mr. Nickers. "Our policy is to keep our location secret. I'm sure Probationary Agent White explained that to you."
"Probationary?" I said with a bit of a smirk. "You got into trouble?"
Her thumbnail dug underneath my thumbnail, tugging the skin down, which hurt like heck. "Probationary means agent-in-training," Jericha snarled. Without looking at me, she let go of my hand and put hers in her lap, which meant that she hated me and didn't want me around anymore and that I had screwed everything up.
"Yeah. I explained about our secrets," she said sullenly to Mr. Nickers.
"Thus, we know someone leaked this information to Illuminus. It might be your father, who may very well have been an Illuminus agent under heavy cover. I wouldn't have expected it of him, but then, that just makes ol' Johnny good at his job."
"You know my dad?" I asked.
"Yes," Mr. Nickers exclaimed with about as much enthusiasm as a crusty old man can muster. "Yes, I knew ol' John. Top of his class, back around 1972. First generation to be taught in this facility, actually, him and I. I was a year ahead of him. But that's neither here nor there."
"No," I said, trying to think of a way to persuade this grumpy old man to tell me more about my dad. "No, it might be really important. There--there might be clues in his past that might help us locate him. Or at least explain what he was doing in Russia."
"Johnny clues," Jericha added sullenly.
I pointed at her like I was going to stab her with my index finger. She grabbed it, but I got my hand away before she managed to twist my finger off. She gave me a grudging smile, the first time she'd smiled in awhile.
"So the more you tell us, the more we'll be able to piece together," I said to Mr. Nickers.
The principal considered.
"I'll spend a little while looking over your father's file. I may make some of it available to you. Beyond that, you both did exemplary work. That concludes the debriefing."
I could feel Mr. Nickers' penetrating gaze on the back of our heads as we turned to leave.

* * *

"Johnny."
"Hm?" I said as we walked beneath throbbing industral machinery through the wide-open spaces of the facility.
"I have GOT to have some privacy. I'm going crazy. I am just NOT okay."
Obviously, we weren't going to get any privacy at all while we were in the labs. You could tell. But I felt like saying so would just make Jericha crazier, and that sounded like a painful-thumbnail proposition. So I said, "Where should we go?"
"I don't want to escape," Jericha said.
"I didn't say we should."
"I'm not trying to get away," she said, loud.
"I know," I replied.
"Not you, dummy."
I looked over my shoulder, feeling totally alone and yet surrounded on all sides. She may have been talking to me, but she was definitely speaking to the unseen forces watching our every move.
"Come on."
Jericha took my hand and started running.
The same familiar white plastic hallways passed by us as I got swept up in Jericha's mad break for an exit. I knew, I could just tell, that she was going through the exact same thing I went through when I first woke up here, when they vaporized my boxers. Blind panic, claustrophobia, paranoia, whatever you want to call it. Her hair was flying frizzy as we stormed through doorway after doorway, past the VR chamber, to a part of the facility I hadn't seen yet. And then . . .
Dead end.
A completely empty storeroom.
"In here, quick. They're going to be coming soon."
An unmarked door led down to a short metal staircase, switching back and forth in a dozen flights of six quick stairs around a constipated concrete stairwell. At the bottom was a low, cave-like basement that was paved like a parking garage. Smelled like it, too. Cement pillars held up the ceiling. An open door revealed a storeroom.
She dragged me in through the unmarked door. Running to the very far corner of the storeroom, she pressed a plain spot on the wall. A long, wall-colored lever flicked out.
"Help me pull it."
I put my hand over hers, but she gave me a look out of the corner of her eye and put her hand on top of mine. And shoved, squashing my hand.
A piece of the floor dropped away.
"What is it?" I hissed.
"Prisoners," she said. "I figure there's at least a chance that they bug the prisoners instead of the place. C'mon, let's find out."
Black hair frizzed straight up as she dropped into the hole.
I could just tell I was going to get in trouble for this. I sat on the floor with my toes dangling into the abyss and looked between my legs at the black hole below. White sleeves reached up and wrapped around my legs and pulled me in.

* * *

"Look at this place," said Jericha, helping me down. "It's like a survivalist's nightmare. Like a bunch of adults got together and said, 'What's the worst place a person could ever live?' "
Walls made of filthy opened tin cans turned this sub-basement into a catacombs. The cans were full of half-eaten soup and green beans and peaches. Weevils and horrible hopping things and brown wormy bugs were oozing up and down the endless stacks. The smell was enormous, like that smell when you pull a trashbag full of peelings up and get puffed in the face by rot smell.
"I thought you said they didn't keep prisoners here," I said.
"Yeah," she said. "I lied. Duh. C'mon. Someone lives here. Let's meet 'em."
I couldn't help but think that all the bugs were hiding transmitters and electric antennae, but honestly most of them looked pretty . . . organic.
It was a maze of cans. Who lived in this muck? I imagined coming face to face with some kind of bearded Russian lunatic driven insane by decades of isolation, carrying a femur club and ready to kill anyone who came near. Whoever-it-was had certainly opened and eaten enough cans of food to live for twenty years. God, the smell just kept getting worse. I started to think that I hated whoever had put human beings down here. No prisoner deserved to live in conditions like these, no matter what their crime was. This was . . . I didn't even have a word for it. Immoral, maybe.
A buzzing sound started echoing from behind us as we advanced through the sludge. What kind of thing made buzzing like that? An ugly swarm of tin-can-loving flies? Or some huge mega-bee, I thought. Jericha pushed on into the increasing darkness of this basement world. I was still worried that the prisoner was going to be some gigantic man who could overpower us and maybe kill us.
"Tell me honestly," I said. "Have you ever actually been down here before?"
"I don't have to tell you," said Jericha absentmindedly. She kind of woke up and looked at me. "Okay, fine. No, I've never been in here. When Lucia told me that they keep prisoners in basements under basements, but not in THIS facility, she had this kind of facial tic? So I knew she was lying. Everybody acts a little different when they're lying. Either nobody kept prisoners in basements under basements, or they DID have places like that in this facility. It was too weird a thing to make up, so I started looking. And I found it."
"Do they know that you know?" I asked.
"Probably. In fact, spy lesson. Always assume your opponent knows everything. Never expect them to make mistakes."
"I learned that same lesson on the chess team," I said.
She smiled at me in a sinister way out of the corner of her eyes. I didn't know what that look meant.
What I did know was, I was starting to get nauseous at the reeking rot smell--normally I've got a strong stomach, but this was intense. The walls of cans kept wending on and on under the low ceiling. That buzzing was getting louder, too.
"Jericha?" I said. "This is way gross, and I don't want to be here."
That's called an I-message. Our guidance counselor taught us about them.
"Second spy lesson. Your physical environment, and the sensations your body feels? Are temporary. Information is forever. When there's information we need, you have to ignore your body and focus on getting the information."
"We could come back with those gas masks from the poison room," I said.
"Or you could suck it up and keep moving," Jericha said. "You think they're going to let us in here a second time?"
I looked over my shoulder. That buzzing was still there, closer, and I wondered what it was. Were they coming after us with stun guns or something?
The floor was increasingly sticky with congealed food. I concentrated on ignoring my body, which was screaming at me to get out because there were slobbering subhumans with huge teeth hiding around each corner. The darkness was lit by lines of tiny recessed bulbs, most of which were out. Fear started to get to me, but Jericha was fearless, and that helped. Each footstep became harder to take. We came to a last bend, and--
Voices.
A man and a woman, talking in some kind of messed-up nega-English. Gargles and grunts interspersed with barely audible real words. Jericha held up a hand and we both stopped. She put a finger to her lips and slid her feet through the orange muck under our feet, making almost no sound. I tried to imitate her, but then I heard, "Someone there," from the other side of this last wall of cans, and I slid backward on the goo and landed on my butt. Disgusting.
But it wasn't the fact that the prisoners had heard us that threw me.
It was Mom's voice. And the words "Stay still" that followed it were clearly Dad's.

* * *

"It's my mom and dad," I whispered to Jericha as quietly as I possibly could.
"What? Are you just finding them everywhere?" she hissed back.
And the buzzing finally broke through. A square drone with four propellers gradually eased its way around the walls, spotted us, buzzed over to us and shot out lassos that turned into robot arms and grabbed us around the wrists. The clicking sound of handcuffs closing. The drone started flying back through the maze. I had smelly stink-goo down the back of my space gangster suit and I could hardly keep my feet while getting dragged through the walls of cans by a flying handcuff-drone.
Footsteps.
Like a pair of cavemen, my mom and dad grunted to each other and approached the entrance to the tin can labyrinth. I could hear them. Jericha was fighting the cable that attached us to the drone, but the machine stayed far enough ahead that neither of us could grab ahold and pull it down. Our feet slid through the layer of orange goo when we tried to resist.
"On three," Jericha hissed. "One . . . two . . . THREE!"
We both pulled on our handcuffs at the same time. For a second, in the faint light of the recessed bulbs, it looked like we might succeed in pulling the quadcopter out of the air, but it stabilized with a bob and swoop and resumed its task of dragging us back.
"Kids," I heard behind us. "Secret agents." Then some oogs and grunts.
"Let us go!" Jericha screamed at the four un-slow-downable propellers. I couldn't wait to change clothes and take a bath, but more than that I wanted to find out what my parents were doing in this horrible place.
They came around the corner. I saw them. My parents. They both wore white loincloths of the same material as our secret agent suits, and their hair was in mats and half-formed dreadlocks. Dad had a beard down to his bellybutton. I really didn't want to see my parents almost naked, but I tried to run toward them anyways. They were my parents. I didn't understand what was happening, but I had to find out.
"Mom! Dad!" I shouted.
Their demented-looking eyes turned to each other, and then they ran toward me. I pushed toward them, my feet backsliding on the greasy floor as I was dragged away. Their bare feet couldn't keep up; my arm felt like it was tearing out of its socket, and I jumped and pulled on the handcuff cable with both hands, and the drone spun once and dragged me into a wall of cans, which came down beneath me like a weevil-infested brick wall. The drone kept moving inevitably toward the exit, knocking through wall after wall of cans, leaving a sticky catastrophe behind. I couldn't keep my feet, and I wound up dragged across collapsed cans. Jericha flipped to her feet and was walking morosely up the layers of cans, led by her upraised cuffed hand.
"You're-our-son," I heard behind me.
Two pairs of filthy, crazed eyes faced me. Dad, or at least this version of Dad, held his hand up to me. Feeling like E.T., I stretched my hand to touch his. Instead I crashed backward through one last wall and saw the square of light that meant we had reached the trapdoor exit. I had to wrap both hands around the cable as the drone super-charged its propellers and lifted Jericha and I straight up, leaving my parents struggling to climb the stacks of cans.
Then it was over. The trapdoor shut with a snap, and we were back in the sub-basement storeroom again. The drone continued out the door and dragged us back up the clanging stairwell to Ms. Rocketry, who was holding a giant remote control that looked like a motorcycle dashboard bristling with antennas and dials. She pressed one last button, uncuffed us, then set it down.
"Oh, well done," Lucia Rocketry said sarcastically. "Your suits are perfectly clean, you didn't scare us halfway into prepping your little punishment, and you didn't put the security of the entire facility at risk. Bravo."
"Bite me," said Jericha, rubbing her arm.
"I think," said Ms. Rocketry, "that both of you need some correction. So. Jonathan."
"Johnny," I barely murmured, then I shut up. Lucia Rocketry's eyes were like death lasers cutting into my face.
My boots were suddenly very interesting to me. Look at those laces, the way the material fits my foot, the riveted lace-holes, the rim of rubber sole, the stitching . . .
"Jonathan!" Ms. Rocketry's voice turned into a commanding screech.
I gradually focused my attention on her shoes instead of mine. Gradually I was able to meet her eyes. Her scary, scary laserbeam eyes.
"That's better. Do you remember what your job here is?" she asked me.
I opened my mouth several times, but it was really hard to talk to Ms. Rocketry. I think she's the scariest person on Earth when she wants to be.
"Do you?" she asked again.
"To make sure Jericha's happy?" I whispered.
"To make sure she's functional," Ms. Rocketry replied.
"We had the day off," Jericha interrupted. "I had every right to--"
"Stop," said Ms. Rocketry like an angry preschool teacher. "If I had called you up for a new Mission within the past four hours, would you have been able to complete it? Or would you have rebelled?"
Jericha caught the shoegazing disease.
"Answer me," Ms. Rocketry snapped.
"Rebelled," Jericha said, rolling her eyes.
"Right. Jonathan, did you do your job as you were directed?"
"I guess--"
"Don't guess," Ms. Rocketry said. "Did you?"
"No, Ms. Rocketry."
She wore a faint hint of a smile, but turned it into a snarl instead.
"I think your one shot as a secret agent is over. Don't you, Jonathan?"
I wasn't going to be a secret agent after all? I was given this glimpse into the secret world of spy training and intrigue and then they were going to kick me out of it again?
I didn't believe it. Really, I didn't believe it. This was all another game they were playing. I could tell. And above all, I wasn't about to give up on finding my dad. Finding out the real story of my real dad and all of his weird clones. I was going to figure this puzzle out.
"J-o-n-a-t-h-a-n . . .?"
"Yes, Ms. Rocketry," I said, my mind whirring.
"New clothes will be found in your cell. Report up to the principal's office. This will be the end of your training. Jericha?"
"Yes'm," Jericha said, looking broken.
"I think a week in the Box will do the trick. Don't you?"
"No, please!" Jericha screamed.
"Out, Jonathan. I have to work on Miz White, and you are no longer privileged to witness my work. OUT."
The sobbing sounds of Jericha begging and pleading Lucia Rocketry not to put her in the Box, whatever that was, haunted me for a long time afterwards.


Part II


Chapter Five

A blank blue fitted t-shirt in my new, super-healthy size; plain boxers; and a pair of size 28 jeans waited for me. There wasn't a shower, so after I took off the hideous-smelling white suit, I toweled off with the bedsheets, feeling sticky and weevilly, then put on the new clothes. Almost none of the tin can goop had got on my skin--the white suit was that protective. I washed my hands in the bathroom and found my way to the big factory floor where I had first come in.
The trestle elevator was there at floor level, and I took the big yellow control box from where it lay coiled in its yellow wire and pressed the up arrow. At the top was a wall; the fake janitor's closet was on the other side. The wall slid down into the floor at my approach. I didn't know whether there was a pressure plate in the floor of the balcony, or whether it was motion-activated, or whether they were watching me with unseen cameras and lowering the door from afar. For a moment I considered turning and running back, rescuing Jericha, freeing my caveman dad and mom, but I could just tell that they'd be ready for me. I bet they almost expected it.
I stepped through. Noisy hydraulics rolled the wall shut behind me. I didn't have one of those white remote control cell phones that Jericha had. This door was closed to me forever.
And then it hit me. I had failed. It was all so obvious, there in the dark of the janitor closet, beside the yellow bucket. They had brought me in because they couldn't control Jericha. Poison bombs couldn't control her, giving her access to the whole facility didn't control her, pairing her with mean old men named Roscoe didn't help. Not even the terrifying Lucia Rocketry could make her do what she was supposed to. Nothing had worked. So they had brought in someone they figured would make her fall in love or something like that. They put pheromones in that red bromeliad. They were counting on me to tell her not to act up every time she acted up. But it didn't work. I got it wrong. And now they were going to hurt her, and now I was just a useless eighth grader that they didn't need anymore.
I opened the janitor's closet, feeling vaguely like I'd just been hit in the stomach. There was that greasy smell of disused old building and oiled steel. I climbed the stairs and faced the gray door leading to the Captain Kirk chamber.
The door opened, and a man I didn't recognize ushered me through the dark, 70s-era blinking-lights room and out through the cabinet into the principal's office. He directed me into the chair facing the desk and seated himself across from me.
"I'm the new principal, Mr. Fox," he said, shaking my hand wetly. "I understand you've had a nasty concussion and've been out of school for a week. Your teachers have provided me with copies of your missed homework assignments--"
He pulled out a sizeable stack of worksheets and wide-ruled three-hole-punched pages scribbled with page numbers from textbooks I could hardly remember. My long-forgotten backpack was there, too. Looked like my computer was still inside, by the rectangle wrinkles.
"And they'll expect you in class on Monday. Your mother's waiting out front. Glad to hear you're feeling better."
"Yeah, thanks," I said, taking the papers and pack.
Man, I did not miss homework. Not a bit.
I didn't ask where Mr. Nickers was because it was obvious. They imagined that I'd be begging him to let me back in all the time or something, and they didn't want that, so they replaced him. They made up a good cover story for me to tell my teachers, and now I was heading home after a week of being evaporated in the eyes of the outside world. I lurched out into the front hallway of Edward Teller Middle School and through the heavy hydraulic-armed doors into the sunshine, which was as blinding as a nuclear bomb.
Mom.
What would she know? What would she admit? Was she in on it? And why did they have some sort of feral clone of her living underneath the spy facility?
I pushed open the school doors. There was Mom's old blue van, a ghost from my own past of a week ago. I realized I was still super skinny and super muscular. Maybe I'd try out for . . . sports, I guess. Gymnastics or swim team or track. Definitely not team sports. Team sports guys are the worst. Maybe I'd be good at track, though. Maybe I'd be the world champion.
Maybe I had just screwed up the most amazing, important opportunity of my entire life.
Mom was digging through her purse when I got to the car door. I tapped on the window. She looked up and gestured me in.
"Hi, Mom," I said, swinging into the car.
"Hi, sweetie. Did the principal give you the assignments you missed?"
"Yeah." I shut the car door. "You know what really happened, right?"
Mom gave me that funny kittenish look she sometimes gives people. "What do you mean, sweetie?"
"That I was inducted into a secret spy organization and trained as a secret agent?"
Mom went real cold. A clammy hand pressed against my brow. "Maybe you ought to talk with the school psychologist on Monday. Johnny, you've been flat on your back with a tube up your nose for weeks now."
"Okay, okay, have it your way, Mom." I put my hands up, like, I surrender. We drove home in silence, and I looked through my assignments, but Mom kept shooting me these worried glances. She was obviously a pro actor, because obviously I wasn't flat on my back for weeks. Not with this sweet core and these awesome electro-powered biceps. I checked my face in the mirror. I was looking pale from the lack of sun in the underground facility, and yeah, my nose was red around the rim from getting hit in the face with a set of Virtual Reality goggles, but--
Had this all been in my head?
No. No, of course not. The--the spy board members had just constructed a cover story that fit my current circumstances. I had abs.
I got home and leaped out of the car and squashed a thrip on the front door with the toe of my shoe--
"Mom, when did I get these sneakers?" I asked, holding up my foot.
"They had to dispose of your old clothes when you were admitted," she sighed. "Quarantine." Then: "Don't you remember?"
I gave her a halfhearted scowl. "Yeah, Mom. I remember."
Since when do you quarantine a concussion?
And I went upstairs to my old bed, in my old room, with all my Led Zeppelin and The Clash posters, my antique Playstation 2 and pile of archaic games (I have a PS2 because, while I was able to convince my parents to let me play video games, I couldn't convince them to shell out any money for new ones). My computer with my dual monitors. My toothpick bridge from Odyssey of the Mind. The whole deal was totally unchanged from the way I remembered it.
I took a quick shower to get the feeling of weevilly goop off.
Then bed. I fell straight asleep.
The first thing I saw when I woke up was Mom's and Steve's eyes peering in at me around the doorframe in that impossibly creepy way they have when they watch me sleep. Do anybody else's parents do that? Is it normal? Or is it just Mom? Steve picked up the habit of staring at me by watching Mom, I'm pretty sure. He's impressionable and strange. But why do I have to wake up every morning with Mom staring at me?
It was Saturday, so I stumbled downstairs to the kitchen, still wearing the new blue t-shirt and jeans sans shoes, and poured myself some cereal in an orange Fiestaware bowl.
"We're out of milk," Steve said from where he was hiding in the doorway.
I re-opened the flaps of the cereal box and halfheartedly poured the grain lumps back in. Kix aren't good without milk.
Mom was standing at the bottom of the stairs, giving me a big look. I was briefly hopeful that she'd sit me down and tell me all about her spy days and that she believed me and talk about what was going on with Dad, but instead she said, "Why don't you get started on homework?" in a toneless, noncommital groan.
I didn't have anything else going on. I shrugged. "Can you pick up milk the next time you're out?"
"I'll get some. Now, homework," she replied. "You need to be ready on Monday."
I felt like fighting. "Well, I'm glad you're so sympathetic after I spent weeks in the hospital," I said.
"What's gotten into you, John? You've never taken that tone with me before." John was something only my mom gets to call me, and only when she's mad. She swished around the stairway toward me. "I think I do want you to see the school psychologist. It's like you've had a personality change while you were fighting that infection."
"Well, that's the sort of thing that lying flat on your back will do to you," I said. She flinched. "Along with this." I lifted up my shirt and showed Mom and Steve my super-ripped, super-toned belly. Steve's eyes went goggly. Just for kicks, I bent over backward and flipped to a backward handstand, flexed my arms and sprang onto the kitchen table five feet away.
"Get down from there," Mom said. "You'll break something."
"Could I do that before I went into the hospital?" I asked.
"You're having delusions," Mom told me. "I'm calling a doctor." And she turned and left.
I sat on the edge of the six-legged table--Steve used to call it the "ant table"--and Steve pulled up a chair.
He's got jet black hair, my little brother, and super thick eyebrows, and a pointed Doonesbury nose, and looks like a miniature Clark Gable or William Powell from old movies only without the moustache. He's eleven going on sixty, like a mini wise man sitting on top of the mountain, but he's got something wrong with him, but it isn't exactly autism. Mom keeps telling him to talk to his guidance counselor, and apparently he does, but Mr. Clarkson the guidance counselor at the fourth-and-fifth grade school across the street--I wonder if it's connected to the spy facility, too--says that Steven is just "too wise for his own good," whatever that means. I bet my brother grows up to be a philosopher.
Steven came face to face with me, like he was going to kiss me or something. Instead he said, "You were'it ih the hosphihal," without moving his lips, like a bad ventriloquist without a dummy.
"I know," I said, but his hand flew to his lips, shhhh.
"They're wat'hing," he whispered without his mouth moving. I could see his tongue waggling. What a weird brother.
"Let's go for a walk," I said.
Shaggy black hair nodded. He's been growing his hair out like his anime characters. He's got the straight hair to do it, too. It curves around to his chin.
We waited by the front window until Mom pulled out of the driveway on her milk run. Then Steve pushed the front door open and we smelled the first autumn leaves accumulating in clumps under the oak trees. It stays pretty warm all year round in Maryland, but autumn still has a special romantic smell. It smells like Thanksgiving gourds and rotting pumpkins.
I was feeling reckless, so instead of putting shoes on, I peeled my socks off. I hadn't showered, since I took one last night. It was still morning. The front stoop was cold under my feet, but the air was clingy and humid. I walked on the grass and Steve walked in his big-daddy leather Minnetonka slippers on the gravel along the road.
"Do you think we can talk now?" I asked as we turned a corner at the end of the block.
Steve shrugged. "Where were you?" he asked, moving his lips like a normal person this time.
"There's a secret agent training facility under the school," I said. "They wanted to make me an agent, but I did it wrong and they kicked me out."
"Who are they?" he asked.
"Two big spy agencies--" I began.
"The CIA and the FBI?" he asked.
"No," I said. "It's different. They didn't tell me too much about it."
Suddenly I was nervous about sharing too much. It's not that I was worried about Steve believing me--we've always been pretty straight-up with each other--but I had it in the back of my mind that if I were being tested after all, then spilling all of the spy secrets to anyone who asked would look really bad on my permanent record or whatever.
But I had to tell Steve some of it . . .
"The enemy agency is called Illuminus," I said. "Don't go spreading that around. They . . . I'm actually not sure why they're enemies. It's--did you ever read Mad magazine?"
Steve shook his head.
"Then never mind. But the two spy agencies are always trying to one-up each other. They have--" and I had the distinct feeling that every word I said was being transmitted to headquarters, and that Mr. Nickers and Ms. Rocketry were listening in on James Bond-type radio headphones. "They have Dad. He's not on a business trip. He's been taken to Russia, and . . . and it's complicated. I don't know how to get him back."
"He was here last night," Steve said. "But he left again."
Oh, great. It was all getting so messy that I didn't even know what was going on.
"Did he act the same?" I asked. "Paranoid?"
Steve nodded. "Pretty much. He seemed sad, and he gave me a big hug goodbye, like he never does."
"Bet you we never see him again," I said without really meaning it. I was so mixed-up about Dad. It wasn't seeing him during the spiderbot visit to the warehouse in Nizhny Novgorod that made me so mad and confused; it was seeing the caveman version in that gunk basement, wild and depraved and living in captivity, seeing Mom and Dad acting like zoo prisoners. I didn't understand. I just . . . I didn't have any control over what was happening to me, and it made me crazy.
"Do you really think so?" Steve said. "We'll never see him again?"
I wondered if I had said something that really upset him.
"I don't know what's going to happen," I said.
"I don't want to talk anymore," Steve said, his anime hair covering his face completely. "I want to think."
And we walked around the block twice silently, and returned home, and I let him think.


Chapter Six

It turned out to be disquietingly easy to slip back into normal life. Dad didn't come back that weekend, but Mom managed to be tolerable and didn't talk about it. Just like I suspected, she never called the doctor. It was just another of her useless threats.
Worksheet after worksheet of math problems. Algebra 2 wasn't really that bad, especially after geometry last year. Social studies. Earth science.
Sunday evening. Dusk. I sat at my desk staring at my laptop screen, clicking towers on my tower defense game between worksheets, when Steve knocked on my door, a very faint, shy tapping.
"Come in," I said, setting up an upgraded cannon tower, click.
The door opened and he slipped in, wearing his InuYasha pajamas.
"I've decided to believe you," he said, standing still.
"Yeah?" I said. "Why's that?"
He shrugged. "Mom told me she'd got a message from the school that you were in the hospital with a concussion. But the next time I asked, she said it was an infection. I mean, she's a mom. You'd think she'd know where you were. Doesn't she care about what's wrong with you? So I knew it was something. And you know kung fu and stuff. So I believe you."
I sighed. "Thanks for believing me, but it doesn't matter anymore. I'm not ever going to get to go back. I might as well concentrate on homework."
Steve adjusted his flowing black mane like a dork.
"You were a secret agent," he said.
I put my pencil down and waited for him to say what he was thinking about.
"And you said Dad's one," he went on.
It took him almost ten minutes to construct his next sentence. He's like that. You have to wait for him to talk without interrupting. If you interrupt, he just lets his thoughts drift away unspoken. It's better to give him his space.
"And if Dad is gone away forever because he's a secret agent . . . then I don't want you to be one. Because then both of you would go away forever."
"Steve, don't be redorkulus. I'm never going away forever. And neither is Dad. In fact," I said, "in fact, I'm going to find him and convince him to come back. Maybe he wants to be here but just has a Mission. When you're on a Mission, you can't let your family know where you are, but you'll come back eventually. You always do. They send someone after you if you don't."
"Okay," said Steve. "So you are going to be an agent?"
"I don't think I ever had a choice, one way or the other. If they want me to be an agent--"
And I had a big experience, right there. It all came rushing back. I choked up and had to pretend I had something in my eye. Jericha, the red mats of the training room, the ice-blue robotic cell, crashing around the VR room . . . It had all seemed so cool, but I also took it for granted, like a drug addict who had gotten used to the drug and didn't feel it anymore. They told me about that in D.A.R.E. I was in spy withdrawal. I wanted one more chance at getting it right. I felt like I could show Jericha how cool it all was, and keep her interested and help her manage her paranoia and . . .
"If they want me to be an agent," I said, "then I want to be one. If they let me back in, I promise you'll see me again. I promise. And I'll find Dad one way or the other."
Steve took a goose step forward and stuck his hand out. I shook it. Then he left.
I looked out my window, expecting to see a jet materialize to whisk me away, but the only thing out the window was a pair of Canadian geese on the driveway.
Social studies. Capital of Russia, Moscow.

* * *

Mom was sitting on the edge of my bed when I came in with my toothbrush sticking out of my mouth.
"Have a good day at school tomorrow," she said tonelessly. I felt like she had something she wanted to say. I gave her a "one moment" finger and finished brushing my teeth, ran off to rinse my mouth out in the bathroom sink and came and sat beside her.
"Dad says his business trip is going to take awhile," she said.
"I understand," I replied.
"You might not see him for some time."
"Mm-hm, Mom."
She scowled. "That man," she said.
I didn't know what she meant.
"So just be patient and wait for him, okay?"
"Okay," I said.
She gave me a hug and stood.
"I'm glad we had this talk," she said.
And for the first time ever I saw my mom as she really was. Tired, bitter, with a grudge against Dad and all his "business trips." I wondered if my parents really loved each other, or if they stayed together because of Steve and I. It must be pretty miserable being married to a secret agent. Mom looked older than I ever remembered her; her pink and magenta robe clung to her like a funeral shroud, and her cheeks looked sunken-in with worry. You forget your parents are real people. They just seem like the law of the land most of the time.
I gave Mom another hug. She looked like she needed it. Then bed.
I woke up the next day feeling ready. I was ready for a normal life of school and homework, ready to be whisked back to the world of secret agentry, ready for anything. I'd even sorted my finished worksheets and book assignments by subject into colored folders, as if I were starting my first day of school.
The bus looked unusually yellow as it wormed its way up the street. It was a color I hadn't really seen in over a week, except for the janitor's bucket. Startling, seeing a color for the first time. The steps up the bus were gritty under my sneakers--I was wearing an old pair, not my spy sneakers--and the slatey nothing-colored bus seats were cold with chilly morning. I saw the short gray beard of the bus driver reflected in the long oval rearview mirror. Mine is the first stop, so there was no one on the bus yet. The bus driver said, "Morning, son."
God, I had to go back to school. My readiness, my go-get-em attitude? Started evaporating, one stop at a time. I watched the tired parade climb on the bus. There were The Guys, six big athlete guys who sat together, punching each other. Here were The Mouse Twins, those two girls who didn't talk. SarahBeth, the Looney Luna wannabe. Jackson, who was okay. He swung into the seat across from me and said "Hey." I said hey, and he asked if I'd gotten any card packs lately, and I said I hadn't. He got the message that I wasn't really in the mood to talk and plugged himself into his iPod and vanished, bopping his head to the music. Here was Lisa, who got seizures. Laura and Laura.
Jericha.
No, it wasn't. It wasn't her. But it looked a lot like her . . .
I had never seen this girl before in my life.
She sat next to me. In my seat. Frizzy hair, but younger, a couple of years younger than Jericha and I. Probably a sixth grader. But she'd never ridden this bus before. . . .
Jackson give me a look, but shrugged and went back to bopping.
"I'm Shirena," the Jericha look-alike said abruptly, pulling her legs up crosslegged and crossing her arms until she got really small.
"Are you--" I began. "Are you Jericha's sister?"
"Mm-hm. She TOLD me you weren't a TOTAL nerfgun. Anyway, look. Do you really think they're going to put up with you giving away all their secrets? My sister's in trouble because of you screwing up, right?"
I was speechless. Staring.
"So she told me to give you a message. She said stop screwing up, and stop screwing around, and get tricky. Trickiness--"
"Is very important," I said.
Shirena nodded, handed me a plastic pair of sunglasses and a note folded in origami girl style, with a flap folded into a triangle pocket. She got up and found another seat.
"Is that your new girlfriend?" Jackson said.
"I'll punch you in the crotch, Jackson," I answered, staring down at these two objects. Jackson snickered.
I put the note out of sight in my backpack. The sunglasses had one neon green arm and one neon pink arm and were black plastic in the middle. They smelled vaguely of flavored chapstick.
The bus turned up the road to school. I didn't have much time.
I looked at the girly neon sunglasses. Rolling my eyes, I put them on and looked out the window. Reflections of trees and the bay. Nothing. They were cheap plastic sunglasses. I put them in the front pocket of my backpack and reminded myself not to crush them against the floor.
The day was just as interminable as every other day at school. Biology, English, the horrible brutish galaxy of social pressure they call the lunch cafeteria. I couldn't pay attention, I just had to get a look at the note and figure out why Jericha had sent me a pair of tacky sunglasses. But there wasn't time now. I hauled my backpack onto my back and went to computer lab.
It wasn't until study hall that I had a really private chance to read the note. I found a seat in the back of the study hall room in one of the eddies where nobody ever sits, waited to make sure nobody coming in was going to sit next to me, and unzipped my backpack.
Mr. Crothers, the study hall monitor, had eyes in the back of his head. He was of the "children aren't allowed to have fun in my line of sight" school of adulthood. His huge head was sunken into his neck like a wispy-haired toad. His neck folds glared at me. I rummaged out my bio textbook and hid Shirena's note between the open pages. I tugged the flap out of the pocket and unwrapped it. It was written in neat purple gel-pen, in some kind of almost-cursive girl-style script.

* * *

Boy. Partner. Whoever you are,
If you can read this, that means that I screwed up and need your help. I'm writing this before I even meet you and loading it into a spiderbot preset to land on my sister's bed. Ha, she'll FREAK. Anyway, I assume you know about my . . . situation. You need to find the Illuminus for me, so they can . . . fix me. Understando-capisce-o? The sunglasses will show you how. Quickly, boy!
- J

* * *

"Please set your book flat on the desk, John," Mr. Crothers rumbled. "It looks like you're reading comic books under there." Who reads comic books on paper these days? Some people are really old.
Think tricky. Trickiness is very important. I turned the page once, letting the note squash flat, and set the book down on the desk, and Mr. Crothers nodded, appeased.
Sunglasses.
There wasn't any way to put them on in study hall. I fished them out of the front pocket of my backpack, suddenly very curious about what they did. When I put them on in the bus, I got nothing, so I wasn't sure what was supposed to happen. Did they switch on somehow? I put them in my sweatshirt pocket and raised my hand.
"Yes, John?" Mr. Crothers said.
"May I use the bathroom?"
"So you can read your comic books in there instead?" the elderly study hall monitor sighed. "Hustle, then. Don't dawdle."
I hustled.
There's a secret single bathroom that used to be for handicapped kids only, but they've let transgender kids use it lately, too. And anyone else who knows the secret of the unmarked door and wants a little privacy. I slipped in and flipped the lightswitch and looked at the sunglasses.
They had thick plastic arms without spring-loads. They folded easily, but didn't feel sturdy to me. The lenses were solid black plastic. I put them on. Yup, the world looked a little darker. I looked around--
There was a flicker--
What was that? I had swung my face around the mini-bathroom, and something had showed up--
There it was again. The mirror. I went over and looked at myself--
A green overlay of electric light surrounded my reflection. Green lines mapped out my eyes, nose, mouth and ears in a grid. Words shot out from my face.
A Head's-Up Display. A dossier.
JONATHAN CLUE, JR. FORMER OBSCURA PROBATIONARY ADJUNCT AGENT IN TRAINING. SON OF JONATHAN CLUE, SR., AND PEGGY CLUE. CURRENT STATUS: DISMISSED.
Obscura. That must be the name of the good-guy spy agency. Interesting.
Man, I was glad I managed not to break these. I was going to have to take good care of them.
I considered wearing them back to study hall--I was curious whom Mr. Crothers was affiliated with--but he'd probably confiscate them. I'd have to come up with a ruse to wear them around, but not now, not when I'd just figured them out.
I returned to my study hall seat and pretended to do bio homework. Of course stupid Jericha couldn't have put the HUD dossiers into normal-looking glasses that I could actually wear. I had to come up with an excuse to wear girly costume sunglasses in school, and it was November and Halloween was over already. Jeez.
The rest of the day passed uneventfully. I rode the bus home and surreptitiously put the sunglasses on behind my homework folder, held it up and looked around the bus, but it didn't work, it needed a direct line-of-sight to activate the HUD. Nervously I put the folder down and looked straight at Jackson and said, "Do these make me look girly?"
Instantly a spaghetti-mess of green lines coursed his face.
JACKSON DAVIS. SON OF BRADLEY DAVIS AND STACEY MATTHEWS-DAVIS. CURRENT STATUS: IGNORANT. DO NOT APPROACH WITH AGENCY MATERIAL.
So he didn't know anything. That was just as well, 'cause he was sort of a doof.
"Yeah," said Jackson. "Did your new girlfriend give them to you?"
"She's not my--" but I interrupted myself. "She said she wanted me to wear them around. What do you think people would say if I wore them but told them my girlfriend had given them to me?"
Jackson considered this. "Confiscate them in two seconds," he said. "Like they did with my good headphones. They'll think you take drugs or something."
"Why? Do drugs make your eyes go crazy? Do they make them spin or something?" I said.
"That's what my brother says," Jackson said and shrugged.
At the corner, I got off the bus with my own brother, Steve, behind me. We don't hang out on the bus, of course. I wondered what kinds of drugs make your eyes spin.
"Steve," I whispered as we walked up the driveway. "You're tricky, right?"
"What does that mean?" he asked.
"Can you think of a way that I'd be allowed to wear sunglasses indoors?" I asked.
"Why wear sunglasses indoors?" he asked. "Why not wait until you go outside for recess like a normal person?"
"No recess in eighth grade," I said.
"Crap."
"Gym, maybe. But what if they're really . . . strange-looking?"
"Costume," said Steve.
"Halloween's over," I said.
Steve considered this. "Hipster pilgrim," he said at last. "Thanksgiving. Get some buckle shoes, too."
I laughed. Steve was rad sometimes. We went inside and diverged to our rooms. Mom wasn't home.
I got my homework done and chilled out to tower defense games. Then bed. Sometimes if you sleep on a problem, you wake up with the answer. I read that somewhere.


Chapter Seven

Yeah, that didn't happen. Instead I had a dream of Jericha trapped in a box that was slowly going to crush her, like that trash compacter in Star Wars, and I was on the outside and there were all these buttons and switches, but everything I touched just made the machine go faster, and Jericha was screaming, and I worked faster and faster but everything was in a different language and I was expected to learn to read it before Jericha got crushed and I woke up so frustrated at myself that the entire rest of the day I felt like a failure. From the bus ride to classes--social studies and earth science and algebra 2, we have block classes--everything was about Jericha getting put in the Box, and it was about me having the solution at my fingertips, and not being able to figure it out. It drove me nuts.
I could pretend to go blind--no, it would seem strange when I magically regained my eyesight the next day. I could just walk up to people and put the sunglasses on and ask how it made me look, but I wasn't comfortable with what the answer might be. We were indoors for gym for the next three weeks--volleyball--and I didn't have time to wait around for an outdoor sport. I could hide in the bushes and stare at people--God, I just creeped myself out. Why couldn't Jericha have chosen a less obtrusive way to spy on people? Wasn't that the whole point of being a spy?
That entire day, day two of having "come in from the cold," trying to live a normal life, was a total failure. It gnawed at my belly from start to finish. The idea of wearing pink and green sunglasses in public . . . yuccchhhk. Humiliating. Jericha sure knew how to turn the thumbscrews. I guess this was her way of getting back at me for screwing up the first time around. I quietly resolved that, if I ever got back into the agency (with or without Illuminus' help) I'd do a good job at keeping Jericha on track, so she didn't do this kind of stuff to me again. Embarrassment as punishment. I hate being embarrassed.
And I realized, there on the bus ride home, that I didn't have to do any of this. I could leave Jericha in the Box and forget about spies altogether. I'd be free of it. I could do that.
And I quietly decided that I couldn't ever, ever, ever make that decision. Jericha deserved to be free, too. Free of the Obscura Agency's control, if she wanted to be. And she deserved to be able to do her job, if she wanted that instead.
Plus I had to know the full story about my parents. And they sure weren't going to tell me.
Before the "H" bus home had even reached the first stop, I put on the sunglasses, accepting that this was going to be embarrassing but important, and I stood up. I looked over the back of my regular seat, fourth from the front, on the left, and out over the dozen or so fellow passengers. With the wealth of faces and information, each face only received a brief summary.
LAURA PELLETIER. IGNORANT.
LAURA JAVON. INFORMED OF THE EXISTENCE OF SPY AGENCIES.
JACKSON DAVIS. IGNORANT.
SARAHBETH PILCHER. IGNORANT.
RYAN FARLING. PROSPECTED FOR OBSCURA JANITORIAL WORK. I snickered at that.
KELLY BLAIR. One of the Mouse Twins. INFORMED OF THE EXISTENCE OF SPY AGENCIES.
SAMANTHA BLAIR. Oh, they were actually twins, probably fraternal, since they didn't look too much alike. INFORMED OF THE EXISTENCE OF SPY AGENCIES.
MARK RAMIREZ. IGNORANT.
PAUL SMITH. IGNORANT.
Nothing that was really useful. I wondered why the Mouse Twins knew; I didn't know them at all. I think nobody does. A bunch of people knew, actually, but then I realized that all of our parents were secret agents, at least according to Mr. Nickers. Maybe some parents weren't as good at keeping their spy secrets as my dad was.
Another day over. Home. I was starting to worry that I wasn't going to be able to get it together and rescue Jericha. How do you go about planning this sort of thing out? I'm not really the plan-making type. Who can think so far ahead? Getting homework done takes up an awful lot of space in my head, and there just isn't that much room for anything else. Tower defense, maybe.
I stayed up half the night worrying. How was I supposed to find an Illuminus agent in the middle of school? Even if I found one, how was I supposed to approach them? What would I say, just, "Hey, you look Illuminusy. Can you help me rescue my friend from Obscura?"
Then it came to me. I had a Plan. Steve was going to be going to Edward Teller next year. I could have him come across the street wearing the sunglasses, and take him around the school and introduce him to all my teachers, and then he could tell me which agency they were affiliated with.
Brilliant.
I leapt out of bed and rapped on his door with my knuckle.
"Asleep!" he moaned.
"Important!" I hissed.
After a minute of grumbling, he opened the door and grunted at me in his PJs.
"I've got a plan. I need your help," I said hurriedly. I didn't want Mom to wake up and get involved.
Steve pulled me into his room and grabbed the antique wicker chair and set it opposite his bed. He still wasn't totally awake. I sat and told him the plan, then waited for him to formulate his thoughts.
"Can I see if they work on me?" he mumbled at last.
I went out to grab the glasses. Mom's door was open. It had been closed before, I think. Hope she'd just gone to the bathroom.
I came back in to Steve's room with the sunglasses tucked in my hands. He was lying on the bed, snoring.
"Steve!"
He groaned awake and rolled himself up in his bedsheets like a sushi roll.
"Look at me with these."
He took them, gave them a doubtful look, and put them on.
"What am I supposed to be seeing?" he asked.
"Green lines and words?" I said.
"Nuthin'."
He took them off and gave them back to me.
"Try it with the light on," I said.
"No, don't," Steve groaned. "Maybe I'll try them again in the morning."
I let him sleep. He looked like he needed it.

* * *

In the morning he gave it another try. He looked at me with the glasses while Mom made breakfast downstairs, but he said there wasn't anything there.
"Biometric," he said at last, handing them back to me. "It only responds to you, I guess."
He gave me a look that suggested he was starting to doubt the rest of my story, too.
So I did the only thing I could think of. I put on the sunglasses and looked at Steve, to see for myself.
STEVEN CLUE. SON OF JOHNATHAN CLUE, SR. AND PEGGY CLUE. INFORMED OF THE EXISTENCE OF SPY AGENCIES. CURRENT STATUS: INACTIVE.
"Come look in the mirror. Quick. Mom's going to call us down in a second."
I looked at myself in the still-steamy bathroom mirror. Steve stood right behind me and peered up my nose.
"Wow. Okay. yeah, I see a bunch of funny lines," he said. "What's that blinking red spot, though?"
I spun around and looked across my Head's Up Display. Distracted, I had missed the appearance of the red dot. Mom's makeup table. On the rim of her adjustable mini-mirror.
A ladybugbot.
My first instinct was to squash it, but some instinct stayed my hand. "Steve, get down to breakfast. Tell Mom I--tell her I have a splinter and I'll be down in a minute."
"Sures," he said. It's one of his funny words. He left me alone with the buzzing ladybug.
Door, shut. I got really close to the microbot and looked it in the eye. "I don't know if you have a microphone on that thing," I said very quietly. "Or whether you speak English. But your dad is Johnny Clue, Sr. And my dad is Johnny Clue, Sr. And if you can get in touch with your dad the Illuminus agent, tell him that I want to get in touch with Illuminus. I need a big favor. Okay?"
Maybe I was deluding myself, but it seemed like the ladybugbot bowed, probably the closest thing to a nod that a millimeter-long robot can manage. Wings unfolded and it buzzed out through a rip in the bathroom window's screen.
I hurried down to breakfast and was just rounding the corner to the kitchen when Steve spotted me and pointed to his face with both index fingers.
Sunglasses. I froze. Mom was bending over the fridge. I reached up and took the sunglasses off and slid them silently into my back pocket, then flipped my shirt over them. I had to remember not to sit on them.
"What's for breakfast?" I asked.
"Pamcakes," said Mom. "Have a seat."
"Let me grab my backpack, so I can check if I have all my homework," I said.
That was a good excuse. If I had sat, I'd have squashed the specs. I tucked them in my bag and had pamcakes. Drat, I still had to come up with a way to locate an Illuminus agent at school. Wearing the glasses myself. My Steve plan was squashed.
At lunch, half of the cafeteria had been closed off behind a sliding hospital-style curtain on tracks. I had an urge to peek at what was going on back there, but I restrained myself, mainly because I was afraid of getting in trouble. I sat with Jackson and Mark, who was one of The Guys, and my not-really-friend Alex from the other side of town, who was sort of a bully but who probably had good intentions at heart and just didn't know how to express himself like a grown-up.
"Why are those curtains up?" I asked over carpet pizza with shredded broccoli on it. I picked them off. Nutrition is yucky.
"God, don't you know anything?" said Alex. "They've been planning on renovating the cafeteria for MONTHS, but they can't do the whole thing at once, 'cause then we'd have to go to the auditorium to eat, and the janitor said he'd QUIT if he had to clean up the whole auditorium every day for a month. Am I the only one who knows ANYTHING?!?!"
"Um," said Mark, who shaves his head but is otherwise normal, "I thought it was just homecoming."
"Friggin' homecoming, I HATE homecoming," bellowed Alex, just too-loud enough that the cafeteria monitors had to drift closer to our table, in case they had an opportunity to shout at someone. They love that.
"Yeah," said Jackson over a giant mouthful of his mom's homemade spaghetti. "Aren't they just making the big posters?"
"It doesn't MATTER what they're doing," Alex said, attracting the attention of the rest of the monitors, so that we were practically surrounded by teeth-clenching attack-dog grown-ups. "Homecoming is for GIRLS."
"It kind of is," said Jackson, squeezing CapriSun into his mouth from a distance of six inches.
"And athletes," said Mark.
"Wouldn't know," Jackson replied, gargling.
I didn't get involved, because I never knew what was going on. I didn't even know what homecoming meant.
The rest of the day felt like I was on the verge of figuring out how to put the pieces together. I was so close. I actually put the biometric sunglasses on in bio class, and when Mr. Stackpole asked me to take them off I said that I'd had an optometrist's appointment earlier that day and I had just gotten eyedrops, but he pointed out that school started at 8 and doctors don't have appointments until 9 and would I please take the glasses off and I pretended to squint and he came over and my eyes weren't dilated and he gave me a look that said he knew I was lying. I didn't even get a chance to focus on him long enough for the glasses to bring up his dossier.
So that happened.
My trickiness was gradually increasing. I could feel it. I was looking at every situation with an eye to getting my way, like Jericha did. But I wasn't there yet.
The first bell rang, which meant we all had to wait in the huge lobby for the buses to pull up and the second bell to ring.
"So what are you doing for homecoming?" someone said behind me as I headed to the front hall.
I assumed that the someone was talking to somebody other than me. Someones usually are. I'm that kind of nobody.
But the someone tapped me on the shoulder. I turned and went "huh?" because I was genuinely surprised.
It was Laura. The one who didn't know anything about the spy agencies. The one labelled "ignorant." Laura Pelletier. I hardly knew her from Adam. Or Eve, I suppose.
"Hi, Laura. What?" I said.
"I said what are you doing for homecoming?" she replied.
She wasn't hugely pretty. Just a normal-looking girl with thick brown hair cut above her shoulders, almost like that Sally-from-Peanuts haircut. She had huge teeth that looked like a policeman's badge when she smiled. I think she was in seventh grade, but she might have been an eighth grader who took different classes than me.
"I . . . don't know what homecoming is," I said. We were buffeted by a stream of people, two rocks in a river of middle schoolers waiting for the final bell.
"Oh man! I've got to introduce you to all the people I'm working on the Swim Team poster with. We're staying after to get it done in time. Come on!"
Feeling a disquieting feeling in my gut, like I was getting myself sucked into something stupid and girly, I let her drag me back through the wending ways of Edward Teller Middle School to the cafeteria. It was so easy to forget that the school was sitting on top of a secret agent training facility. It seemed so normal from up here.
She pushed past the curtain that blocked off part of the cafeteria, revealing four teams of mostly girls and that one gay guy Leo painting huge banners that covered the floor. One for the eighth grade football team (a picture of some popular jock with a big chin and a football helmet), one for the basketball team (for some reason they were painting a Lisa Frank unicorns-and-rainbows picture with a basketball player jumping through the middle. Again, girls.), one for the hockey team (a picture of the wizened face of the school janitor, I don't even know why), and a pretty neat picture of the swim team jumping off a cliff into the Chesapeake while wearing BASE jumping parachutes and goggles and water wings. Someone on the swim-team-poster-team must be a pretty good artist, because it actually made sense. Like, the swim team was diving into the bay. I decided that if I didn't get to be a secret agent, I'd join the swim team. With fans like these girls, it couldn't be totally bad.
"So, what's going on, Laura?" I said, kind of lamely. I was looking for an angle, something to help me save Jericha.
"This is--" and she named everyone around her. I didn't remember a single name a second later, she talked so fast. Her finger flew from person to person; the girls looked up from their cans of paint and smocks and gave me a wave. I waved back, trying haphazardly to pretend like I was interested in being there. "Wanna help me do the ocean? We need to make it look really . . . watery. Swim team. Let's go!"
My hand sort of allowed itself to get grabbed. Laura dragged me down to the grotty cafeteria floor. I tried to smile at her. She was halfway between a bunny and a hyperactive puppy, personality-wise, and she handed me an apron that smelled like sparkles and glitter, a housepainting paintbrush, and we got to work.
I got blue paint on the floor and on my jeans right away. (Not my secret agent jeans, I'd hid those in the back of my closet in a ziploc bag on the off chance that I never got to go back and needed a souvenir that still smelled like secret agent facility). Laura showed me how to wipe off the extra paint on the edge of the can. I felt like a dope--not only was I a lousy secret agent, I couldn't even apply blue paint right. What a loser I was. But Laura was completely oblivious to anything other than the sheer excitement of supporting the swim team. I don't understand fandom at all.
Almost the whole bottom half of the poster was water. Some artist girl I didn't remember the name of was painting over the first layer of blue with whitecaps and highlights while Laura and I got the bottom half ready. We were working on a wavy, uneven base layer that would highlight well. I found my waves kept getting tighter and smaller and closer together the further along I went, and the paper sometimes went rumply with thick walls of paint. Funny how you can get absorbed by physical activity and wind up zoning out of everything else.
Done. We got to the bottom edge, and now we could wait for the tempera to dry so what's-her-name could touch it up, all artsy.
Laura and I sat back and looked at a reasonable picture of an ocean. It got better fast, too, and all my obsessing over my too-narrow wavy brushstrokes didn't matter anymore.
"So what are you doing this evening?" said Laura.
Wow.
Okay.
Let me get this straight.
A non-pretty girl I hardly knew, who was probably a year younger than me, and who was definitely not Jericha White, was asking me out.
Okay.
Wow.
And again, I totally considered the possibility of forgetting the Mission and just going on a date with this girl. She was okay. And then I remembered my dream of Jericha in the Box, remembered the screaming, and got tricky.
Trickiness is very important.
"Did you . . . want to do something?" I asked, trying not to feel manipulative, because I was definitely not going to kiss Laura if we went on something like a date.
"Omigawd, I'd love to!" she said, clapping and staring at me with a giant smile. "We're all going to Panda Garden tonight. Wanna come?"
I had a very real hunch. No, it was a Hunch, the serious kind. I had a Hunch that I could use Laura to find a way to rescue Jericha. Yes, I know that sounds mean and sinister. But if I was going to be a secret agent someday, for Obscura or for Illuminus or whatever, I needed to be sinister sometimes. Sinister goes along with being tricky. To me it does, anyways.
"I'd love to come," I said, feeling guilty but trusting my Hunch.
We waited for Artist Girl to finish painting the water, then another unnamed girl of the gaggle got out her cell phone, powered it on (you're not allowed to have them on during school hours) and called for a ride to Panda Garden. Mom and Dad won't get me a phone yet.
We all got out to the parking lot, leaving the poster on the cafeteria floor to dry, and waited as a white SUV pulled up. Feeling vaguely like I was invading somebody else's private space, I climbed into the pristine, odd-smelling car with the gaggle of girls and sat in the middle row next to Laura. The paint on my jeans was dry and mostly wiped off anyway. I'm not an ogre. The seats were leather and dark gray and springy.
The girl-who-called-her-mother's mother talked the whole way to the restaurant, saving me the trouble of having to pretend to care about Laura, or talk to her. Man, I was starting to creep myself out with my sinister trickiness. I didn't like who I was turning into. Anyway, the girl's mother talked about an opera she had attended, and about her work with children's theater, and never seemed to notice how her daughter kept scowling and rolling her eyes and staring sullenly out the window at the increasing blackness of the mid-Atlantic evening. From the sound of her voice, the woman hardly seemed to notice us at all; she was one of those people who talk whenever they have an audience, and probably sometimes when they don't.
But when we pulled up in front, and the girl's mom said, "Jump out and let me find a parking space, and I'll come in with you, sweetie, so we can keep talking," that was the big last straw.
Gathering her anger together, the girl faced her mother and wailed, "Mom, we don't even want you to come in. I'm here with my friends and none of us like you and this is a big night and you're ruining everything. Just give me your credit card."
A venomous silence from the front seat.
"Don't I get to be your friend anymore?" the girl's mom said.
"You're my mom," the girl snapped. "That's what you get to be."
Another hurt silence.
A credit card appeared and was snatched from a sad hand. The girls piled out of the car; Laura and I shared a raised pair of eyebrows. I held open the Panda Garden's heavy wood door with the brass dragon handle like you're supposed to do, for girls, and we went inside.
The front hallway was paneled darkly, with a real stone floor. A rack of local jobs newsletters. A gumball machine. One of those temporary tattoo dispensers. Red lanterns. The rich smell of General Tso's. Chinese food is the only food that tastes as good as it smells.
A guy not much older than me in a white button-up and black pants seated us at a glass table surrounded by plastic-wrapped red seats and handed out gold-tasselled menus. Shamisen music wafted through the room. I opened the brass corners of the menu and started examining. I don't like spicy food, so I kept an eye out for telltale chili pepper icons. What I do love is the fried stuff you get in the pu pu platter.
"So what are you getting?" Laura asked.
"HEY, LAURA!"
That wasn't me. Obviously. That was some dudebro from the way other side of the restaurant. Laura grimaced. "That's Shawn," she whispered. "He's on the junior basketball team, and we had Parks & Rec soccer together once, and now he thinks we're . . ."
"HEY LAURA COME OVER AND MEET MY FRIENDS!"
"Would you come with me?" Laura asked me. "He can be really pushy."
I stood and we made our way through the booths and around the Vietnamese waiters with huge platters who run the restaurant, to where a seventh grade travel basketball team was celebrating a victory with egg foo young omelettes and steamed rice.
"Who've you got?" the kid Shawn said.
"This," said Laura, "is my new boyfriend, Johnny. Johnny, meet my old friend Shawn."
I wanted, right then, to point out that I wasn't actually her boyfriend, but it seemed out of place.
"Skinny," said one of Shawn's teammates.
"Yeah, weren't you dating her?" another teammate said to Shawn.
Laura recoiled. "I never dated Shawn." Like he was a pool of gloop.
Shawn took a minute to snarl and punch his buddies and act macho. Then he turned to me and said, "Hey, Johnny. You're skinny. I bet you could fit into a mascot costume."
Shrug. "Probably. Why?"
"Well," said Shawn. "Me and the guys were saying. We've been taking turns being the Rowdy Dawg during games. Whichever one of us is on the bench that game? But we need someone to be the mascot for the homecoming rally, so all of us can be on stage at the assembly at the same time."
And it all came together. My Hunch totally paid off. I had an in.
"Is it one of those big-head costumes with eyeholes in the mouth?" I asked, wondering whether the sunglasses could get a read on people through the mesh grille of a mascot costume.
"Yeah. Wanna do it for us?"
"Well," I said, "only as a favor to Laura. Any friend of Laura's is a friend of mine."
"What are you doing?" Laura hissed.
"Didn't you say he was a friend?"
"Oh man," said Shawn, "would you really do it? That would be a real solid. Look, just meet us at the gym ahead of the assembly on Friday."
Feeling tricky, I said, "okay." I gave him another shrug, mostly for Laura's benefit, because obviously she didn't introduce me to this macho creep for me to do favors for him. But she didn't matter. It all suited my purposes perfectly. I now had a way to scan the whole school at once for signs of Illuminusity without being spotted.
I spent the rest of the evening talking with the group of girls and eating puffy fried sweet and sour sauce-dipped chicken fingers. The other girls were pretty cool, but Laura had turned on me. She thought I was some kind of wimp and weirdo for helping Shawn. I didn't care. It got her off my back, so I could relax and talk to all these other girls like we were buddies. It turned out the angry girl with the chatty mom was named Beth, and her older brother had been swim team captain, and we had been on chess team together when I was in sixth grade, and we wound up being good friends. She stole some of my sweet and sour chicken with surprisingly nimble chopsticks, and I stole some of her General Tso's with a fork. After the waiter in the white shirt swiped her mom's card, she called her mom and we all got dropped off one by one at houses big and small around town. This ride, her mom didn't say anything. Not a word.
In front of my house I jumped out of the SUV and said goodbye to Beth, secretly hoping I'd see her again.
The driveway was silent, and the elm tree in my front yard seemed hooded with leafless fall, its long bare trunk ragged, and the miniature sycamore beside it seemed like kelp swaying underwater. It was a moody night, the kind where menace hugs the ground and seeps up into the world around you. Thrilling, actually. I had it all sorted out, and I'd get to rescue Jericha at long last. It had been only four days since I had last seen her.
I'd got my hand on the handle of the sliding side door, which you have to use once Mom's thrown the big front door's six locks, when something leathery wrapped over my mouth and pulled me aside. My feet flew out from under me and I fell flung flop flying into the bushes.
A black glove. A heavy arm. A familiar arm--
"Dadmmmmmf!"
"Quiet. If I'm discovered here there'll be trouble. If you can walk without making a sound, then follow me."
Faster than I could follow, Dad glided across the backyard, jumped and disappeared.
As quietly as I could, I made my way toward the spot I last saw him. From thin air a hand appeared and motioned for me to follow. Walking forward one step at a time, I smelled motor oil and then tapped my head against something that wasn't there.
"Take my hand."
Lifting me up, he pulled me through something metallic into the double-seated cockpit of an invisible jet. A surprisingly simple panel of gray circular readouts greeted me. I even recognized the altimeter. Between the seats was an ergonomic steering post with steering wheels branching off.
I turned and looked.
Dad.
The plane's windshield visor shut over us with a click. I was opening my mouth to speak when he put a finger to his lips, grabbed my lower jaw and shoved something metal into my mouth.
"Don't panic."
My jaw was pried open against my will. It was an old-fashioned dentist's prop. It made my teeth feel nasty, like they were going to crack apart against the steel.
Dad took out a horrifying surgical-looking device and a scalpel.
"Don't. Move."
Man, having my dad hold up a scalpel to my face was not what I had been looking forward to after Panda Garden. A sharp pinchy gooey feeling in my mouth. The surgical thing, coming closer, then jabbing.
A tiny microchip left the interior of my face, held up like a piece of chicken on the end of Beth's chopsticks. Dad opened a metal box shaped like a jewelry case for a wedding ring and deposited the microchip inside, closing it with a snap.
"Now, what is it you needed?" he said.
I didn't even know where to begin.
"They bugged me."
"Of course they did, don't be thick. How else do you think they knew what information you were leaking to your brother?"
"How did you know . . . what they knew?" I said.
"I said don't be thick. Now. What. Is it. You needed?" he said, taking each word deliberately, like I was a stupid child.
"My partner. They've put a bomb inside of her, and they're torturing her, and I'm really close to finding a way to get to her but if I rescue her and get her out of the Obscura Labs the bomb will go off."
"Where's the lab?" he asked. "Quickly."
But something tricky stirred in me. I wasn't going to answer quickly. It might be very bad to leak the location of the lab--after all, Jericha kept talking about what a big secret it was. Instead I slowed down and considered Dad's question. As far as I knew, Dad was on the enemy side. Illuminus. A double agent. But I was consorting with the enemy already, wasn't I? Should I share all my information with him, or would I get brownie points for staying tricky?
I said: "Will you be able to get the bomb out of her?"
For maybe the first time in my entire life, my dad gave me a real, genuine smile. A big smile. A tricky smile.
"Yes, I can get the bomb out, Johnny Junior."
"You've never called me that before," I said with a creeping, unsettled feeling around my spine.
"I've never met you before. Not in person. Not yet."
"You're not my dad."
The words just barely got out of my mouth, pebbles down a hill. And then I realized: "My real dad was a robot!"
The man I was looking at burst into real, heavy-cream laughter, deep baritone and contagious. The words were pretty dumb, I decided, and I laughed along with him, embarrassed.
"Feel." He slid his white shirt up his sleeve, revealing a veined wrist. I put two fingers on it and felt his pulse. The man who looked exactly like Dad smiled at me.
"You were triplets," I said.
Grinning laughter changed to chilled frosty shock in a second. "Triplets?" he said, and grabbed my shoulders and pulled me close, not angrily but intensely. "Triplets," he repeated.
I had given away an important secret. I didn't know yet whether this was a good thing or a very, very dangerous thing.
"You're the third Johnny Clue Senior I've met so far," I whispered up at him.
"Third," he said, turning away and fiddling with his watch and cufflinks, almost as if he were nervous. But I figured it was probably just spy stuff I didn't know about yet.
"You met a third one of us. Your father and who else?" he said.
"I shouldn't have said anything."
A strong hand wrapped my shoulder. "Johnny Junior. Listen to this. Any of us, anyone on Earth, can die at any time. It's part of being alive. When you die, all the information in your head dies with you. If you have information that matters, that truly matters to another human being, information that can change a life forever, then please, Johnny, don't hold it back. Don't ever let a vital truth die with you. Share it. Let the truth infect the world like a virus. Please tell me who the third me is."
Eyes of deep brown, eyes so familiar and yet so foreign, met mine. "Are you my uncle?" I asked.
Again, the tricky smile.
"Yes, Johnny Junior. Biologically speaking I'm your uncle. Call me Ivan."
I took a snorty breath, the kind you take just before you can't hold back a cry any longer.
"Under an empty room in the sub-basement of the Obscura Labs is a sub-sub-basement filled with super gross cans of food. There are two people living in the filth down there. They look exactly like my dad and mom, like you, but they dress like cavemen and speak a made-up oog oog language. I don't know who they are, but they called me their son. The Obscura people got really mad that I found out about them. I think I'm for real not supposed to know about them--like, I don't think it was part of my training or anything."
"Will you tell me where the labs are? You don't have to, but it may give me the opportunity to meet . . . a twin brother I didn't even know I had."
"Under the middle school, through a secret door in the principal's office."
"Johnny Junior?" Uncle Ivan said.
"Yeah?"
He gave me a hug, then sat back and looked me in the eye again. "Thank you. Really, not in a spy way but truthfully. Thank you."
" 'welcome."
Uncle Ivan pushed two fists together, then steepled his fingers, then rubbed his hands on the back of his head, thinking.
"Here's the plan. I'm going to stay in the area. We're going to have to put the bug back exactly where it was, inside your face, so the Obscura people don't get suspicious." He paused. "Is that okay? It will be essential to rescuing your partner. Nothing will put Obscura on lockdown faster than finding out you've located their bug. They'll assume you had professional assistance. Which you did."
"It's okay," I said. "You can put it back."
"Good. I'll meet you one block south of the middle school. We need a code for you to say when you get her out. It has to be something you'll never say by accident, but can easily remember. So. What's your least favorite food, something you'd never ask for in real life?"
"Pastrami. It tastes like spicy throw-up."
"Perfect. When you've gotten your partner out, or need a hand along the way, say 'I want a pastrami sandwich' three times out loud, clearly. I'll tune in to your signal and send whatever resources I can."
"You're going to be listening to everything I say?" I asked uncomfortably.
He rolled his eyes. "Johnny Junior, something you're going to have to get used to is that you're not going to have any privacy in your life. Never. But hey. Say it into . . ." He fumbled around in the area behind the cockpit and pulled out a smartphone and pushed some buttons. "Say it into this now, and I'll set my phone to alert me if it hears it again, okay?"
He tapped the touchscreen and held it out microphone-first.
"I want a pastrami sandwich. I want a pastrami sandwich. I want a pastrami sandwich."
Another tap. My voice played back at me, asking for a yucky sandwich.
"Perfect. We'll meet one block south of the school. Look for something that isn't where it's supposed to be. I'll be ready for major surgery. Okay?"
"Okay."
Uncle Ivan gave me a football-player slap on the shoulder, a smile, and then a big hug.
"I'm glad to finally meet you, Johnny Junior."
"You too, Uncle Ivan."
The bug nestled back into the cut inside my inner cheek; Uncle Ivan squeezed a tube of something that looked like toothpaste and tasted like bug lotion. The cut stopped tasting like blood right away, as if it had started healing already.
He popped the windshield visor open and I jumped down into the night.


Chapter Eight

Morning. It was homecoming, finally. I was hours away from finding and meeting my Illuminus contact, or maybe an Obscura double-agent contact, who would get me through the snot-green cabinet door in the principal's office with the tools I needed to rescue Jericha, finally finally finally. It occurred to me that I could have asked Dad--I mean Uncle Ivan, I need to stop making that mistake--to find me a contact within the school, but if he didn't know that the middle school was the Obscura Labs, it was unlikely that he knew anyone inside the school. Anyways, after all my trickiness I wanted to prove I could complete the Mission that Jericha gave me with the tools I had available. That felt especially important. I wanted to prove myself to her, since I'd screwed it up the first time around.
Near the end of the day, I told Mr. Stackpole the bio teacher that I had to help out at the homecoming assembly, and he gave me another dirty look, like he didn't believe me, the way he didn't believe I'd had an eye exam. I felt like reminding him that I'd had the only perfect score in the class on the first test, and that I read the textbook passages for my biology worksheets instead of just looking up the answers as I went, but instead he just sighed and waved me off to my mascothood. No pun intended. Hood, get it? Nevermind.
Shawn and the guys were standing in the triple-length gym where the assemblies are held. Bright glaring banks of overhead lights made the maroon bleachers look like the steps of a Mayan temple; the irritating orange-colored wood everywhere else made my eyes hurt. Luckily the sunglasses would cut the glare of the gym while I pranced around in my stupid costume. I couldn't understand what kind of crazy person would want to do athletics in a gym.
But hey, I had a pair of almost-magic sunglasses in my pocket--I patted them to remind myself that they were still there. I had spent the day worrying so much about forgetting them that I finally tied a string around my finger to remind myself. The sunglasses were still there in my pocket, the way they were the first four times I checked.
A man with a square jaw and a few thin strands of comb-over hair, like an elderly Marine, came over and presented his catcher's-mitt-sized hand to me. I shook it, and he practically tore my hand off my forearm. I vaguely knew him as Coach MacGregor. He wasn't the real gym coach, he just coached the eighth grade varsity basketball team.
"So you're here to support the basketball team, fella?" he said genially, with a John Wayne half-grin and a strong Midwestern accent.
"Uh, yeah. As a favor," I said.
"You haven't really got the build to be a player, but you could have a full-time gig as mascot if y'wanted," the coach said. He really did sound like John Wayne.
"It's just a favor," I said, feeling like I was shrinking. I can't get comfortable around huge men who look ready to push me over if I say the wrong thing. Which always makes me panic and say the wrong thing. Vicious cycle.
"Sure, sure. Can ya do some basic mascot moves?" he asked, clenching his jaw as he spoke.
"Like what?" I said.
"Dunno, there's the dancing back and forth, the flying splits, backflips, the pointing at the crowd to make them say 'wooo,' all that kind of stuff," Coach MacGregor said.
"Yeah, I can do that."
"Here's the costume. Go ahead and get suited up, pardner, and practice a bit before the big show gets started. And remember you're here to support the basketball team, but you'll be doing the pump-em-up stuff all through the show. Can you handle it?"
Ugh. Not only did I have to attend the whole show, but I had to dance around like a wimpy loon the whole time. I said yeah and took the bundle of brown fake fur and the heavy, three foot tall, bad breath-stinking growly bulldog face to the boy's locker rooms. The outfit didn't fit over my gray hoodie, but at least I could keep my pants and t-shirt on. And underwear. I slipped on the sunglasses and fitted the head over them.
Oh, it was bad. It was bad and nasty. It smelled like generations of boys had puked into the blunt nose of the dog, and none of them had worn deodorant even once in their entire lives. It was almost worse than the tin can dungeon where my other parents lived, somewhere under my feet.
I checked the mirror and breathed a sigh of relief to see green lines forming through the fabric mesh of the mouth. It wasn't enough to get a final fix on my face, not with the double mesh in the mirror, but if the sunglasses could pick up anything of my face behind the mascot mask, I was confident it could pick up teachers' faces and stuff.
And the mascot costume actually looked pretty cool, and I hoped that nobody would figure out it was me. Jackson and Company would never let me live it down if they found out.
Basic mascot moves.
There in the locker room, alone, I tried a few things. I found that the feet of the costume were skid-proof like those short scuffy-bottomed socks you get in hospitals, but the pads were so worn away that they weren't totally immune from slipping. You had to choose your moves, and then get ready, and then make sure you landed on the scuffs. Jump, do some dumb move like the "Y" from YMCA, land on your scuffs. I tried a backflip and felt the mascot head slip off. Something flappy struck my chin; it was a chin strap with a bunch of snaps. Feeling more or less lucky to have found this out ahead of time, so the head didn't fall off in front of the school, I snapped it on and felt ready.
Yes. I was ready to make a total, ultimate fool of myself. I closed my eyes, thought of Jericha, took a deep breath, considered pastrami, and stepped out into the gym.
"Lookin' good, pal," the coach called out. It looked like the hockey team had joined the basketball team. We had about twenty minutes before the second-to-last bell would ring, and they always called pep rallies right after the bell. I hate people who call me "pal."
Cartwheels. Jumping jacks. Funny how your friends--or "friends," I wouldn't call those basketball guys my real friends--forget who you are once you put on a mascot costume. It's not like Halloween at all, where you still know that Dracula is actually Jacksula with white facepaint and fangs, and Hannah Montana is really Hannah MonSamantha in a blonde wig. Mascots are different. Subhuman. They're not real people. They're me trying to balance my giant wobbly head as I scissor kick-backflip and land it. Yeah. Nobody was looking. Nobody even cared.
Green lines.
I aimed my sunglasses and began analyzing people. The teams were hanging out talking; one kid was shooting hoops and swishing every one. So I hung around, saw the coach--
BRUCE MACGREGOR. FATHER OF JENNY MACGREGOR. CURRENT STATUS: KNOWN DOUBLE AGENT. DO NOT TRUST WITH AGENCY BUSINESS.
I didn't know if that meant he was working for Illuminus or what, but I wasn't sure, so I crossed him off my list. And good riddance, guy who called me "pal."
The sports guys milling around came up as mostly ignorant. No dice. But the bell rang and people started filing into the gym in shambling, waddling groups of twenty-five, and I went to the entry doors and did jumping jacks while my sunglasses did their work.
One ignorant person after another. One or two people who were "informed of the existence." The weirdest thing was how nobody noticed it was me in the costume. I mean, sure, most of the people I knew thought of me as a bookish, quiet kid with no muscle or coordination, so I bet a lot of them just figured I was one of those nameless athletic kids from the other side of the school. Secretly? I was hoping I wouldn't have to pretend I was a nameless athletic kid for very much longer. Hanging out with the basketball guys was just hideous. I didn't even really want to join the track or swim team. Athletes are boring as heck, unless you know how to use nunchakus or sais or something. Then you're pretty cool.
The filing-in turned into a torrent of people, and the torrent of people was much harder to scan. I had to break people into groups so the green lines could finally resolve into complete faces.
First, feeling mortified, I tried going up and down the lines of people dancing a booty dance, hoping people would stop and look. They didn't. It was just a mascot being a stupid mascot.
Next I tried getting in the way, cutting right through the line, right next to Meghan Ware whom I sat next to in second grade Gifted and Talented. Scan complete: IGNORANT. This method seemed to work, so I profiled people one at a time, face to face, until . . .
"Dude, is that you?"
Jackson. I was doomed. I was going to die of negative popularity forever.
I did a cheerleader pompom wave and hissed, "if you tell anyone, I'll scratch all your video games and put spiders in your lunch."
For a split second I thought he was going to shout out to the whole school that it was me, but in the end he said, "you lose a bet?"
"Girl," I replied.
"Got it. Go be a cheerleader."
He was a good guy, even if he was a doof, but I remembered I knew both of that already.
"Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to homecoming!"
It was Mr. Stackpole, whom I had really started to dislike, even in bio class, but who had the kind of big voice that makes you a good announcer for a sports event. Maybe that's why he let me leave class early--because he was a fan of homecoming, but not eye doctor visits. Oh well.
The big pep rally was all the usual stuff. First, the eighth grade football team. Our school usually came in second in the state, since Praetor High always came in first. The cheerleaders unrolled the crimson and silver banner reading 2ND PLACE CHAMPIONS and I did a backflip to celebrate, feeling increasingly like I was never going to willingly participate in a sporting event ever again for the rest of my life. I mean, Jackson knew that it was me in here, and I just knew that word'd get out eventually. Total humiliation.
Next, the four giant team posters were hoisted up the walls by guys in crimson wrestling onesies for some reason. Then the basketball team came down from the bleachers, and that Shawn guy gave me a fist bump, and I felt smug that Laura would be having a mini-conniption, since she thought I was going to be her boyfriend except she didn't ask first, so forget her anyways.
A list of names was called, and the athletes lined up along the center of the polished wood-orange gym criscrossed by those dotted basketball lines that probably don't mean anything. I had to get in front of them so I could identify people. But getting up in people's faces as they stood in line seemed dicey; they might identify me, instead. But then I had it. I went all Drew Carey and started a whole "come on down" thing, waving the athletes down from the risers and identifying them with the sunglasses as they strode past. Almost everyone was IGNORANT, DO NOT INFORM, and everyone ignored me, although one girl from the girl's hockey team pushed me over as she went by. What is it about people and being violent to cartoon mascots? I back-somersaulted and jumped to my feet, making some fightin' Irish boxer punches at her. Her name was GWEN BLEDSOE, SCOUTED AS OBSCURA ENFORCER. I didn't know what an "enforcer" was, but it probably meant pushing people as you walked past them.
The pep band came out, and I managed to get a quick scan of more IGNORANT people as I trotted backward like an excited dog--an excited Rowdy Dawg, that is--ahead of the one single marching majorette our school had, RAE ROLLINS, INFORMED OF THE EXISTENCE, who may be the only goth majorette ever outside of that one Green Day video from the 90s.
And then it was over. It was over, and the kids were shuffling out in a huge traffic jam. A few cleverer kids who'd packed their bags from the cubbies already--our school district didn't believe in locking lockers until high school, 'cause of guns I guess--burst out through the gym's external doors into the sudden sunshine. I retreated to the guy's locker room, unsnapped the dawg head, lifted it off and got hit by the scent of marginally fresher locker room air. Breathing in the cologne-smelling, soap-crusted, sweat-tinged odor of the lockers--and duh, the athletes got locking lockers, but the students didn't-- I realized something. I couldn't re-emerge without the whole school knowing it was me who'd been dancing around. Unless I wanted the whole world to know I was a mascot, I was stuck in here until way later, when the gym was cleared of people.
Wooden benches, planks really, were bolted to the floor. I sat and changed back into my school clothes. There was no towel to wipe my face off with, and sweat had run through my t-shirt and jeans until they were soggy. No wonder the costume smelled so much like sweat. I pulled my shirt off and wrang it out.
Yet again a big realization arrived. I had failed. I didn't know anyone from Illuminus that could get me in to Jericha. I had failed her and now she'd be stuck in the Box forever. It was day five and I had failed completely at everything I had ever done. I was a failure.
Coach MacGregor, the guy who called me "pal," brought his gigantic square-jawed face around the corner, spotted me and ruffled my hair. What a creep.
"Hey, Champ. Let me tell ya something. I'd say you're about the best mascot this school ever had."
I gave him a look.
"Naw, I mean it. You might even have athletic potential. Have ya thought about trying out for gymnastics?"
Green lines. I'd forgotten I was wearing the glasses.
BRUCE MACGREGOR. FATHER OF JENNY MACGREGOR. CURRENT STATUS: KNOWN DOUBLE AGENT. DO NOT TRUST WITH AGENCY BUSINESS.
And I thought: last chance.
I pulled the sunglasses off like David Caruso, folded them and tucked them into my shirt.
"You're a double agent," I whispered.
Coach MacGregor's whole affect changed in a second. He whirled, his blue eyes blazing, checking the whole locker room for I-didn't-know-what. After ascertaining that nobody was around, MacGregor grabbed me by the throat and flung me back into the nearest locker. A ragdoll. My shoulders shuddered against the locker door, and my butt left a dent in the locker vents, and the steel handle left a dent in me.
Coach MacGregor advanced.
But I wasn't helpless. I kipped to my feet and took a balanced judo stance. My sweat-soaked jeans were like fishing sinkers around me, but I had full range of motion from the waist up.
Taking another peek behind him, MacGregor put a hand to his belt buckle and withdrew a short triangular blade. His hand closed over the short handle and now he had a spiked brass knuckle to fillet me with.
" 'oo sent you?" he snarled with a new Cockney-sounding accent. "Wot d'you want wif me?" He sent a wide swipe with the blade my way, and I took his wrist and pulled him forward, angling his center of gravity so he stumbled.
"Stop attacking me," I hissed. "I need your help to break into the lab."
"Wot is this?"
Coach MacGregor shuffled back, holding the blade at me, flicking his eyes to the door and to the corners of the room, looking for some kind of trap.
"My friend wants to--" and I was about to say defect to Illuminus until I realized I was being monitored by a bug implanted in my mouth and I squeezed my eyes shut, cursing myself, wanting to run--
And then I got tricky.
"My friend wants to see the facility. I told her about it and she said that if I didn't prove to her it exists that she'd tell the New York Times about them and if she does they'll kill me. And I found out that you might have a way in and I don't want them to kill me. Please, I just need to get past the hydraulic door and back out again with her."
MacGregor gave me a discerning look, mashed his mouth in consternation, nodded and shoved the knife back into his buckle.
"Gave me a right turn, y' did." Then he reactivated his coaching persona and said, with the John Wayne and without the Jason Statham, "Awright, pal. You keep my secrets and I'll keep yours." Wink.
"Thanks, Champ," I replied, dropping out of judo ready position. "Should . . . should I just leave the mascot costume here?"
"Who is she?" Coach MacGregor said suddenly.
Think quickly--
"Beth," I said. "Beth Enslow."
"Find her. Quickly. Bring her to the front office. I'll talk my way in. And don't spill any more secrets, Tiger."
"I won't, Cap'n," I replied.
He gave me a look and chuckled. "God, I hate this job," he whispered. I ran off to find Beth.

* * *

I might not have found her. That was strongly on my mind as I ran out through the crooked entryway of the locker room. Most people had already left the gym, and the lettered buses were just starting to pull away. It wasn't impossible to postpone rescuing Jericha, I thought, but it would take much more talking and much more work than if I succeeded in tracking Beth down and taking her to MacGregor. Also, I wanted to rescue Jericha from the Box, and in another two days she'd be out already and I wouldn't get to impress her. Impressing Jericha was very important. Almost as important as trickiness.
But Beth was right there in the gym, a few dozen yards away from the judo fight I'd just had, helping to roll up the four sports posters. I don't know what they did with the posters afterward. Send them home with someone or keep them in a closet or hang them in the appropriate locker rooms or maybe burn them?
"Beth!"
Laura spun and looked at me first. Her toothy grin turned into a scowl and she ignored me, her bushy ponytail flicking away from me.
Beth, on the other hand, smiled brightly and waved and said, "Hey, Johnny. Want to help?"
"No time. Can you come with me to the front office? I need a favor."
All the swim team fangirls looked at me like I was crazy, but Beth was awesome and shrugged and said sure.
"You need a ride?" she asked as we walked away across the gym.
We were still in earshot of the others, and I didn't want to reveal too much, so I said yeah.
The sunlight through the wall of square windows was blinding, the kind of orange light you get in November, slanting through panes blocked out by a grid of brushed aluminum. I turned to Beth as we walked and decided she needed to know what was going on so she could act appropriately.
"So I don't actually need a ride," I said. She gave me a look from under a curtain of hair. Really pretty, actually, way more my type than Laura. "So there's a . . . place under the school that I need to get into," I began, acutely aware that I was being eavesdropped on. "And one of the gym teachers has the key." That was a careful lie, because Beth would recognize MacGregor as a gym teacher, even though he wasn't technically one. I wanted to protect MacGregor, whom I had started to like. "But I had to make up a lie quickly and so I said that you wanted to see it? Is that okay?"
"What's the 'it' that we're talking about?" she asked.
"It's . . . a secret," I said uncomfortably. I didn't want to broadcast my plans to Lucia Rocketry and company.
"So you're going to show me your secret?" she said flirtily, bumping my hip with hers.
"Play along. Say you want to see what's down there," I said, bumping her back.
The front hallway. Old, stained high-traffic carpeting, the big steel bulldog-at-a-desk-in-a-mortarboard-hat statue. The principal's door, propped open with a door wedge. At our approach, the sound of a scuffle. All the kids had gone out the big front doors or the gym doors, and the principal's hallway was deserted.
Coach MacGregor had Mr. Fox the new principal pinned against the desk with some kind of arm-twisting hammerlock. A set of keys were spread out like a copper wheel on the desk.
"Two four eight four," MacGregor gasped.
Beth did not seem particularly surprised. In fact, she didn't look at all surprised. Picking up the keyring, she flicked keys until she found the right one--how she knew it was the right one I couldn't imagine--and unlocked the green steel cabinet. How she knew the green cabinet was where we were headed I had no idea either. I realized I had never scanned Beth Enslow.
As the lock turned, revealing the block of 70s era Star Trek computers, I turned to Beth Enslow and said, "Who are you?"
"I'm being trained as an Obscura statistician," she said. "So I've been down here before. Why are you coming down here? You don't seem like the secret agent type."
"I talked you into coming down here with me, didn't I?"
"Yeah, why did you talk me into coming down here?" she said, opening the gray door to the smelly staircase, which seemed to have been treated with a fresh coat of weird odor fairly recently. "Oh, I get it," she said, locking the door behind her and skipping down to the first landing. "Wanna make out?"
Whoa.
"Wow," I said.
Beth was wearing a layered purple v-neck girl shirt over a light blue t-shirt--why do girls wear so many shirts?--and a denim skirt. She had long dark hair that hid the sides of her face and a smile that was much less girly than Laura's toothy grin, and more like she knew way more stuff than you did.
I had to stop and think really really fast whether I was Jericha's boyfriend, or whether I was just her partner. It's the kind of question I would have liked to actually ask her, rather than guessing, but there was no time. After the Laura fiasco, I figured that unless a girl and I actually agreed we were boyfriend and girlfriend, it was probably better to assume we were just friends. Or partners. But not BF/GF.
Beth licked her lips and looked at me.
"I do need to get into the labs," I said. "But . . ."
She grabbed me by the t-shirt and I kissed her.
Then . . .
"Two four eight four." We were on the bottom floor, facing the back of the janitor's closet. Beth got her cell phone out. It was the same sleek white model as Jericha's. The closet was exactly the same as it was before, but this time I resolved not to trip on the bucket.
"There might be a whole bunch of people waiting for me on the other side," I said.
"Why? What did you do?" said Beth.
"I might be in a lot of trouble."
Hydraulics permitted the wall to glide into the floor. There weren't a whole bunch of people waiting for us.
There were only two.
The smug, smiling face of Lucia Rocketry blocked the fluorescent light, casting a shadow over us. Her high arched eyebrows, prim cupid's bow lips, deep tan, and executive-styled jumpsuit were all more threatening than I remembered.
Beside her was Jericha.
Jericha was not herself. She was different. Way, way different. Her smile looked watery, her eyes looked watery, and her mouth quivered like an I-beam held up by too-thin wires in a strong breeze. She crossed her legs and hugged herself with shivering arms. Her posture was awful, like she was a slumped-over pile of magazines. Inside of her, something was badly wrong. You could just see it. You could almost, and I know this doesn't make sense, you could almost feel the bad feelings coming out of her, the way Luke Skywalker felt the Force.
Ms. Rocketry had done something to her. Tortured her. Turned her into a zombie, or worse, a slave.
"Congratulations," Ms. Rocketry said. "You've passed the test."
"You g-get to join us now, J-Johnny," Jericha hiccuped.
They stood side by side at the top of the yellow striped elevator platform, framed by the intense fluorescent blue-white light of the Obscura Labs. Jericha was shivering despite the perfect climate controls. Lucia's smile twisted and she said, "What a good boy. We have just the reward for your hard work, Johnny. Jericha? Take him to the operating table."
Like a broken robot she shuffled forward and took me by the left arm, but I was ready. I said, "Jericha, I found my dad! Come and meet him." Beth stared at us as I took Jericha by the left arm, where the blue poison bomb was, and pulled her back out through the janitor's closet and up the stairs. "We'll be right back, Ms. Rocketry! I just want her to meet my dad."
As we turned at the landing, I saw Beth sprinting after us, holding up the keys, and I remembered she'd locked the door behind us, which was going to cost us some time. Jericha was having trouble climbing the stairs, as if her legs were jelly, and I wondered whether she'd gotten zapped with those sticky electric pads. She was practically dead weight, but I pulled her up the stairs as hard as I could, expecting that Rocketry would be right behind me. 
She wasn't. She hadn't followed.
"Beth, quick, unlock it," I said. A step ahead of me, she had already found the right key. But I guess she wasn't so good at stressful situations, because the keys jumped out of her hands and spun across the landing and down three steps before hanging over the edge of a fourth.
"Johnny, she's going to kill me," slithered out of Jericha's mouth. "I'm not exaggerating, Johnny," she whined, bouncing and scratching her bomb-arm.
I got the keys and Beth flicked through them again, her hands unexpectedly shaking. "What did you two do?" she said as she scratched up the doorknob trying to fit the key in. I steadied Beth's hand with mine, and she looked up at me, and Jericha looked at us, and AWKWARD but Beth slid the key in and we got through to the ticker-tape computer room, which was dark as a haunted house and twice as noisy. The green cabinet was shut, and as we traversed the brief room Jericha started twisting out of my arms.
"What? What's wrong?" I hissed, pulling her out toward the principal's office.
"She'sgonnakillme, she'sreallygonnakillme, Johnnylook Johnnylook, she's killing me," Jericha said, convulsing.
In the darkness of the computer lab, three red lights were lit up in her arm. Two of them were solid, and the third was blinking. They shone through both her skin and through the white fabric of the uniform.
"If it gets to zero I'll die, Johnny I don't want to die, I really don't want to die she's going to kill me Johnny don't take me through that door, Johnny it's blinking, let me go back we'll be okay we just have to do the job and we'll be fine, JOHNNY LET GO OF ME I'VE GOT TO GO BACK JOHNNY PLEASE--"
"I need pastrami I need pastrami I need pastrami," I said quickly.
"What does that mean?" said Beth. "And what's wrong with her?"
"Help me get her two blocks north of Edward Teller." That was a lie--it was really one block south--but maybe it'd buy us enough time to get through to Uncle Ivan and his major surgery tools.
"Um, okay. Did I just get myself into deep doo-doo?" Beth asked.
"Johnnyyyyy let me Johnny let me go I'll pinch you--"
"Almost definitely," I said.
Coach MacGregor and Principal Fox were gone; the principal's office was deserted. I hoped I hadn't lost MacGregor his job, since I'd decided he was a good guy.
"Johnny it's blinking faster!"
Jericha was getting hysterical, and I decided we had to get her out as fast as possible. Where was Uncle Ivan? He should have gotten here by now. The statue of the bulldog in the graduation gown and cap loomed over us as I pulled Jericha out by her underarms. Beth held the door open and we got out into the evening.
"I want some pastrami I want some pastrami I want some pastrami!" I called into my mouth bug. The buses were long gone, the late buses for detention had sent their felonious occupants to their very disappointed parents, and I had no idea which way was north and which way was south.
"JOHNNY IT'S GONE OUT I ONLY HAVE TWO LEFT JOHNNY LET ME GO!"
"Which way is north?" I hissed, dragging Jericha along Oak Street beneath a canopy of autumnal trees who were considering whether to shed their leaves this year.
"Sun sets in the west," said Beth, jogging beside me. Jericha was backpedaling and kicking as I hurried her out toward the green streetsign where Seventh intersected Oak. A few dreary cars basked in driveways. The moon was already out and was split in half, light and dark.
At the corner we deduced where north was, doing a lot of pointing, and I went the opposite way.
"Didn't you say--" Beth began.
"Shhh," I said.
"Oh I see. You're a tricky one."
It was then, and only then, that the front doors burst open and the sprinting forms of Lucia Rocketry and Mr. Fox the new principal appeared. Behind them were a waffle-patterned cloud of quadcoptor drones surrounding the floating visage of the man with the glass-covered skull and robot arms, whose dour foreign face was displayed on a flatscreen tablet carried by a pair of drones. The drones angled down and flew straight at us like square bullets. Beth squealed and covered her hair with both hands as she ran.
"I want a pastrami sandwich I want a pastrami sandwich I want a pastrami sandwich."
Something buzzed in my mouth, a bee stuck in my lower jaw, and the buzzing amplified and tickled my face as I got Jericha turned around to run.
"Johzzzny. On my wzzzzay," I heard through the bone in my skull, tickling in a nasty way. I guess the bug they implanted in my jaw didn't have a good speaker system. But I had finally got Uncle Ivan's attention.
"Younk man!"
The flatscreen showing the floating cracked head of robo-hand-guy began broadcasting loudly. We made it across the street, but the quadcopters were quickly gaining. I remembered they were faster than I was, even inside an underground maze.
"Younk man. End your foolishness! Ve would like very much that you should come back and to be secret agent with us. Younk man you jeopardize your future!"
I wasn't listening, and Jericha seemed to have gotten the memo and was sprinting alongside me, gripping her forearm with a clenched hand, covering the red lights, her head down, giving it everything she had. For some reason Beth was keeping pace with us, I'm not even sure why. Why was she giving up a promising career as an Obscura statistician to follow us?
But that wasn't what I was thinking about. Other than a boiling little stitch in my side, what I was thinking was how would I find Uncle Ivan inside an invisible jet? But then I remembered: he told me to look for something out of place. In a whole crowded Washington city block of apartments and gas stations and row houses and stuff? How? Worried. Panting. And Rocketry was an Olympic-class athlete, and she had longer legs than us, and she was gaining.
At the end of the block I grabbed Jericha's elbow and changed direction into the mass of row houses. "Up!" I shouted. I leapt to the top of a stoop and from there, flung myself up panther-style to a line of balconies. I got a hold of an iron railing and pulled myself up. There were going to be a lot of big jumps, but with these muscles I could take care of it. But Beth . . . Yeah, she had wisely stayed on the ground, following below us. I shouted to her to take two left turns, hoping she was tricky enough to realize I really meant one right turn. But after that, I was sure Rocketry would cotton onto my code of opposite and half the number. She was definitely tricky enough.
The jumps between the almost-identical row house balconies weren't as easy as they looked. Jericha followed me across the gaps between the wrought iron railings, but we had to pause, bend and spring each time. Landing a six-foot jump made my ankles throb each time, and worse each time, too. Not all the balconies had ledges to land on outside their iron railings, and some of the railings had spikes at the top which were hard to pull yourself over. Others had curling tops, and you had to go out and over them, crawling up like a circus acrobat on a spinning wheel of death.
The first quadcopter roared up just behind me. Risking a glance over my shoulder, I caught a glimpse of the handcuff-bolts that were poised to drag us back to Obscura slavery. I made the next balcony leap, but stumbled, distracted. It was a good thing I stumbled, too. The handcuff ricocheted off the brick floor of the balcony, just past my hand, and wrapped around the wrought iron railing. The stupid quadcopter spent a few seconds trying to pull the railing off before recalibrating and trying to reel the cuff back in. But the cuff had latched onto the handrail, and the copter attached itself to the balcony and sat there, vibrating and whirring angrily. I remembered the drones couldn't detach their handcuffs by themselves. One down.
But the stumble had also cost me time. Jericha was a balcony ahead, even though she didn't know where she was going, and as I catwalked up the balcony railing and over to the next, I heard, "Johnny the next light went out! Where are we going? Is there a plan?"
"There's a plan! We need a better vantage point!"
"Roof!" she called back.
One of the row houses had both a flagpole (with a flag of a collie puppy smiling in bright colors) and a tiny gray satellite dish. I called out to her to get up it, but Lucia Rocketry, who had been running on the ground beside us, began mountaineering up the side of the brick row house, her limbs switching places like a spider as she pulled herself up the rough brick surface. Glancing down, all I saw were knotted back muscles coated with sweat, coming up toward me.
"Boost me up! Fast! It's blinking!"
I put out my hands. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Beth make the right turn around the block, just as I hoped she would. Jericha's shoelace loop got caught around my two cupped hands, and I shouted for her to wait, but she was panicked and made the jump.
But all those days practicing martial arts had paid off. Instead of pulling her back to earth, I felt a cold icy clarity and pushed off with both feet, springing after her and sliding my hand out of her baggy shoelace as if I'd been sliding hands out of shoelaces all my life. I even gave her feet a boost on the way past. She caught the flagpole, pirouetted around it and got her mini-sized sneaker on top of it. From there she hugged the satellite dish and was on the roof.
I dropped back lightly to the balcony to find the buff, powerful arms of Lucia Rocketry wrapped around my neck like an industrial press.
"I have some very unpleasant things in mind for you," she whispered in my ear. Handcuffs shot at me from all directions and latched up and down my arms, locking tight. "You're not ever going to see sunlight again," she hissed, her fingers infiltrating my hair and pulling. She smelled sour, like the inside of the mascot head, and her flanks were wet with sweat and shaped like a leopard's body. It was a hot autumn day. "Did you know that the electrical generator on the operating table has other uses, too?" she said sweetly. I pulled on all the quadcopters' chains, but I had barely been able to slow down one of them at a time, and there were six attached to me. Fingers touched my cheek, and I couldn't lift my arms to push her away. "And you're not going to be sedated this time. Get ready to spend six months of your life examining my displeasure."
In a better world, some action hero would have showed up just then to save me. I was totally expecting Uncle Ivan to leap over the roof, or for Beth to appear and pull out a stun gun, but instead my body was dragged, immobile, to the edge of the balcony and over the flat-banistered iron railing. Cantilevered out, I looked down at the grass-lined street below.
What happened next is that the screen door to the balcony opened, and a man in a plaid bathrobe came out and said "Heyyyy" at the sight of a woman in combat gear with a team of drones. A sweaty, powerful hand wrapped over my mouth and Rocketry said, "Washington PD, terrorism investigation unit. Sir, get back inside immediately." And the man mumbled incoherently and shrugged and shut the screen door, and I was dead weight as the team of quadcopters slid me over the edge of the balcony and lowered me down to the strip of grass between the street and the sidewalk with Lucia Rocketry hanging off me.
For one quick moment I saw Beth peering around the corner of the row houses, and then she was gone. Lucia Rocketry pressed her face against mine and, with lilting, contented tones, whispered, "propofol and sodium pentathol. My favorites." And I was stung in the hip with a needle, and I was gone.

Part III


Chapter Nine

Okay. So this is Jericha talking. I'm going to be telling the rest of the story, so just get used to it, okay? It starts like this. I slide down the roof toward the townhouse's backyard, way ahead of the last copterbots, because I'm awesome like that, and the jump over the gap to the next house? Ain't nuthin'. I'm already up the shingles to the peak, where I get a big IMAX panorama of the inner courtyard.
The row houses don't go all the way around the block; part of the courtyard connected to an alley where cars can come in and park, and the other half is park--hey, why are those the same words? Who parks in a park? Anyway, doesn't matter. On the far side is gas stations and a mini-grocery store and stuff, and there are Dumpsters lined up in the back of them. For a minute I didn't know why Johnny had brought me here. And, I mean, y'know, I'm big enough, I can admit it: I was scared, okay? One red light left before I die. I was scared. But death, it's just a step in the next direction. That's my philosophy. I can handle death. Death's got a fat goose egg on me.
I slide down a loose branch like a kid surfer, and dry leaves rip off as I land in the park. Adrenaline's pumping, so time feels like it's slowing down, like it's bullet time. I've got room to maneuver.
Like I said, for a minute I don't know why Johnny would've brought me to this courtyard. For a minute, I start running down the alley toward the street, but that's wrong. Johnny told me I needed a better vantage point, but I've gotten scared and I'm panicking and I've lost my trickiness. And that's the worst. But from down here on the asphault, there are a million handholds back up to the connected rowhouse roofs. As much as I hate backtracking, and I do, because I always want to go forward, I know it's important to follow the Plan. A Plan is just a Mission with extra ketchup.
So I do the rope-climb up the drainpipe and squat on the roof, looking for whatever Johnny has planned.
A guy's walking through the park. He's middle-aged, business suit, good posture. A red squirrel chitters at him, those floofy ears. For a minute I get distracted because the last red LED light starts blinking faster, but I get my mind off that pretty quick. But the minute I do, the businessman is gone.
High-Density Visual Scanning doesn't turn anything up. That's where you use spy training to unfocus on any one detail--you have to sort of shake your head back and forth to escape the tunnel vision--and aim for getting as much big picture information as possible. It's easy to miss big things when you're focused on details.
Sweet nuthin'. Instead I flip over to a different frame of mind. It's what that swearword Looch calls the What's Missing Scan, where you look for what's missing from the scene, duh. And that's when I spot it.
There's a Lucy van Pelt from Peanuts mylar-aluminum balloon in the park. That's normal, and that's why HDVS didn't turn anything up. But when I flip to What's Missing, I nearly flip, myself. The balloon isn't rising and it isn't falling. But it's not connected to anything beyond a short piece of ribbon. That familiar, bossy cartoon face is hanging in midair. Which means there's something fishy.
I slide down the drainpipe to the concrete, dash to the grass, checking my six-o'clock and my Y-axis for copterbots, and head flat-out toward Lucy, letting that quavering smile and phony-innocent dotty eyes fill my vision. She's gonna pull the football out from under me, I know it.
The last red dot blinks faster.
I stare at Lucy, getting my move on.
If I make it in time, I live.
If I don't, I die.
As if the whole world is trying to hold me back, I run. Like a movie that's shot on a handheld camera I run, rocking my whole body, trying to get as much speed as humanly possible. From the periphery of what must be one of those invisible jets, the man reappears, his business suit clearly a disguise.
With every ounce of strength I have I rip my white sleeve off. Permanent burns from the Box line my arm, and I see the poison cylinder glowing faintly blue through my medium-well-done skin and I shout, "Hey guy, I'm gonna die. If you know how, fix me quick!"
And I feel the tank of high-powered poison start to squeeze the muscles in my arm and around my ulna and whatever the other armbone's called, and then



Hey! Jericha said she'd be finishing the story. Why are you paying attention to me? Nobody ever pays attention to me.
Well.
I'm Beth.
I hardly expected to be interviewed during my defection to Illuminus, because frankly I didn't expect I'd BE defecting to Illuminus. I was quite happy at Obscura. I had a career all lined up. For the rest of my life I could have had a good job doing what I love, which is statistics and actuarials, finding out the probability that anybody's going to die. Or of any event happening, really. I'm the best in the world at it. Better than Nate Silver. I don't even feel proud saying that I'm the best in the world at it. Best is just how I am; it might as well be my middle name. Beth Best. Best Beth. Enslow.
Anyway.
That Johnny, who is nothing if not irrational, changed everything for me. If he had been anyone else I would have calculated when he'd die and then tell him. So that for the rest of his life he'd know when he'd die, and his life would become meaningless.
But he's Johnny, so I won't.
By the way he dies in ten and a half years. I don't know if you wanted to know that or not.
So I don't like physical activity. It bothers me. In a perfect world, I'd be nothing but a floating brain in a tank, doing all my calculations by remote control. Maybe someday. But I'm getting chased, which is not something I appreciate. In fact, it's downright rude. You know what I want? I want minions. Minions who can do my running for me and can knock enemy bots out of the sky. Maybe giant robots. Or boys. I don't know.
I'm already around the block when I become aware of the fact that Johnny and that girl aren't following me anymore. Everything ought to be where it's supposed to be. That's how I feel. And given that I'd cracked Johnny's childishly simplistic code, the least he could do is be where he said he'd be. But he isn't. He's busy getting himself caught. And where is that crazy Jericha girl? Vanished completely. I hate that.
I take a minute to calculate the best course of action. All the bots have latched onto Johnny, so I'm safe from them for a minute at least. I press my back against the brownstones and give my body a chance to stop causing me problems. Lungs, heart, legs. All finicky.
My brain calculates that locating Johnny's father, like he had mentioned, would probably be the likeliest course of action. I really do think about it that way, by the way--your brain is just a computer, and you can use it to calculate things the same way a computer does. But I know that Johnny really was planning on meeting someone because he gave me fake directions, but they were really specific. They pointed somewhere. So it isn't just that he wanted to lead Rocketry et al in the wrong direction. He had a place he was going. Which means that somewhere in this block there's a person I'm supposed to meet. Probably a man, although if Johnny were cleverer he'd have created his little double-reverse code ahead of time and would have said something like, "I'm going to meet a twelve foot tall woman," although that might even have raised more eyebrows. No matter.
The brownstones--the rows of bricks are all offset by half an inch, and there's one brick which is cut to the wrong length by a full 7/8ths of an inch (seeing people getting things wrong really bundles my Internet)--anyway I jog past the misshapen houses and across an alley driveway to a second, shorter row of those squeezy houses. Suddenly I freak out--what if Johnny's informant or dad or whatever is inside one of these houses? I'll have to knock on the houses of strangers, one by one. That's why I was never a girl scout--I would absolutely seize if I had to go door to door selling strangers those fattening cookies. Unacceptable.
Luckily I spot that Jericha person dropping off a roof into the courtyard and then climbing back up. Helpful to me, going on the assumption that she and Johnny are in this together--without me, I might hastily add--because she's more likely to know where to go. Obviously this girl isn't good at planning ahead. Because she climbs back down a second time. Those robo-bots are absolutely not following us now. Thank frogs for that.
Given that I'm not being noticed by anyone, I figure I might as well stay out of sight and watch what's happening. And oh my. A man appears quite out of nowhere. It's like he stepped out of another dimension. There must have been something in the way of the man which refracted light away from my eyes. An invisibility cloak, maybe? File that thought away for later.
But the girl runs toward him and shouts that she's going to die. But it's obvious--I mean, painfully obvious--that she's wrong. The actuarials all point in another direction entirely. I can do that in my head. Without my tables it's harder to be exact, but you can get the gist just from practice. So I'm not at all worried about her. What I am worried about is Johnny, who's in trouble from Rocketry, a woman whom one prefers not to be in trouble with. I've never gotten into trouble with her because I don't DEAL with her. She only manages secret agents, not us statisticians. Also I'm well-behaved and sweet and innocent.
The girl stumbles and falls. The man rushes forward, scoops her up and they both disappear into thin air.
Yes, I know how improbable it sounds.
Since I found the man I was looking for, and since he's preoccupied, I decide the best course of action is to wait for him to re-emerge. No, I'm not being cowardly. Why would you think that? I knew that if I should want to return to Obscura I could always claim to be an innocent captive. I play innocent really well.
What I don't expect is a GIANT METAL ARM swinging through the air like an athletics stick (baseball bat, field hockey stick, jai alai flinger, what have you) and grabbing me around the waist. I dislike motion, I find it to be gross. Given how much automobile rides stress me out, just IMAGINE how I'd react to getting pulled through the air into some kind of shrunken metal compartment.
UN-ac-ceptable.
From the other side of the steel wall beside me come a series of very unpleasant screams. The outer compartment door shuts and I'm trapped. I don't mind small spaces, but I do dislike getting grabbed. If this robot wanted me to get inside of it, it could simply have asked.
The screams are Jericha's, and I consider the possibility that the man is hurting her--in which case I would have SPRUNG into action--but upon reflection I believe it more likely that he is saving her life, given that that's what she asked him to do, and also that he's likely to be the man Johnny brought us to meet. See how easy it is to calculate the correct answer? I search the compartment but there isn't a way out of it on any side. It is, if I may speculate, rather like being in the luggage compartment on a cross-country bus. Not that I've ever been inside of one. Don't be ridiculous.
After quite a nasty feeling of acceleration, during which I carefully ponder the contents of my stomach without ever quite puking, I find myself clearly lifting off the ground, like in a helicopter. There isn't that violent shaking you feel on a commercial flight where you're going over the ground first, though, nor are there the big fans that would mean this was a hovercraft. It's a jet. Maybe a jump jet, although I'm not positive what that means. You can tell it's a jet because there aren't noisy propellers. Nearly silent and very powerful. I decide I like the jet and trust the man flying it, so I lay back and relax.
Blinking, I stretch and wake up and find myself lit up by a sunset. Which means that I'm not in a sealed-shut compartment anymore. Something's changed. An inner door is open, and there's a blue plastic surgical sheet spread over the cockpit, and oh yes, it's covered with splattered blood. There had been some VERY unprofessional surgery going on in here. Inside a jet. Which, I realize, is still in the air.
The man is looking at me.
"Who are you, anyways?" he says, crouched in the cramped backseat of the jet, holding what looks like a pair of bolt cutters covered with blood.
"My name is Beth Enslow, statistician in training," I reply.
"Who was that boy you were running after?" he asks. There is a look in his eye.
I'm not always good at looks-in-the-eye, but I can tell this man knows what's going on--he seems the knowing type--so I go ahead and assume I'm being tested on my agency knowledge. He's probably wondering whether I'm just a total bystander.
"That boy," I say, "is my friend Johnny Clue, Obscura adjunct agent-in-training." Just enough to inform him of my knowledge of current events, so he'll feel comfortable sharing information with me. I don't give anything more away about myself. Plausible deniability, it's called.
It is, of course, the right answer.
"Welcome aboard the S.S. Clue Sr.," the man says.
"Why, you really are Johnny's father," I say, pleasantly surprised.
"Uncle, actually. Long story."
The man smells of professional cologne. He's a spy, not a doctor, but a very decent spy, I think to myself. He looks like he belongs on television, on soaps. Clearly I was right to like him.
"Where's that girl Jericha?" I ask.
The blue sheet flies back, revealing a very, very mangled arm.
I feel no shame in explaining that I do not care for blood. Blood is for vampires, not statisticians. It's one thing to see it . . . just around, I suppose, but another to watch it squirt into an otherwise white bandage. Waking up several seconds later, I'm pleased to find that Jericha is no longer visible. Frankly I like her better out of sight.
The jostled blue sheet reveals several more implements and a metal bucket. In the bucket is a strange object. I pull the bucket toward me, but Johnny's uncle draws it back. I peer in anyways.
Circles of steel are bolted together like the end of a ray gun. A glass tank inside is lit up by a white LED light. Inside is the last of a deep blue liquid.
As I watch, the steel rings squeeze together like an accordion, and four thin streams of blue liquid shoot out. Then it relaxes. It's a beating heart full of poison. The bottom of the bucket swishes full of the blue liquid.
"I tested the concentration. The first minute's worth of poison would have caused dizziness and sickness. The second minute would have put her to sleep. The third would have killed her. But there was enough liquid for ten minutes' worth. I've been trying to figure out why they'd put so much of it inside of her. Less than a third of this amount would be lethal," Johnny's uncle says.
"So it could be used more than once," I say. "I bet they'd shut it off after she fell asleep during the second minute. Then they could use it five times."
Johnny's uncle takes a wooden tongue depressor and uses it to flip the bomb over. I point out a spiral of wire. "That's where the transmitter is," I say.
"Clever. Fiendish, too."
"You're from the enemy agency, aren't you?" I ask him.
"Enemy agency . . ." he mutters. "That's one way of looking at it."
"It's unreasonable for there to be three Clues. You, Johnny and his father," I say.
"I live in Russia. Call me Ivan."
"When are you going to rescue Johnny, Ivan?" I ask.
"Why, what's wrong with him?"
I roll my eyes. "The Obscura Agency," I patiently explain, "has got Johnny. They've handcuffed him a number of times to horrid flying machines, and I have no doubt that the nasty woman has him in the labs, doing gosh knows what to him."
"Drat. I'd counted on . . ." Johnny's uncle exhales hard. He seems a very good man, but not as bright as I had expected at first. But then, nobody really is. "I suppose we'll need to . . ." He's making plans in his head that he isn't telling me. I can guess what they are, though.
But I have my own plans at this point.
Pulling myself into the cockpit, I sit looking away from the mangled body of Jericha. I say, "You know there's more than one entrance to the Obscura Labs, right?"
"Please don't move or be alarmed." Johnny's uncle leans around the back of the chair and grabs my mouth. I do NOT like that a lot, but then I realize he's checking me for bugs. I open my mouth for him. Doesn't find any of course. I removed it myself shortly after they installed it. That wasn't a pleasant afternoon at all, but it had to be done. There's a limit to how much surveillance I'll put myself through.
"Now," he says, removing his chunky man fingers from my mandible, "what's this about other ways to get in?"
"Oh yes," I tell him. "Think about Dracula. When the villagers come rushing into Drac's castle? Drac runs out the back. Every secret lair has a back door, no matter how well-defended the front one is. And, obviously, it will be less well-defended, because it's an EXIT, not an entrance."
"Do you know where it is?"
"Well, if it were me, I'd put it in the elementary school across the street from the middle school."

* * *

Banks of lights flared on. I lifted my hands and felt my wrists catch at short heavy chains, just like before. My arms were over my head and weren't going anywhere. My shoulders hurt. Handcuff marks lined my arms. The light overhead was blinding. I was completely naked.
Lucia Rocketry.
Looming over my head, smiling without any human spark in her eyes, her blue-latex-gloved hands unwound a series of paired black and red wires, then a series of belt-like straps and white pads.
A scarf wrapped over my eyes and then I was blind.
Sounds swirled around me. Buzzing from the overhead lights and the sound of Ms. Rocketry breathing. Smells: The sour reek of her sweat--she hadn't showered since capturing me, obviously. The chemical odor of plastic wires. A distant whiff of cleaning agent. Nobody said anything. As I began to come around the rest of the way, I started to think about how to talk my way out of this.
The sound of snaps.
Clammy cold against my skin. There was something squishy on the pads, slimy. Straps tightened around my arms and legs, with the plastic pads under them, several pads per strap. Two, three, four straps for each leg and arm. I didn't like being naked, but honestly that was the least of my problems. I remembered she told me I'd be here for six months. I hoped Jericha and Uncle Ivan would rescue me as fast as I had rescued Jericha. But even just six days of being electrocuted didn't really sound like fun.
"Please don't do this," I said, the same way they do in all the horror movies. "You don't have to do this," I added helpfully. I was hardly even thinking the words; they just came out. There must be something deep in our brains that makes every horror story victim say that. I guess that's what I was, right now. A horror story victim. I had no idea how weird it was to be blindfolded.
Only footsteps, sounding hollow against the hard floor below me. Another strap tightened around my right bicep.
Then a nasty, nasty sound, a sizzling electric sound, switched on.
"Pain level one," Rocketry whispered in my ear.
All my muscles clenched, just a little, without my being involved. It made me feel much more powerless than just being chained to the table. She had total control over my arm and leg muscles. Zapping them made them squeeze. It didn't hurt, but it felt like I had hands squeezing all over me.
"Pain level two," she said, and the squeezing became a pinching.
"Pleasestoppleasestoppleasestop," I murmured. I didn't really expect it to have any effect; my lips just said it automatically. It didn't have any effect.
"I think we'll start you off on pain level three," she said, and the pinching got worse and made my brain fizz with this indescribable static. "And . . ." Rocketry whispered, putting her hand on my chin tightly. Her hand was still warm, and chilly sweat stood out from it and made my chin cold. I waited to see what she'd say. She didn't.
From just behind my head, the sound of metal squeaking on metal, like a . . .
Like a vise, closing on my head.
She stuck a pair of earbuds into my ears and then the vise jaws caught the sides of my head and squashed my ears and I couldn't turn or move my head.
"Welcome to your re-education. Lesson one. I will not disobey Lucia Rocketry. I will not disobey Lucia Rocketry. I will not disobey Lucia Rocketry. I will not disobey Lucia Rocketry. I will not disobey Lucia Rocketry. . . ."

* * *

Jericha again. Hi. I can't believe this giant cast that Junior's dad put on me. I mean, look at it. It's the size of four jumbo foil-wrapped burritos put together. And the blood? Yeah, nobody cleaned me off before unloading me from the invisible jet. It's gotten into all my clothes--I mean, yeah, it's only my Obscura suit, but it was MY Obscura suit, and now it's ruined. They ruined my suit! And I'm on some kind of dipsy drug that makes me feel woozy and like crap. I guess it's better than feeling whatever the bone-cracking thing did to my arm, but still. Junior's out there right now and we've got to save him!
"Do you have any kind of underground radar or anything that'll let us see the layout of the labs?" some other girl said. Who was she? Vaguely familiar, is what she was, like I'd seen her face on a milk carton.
Oh wait. No, it's coming back to me. I totally saw her put her hand on Johnny's hand. They were holding hands. Don't think I don't remember. I will totally have to do something about that. Johnny belongs to me. But that's for later.
"No, I don't have anything like that. The plane goes invisible. That's all it's really equipped with." Johnny's dad talking.
"I KNEW you had invisibility. I calculated it. So. We should just head in through the elementary school ASAP. I doubt they've changed the codes to the doors."
"And if they have?" Johnny's dad says.
"Then we trick them into letting us in. Or blow up the door, I guess. We need to rescue Johnny."
Listen to her. This other girl. She thinks she loves him. It's just chemi--
Oh no. What if the way I feel about Johnny is just chemicals, too? What if this was Obscura's plan all along--to get me to break into the labs and then they'll lock the doors behind me and then they'll have me AND Johnny? Forever? Just because of some stupid pheromones?
Groaning, I just lay back on the metal table. My cast feels like a brick arm. I'm going to have a broken arm for weeks. Maybe months.
Someone comes into this aluminum room. Who's this guy? He's wearing a mask over half of his face--a single giant goggle, bright purple circular glass, covering his right eye like a robo-monocle. It's attached to his nose, somehow--he's got his nose bridge pierced a bunch of times, and the googly eye is held up by the bridge. He reminds me of that German skull-brain creep with the big hat. Who are they? Cyborgs?
One-Eye leans over me and holds up a tablet computer.
"Can you see? Nod for yes." He's American, Baltimoreish accent. Southern, but not from the Deep South. Probably local.
Why not play along? I wonder if he's with the good guys. I wonder if there ARE good guys. I'm on some kind of metal table like Looch's operating table, but there's nothing keeping me here. There's even a good pillow, fluffy. I nod for him. Playing along. Feeling groggly.
"You . . . are Jericha White, Probationary Obscura Agent," the man says, perusing his tablet. I nod again. "You have several options, Agent White. We can let your arm heal normally, if you choose. We can provide rapid healing, with some potential side effects, if you prefer. Or we can provide you with one of a pleasant variety of body augments in exchange for an official declaration of desertion from the Obscura Agency. This doesn't mean you have to join the Illuminus right away--it'll be enough for you to reject the influence of Obscura. What do you prefer?"
"Sssside effffects?" I murmur. 'Cause no crazy google-eye is going to turn me into a robot without giving me more info. Or, for that matter, am I gonna let him surgically insert anything into my arm. I've had more than enough evil machines in my arm already.
And another thing? I wasn't sure about getting rid of Obscura. I mean, obviously I want to. But they're not all bad. I can do what I'm told. I have to, I have to do what I'm told. Lucia's my boss. I didn't really mean what I said, that she was a cussword. I will not disobey Lucia Rocketry.
I don't want to go back in the Box.
"Rapid healing is made possible with an injection of fast-mutating stem cells into the affected area. It will quickly regrow bone and blood vessels and close off the wound with new skin. The downside is that there are no guarantees that the body will re-form in the way you remember--with our current technology, there's a rare possibility that the bones will grow out of control, turning your arm into a solid spiked ball of bone, what we call the Morning Star Effect. This will require rapid amputation. Another possible side effect is too much muscle, causing the distinctive Localized Schwarzeneggar Effect. Both effects are very rare. The latter is temporary, if treated. A more likely effect is temporary insanity and uncontrollable rage. That occurs in about 75% of patients."
"Hwww lnnng?" I murmur.
"How long will it take for the stem cells to rebuild your arm? Less than a day. But even with painkillers it will be very . . . unpleasant."
"Drrr it."
"Sorry," Purple-Eye says, "didn't quite catch that."
My mouth feels like squishy mush. I lift my good hand and clear away a layer of goo from the corners of my mouth. My tongue is sandpapery, stiff. I suck on my tongue until feeling comes back into it.
"Heal me. Fast."
I close my eyes and Bugeye is gone.
An hour later a plastic medical machine is wheeled in, a tank hanging from a frame, like an IV drip designed for the X-Men. They cut my new cast off with an electric circular saw, and I see why it was so big and heavy: Johnny's dad had to basically rip my arm open and cut my armbones apart. I wish they'd put me to sleep, but Bugeye McPurple tells me that general anaesthesia will just make the temporary insanity worse. A male nurse puts his hand down on mine and presses hard so that my arm wound opens up all the way. Then he sprays the arm with a spritzy spray bottle full of numbing solution, assembles what I swear is a tattoo gun and begins tattooing every inch of the bleeding interior of my wound. Bones, flesh, everything. I can't feel it. I've never gotten a tattoo, but it probably works the same way. It's really weird to say this, but I can't stop looking. My head is propped high enough on the fluff pillow that I can look straight down into the red meat of my arm, and I can't look away. I have to watch. My flesh moves, throbs, and that means I'm still alive.
They wheel the machine away. My arm lays wide open. Somewhere, a fan in the wall sucks air out of the room.
And then the crazy crazy cray-cray starts shooting around in my skull.
It's like . . . dude, you don't even know. It's like there's a million zillion little mes in here, each of us the size of my pinky, and each of us is flying like Superman around the room. Then one of them bounces off the walls and goes straight into my face and kinda takes over, shouting crazy talk with my mouth without moving any other part of my body. Then it leaves and I have a second to myself. Then another insane mini-me lands on me and I start shouting again, going, "Woo woo, yow, *screech*, boom, pow, yow" at the top of my lungs. Then it ends and I'm me again. For a minute.
It. Is so. Embarrassing. I just know that the other girl, the one who came down to the labs with Johnny? Is going to hear me.

* * *

What I hear is this Jericha girl making wild animal noises. They echo up and down the hall. Dr. Peabody had told us this might happen, but I take comfort in knowing that I will never make the sort of bad decisions that lead to my producing animal noises. I am a proper young lady.
 Johnny's uncle is content with being called "Ivan," but I am dissatisfied. Ivan just means "Johnny" in Russian, and it sounds aggressive and pushy to me besides. I don't think the name suits him. He doesn't even have a funny accent. Anyway, I've suggested an immediate strike on the labs, but Ivan Clue thinks we should have Jericha on hand, since she's explored more of it than either of us and since she chose the rapid healing and will be ready in some hours. My opinion? I think he's hiding something. I can tell.
This Illuminus base--which looks mostly like a country club, at least this part of it does--is underground, but for the life of me I don't know where. I don't know whether we had been circling Bethesda or whether we went all the way to Baltimore or even to New York. All I know is I never felt the plane bank or yaw, so we presumably went in a straight line, and we--I'm processing back to how Johnny and I figured out which direction to run, cross-referenced with which direction the plane was traveling when I was so rudely put inside of it--were headed east. But that would put this base in the Chesapeake, which we clearly are not under. Unless it's an amphibious plane, and an amphibious base? Or we could be in Delaware, I guess, although I seriously doubt it. I'll need more information.
Wandering the carpeted floor of the Illuminus base, I'm struck by how different it looks from the Obscura base. They don't have all those big science labs out in the open here, they're behind doors. And it's carpeted in place of those polished white floors. The walls are dark wood paneling, like a hunting lodge. It's a place designed for human beings. Obscura is made for überbots. They feel like two halves of a whole rather than different agencies. Like left brain and right brain. I wonder why they exist at all.
That Dr. Peabody with the purple biotech eyepatch comes by to tell me it will be at least eight hours before Jericha recovers, and I might as well get some sleep. He shows me to a wood-paneled room, the kind that looks like it ought to have antlers on the wall, and presents a fluffy full-size bed and tells me the bathroom's across the hall and the cafeteria's down it. The agencies really are so different.
In the morning after seeing to my hygiene, I find Jericha in the cafeteria. Her arm looks fine and she isn't acting kooky. She and Ivan are discussing strategy over bagels. It looks like they just sat down seconds before I came in.
"We don't have a way in. They've definitely changed the codes. They change it every day," Jericha says, smearing far more cream cheese on her bagel than is respectable.
"Is there another way in? Beth said--here she is." Ivan waves across the cafeteria. I pour Kix out of a giant glass tower and lift a metal lever for milk. No spills. Nice plastic spoon. All better.
"What we need," Jericha says with a mouthful of bagel, "is an explosives expert."
Ivan and I share a look. I'm not good with looks. I imagine that his look might be all about the idea of setting off explosives in a public school, whereas my look is expressing distaste for people who talk with their mouths full. Faces are inscrutable. I've never been able to scrute them properly.
"Jericha, you and Beth wait here. I'll see what I can manage."
Kix. Crunchy crunchy. A little gross, but in a reassuring way.
This Jericha person is looking at me.
"So," she says in a distinctive tone of voice--I'm not always good with tones of voice either, so I can't tell what she means. The cafeteria seems to be roaring with voices, too, even though the tables are set far apart. Acoustics. Distracting. I like quiet better.
I'm eating Kix. I nibble at them, very dainty.
"So you and Johnny," Jericha says with her mouth full of bagel.
Oh, I see. That childish human emotion called jealousy. My computer brain doesn't normally register such petty feelings. I'm above that.
"Yes?" I say. I've found that to be a safe thing to say in social situations. My bowl is white with a green stripe. No, two green stripes, and a check pattern between them. One must always be precise.
"You and MY Johnny were holding hands."
"Mm?" I say.
"You were."
"Facts are facts," I say.
Jericha looks like she's about to chew a piece of her lower face off, but can't decide which part.
"You like him," she says.
"Let's talk about other things," I reply. My socks are still soggy from running yesterday, and they're bothering me. "Once your explosives expert blasts through the doors, all their security systems are going to go off at the same time. They'll be wired to detect unauthorized entry. Are you sure we want to use explosives instead of maybe an electrical expert, to rewire the entryways?"
"All the wires are shielded. Believe me, I've checked," Jericha says and shudders, I don't know why.
"What if we broke in through a sewer system?" I ask.
She gives me a look. I'm not 100% positive what the look means. "I wouldn't have picked you for a sewer-crawler," she says.
"Oh, I wouldn't climb through them myself. That's what other people are for. Agents. Like you. I just think about city layouts," I say.
"It's possible to get into the sewers, I guess," Jericha replies, giving me another inscrutable look. "But I bet there's way more security in places where people don't normally go. I bet, like, the sewers in the city all have gun turrets or electrified water. And I bet city workers need special permission to go near, so Obscura has time to turn off the security. And the sewers probably don't connect to Obscura directly."
"Then where does the lab's waste go?"
"What, like poop? Just call it that, you priss," Jericha says.
"Don't you dare call me a priss." I hate being called names, especially if they're maybe true. Only I get to decide what names to call myself.
"Fine, whatever. Why are we fighting?" Jericha says.
"Because you called me names," I say, returning to my cereal.
There's no more talking for awhile. Once Jericha finishes her bagel, she goes exploring. I'm still nibbling Kix when Ivan returns. He's dressed in a white button-up and a green tie, not tacky green but a dignified forest green.
Beside Ivan is a very distinctive girl.
She isn't very tall, and you can't see much of her face. So that isn't what makes her appearance so strange. No, she's distinctive because a metal frame is socketed to her skull, covering most of her face, with intersecting-circle panels of sensors over her eyes and nose. Two fans whir where her cheeks should be, set inside round grilles that make her look like a blushing robot, and two sets of triple camera eyes move independently where her eyes should be, making her look like a demented insect, too. A blushing demented robot insect girl. Steel tubes go around to the back of her head. Her mouth smiles like she knows a secret. I couldn't imagine falling asleep with all that stuff on my head.
They come over.
"Hello, Normal. And what could you possibly have to contribute to the world?" she asks nastily. Her voice is cold, almost as if she believes she really is a robot. How sad.
Her six eyes adjust themselves. Two of them point straight at me, while the other four aim disinterestedly at the ceiling. Her smile makes me frown.
"Hello, Strange," I say. "I can contribute plenty without having to drill holes in my head. How about you?"
"You think I'm strange?" she says, still smiling that Mona Lisa smile.
"Mm?"
A sawblade shoots forward from her head thing and buzzes just inches from my nose. I'm glad I didn't have to sneeze.
"I prefer 'advanced,' but 'Strange' will do. Just remember I can do that anytime I want. Why not be more careful with who you say those things to?" she says.
I cross my arms. "You're the one who insulted me!"
"Irrelevant. Ivan, am I going to be required to interact with this one?"
I turn away from her. First Jericha is rude and sassy, now this new girl is rude and insulting. I feel very alone and I want Johnny to get his stupid butt rescued so I can find out whether he really likes me and so I don't have to deal with these two anymore. I want it over with.
"Beth, where's Jericha?" says Ivan.
"Around. Am I my sister's keeper?"
I am sitting primly in my chair, pretending I don't care about anything.

* * *

Level . . . five. Hard to . . . think. No way to . . . move. Feels like needles going through my skin . . .
I will not disobey Lucia Rocketry.

* * *

The plan's formulated. Ivan has it arranged. The explosive expert turns out to be this . . . girl. Ish. She says I might as well call her Strange, since everyone else does. And she kinda reminds me of me? Other than the fact that she agreed to have a portable chemistry set attached to her face, permanently, which I would never do. I'm never been so enamored with any one field of spy study that I've been sure, really sure, that I'd want to do only that for the rest of my life.
But here's the plan:
1. Strange is going to break through the hydraulic doors they've supposedly hidden in the elementary school across the street from Edward Teller.
2. Even though I'm the pro at piloting microbots, Beth is going to try to pilot one with a stun gun attached, to get Rocketry and everyone out of our way. I think this is a really bad idea, but Ivan seems confident in her. Whatever. 
3. He, I, Strange, and the stun gun zap-a-mo-bot are gonna break in. Johnny's going to be either on the operating table or the--the--(Jericha just think it) the Box. If he's on the operating table, they might be torturing him or they might just have put a poison bomb in him. So Ivan's got to bring his surgikit and bonecracker.
4. If they've got Johnny in the--the Box, it has--I can't even--(calm down, dummy, take a breath) it has a timelock, which means there's a one minute window per day when it even CAN be opened. But it's the same minute every day. And that minute? Midnight. Rocketry announced it every day, so smug, even the days she didn't let me out to use the bathroom.
I hate her so much and I want her to die. If I have an opportunity to make it look like an accident--Jericha White, are you really contemplating murder?
Yes. Yes I am. 
Anyway, we'll arrive at 11:45pm, and hopefully I'll figure out how to open the Box from the outside.
5. I'm sure Ivan knows about the two people in the spy prison. He'll want me to show him how to get in to them. So unless he's planning a second break-in to the lab later, which I doubt, we'll probably need to budget time to rescue them. Ivan never actually said he's going to do this, but he's obviously the prisoner's twin and I'm not stupid. I'm not a punk. I know about family.
6. Speaking of which: I sent Shirena a message. She's going to get Mom and Dad to have a car waiting in the school parking lot. They might need to go into the Witness Protection Program or whatever afterward, but I know they'd sacrifice a lot to protect me. And I'm signing up with Illuminus anyways, and at least Shireena ought to know.
7. Exit strategy: The short answer is it's going to be all about Strange. I wonder if we can really trust her, and I wonder what all that machinery she carries around can really do.
So that's the Plan. And at 11:45pm tonight, we're going to make it happen. We have to rescue him. After all, it was me being scared that got him caught. It was the Box. It was Lucia Rocketry.

Chapter Ten

Beth Enslow, on the case.
Eleven o'clock.
Go time.
That's what cool people say in movies. I can pretend.
The outside of the car looks like one of those dinky crossover SUVs, dull blue, like a Nissan or a Toyota or something. All the windows and the windshield are nearly jet black.
But inside . . .
As soon as the doors are open, banks of panels and sensors light up. The dashboard looks more like the control panel for a 747 than for a car. Maps and video screens set into every surface show the world in all directions plus infrared and overhead and goodness knows what else. Defensive systems are activated by touchscreen, but there are metal switches under plastic covers too in case you have to defend yourself faster. There's a lot of psychology in this car. It's designed for humans. I approve of that.
Ivan tells me I'll be waiting in the car during the Mission, in the parking lot, piloting not just one microbot but a whole swarm. He says he doesn't want to take chances, but I think having me come all the way back to Obscura Labs instead of staying here at Illuminus headquarters where it's safe is pretty chancy already, by my standards anyway. Jericha says she's aces at controlling bots, but I feel very comfortable having robot minions do my work for me. It would help if they didn't need micromanaging, but Ivan says they're not autonomous yet. That means I have to work, which I hate. I hate using my body to do things when I could just use my mind.
Ivan is drivin'. Hehehe. I claim shotgun, because I'm foresightful and enjoy comfort. Jericha gets in back. She has a pair of reserve microbots in a launch canister, to signal me for help if Obscura jams my signal somehow. Ivan's surgikit and bonecutter are between the front seats. I watch that horrible Strange girl (it's insulting that she's claimed my insult as her name; that takes power away from me, which I hate) lift a half-size black duffel with circular ribbed ends into the SUV and sit next to it. Her six eyes make a scritch sound when they move. I hope Obscura captures her and takes all that stuff off her face. How does she go to the grocery store? Or does she have to live the rest of her life at the Illuminus base? How dull.
Doors, shut.
Go time.
My heart starts racing right away. I don't do well under pressure. I prefer to have things turn out well in advance. I run through my times tables up to five digits to calm my brain, but that hardly slows my mind down. All I can think of is the stuff that'll inevitably go wrong: the elementary school isn't actually the back entrance. The door is blastproof. The police arrive to investigate the explosion. There are dozens of doors, each patrolled by killer robots. There are kids staying after school at 11:45pm. I get the piloting wrong and get everyone killed. Every one of those has a more than ten percent chance to happen. Really.
A garage door opens onto a deserted Maryland city street. Mile-tall streetlights make everything look all Hollywood, and the SUV bumps over a set of one-way severe tire damage spikes and rolls out into the nothing of night. Ivan accelerates the automatic transmission, grooving from gear to gear with those quick engine transitions, only there must be a dozen gears on this car. VrrrrrrTRANSITIONvrrrrrTRANSITIONvrrrrRRRRRtransitionR-R-R-R-R. That's what it's like. And we keep accelerating. I peek over at the speedometer and we're going past eighty.
"Slow down, we're going to get pulled over," I hiss.
Ivan's eyes catch mine and his hands run over a touchscreen. After a dozen taps and a dozen beeps--it's like he's done this a hundred times--he moves his hand away.
"Lean forward," he says.
I figure we're going to launch into space, so instead I press back into my seat and close my eyes with my hands.
"No, really," he says, and I open my eyes, carefully examine my clean fingernails and finally lean forward and look out the windshield.
The front of the car's gone. We're invisible--and silent, too.
Gas funnels into the engine, and the speedometer hits a hundred and just keeps going. I retreat to the seat and close my eyes again, which is what I wanted to do in the first place. I don't know about some people.
We re-enter Chevy Chase, the really nice part, and swarm through it to Bethesda. The neighborhood's getting familiar, and finally we pass by the street my house is on and keep going down my bus route to the two schools across the street from one another. The car effortlessly slides to a stop.
I can feel the eyes of Obscura watching me. I'm glad I'm going to be waiting in the car.

* * *

"Don't open the door yet." Johnny's uncle holds up a hand, and me and Strange sit side by side in the back as he taps his console and shows this Beth girl the six types of bots she's going to be controlling: 
1. The stun gun bots are shaped like gravel-colored centipedes. They can hover at chest height for three seconds, and their stuns deliver three-quarters of a million volts.
2. There's an Obscura-style spiderbot like mine--I bet Illuminus stole the design. Speaking of which, I still haven't figured out who the mole is. Could still be Johnny's real dad.
3. There's a flying helicopter sphere with a single, powerful EMP charge that's designed not to affect Strange's circuitry. It can shut down computers and stuff, but of course all the Obscura wiring's shielded, so I don't know how much good it'll do.
4. There's a really rad transformerbot that can mimic the shape of any security camera or small turret, to provide recon and surveillance.
5. There's an invisibility panel on legs, designed to be totally invisible no matter which way you look at it. We can use it to sneak around, or as a shield. Ivan tells us we absolutely can't leave it behind for them to reverse-engineer. I don't tell him we've already infiltrated their Nivznhy Novgorod factory.
6. And there's basically a tank the size of a housecat. The tank holds a number of explosives that it can lay, as well as a gun with rubber bullets. Beth has this intense look as Ivan talks about the tank; I can see a glimpse of it in the rearview mirror, but in the underglow of the screens I can't tell if she's terrified by the idea of shooting people, or really excited. Probs excited. What a weirdo.
Ivan tells Beth to launch the tank last, since it's pretty obvious and not invisible or camouflaged. I swear Beth looks disappointed, like she totally wants to use the tank.
Time to go.
Beth sends the spiderbot out from the undercarriage of the car toward the school. The whole inside of the windshield lights up with the viewing camera's output. She's DEFINITELY not an expert. Hesitant, shy, tiptoeing around instead of just running into the elementary school. Me? I'd be inside already.
"Principal's office," I shout. Beth tries to hush me, probably because she thinks people will hear, but I know this vehicle is soundproof. Ivan said so.
"Is it in this . . . yes. Here it is," Beth says, tapping on a control screen.
Strange and I watch as the spiderbot goes under an old doorframe and emerges in the principal's office.
"There'll be a cabinet--" I say.
Beth spins, leans over the seat, and gives me a biiiig look. "Yes," she snips. "I know. I've been there too. AND I'm smarter than the two of you action stuntpersons put together. A trice of quiet, if you please."
I've got some names to call her, that's for sure. I cross my arms and wait for her to finish.
"There's no cabinet," she says.
"Then it's the wrong room," I reply.
I look over beside me. I'm getting uncomfortable with how Strange just sits there silently, looking straight ahead--well, her head is facing ahead--with her hands on her knees. She doesn't. Move. At all. It's kinda freaking me out. Did they put something in her brain, or was she like this before?
"There's a nametag block on the desk that says Principal Nickers. I would think that would indicate it's the right room," says Beth.
"Unless the exit from the labs comes out somewhere else," Ivan throws in.
"No," says Beth, "no, I don't think so. Owing to the lack of frontage, any escape route will necessarily need to go straight up from the underground labs, and--"
"Straight up?" Ivan says.
"Oh. Right. It'll be a trap door in the floor. Good thinking."
They smile at each other. Beth totally has a crush on Johnny's uncle. Ha ha.
"Jericha? Strange? Ready?" says Ivan.
"Are we certain there's going to be a trap door in the principal's office?" I say, rolling my eyes.
"Yes," says Beth in a huffy, fluty voice. Like I had insulted her intelligence, which I totally didn't do. I don't hate her, I just think she's weird.
"Go," says Ivan, and all three of us swing out and rush the front door of the school.


Part IV

Chapter Eleven

"If Lucia Rocketry tells me to stop, I will . . ."
"Stop," I moan.
"If Lucia Rocketry tells me to go, I will . . ."
"Go."
I flinch after each word, conditioned to expect the pain level to spike if I say the wrong thing.
"If Lucia Rocketry tells me to jump, I will say . . ."
"How high?" I murmur.
The pain spikes, and my body goes limp from the electricity. I don't even have enough motor control to twitch, let alone struggle.
"If Lucia Rocketry tells me to jump, I will say . . ."
"Yes Ms. Rocketry." My mouth is able to move, not because it's easy to push through the pain, but because answering is the only thing keeping the pain from getting a lot worse. The voltage spikes again and a surge of panic burns through me. I don't know what the correct answer is, and that means a lot of zaps. My nervous system struggles vainly. I hear the rattle of the short chains I'm attached to.
"If Lucia Rocketry tells me to jump, I will say . . ."
This will keep going until I say the correct answer. I've been through hundreds of these questions already. I have no idea what I'm supposed to say.
"I'll say nothing and just jump."
I flinch. There's no spike of pain. My breath is shallow and quick. I think that means I'm hyperventilating.

* * *

Of course there was a trapdoor under the principal's office throw rug. It was one of those black scuffy safety rugs with a sharp plastic rim that they lay around entryways so all those nasty kids don't scuff their feet and bring filth into Nickers' office. I think it's funny that they moved Mr. Nickers down to the elementary school. It's like he got demoted. Now, I didn't have any quarrel with him exactly, but all authority figures are there to stifle our childish joy, and I enjoy watching them suffer. Oop, did I say that out loud? What a shame.
My spider sits on the wall overlooking our three intrepid agents. Ivan's put a remote door-opener on the school's locked outer doors, so my lovely slave machines can sneak in and out.
The trapdoor is protected by a simple built-in lock. On the inside of the windshield, I watch through my obedient spider minion's eight eyes as a nearly invisible laser beam shoots out of one of Strange's six cameras and melts the lock. Jericha pulls the trapdoor open, flexing her little muscles, showing off.
My spider minion follows Jericha, Strange and Ivan down a chute with a ladder--heh, chutes and ladders--and, thinking ahead, I decide to prep the shocky worm--that's what I've decided to call it--in case there's enemies on the other side of whatever door Strange blasts through. The touchscreen isn't exactly the easiest control device--Playstation controllers are much better--although I don't play video games, they're beneath me--and the screen goes greasy as I have to constantly rub my fingers over it, telling it to go forward. Not even a trackball to make it easier. Greasy surfaces and inexact controls. This vehicle is no longer up to my exacting standards for usability.
I launch the shocky worm. It slithers out from the undercarriage of the car and through the school doors. Me and my minions feel oddly detached from the action. Like looking in through a window at a wild party. Or a jail cell. At least I don't have to crawl down stanky drainpipes or put my clean hands on metal ladders. The only trouble I'm likely to face, here in the car, is my fingertips getting chapped and friction-heated on the touchscreen--which is no small problem by my standards. But it's like when a relative is flying in to visit you, and they say they're at the airport, and you're just sitting in your room watching TV, and then four hours later they arrive and they say it was a terrible flight and they're tired and angry and miserable, and you're quite comfortable and content, sitting in one place all that time. I bet other people feel guilty when that happens. It just amuses me.
Even at top speed it takes a few minutes to get my centipede minion up to the chute, especially since I need to keep my spider close to the agents, to keep an eye on them. I wonder why Ivan insisted I come along in person at all; I could do all this from the Illuminus base.

* * *

This metal tube smells exactly the same as the nasty staircase beneath the principal's office. The rungs are solid aluminum and freezing cold. I'm rushing down as fast as I can, because the sooner you get a Mission done, the sooner you get to chill out. Basking in a job well done is the best.
Dropping to the bottom, I land in a claustrophobia room on a steel platform leading to a short tunnel ending in a steel wall, just about long enough for someone to stretch out from the chute and touch the far end. The wall is the same as the back of the janitor's closet--a hidden hydraulic-powered door. All around me are orange movie theater lights along a black plastic strip, and you can see well enough. I try the current code on my phone, but it doesn't work.
Smilin' Strange drops down beside me. Doesn't make a sound. A real enigma. Zzzzswip, her duffel opens and she's got some kind of gnarly explosive I don't recognize. I gotta get up to date with Illuminus' superior tech, man!
"Go back up," she says. Her smile makes her look like a boss. Smilin' Strange. A blue light flicks on from one of her eyes, casting a miner's helmet beam into my face. Shivering, 'cause she's next-gen weird, I pull myself back up four rungs. Ivan's already climbing away from the upcoming explosion.
I stare down the ladder well, but all I see are reflections of Strange's blue light in the square tunnel. I hate not knowing what's going on, even though I totally tell myself that she's installing the explosives. Wonder how high up we have to be to avoid blowback, whether we oughta be at the top. Then Strange emerges and I'm blinded by her stupid light pointing up. I hiss for her to turn it off, but she doesn't, she just points it away.
SSSPAAAAFFFFF.
Nothing shakes. It doesn't make a loud noise. It's like letting air out of your tires.
"What kind of explosion was that?" I ask her.
"Come down." Nothing else.
I come down.
The secure, unbreakable, electrically-shielded blastproof wall is gone. Just . . . gone. There's a spherical hole. On the other side, the line of orange emergency lights is partially gone, but starts up again further on. You can see the gap in the floor where the remote-control hydraulics controlled the wall. Fizzy industral liquid hisses out and pools in the cracks.
Strange kick-slides into the bowl-shaped gap and stands, hunching just barely under the new ceiling.
"What'd you do?" I say.
"Bet you'd like to know," she says tonelessly, smilin'.
I want to hate her but I don't. I do cuss at her, though.
Ivan drops into the tunnel and gives me a don't-cuss look, but doesn't say anything. He's not my dad. I don't have to do what he says.
A shadow drops on me from above, and something nasty lands on me. Without even thinking I grab it, pin it to the wall and crush it with my elbow, a move from krav maga.
Electric light blasts into the aluminum tunnel wall and we're all thrown physically in all directions.
I smashed a stun gun bot.
Taking a deep breath, Ivan said, "Everyone all right? Just startled, is all."
I can feel my newly-healed wound throb as all my muscles give one last spasm. "I'm okay. Still standing."
"Strange?" Ivan says.
No response.
And
then
I
realize.
Strange is shielded from the EMP, but not the zappa-bot.
"It shocked her systems," I say. Hands? Over mouth. I killed her. I was impulsive and I crushed a bot and I killed her. She's dead. I electrocuted the tubes that go into her brain.
"Ivan?"
I can hear my own voice. I'm panicking now.
"Ivan I didn't mean to. Ivan I killed her. I didn't mean to . . ."
His body--he's wearing a black long-sleeve shirt and black pants, like a catburgler--brushes past as I stand at the bottom of the escape tunnel. He squeezes into the horizontal section and pulls out a lifeless--I swear I didn't mean to--Strange. Colored steam rises from her steel mask. Her perpetual-motion metal eyes don't move at all.
I swear it was an accident. It was Beth's fault. It wasn't me.
"Wait here. We'll send her back to base with the car's self-driving module. Beth'll have to take her place."
Chems drip down Strange's face, maroon and blue and green. Ivan picks her up and stumbles up the rungs.
The metal wall feels cold against my back as I slide down and curl up. I don't ever, ever want to kill anyone else. Not ever. Not even enemies. Not even Looch.

* * *

I? Am laughing so hard. Got both of them at once. Now that awful Strange girl has to have her face machines removed, and now poor old Jericha thinks she's done something awful. Poor baby. With her hyperactive secret agent reflexes. Hehehe.
And I was smart enough to wait until the hydraulic doorway was blasted open. There's a 79% chance that that was the only doorway, the same way there was only the one hydraulic door between Edward Teller and the Obscura Labs. They're not so creative. I laugh at the spy architects too.
And here's Ivan. I compose my face to look like I'm embarrassed and innocent. I play innocent well.
"Is she going to be okay?" I say when he pulls the back door open. As if I care.
Ivan doesn't reply. He lays Strange out on the bench seat and I look at her face, steaming with her shattered chemical factories, and I smile on the inside. I don't show it, though.
Now my car door swings open and Ivan leans across me. I lick my lips, calculating the best, innocent-sounding thing to say.
"What are we going to do without her?" I say, innocently.
What I receive from Ivan, who's leaning over me, playing with the touchscreen, is a look of opprobrium. Real, spicy anger and dislike. And oh yes, that's when I realize: He knows. He knows I did it on purpose. Everything becomes clear. He's exactly as smart as I imagined, he just plays at being dumb. Ivan totally fooled me. And I just HATE being fooled.
His thumb presses a plastic button under the dash, and the bot-controlling touchscreen pops out. I didn't even think it did that. Again I feel powerless, and I start plotting my revenge for all of it. I'm going to get them all back. Everyone who ever tried to keep me from doing what I want, or to punish me afterwards:
Ivan.
Jericha.
Even Johnny, for making me go through all this just to rescue him.
I am going to get them back for making me feel things I don't want to feel.
"We'll need you to come with us. Jericha's got the explosives bag, but we'll still need another pair of hands. We need the bots, too. Launch the invisible wall now and bring it with us. Quickly!"
He didn't even ask if I wanted to. My plans grow deeper.

* * *

I killed her. Her brains are fried. Like, how am I even supposed to feel? How should a superhuman feel about killing their explosives tech?
The silvery walls with their orange snail-track of lights seem to get closer and closer. I'm not claustrophobic. Phobias are for the weak. Fear is just ignorance asserting itself; that's what Looch says. I am anything but ignorant.
Whenever you get afraid, that's when you need to get tricky. Trickiness is very important.
The Obscura people haven't heard us. I pray that's true, cause if not, the silence would start to be very . . . ominous. I'm not good with predicting the future or anything. I just deal, and I deal now. That's how I'm trained.
So while Ivan programs the car to go back to base, I chew up my fear, spit it out, and leave it sizzling on the platform behind me as I crawl into Strange's blastazoid hole leading to the Obscura Labs. I've got my basic toolkit and my emergency signal-mo-bots. That's it. I can pick locks, disable cameras, swing from ceilings and climb walls. That's basic. But I suspect breaking Johnny out of Obscura is going to need teh advanced skillz. Which I don't have.
The first passage is just a straight shot, designed as an emergency exit. It crosses under the street, Oak I think, but the lab is huge and I don't know exactly where it'll come out. I didn't even know this tunnel was here.
I start crawling like a toddler down the tunnel.
Then I hear it.
"PLEASE ENTER CODE." Robot lady voice. There's a code I need. A code I don't have. And there's a security system that's active. "PLEASE ENTER CODE."
In front of me is a square tunnel, all aluminum or maybe steel, barely lit by orange tracklights. There're no turns and no exits that I can see. Wherever it comes out is way farther down. I don't fill up the whole space, but it's not exactly roomy.
My cell phone has a few scanners and stuff, but nothing that'll hack into a security system. You'd need a powerful laptop with really great software to backtrace the code. I try 2-4-8-4, but that does ostrich egg.
"PLEASE ENTER CODE IN FIVE-FOUR-THREE--"
What's it going to do? I pat my utility belt and come up short. I feel like a cloud of poison is going to waft up and strangle me. I aim a mini-flashlight ahead. It's at least a hundred feet before there'll be anything useful down there, a turnout or a ladder down.
Executive decision. Scuttling backward on all fours, I try to get into the crater left by Strange's explosive. I try a few old password combinations, none of them do anything, and feel myself slide down past the rim of the bowl just as
KZZZZZIF KZZZZZZIF KZZZZZIF.
And then
pafZZZZT pafZZZZZT pafZZZZZT.
Bolts of red light shoot through the straight tunnel corridor and ricochet straight back off the aluminum wall on the far end.
I? Am screwed.
After a minute or two of hunkering, hearing perpetual zaps that sound like they have no intention of stopping, my cell phone rings:
"What is it?" Ivan says. "What's going on?"
"Laser turret," I hiss back. "Bring the tank."

* * *

I'm tempted to shoot Jericha with a rubber bullet. I haven't been nearly bad enough to her. But Ivan knows all my thoughts, he's invading my mind with his trickiness, and it's better if I just get the job done, so I can plot without all this sweat and discomfort.
The smell of the chute. I don't like it. It smells manly, which I hate, and it smells unclean, like a diseased pigsty. I stand looking down it over the rim of my controller pad, a square hole in the floor of a principal's office. I never disobeyed in fourth or fifth grades, so I never had to come in here.
The tank's treads don't stick, so Ivan carries it under his arm and slides down the chute to place it on the platform so I can start piloting. Obviously he has to dodge the three regular zaps, which make me flinch every time they ricochet. I watch as he gets the timing right, holding the last rung in one hand and the tank in the other, waits for the zaps to ricochet, hangs off the botton rung. Then:
pafpafpafpafpafZZZZZZZZZMMMMM.
"Hey, watch it!"
Jericha's distant voice. A different pattern of zaps.
Ivan pulls himself back up the ladder. The tank's down on the platform now. Chatting with Miss Jericha on his little phone, he tells me what I already know: the weight of a grown man on the aluminum rung distorted the whole shape of the chute just enough to cause the laser ricochet to go in a direction other than 180º. Why is everyone stupider than me?
I press the go button and just let the tank roar down the low corridor, over the lip of the implosion--yes, I figured out what kind of bomb Strange used, it's obvious--and along the side, so it doesn't get hit by lasers. Way past where Jericha's huddling. She's a huddled masses, whatever that means. What's a masses, anyway? Nevermind, I'll look it up later. The tank's front light makes the aluminum wall of the corridor all reflecty, blinding the sensor, but it's worse when I turn the light off, the camera can't pick anything up. It's like driving into a bottomless pit. So I try to avoid the worst of the glare and the continuing zaps shooting overhead, and the tank revs along, and now there's a hole in the floor.
It's blocking the tank's path completely. I think it's where you climb up into the shaft from the Obscura Labs itself. The room below is totally dark, but the light from the tank reveals a square hole that light doesn't reflect off of. I turn off the light in case there's anybody in the room below. I can't see down; the tank doesn't have a swivel camera. Another bad design.
Now I'm stuck. Red laserlight shoots past. I can't get across the gap with these treads, and I'm worried because there's a solid 45% chance that having the turret turned on and shooting has alerted someone inside the labs. They're either going to come up to turn it off, thinking it's a false alarm, or else they'll be setting up an ambush. There aren't any cameras in here to identify us, as far as I can tell, though. I hope they aren't. Prefer my privacy.
Ivan's head pokes out of the chute like a prairie dog. "What are you seeing?" he asks me.
"I found the ladder down," I reply, "but there's no way across to blow up the turret."
"I wonder if we can trick it?" Ivan muses, standing with his heels on a rung. "Get the imitator. We'll see how it responds to shooting itself."
These tricky agents. I hate them so much.

* * *

The sound of metal against metal. The pressure on the sides of my head subsides. As Lucia Rocketry--I must obey Lucia Rocketry--unscrews the vise from my head, the sound of her voice in my ears dies away. The electricity in my limbs steps down, from six down to one, then off. That horrible buzzing sound fades. The earbuds fall out of my ears.
"Sit up."
My body doesn't even wait for my mind to think about this. There's no thinking. I'm a puppet, and Rocketry--I must obey Lucia Rocketry--is pulling my strings.
But I haven't been unchained yet. My limbs snap upward, then snag and drop back down. Panicking, I pull again and again, trying to obey. I must obey Lucia Rocketry. She told me to sit up. Chains rattle like a haunted graveyard.
Then I hear it.
Dark, tempestuous, demonic laughter. Lucia Rocketry is laughing at me.
"Unchain yourself. NOW."
Hands scrabble at anything they can get a purchase on, but it's just chains, there's no locks or anything else.
The laughter is rich and full. This is exactly what Lucia Rocketry wants. If my mind were my own, I'd rebel against giving her what she wants.
My mind is not my own. I struggle, and struggle, and struggle until my whole body is clothed in sweat.
"Stop."
My body goes limp at the command. I must obey Lucia Rocketry.
"Look at you."
It isn't a command, so I don't look at myself, although I get really aware of my nakedness. 
"You might just be my good boy after all. Keep that up and I might keep you." A hand, a warm soft thing, a human touch, caresses the side of my face. And without any control at all, I press my face into it. It's the only softness I've felt anywhere for two days.
"Let's get you cleaned off, little boy, and then I might introduce you to your new home in the Box. If you're very well-behaved."

* * *

Here's how we get past the laser turret. 'Cause we totally do. Beth pilots the transformerbot past it--it has spider legs with magneto-suction things that can climb on walls, so it can imitate security cameras--and I just barely peer over the rim of the blown-up sphere-hole to watch as the bot fabricates parts in its 3D printer and assembles them until it looks exactly like the laser turret.
Then it just walks right out in front of the turret.
"SENSOR SCAN," the robo-lady voice says. "SENSOR SCAN." And then it shuts off.
Wicked.
I'm guessing it thinks it's pointed at itself or something. Or maybe there's a motion detector instead of a heat detector? Not sure. Doesn't matter. After I'm totally positive the laser isn't going to start up again, I sidle down the long, long, mega-long tunnel (totally shielded from road noise, not that there'd be much this time of night) to the drop-off into the dark room.
My frizz-hair hangs straight down into the room as I stick my head in, feeling blood rush to my brain. A single gray door. My mini-flashlight shows me a completely unused room, maybe a closet, but who can be sure? Maybe there are traps. Maybe there are motion detectors and turrets and laser barriers. Maybe there are teams of guards surrounding this one gray door.
With a sole circle, I drop in. No lasers so far. Unfold my lockpicking multitool.
Rrrrrrr--
The tank drops straight onto me. Nearly brains me. Oooo, that Beth did it on purpose. She did both of them on purpose. She is a SNOTWAD. Oooo, she's in for it. I'm going to GET her.
Too busy to think up how I'm going to get her. Busy! Picking the lock. Modern locks have a steel interior button you have to hold down, angled pins, and a tumbler that doesn't spin unless the pins are in just the right place. So by the time I turn the lock (and there are other ways to do it other than classic lockpicking, you can use acid to burn the pins away, or a jigsaw to cut the door right off the doorknob, if it isn't reinforced, but both of those take less skill, and I am all ABOUT skill) anyway by the time I turn the lock, Ivan and Beth are behind me in the room. As the lock turns, I give Beth a dirty look for clocking me. She's grinning behind her flat facial expression. Ivan doesn't notice.
As the gray door swings open, I check my cell phone.
11:58pm.
"Gotta hurry," I whisper. I'm not sure where we are, but we have a tank that shoots rubber bullets, so we're on top. "Beth, get the invisible wall."
"Good idea," says Ivan. "I'll take the tank." He programs his cell phone, wasting valuable seconds, and then I'm not interested anymore. They can worry about their technology, I'm saving Johnny Clue.
Runnin'.
At first the corridors are woogly and I don't know where I am. There's an internal hallway with no lighting, and it doesn't make any sense. Everything at Obscura is lit up bright all the time. I mean 24/7.  But as I begin to jog, trying to find my bearings, I get a whiff of familiar smell. Moisture, copper tubing, and the faint scent of flowers. I turn the corner and yes, there's the conservatory gardens, completely dark. My mini-flashlight shows me the same bromeliads and tropical plants I remember. The sunlight reflectors are obviously dark, because it's night, but the rest of the facility is dark too.
They know we're coming. And they've shut off the lights to slow us down.
Doesn't matter. We've got to keep moving. I've got to, anyways. And even though I'm not going to kill Lucia, I will totally kick her teeth in, if I see her.

* * *

Sitting curled up beneath the ladder to the tunnel, I make myself as comfortable as I can. Commanding the invisible walking wall to approach the school's front door, I watch as it opens automatically, like a grocery store door, because of that automatic opener Ivan put on the doorknob. Like a ghost, my magic wall glides in and vanishes inside.
I have decided how I will punish them. It will not be difficult. All I need to do is to prevent them from leaving. And there is an easy way to do that.
After Ivan disappears into the guts of Obscura, I will re-lock this gray door. I will climb up this ladder to safety. Once I am outside, I will disable the tank, using this controller. I will move the imitatorbot away from the turret, so it reactivates. I will close the chute's trapdoor and lock it. I will remove the automatic door opener. One or another of these punishments will be sufficient to lock these tricky tricky agents underground for that Rocketry woman to . . . consider. I know she will do many amusing things to them.
And as for me? What will I do after these bridges are satisfactorily burnt?
I will come in from the cold.

* * *

They think the darkness is going to hold me back? Ha, I know these corridors like the back of my hand. Which I can't see, 'cause it's too dark. I know where I am now. I can find the Box, where I'm sure Johnny will be. (Suppress the shudders, Jericha.) He'll be naked, so . . . be prepared for that. (Don't smirk, he's being tortured.) So far I've met no opposition, seen no scientists, bumped into none of the locked doors they could be putting in my way. There are fire doors everywhere, and Looch could activate them and at LEAST slow me down. I don't know if Obscura adheres to the United States building codes or whatever, but even if fire doors don't lock, they'd at least be something I'd have to push through.
It's like they WANT me to break in.
I stop, spin. They're watching me, no doubt about that, but suddenly I have what I guess you'd call a flashback? The sound of the Box's bank vault door swinging shut, the fresh burns, the way Lucia Rocketry stands there with no aloe vera or anything, nothing comforting, just stands there staring at you with that horrible power-trip smile as you stumble out in bare feet, trying to keep your posture, and she laughs at you. It all comes back, like I'm really there. It scares the crap out of me.
"Well, little girl, you came back for more. Get in prone position, NOW."
I fling myself facedown on the ground, then I remember I'm a secret agent and a superhuman and resist the power of fight or flight, resist the power of doing what I'm told, and overcome my torture programming to flip to my feet. After all, she didn't say STAY in prone position.
That's the problem with teaching someone to be a superhuman. You can't control them anymore. And I am SO a superhuman.
As I land on my feet, I look up into the evil, nasty, horrible, messed-up face of Lucia Rocketry. She's wearing an Obscura uniform, but her uniform's high black collar makes her look like the bride of Dracula. She stands PERFECTLY still, her smile curling into a scowl, because I didn't do what I'm told. I'm tempted to give her her own smile back, because I've conquered my conditioning, but one of the things I learned is that showing off is only okay once the Mission is complete. Until then, you're on the job--and right now the job is Johnny.
First, I try the fake-out. Bursting to a sprint, I try to get past her, but the minute she follows me I'll back flip and STOMP her. But she doesn't follow. So forget her completely, I keep going, over to the Box, where Johnny is. Rocketry's just noise now.
They don't make it easy to get to the Box, because they don't want--
"Stop."
I skid to a stop and start back up again. After all, she never said stop forever.
They don't want to hurt morale by having people listen to screaming or anything, so there's an unobtrusive door and a bunch of these unobtrusive twisty passages and then a series of soundproof doors which make you more and more scared when you have to go through them, cause they're like a foot thick and smell weird. Here's the last one, and my cell phone (glance as I run) says it's just midnight. Hope I'm not too late. The Box, a room-inside-a-room, is a steel cube taller than I am. The door doesn't have any visible electronics; they must be mounted inside the walls. No other controls. That means opening it must be a breeze . . .
There's a big police-baton handle with a timer set into it. Counting down from -00:00:46. Just in time. I lean on the rubber grip of the steel handle, feeling the internal capstan gear grinding open, and there it is.
The Box.
"Get in."

* * *

"Quickly, follow me," Ivan says.
Drat. I'll have to play along if I don't want to give myself away. But that just means going deeper into this deathtrap of a facility. Ivan races out of the closet and down hallways with the lights out for the night. Distantly I hear the whirr of the tank as it moves ahead of him. I guess he's located Johnny, because he runs with steely focus along the corridors, taking corners quickly and precisely. His bot must have told him something I missed while I was plotting. Through twists and turns we go, getting me lost. We pass through a big door. Oh--he's tracking Jericha's cell phone signal. Duh.
From down the corridor, crying. 
I hear:
"You *sob* didn't say *sob* how fast *sob*."
"No, I didn't. I just said get in." That Rocketry woman's awful voice. I want to turn and run, so she doesn't find me here. In fact, I might just.
Ivan holds up a hand for me to stop. He gently tugs open the last soundproof door and brushes me back. With a sweep of his finger over the touchscreen, he sends the tank in. Before I had a chance to disable it. He's ruining my punishments.
A gunshot, the sound oddly deadened by the soundproofing. I didn't get a good look at what's inside; it's dark in this sandwich-airlock between two heavy doors, and it's dark in the next room, too.
The sound of Rocketry cussing. A scuffle. And then a bank vault door sliding shut with technical precision.

* * *

I was alone.
My hands shook as I slid the leather straps out of their buckles and stripped the white plastic squares off my arms and legs. One by one I removed them. My mouth felt like a camel might wander through it, cacti, a desert. Dried tracks stretched down from my eyes like river deltas to every part of my face. I must obey Lucia Rocketry.
So many straps. My muscles shivered nonstop, moving in directions they weren't meant to. Finally the pads were gone, a white pile on the table's metal surface, and I pushed myself off the edge and curled up on the floor.
I was naked. There weren't any places where my clothes might be hiding. The room was empty, without any closets or dressers. All the rooms here were empty, everything's hidden in the walls. Everything's hidden.
A single hanging light on a folding frame and springs, like a dentist's lamp, pointed straight down at the table where I used to be. I couldn't see it when I was blindfolded. I felt lucky that Ms. Rocketry didn't do anything permanent to my body. My mind . . . well, I'd find out. I felt different.
There was nothing else in here. I tried the door, expecting to find it locked, but as my eyes adjusted, I found it ajar. She left in a hurry. My head felt like it'd been cracked down the middle, but I figured it was probably fine. I still heard her voice in my ear. I must obey Lucia Rocketry. If she told me to jump, I shut up and jump. Maybe afterwards I'd be allowed to ask if I had jumped high enough.
The corridor was deserted. Dark. I didn't know where I was. Covering my crotch with a hand, I started walking. Maybe I'd find the blue spaceship bedroom and there'd be a new Obscura suit laid out that I could wear.
Instead I heard the sound of propellers. A brief, desperate sprint just made my legs give out, and I collapsed to the floor, and something happened.
I accepted my fate. These quadcopters were going to drag me back, and I accepted that. I accepted that I'd be going back to the room, or the Box, or wherever. I sat naked on the pristine white floor, feeling like I could use a shower and clothes, and waited for the handcuffs.
But that isn't what happened.
"Ah, younk man."
The flatscreen was suspended from a cable held up by two quadcopters. On the screen was the old foreign man's face. He didn't wear a hat this time. The split in his head was clearly visible, and the blood and fluid of his brain throbbed into the glass. The two quadcopters flew lower, bringing his face down to eye level.
"Younk man. You huff been chosen for a wery special assignment. As I'm sure you'ff guessed, Lucia Rocketry is my daughter and works for me. My name? Wolfgang Rocketry. And you are Johnny Clue, at least for ze moment, no? Yes. Und. In wery little time, you'll be recruited by ze Illuminus Agency, where you'll be my personal spy. Durink your session wiz my daughter, a new dewice was implanted in your body, quite undetectable by scanners, which will kill you at a moment's notice if we activate it. In ze meanwhiles, we will need to implant a recording dewice to capture all Illuminus activity. Please stay quite still."
I became aware of a small drone that had been flying beside the two quadcopters. Something dark shot at me and clung to my left cheek. There was a buzzing, and my cheek hurt. After a minute, the thing jumped off and scuttled away, then burst like a firecracker.
"Now. Go and become an Illuminus agent. But don't forget what my daughter can do, yes? And don't forget zis."
My whole body started beeping. I know that doesn't make sense. Something inside of me used my blood as sonar. I didn't know how. All my blood vibrated, making me beep.
"See what we can do? Is quite the experience, no? At loud enough frequency, blood boils, you die. So. When you think you tell magic Illuminus doctors to fix? Kaboom. Or kersplat. Eizzer one. Go be rescued, younk man, and remember: you work for us, even if you aren't wanting to."
The quadcopters flew the flatscreen away. I was naked on the floor, and now I had things wrong with me that I couldn't fix. Things implanted in my body. Like they did to Jericha.
Down the hall I wandered. I felt like a ghost. Bare feet felt cold on the cold floor. I realized I hadn't slept.
There was a commotion down the hall. My legs dragged me toward it, certain it was what Ms. Rocketry went to investigate in such a hurry. Maybe Jericha had come to rescue me.
She did. She was right here. Smiling at me like crazy, a different kind of smile, a smile of major-league satisfaction. Beside her were Beth and my uncle. They all saw me naked. My uncle took his long-sleeved shirt off and tossed it to me. I couldn't pull it on without them all seeing me COMPLETELY naked. I faced the wall and pulled his shirt on. It was long enough to be a kind of goofy dress, like something Audrey Hepburn might wear to a fancy dinner. I tugged the sweaty fabric around myself. Suddenly my legs seemed way more naked. I don't know how girls walk around with their legs out all the time, under their dresses or skirts.
"I think we have time to rescue my brother, Johnny. How are you? Up for keeping watch while Jericha and I dig 'em out?" my uncle said.
"Yeah," I said, and my voice sounded three sizes too small.
Jericha and my uncle shared a worried look.
"Beth," my uncle said quickly, "why don't you stay up top with him?"
Beth got this bizarro facial expression, like she was disgusted by the idea. Maybe they told her about the smell in the sub-basement. She said yes.
I shuffled after the three, feeling like I wasn't connected to them or to anyone. In the storeroom, Jericha flicked the switch and opened the underground prison. Beth was standing kind of right over the opening and nearly fell in. My uncle caught her and gave Jericha a scolding look. Jericha could barely keep from giggling. I didn't understand or really care to get involved.
They implanted a murder chip inside of me, and I never even noticed.
Jericha and my uncle dropped into the stinking void, leaving Beth and I up top. I stood in the baggy shirt, feeling vaguely sorry that my uncle had to go into the tin-can slime catastrophe without his shirt on. Beth observed me with a smile playing over her face. She didn't ask how I was or say anything nice or sympathetic. She seemed different than she had at the Panda Garden, as if she had a secret identity and this was it.
After a few wordless minutes, she lifted her arm and poked me through the shirt. I tried to smile at her, but it didn't work.
"I poked you," she told me.
Feeling like I was supposed to do something, I tried to poke her back. It was a little bit calculated, because what I wanted to do was cry.
Before my poke landed, Beth dove forward and wrapped herself around my neck and started crying. It wasn't a complete cry, though; it was like she was trying to hold the cry in, but it kept breaking through because it was so big. And this is weird to describe, but the cry made her angry, and the more the cry came out, the angrier she got, until she was squeezing my uncle's chilled sweat out of the big shirt with her clenched fingertips and was practically biting through my shoulder. She was so angry at having to cry. I've never been that angry about anything.
I put my arm around her, and she seemed so thin, like there was only a ghost of a person inside. Maybe we were both ghosts now.
When she had finally calmed down and had let most of it out, I knew I was supposed to ask what was wrong, so I did.
"I hate you so much, Johnny Clue," Beth said, wrapped heavily over my shoulder. And I didn't understand.
Beth and I sat down along the wall, looking into the darkness together. She wouldn't let go of my shoulder, but I didn't really mind. It was one of those times where it was okay to just not talk for awhile. If we got out of here safely, and I got the feeling that Wolfgang Rocketry WANTED me to get out of here safely, then I'd crawl into bed and never leave it. Forever. Me in bed forever. Maybe I'd take baths, too. That would be okay. And I'd wear clothes 24/7 so I'd never have to be naked again. Semiconsciously I tugged the shirt down past my knees and crossed my hands over my lap. Beth rested her head against my shoulder, which made me feel . . . I'm not sure what word describes it. Mature, maybe.
There were figures in the doorway of the storeroom.
Beth stood bolt upright and started playing with a thick tablet computer she had. I wasn't strong enough to do anything but sit and watch as the two figures approached. Neither of them were Ms. Rocketry. They were both backlit and their faces were shadowed.
"Hello, Junior."


Chapter Twelve

Two men in dark suits. At a touch of a smartphone, one of the men made banks of fluorescent lights come online. The light showed me what I already knew:
Mr. Nickers on the left.
On the right, Dad.
My real dad. By now I'd come to recognize my uncle's raw spy confidence, and obviously the ape-dad looked and acted different. Both were still below.
This, with his continually darting eyes and wide motorcycle jacket over his suit coat, was my dad.
"They rescued you?" I said.
Dad threw his head back and laughed. He wasn't a big laugher, my dad, but I definitely recognized it as his laugh.
"You think Illuminus could catch me if I didn't want to be caught?" he said.
I thought back to the surveillance footage of Dad getting picked up by a mechanical arm and shuddered.
"You set it all up," I said.
"No, no," Dad said, coming forward.
He took off his leather jacket and proffered it to me, but I didn't take it. Not yet. Not until I knew exactly what had happened.
"No, I set up a sting so that we could get a read on those invisible jets," he said, checking over his shoulder. "But the rest of it? Naw. That's not how we do things in Obscura. Hello, Miss Enslow."
Beth took several seconds of looking down at her tablet before she could be bothered to say "hi" to my dad.
"How do you know who she is?" I said.
"Well, I am managing director of the Obscura Labs, Junior. Always know your employees."
"You let Rocketry torture me." I stood up, not even caring that I was wearing just a shirt. "You LET her. You--you probably were there. Watching."
"There are consequences for failure, Junior. In any line of work."
"I didn't fail," I said, suddenly feeling emotions rise up inside of me. "I didn't even sign up. I didn't ask to be a spy. I wouldn't have chosen that as a career choice. I was DRAGGED into this because I was WORRIED about YOU." Anger was rising in my voice.
"Never said you signed up. I said you failed. Your job was to keep Jericha White in line. Remember?"
"You can't force someone into a job they don't want!" I shouted.
"Are you sure about that, son? Because I'm your dad, and what I say goes. You're an Obscura agent. You always will be. Because you're my son."
"THAT'S NOT HOW IT WORKS." I got right up in his face. In my dad's face. Because this was important, and if my dad would let me get tortured then I decided he wasn't my dad anymore. Because no. Because if he were my dad and he let that happen--how could he be my dad and let that happen? She tortured me. How could this be my dad? Isn't your dad supposed to be a good guy? Aren't dads supposed to protect you? But he--he didn't. He didn't protect me. He treated getting electric shocked for two days like it was a spanking.
My dad stood looking down at me.
"I did my best, Dad." I wanted him to tell me I was doing okay. That's all I wanted.
"You'll get another chance, John-John. Until you get it right. Now. Let's all go to the debriefing room and I'll give you and your friend Beth your next assignmAAAAUGH."
Dad shot forward with his shoulders, like he was a leaping jungle cat, and then flopped facedown on the hard floor of the storeroom, motionless. His head hit the floor hard.
Beth gave me a look of satisfaction as Mr. Nickers spun around, looking for what had happened, and grabbed his ankle and howled as some kind of giant centipede bit him. I grabbed Beth's hand and we ran. She led me up the stairwell and through corridors to a room with a ladder--I insisted she go first, for obvious reasons. (No underwear.) We crawled down what looked like the longest ventilation shaft in the world and came out in the principal's office of my old elementary school.
I stood in the entryway, tugging my uncle's shirt down even though it came to my knees. Beth opened the outer door, but I didn't want anyone to see me like this.
"Just come out. We need to get out of here. We can walk to my house," Beth said.
"First of all," I said, looking at the outer door of the school, "there are people out there and they'll think I'm wearing a dress. Second, we never told my uncle where we're going, and they'll be searching high and low for us and get themselves caught. And third?"
Beth gave me a look. "Third?" she said.
"And third, there is no third. Those are the two things."
The touchscreen tablet twinkled on. She guided a robot I didn't recognize down the ladder.
"I wouldn't do this for anyone but you," she said. "Really. I'd just leave them down there forever. To rot." I stood in the school entryway, watching her finger swoop across the tablet, and I waited.
Before she had finished, a familiar face appeared in the window of the school's front door. Shirena waved and jumped up and down. I pointed to the unlocked door. She opened it and stuck her head in.
"Hey nerfgun. Who's the white girl?"
"Beth Enslow," she muttered.
"Who stole your pants?"
"Long story," I said.
"I got a car outside. Where's my sister?"
Still staring crossly at her computer screen, Beth murmured, "In the tunnel."
"You okay, Johnny?" Shirena asked me. I shrugged.
It didn't take too long for my uncle to show up. He insisted on using the men's bathroom to clean the orange goo off. The two ancestor-people were there and went with him, although Jericha just wiped her boots on the carpet and was done. I could tell that Jericha and Beth weren't happy with each other. We could deal with that later.
Then it was over. Shirena's parents gave me a blanket from their trunk to curl up in. I sat in the way back of their Cadillac SUV next to Jericha and Shirena. They pretty much forcibly ejected Beth to the front seat, because they wanted to sit beside me and also because their dad didn't want anyone who had slime on them in the front seat. Frankly we were all pretty gross, but Beth was the cleanest. Jericha's dad tried to make idle conversation with her, but she seemed uncomfortable talking to the dad of Jericha. Girls are like that, I think. Jericha's dad wasn't as insensitive as Beth's mom, and let Beth off the hook, chatting with my uncle instead, over his shoulder, for most of the ride.
"Too bad Jeri got caught up in this. Looks like it's defect or come in from the cold, after this," he bellowed at one point.
"I can get you a job at Illuminus," my uncle replied.
"You'd do that? For me?" Mr. White said. And the two hashed out the details over the ride to Jericha's house.
Jericha had the nicest house in Chevy Chase. It had columns. It was way bigger than my house, which was a regular old house. The brick façade had ornamental white marble laurel wreaths, the garage was separate and had room for four cars, and there was a horseshoe-shaped driveway.
"Are we going to be safe here until Illuminus sends a car?" my uncle asked Jericha's dad.
Mr. White winked, tapped his Obscura cell phone, and multi-barreled turrets rose up from beneath a birdbath and gazing globe and pointed to each of us in turn. Another tap and the turrets retracted into the ground.
Jericha's dad laughed. "And that's just the defenses I'll admit to. We'll be safe. C'mon inside, it's late enough fry a clock on the dashboard."
I liked Mr. White. He was funny. I hoped he was trustworthy, too. Nowadays that's what I look for in people. Trustworthiness.
"Think I've got some boy's clothes here somewheres," he said as we walked in through the high front door and everyone but me slid their shoes off next to a line of shoes. I wiped my bare feet on the rug. The house smelled clean and different. I had modestly brought the blanket from the car inside with me. Jericha's dad brought me a change of clothes that were all too big, but way better than being naked. I slipped into the bathroom and changed.
The rest of that night seemed like a pleasant dream. Beth got her own room, and my uncle got the guest bed, and I curled up on a couch. A spacious living room full of giant cushions, a round chair that spun, and then it was morning.


Chapter Thirteen

Four haggard eyes were boring into me. Every time I wake up I'm being watched. Urgg.
My two proto-parents were in swivel chairs opposite me, staring. I swung my legs out over the edge of the squishy white chair, realizing I had left grayish sweat stains in the material, through my clothes. I must have had nightmares.
"Who are you?" I said to them. I needed to bathe, badly. So did they. But I wanted questions answered first.
"We. Are your parents," they said in guttural voices.
"No," I said. "My parents look just like you, but--"
"We. Are your real parents. There were . . . medical experiments. Your uncle Ivan tells . . . story better."
Let me stop the story here, so I can talk personally. There really aren't words to describe what it's like to be told your parents, the two people you love and trust the most in the whole world, the law of the land, have been lying to you about who they are. It's like waking up to find your house has been swallowed up by a surprise volcano, and you open the door and it's just volcano in every direction, and you don't know whether there's any way out or if the volcano will erupt explosively or if lava will just start to ooze up to your doorstep and you'll be surrounded and there'll be nowhere to run and it'll get you. Maybe there are safe places in this new volcano-house, but then again maybe there are no safe places anywhere anymore. And who knows whether the volcano of your new life is floating out to sea or not?
I should stop making up metaphors before they go crazy.
"Unc!" I shouted into the wide living room. Grumbles from another room. "UNC!" I called again, not even caring that it wasn't my house and Jericha's family were still asleep. I had to hear the story. Now. I had to hear the story now.
After a few more too-loud shouts, Jericha's dad shuffled out in a bathrobe and blue slippers and knocked on a nearby door. He turned the handle and murmured, "Your nephew's waking everybody up."
I needed my uncle to tell me the story. I needed it right now. My proto-parents (or real parents, I guess?) continued to stare at me. I wondered how long they had been down there in the pit.
My muzzy-eyed uncle emerged and wandered over in his undershirt and stretch black pants. "Whuzzit?" he asked, smacking his lips. He clearly wasn't at his best.
"They--" I pointed at my proto-parents, with their gangly arms and their long matted hair. "Say that they're my real--"
"Oh, yeah, yeah," my uncle muttered, patting his five o'clock shadow. "Yeah, I'll tell you the story. Can it wait till I've showered?"
I took a deep breath and nodded.
An hour later all four of us were clean and dressed in Mr. White's family's clothes. The microwave said it was 6:13am. No wonder they were so cheesed at me for waking them up. Jericha and Beth were both still asleep.
The four of us sat on the comfy white swivel chairs in the living room and faced each other. The ceiling above us was vaulted. My proto-dad had shaved and now looked like a hippie version of my regular dad, with long ponytailed hair and deep laugh lines, as if he hadn't hated being down in the pit, or at least as if he had made his peace with it.
"Here's the story," my uncle said. "The three of us brothers all have one fully functional human brain between us. The rest of it is artificial."
"You are robots after all," I whispered.
My uncle laughed, and my proto-dad gave me a big goony smile.
"No, it's all organic. Back in the seventies, Illuminus and Obscura were friendly and often collaborated. Illuminus focused on biological technology, while Obscura focused on robots. But Illuminus stumbled onto a technology called stem cells, which could be used to regrow body parts, and they needed someone to experiment on. After they regrew all the amputated limbs they could find--sometimes successfully, sometimes not--they wanted to see what else the technology could do."
"We . . . volunteered," my proto-mom said.
"They were--are--Obscura agents," my uncle added, indicating my proto-parents. "They had everything: a good career, love, friendship, and a stable life. And they were both top agents."
"Then why did you volunteer to have your brains cut up?" I asked.
My proto-dad grimaced. "When you . . . have nothing, you want something. But when you have everything, life is . . . very confusing. You don't stop wanting. But . . . sometimes there's nothing left to get."
"Except kids," said my proto-mom. "But career came first. And the brain experiment was . . . next step in our career." She sounded so much like my real--no, she was my real mother. I guess. What she sounded like was the aunt who had raised me. This was so difficult to puzzle together.
"So two clones were grown with advanced stem cell technology," my uncle Ivan continued, "and the brain was divided, regrown and transplanted. But it didn't go as planned."
"Stem cell parts . . . not as strong as natural brain. Brand-new neural tissue . . . not have a lifetime of connections," my proto-dad said.
"It's not too bad," my uncle went on. "At least for me. My wife and I got the right frontal lobe, Johnny Senior and his wife got the left frontal, and these two . . ."
"Cerebellum," grunted my proto-dad. "And medulla oblongata."
"The primate brain," said my uncle. "It didn't really take at first. My earliest memories are of this howler monkey sound--"
"Remember that too," my proto-dad said. "That . . . was me."
"They were violent, too. So they were locked away inside the stem cell lab with books and food until they had regrown their brain connections, while I had to struggle through thirteen years of basic arithmetic, and Johnny Senior was unable to comprehend the idea of disobedience or breaking from routine. For the first ten years he did the exact same thing every day. Oatmeal, reciting everybody's phone number out loud, I don't even know why, fifty push-ups and sit-ups, and then work. Tedious."
"He's still kind of like that," I said. "But wait. Hold on a second. Back in the jet you said you only knew about my dad, you didn't know about the third pair. Like, you went weird when I mentioned you were triplets."
"It was a lie, Johnny. I knew they existed. Very much so. I just didn't know where. But you did, and I needed you to tell me. I would have hoped you'd've picked up on that."
I scowled, but I kind of understood. It was part of being tricky, lying to get people to do what you need them to.
"So how did my dad turn into someone who could . . . torture his own son? That's something I still don't understand."
Uncle Ivan exhaled and rubbed his forehead. He stood and gave me a hug. His arms were hairy and strong and not at all like my dad's. My other dad--nevermind.
"If they had used . . . normal person's brain, never would have happened," my proto-mom said ruefully.
Jericha came in, saw that something big was going down and quietly moved to the kitchen and started making herself some breakfast. She came and sat at the periphery of our little circle with a bowl of cereal. Eggs were boiling on the stove, too.
"The thing about a spy's brain," my uncle said, giving Jericha a look and I guess deciding it was okay for her to overhear, "is that we wire a lot of complicated ideas into it. The idea that lying to the public is better than telling them the truth about all the nasty things we do, for example. Or the idea that it's okay to control somebody's mind in order to give them the strength to do extraordinary things. Or the idea of building a human being whose only purpose is to do a spy job, rather than ever living a normal vanilla life."
"Like Strange," Jericha said.
"That's right. Oh, you never met her, Johnny. She's--well, you'll probably meet her eventually. What I mean is, it takes a completely different type of brain--different from the bottom to the top--to reach a point where you accept that controlling people is okay. But all those different parts of a spy's brain have to work in concert or our ideas become distorted and deranged. That's what happened with us. All six of us are a little crazy, Johnny. If we had been smart, we would have paired up a Johnny with the Peggy with the opposite brain half, to make a complete brain between wife and husband. But we didn't have the foresight to marry our opposites. If we had, everything would be different. Instead we reinforced our damaged ideas by marrying someone with the same damaged ideas. I married another creative, irrational genius; my wife lost interest in spying and became a modern artist. Your stepfather, Johnny Senior, became a rigid, calculating man who's unable to accept that anyone might disobey him."
Stepfather. That was a word I could grab onto. Yeah. Stepfather.
"Your stepmother is unable to disobey authority. And your real parents have spent the last thirteen years developing basic higher intelligence."
"Smarter than you think . . . smart guy. Good motor skills." My proto-dad pulled a desk lamp's cord out of the wall, threw the entire lamp into the air, caught it and flicked the plug so that it stuck into the socket. He flicked it on, but it didn't turn on.
"Difficult angle," my proto-mom said politely. My proto-dad sheepishly got up and plugged the lamp the rest of the way in. It was still pretty impressive.
Then. . . .
"Real parents?" I said. "Why are they my real parents?"
"Stem cell bodies . . . sterile," my proto-mom said.
"What's sterile mean?" I asked. "Exactly?"
"None of us can have children," my uncle said, "except them." He gestured at my proto-parents.
"You had me?" I exclaimed. "Not . . . down in that pit?"
"Pit was cleaner, back then," said my proto-mom. "Lab floor. Obscura gave us doctors for . . . delivery."
"I was born in that pit," I murmured. Jericha flashed me a look of sympathy. "And Steven?"
My proto-parents nodded.
"What about that blonde chick in Russia?" Jericha asked.
"How do you know about my daughter?" my uncle exclaimed.
Jericha smirked at him. "How do you think, spy-man?"
Ivan scowled. "We worked so hard to protect her from Obscura," he said. "No, she's adopted."
I got up and hugged my biological mother. My biological father wrapped me up in his arms, and in the embrace of new, maybe better parents, I was able to reject my old, demented parents. A little. I was happy to meet them. Confused and messed-up, but happy.
For almost the whole hug, I didn't remember what Wolfgang Rocketry had implanted in me. Then I remembered.


Epilogue

It took my uncle almost three hours to convince Illuminus to let Jericha's dad into the building. They bounced from security guard to administrator to floor manager, trying to convince everyone that Mr. White was a good guy. Us three kids--Shirena wasn't invited yet--waited in a hotellishly decorated foyer. Mr. White, who looked really nervous for a grown-up, waited with us as my uncle argued with the Illuminus. Mr. White kept pacing in his goofy flip-flop shoes and powder blue button-up shirt and white shorts, waiting for news. Beth and Jericha weren't speaking, but both of them sat next to me. And 'cause they're girls, they both sensed that I was having a hard time with everything and everything else. So we sat together and let Mr. White pace.
My uncle finally came in with a short tweedy man in a pencil mustache, flanked by a pair of burly guards.
"We'll need a full-body scan," the tweedy man said snippishly.
Mr. White nodded and said of course, and they led him away.
From behind my uncle stepped a very peculiar person.
Her hair was completely shaved, although she didn't look like a cancer patient. Six bracketed bolts stuck out from the sides of her forehead like some new kind of Frankenstein, or maybe a Star Trek alien. Her eyes were covered with steel domes. She wore a pair of sunglasses over them, but instead of glass, the sunglasses had purplish-green convex camera lenses, connected to her domed eyes with wires. Set inside her cheeks were two huge gauge thru-piercings like punk earlobes. You could see her teeth through her cheeks, which looked sunken-in. It all looked like she was Elton John in his weird period, or something from cyberpunk science fiction.
"Hi, Strange," said Jericha quietly.
Beth didn't say anything, but bit her lip and looked crestfallen.
"It's just Kendra," the Frankenstein girl said.
Jericha said, "I'm sorry I zapped you."
Kendra nodded. "I'm getting rebuilt next week, but until then I'll be like this. It's okay."
Toward the group of us marched the tweedy man with the Vincent Price mustache. "The Illuminus has kept up with your exploits. We've all been very impressed and would like you four to work together in the future." His voice was nasal and super irritating. "Would you be interested in being a team?"
Jericha and Beth gave each other a long look. Jericha poked me, Beth flicked her eyes to Kendra, and finally everyone looked at me, like I was the one who was supposed to make these kinds of decisions.
"Yeah," I said, surreptitiously rubbing my cheek. I wondered whether I was betraying everybody.


Acknowlogies and Apoledgements

I'm not the first person to tell a story about kids who are spies. There's Spy Kids, for example. And the Alex Rider books, which I hadn't read when I started writing My Dad is a Secret Agent. But the biggest influence on this book was an old TV show called James Bond Jr which everyone my age (28 in 2013) probably remembers. It wasn't a great show exactly, but it was all about being the nephew of a spy (even though his name is James Bond Jr. and that doesn't make any sense at all.) Men in Black was also influential, as were the original James Bond movies, plus Dr. Zhivago and Austin Powers.
What the book is about, more than anything else, is the Bush and Obama administrations, which were happening when I was just starting to pay attention to politics. The country was having arguments about torture, about war, about spying and surveillance, and I listened to all the arguments and came up with my own ideas about them. In case you're wondering, I think torture is wrong, I think surveillance is bad, and I disapprove of spies. Those are my own personal thoughts, and you don't have to agree, although you can if you want.
The idea of a team of spies working together to infiltrate a base was probably inspired by a great TV show called Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex, which I used to be totally nuts about. It has a lot of stories about biotechnology, which were influential too.
William Gibson's books, and Neuromancer in particular, were important. Strange resembles Molly a little.
Unlike some of my other books, the names in this book don't have any secret dark origins, although Smilin' Strange comes from the lyrics to the theme song of another old Nickelodeon show called The Adventures of Pete and Pete. I chose the name Lucia from a movie called The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, and Johnny from Johnny Quest. I made the name Jericha up. I don't know whether anyone on Earth has that name. Beth Enslow is another made-up name, but her character is modeled pretty closely on a girl I dated once. So is Strange. Different girls.
For legal reasons, I can't confirm or deny that Mr. Nickers is pretty close to my own high school principal. Although he totally is. Mr. Fox may or may not resemble the new assistant principal at that same high school. He may or may not have been a total jerk. (He was.) Coach MacGregor resembles every doofy big-headed sports coach in all the schools I ever attended. I just refuse to believe that's actually the way real human beings are. It's got to be a disguise.


About the Author

James Comins is a very important man. He lives in Denver. He writes stories for kids and grown-ups.
Listen to him tweeting, contact him or visit his Smashwords page for more stories.
