My Life Would Suck Without You
An Indie Author Anthology
Stories Compiled and Formatted by Krystal George
Featuring Stories From:
Krystal George
Amber Streed
Elizabeth Lorraine
Heather Kirchhoff
Patrick Van Slyke
Cindy Bartolotta
Bree Vanderland
Amanda Alberson
Chasity Tarantino
Courtney Houston
DL Kelly
Mark Mackey
Kim Stevens
Twinkle (Sugandha) Varshney
Book Cover Design by Krystal George

Each Story was Edited by the Author and Formatted by Krystal George

For all of the Readers
This is a compilation of stories written for you
Thank you for your continued dedication and support of what we do

Home
By Krystal George
©2014 by Krystal George

“I can’t believe that you are blowing me off for some homework assignment.”
I groaned inwardly and rolled my eyes, thankful that we were on the phone and not face to face. “You know that this is important to me, Jake. I need to ace this project or I’m going to get grounded. Then we really wouldn’t be able to spend any time together.”
He let out a massive sigh on the other end of the phone. “Your parents are so lame. It’s like they don’t even remember what it’s like to be in high school.”
I smiled sadly and continued stuffing my backpack so I’d be ready to go. “I know, I know,” I told him, “hopefully after this weekend they will cut me some slack.”
“Yeah, okay. Call me later.”
After ending the call and sliding my cell phone into my pocket, I sat on the edge of the bed. The truth was I wasn’t who my friends thought I was. I wasn’t really the head cheerleader or the homecoming queen. It wasn’t really me dating Jake Harbor, star quarterback. It was all just a disguise, a distraction from the girl I knew I was deep inside; the girl that no one would want to be friends with if they knew the truth. Sometimes I even shocked myself with how well I played that role. 
“Janie – are you ready to go?” My mom called from downstairs.
“Just give me a sec,” I yelled back.
I looked around my room, fearful that this was the last time I would ever see it. I always felt that way when I left. I had learned at an early age that life was fickle, an illusion of safety that could never be trusted. Pictures of my friends were tacked up on my walls, dried flowers from past occasions hung from my ceiling, and yesterdays dirty clothes spilled from my hamper. Taking a deep breath, I slung my backpack over my shoulder and backed out of my room, closing the door softly as I went.
A few minutes later and we were in the car and on the road. Four times a year we had to make this drive. Four times a year my parents pleaded with the elders to forgive my sins and let us back in. Four times a year they were denied. It was almost comforting in the predictability of it all, except that this time felt different.
“It’s going to be okay, Janie,” my dad said from the front seat, obviously sensing my mood. “It’s been five years. They are bound to have forgotten by now.”
I nodded, but didn’t voice my own thoughts out loud. They would never forget. My punishment was that neither would I.
*****
I awoke to the sound of thunder and the rustling of ferocious winds. Rain was pelting the windshield of the car and the only light was coming from the lightning punishing the skies with each electric bolt. It wasn’t like me to fall asleep. Something was wrong.
Noticing my parents were not in the car, I pushed the back door opened and braced myself against the force of the storm. We were already at the beach. I could see my parents on the edge of the pier. My mother was burying her face in her hands and my father was gesturing wildly with his arms. So much for forgetting, I thought bitterly. Then a scream tore from my throat.
A wave surged up from the ocean and turned into a massive watery hand. Without even a moment of hesitation it swung at my parents, effectively knocking them off the wooden pier and into the swirling murky water below.
The sand clung to my feet as I ran toward them, the water from the rain mixing with the soft surface and turning it into glue. “Mom,” I screamed as I ran, “Dad!” My only answer the angry howling of the wind and the occasional boom of the thunder.
Rain pelted at my scalp, pulling my long blond hair from its clip and dragging it down into my face, chocking across my throat, and dripping down my back. My muscles were screaming with the effort of running and I had to put all of my strength into getting on to that pier. My breaths began stinging as my chest begged for relief and my heart felt like it was squeezing through my ribcage.
“Mom! Dad!” I sobbed, falling to the ground and sinking into the surface. “Please, it’s my fault! Why are you punishing them?”
I pushed as hard as I could to pull myself out of the sand, but it might as well have been quicksand for all of the good it did. My arms collapsed beneath me and the tears and rain mixed together as they both ran down my face. With my adrenaline ebbing away, my vision began to blur and darkness once again pulled me under.
*****
The next time I awoke, the sun was beginning to rise over the sea and everything was calm and bright. I was half buried in sand and the scratchy crystals had made their way under my clothes, irritating the skin underneath until I longed to strip down to nothing and cleanse myself in the salty water that was sparkling so invitingly in front of me.
But no matter how tempting it was, I knew that I couldn’t do that. In the water that had so ruthlessly taken my parents the night before would be an even crueler fate waiting for me. I shivered despite the warmth and tried to shake the feeling that a million eyes were centered on me. Crawling toward the pier, I made my way underneath it instead of on top of it. Soon, the beach would be filling with people and I needed a place to get my feelings under control.
Sun filtered through the beams and I sat back against one of them, as far from the water as I could safely manage. I had lost my shoes sometime through the night and I pulled off my stiff muddy socks letting my toes dig into the softer sand, kept cool by the shade of the pier. My heart ached to scoot closer and let the water slide over my feet and legs, but I hugged my arms across my chest and resisted the urge.
It wasn’t until a little while later, when my nerves had finally settled and my mind was calm enough to begin formulating a plan, that I realized I wasn’t alone. He was quiet. If I was the person I pretended to be, I wouldn’t have heard him at all; or at least not until he opened his mouth.
“Why don’t you jump in? It’s a nice day.”
I looked up and had to shade my eyes with my hand to actually see him. “I hardly think that’s your business,” I told him.
To my utter disbelief, he plopped down in the sand next to me. “You’re probably right.”
We sat that way for a few minutes. My brain was trying to come up with ways to tell him to take a hike, but my curiosity was overruling my brain. I could smell the seaweed and the salt on his skin. I knew that he was one of us. What I didn’t know was why he was sitting in the sand next to me.
“Do you miss it?” He finally asked.
My head snapped in his direction. “Do I know you?” I asked coolly.
He smiled and I couldn’t deny that he was really cute. There was also something familiar about him; something in the way his dimple flashed that had my heart aching.
“Probably not,” he winked, “but I know you.” He stood up and held his hand out for me. “Come on, I can help you find your parents.”
I frowned. “My parents are dead.”
He shook his head, “nah, they just want you to think that they are. I can help you get them back.”
Ignoring his hand I hugged my knees into my chest. “If you know me, you know that I can’t go in there,” I said, gazing longingly at the water. A small glimmer of hope was beginning to form in my chest, though. Could he be right? Could my parents be alive?
He laughed. “Afraid? That’s not the Janie I remember.” Before I could comment on that he reached down and grabbed my hands. “No one can stop you from going home Jane. Not even them.”
I shuddered because I realized that I was being watched. Out in the distance I could just make out the shape of someone. Her eyes bored into mine even from that distance and after a few seconds with our gazes locked, she sunk beneath the surface.
Desire was spreading through my veins. Eager to submerge in the water of my home, my skin tingled for the change. “I am afraid,” I whispered.
The boy was already naked and walking toward the surf. He looked back sadly at me and shrugged. “Then you will never know.”
He dove into the water just as I yelled “wait!” and I was once again alone. My heart began hammering in my chest. My legs began to shake, ready, so very ready to feel the smooth water sliding against my skin. I began to whimper from my need; a need so severe that I felt like my entire body was on fire and the only relief would be to jump. Closing my eyes and stripping down to nothing I did what it was begging me to do. I dove in after him.
*****
The fire in my skin turned slowly to a gentle glow. My legs began to mold together as the scales I had missed for so many years began turning my exposed skin to a beautiful shimmering green. Air left my lungs as discreet gills broke apart behind each of my ears. My eyes began to adjust to the darkness of the deeper water and I rejoiced as everything began to come alive in front of me.
I didn’t even have time to wonder if the elders would punish me for this; it felt too good to think about anything else. Fish swam past me in schools; unafraid of me as I was as much a part of their world as they were of mine. Seaweed floated from floor of the ocean and began filling my soul with scents from my past.
Just across from me, the boy from the beach was staring at me with a flush highlighting his cheeks. “What?” I asked him.
It took him a moment and then he finally shook his head. “It’s just that you, um, well you’ve grown up since the last time you were in the water.”
I looked down in horror, realizing I was completely naked from the waist up. I crossed my arms over my chest and turned away from him, the sound of his laughter echoing behind me. I was mortified. Why hadn’t I thought of that?
From over my shoulder he handed me a few thick bands of seaweed. I quickly secured them across my chest and suppressed a shiver as I felt his fingers brush against my back while he tied them for me.  “Thank you,” I told him, turning to look back at him.
A moment of pure electricity passed through us and for a few seconds I was sure that he was going to lean closer and kiss me. My lips tingled in anticipation and parted, welcoming his embrace. It never came.
“I, uh, didn’t really see much,” he said motioning to where he had been floating before. “I mean it was kind of murky and, um, your hair was covering most of you, and…” he faltered and then moved away from me.
My heart swelled with disappointment and I had to shake myself out of it. I had a BOYFRIEND. What was I thinking? “Oh, um, well thanks for your help.”
He motioned toward the heart of the sea, away from the shore. “Are you ready to go home?”
I shook my head. “That isn’t my home anymore.”
He smiled sadly. “It will always be your home Jane.”
I considered this and then shook my head again. “No. After what happened they took that away from me.”
He began swimming away, leaving me no choice but to follow after him. Every once in a while we would pass over what looked like fire at the bottom of the ocean, but he didn’t say anything about it and I didn’t ask. Things had changed since I’d been away.
“Why did they take them?” I finally asked eager to break the silence.
He shrugged. “I can only guess at the actions of the elders.”
I waited but he didn’t say anything more. “Well? What’s your guess?”
He stopped swimming and floated in place looking beyond our immediate surroundings. “I think they were baiting you to come back.”
I frowned. “Why would they do that? We’ve been asking for years for our exile to be lifted. Why now?”
He shrugged again. “Things have changed Janie. The wars have begun.”
If I could have sat down, I would have. My heart felt like a weight had been attached to it, dragging me down into the depths of the ocean; too far down for even those of my kind to visit. “Was it…” I began and then had to close my eyes for a moment. “Was it my fault?”
I felt his fingers intertwine with mine and looked down at our hands. “It was no one person’s fault. They may lead you to believe otherwise, but many mistakes have been made. The worst of them by those who strive to lead us.”
Again I was struck by a sudden and fierce familiarity of him. “Who are you?” I whispered.
“You wouldn’t remember me,” he said with a smile. “But when we were younger I followed you and Amara around like a tamed shark.”
I gasped. “Vander? But you must hate me!”
He laughed. “Why would you think that?”
“Because…because…Amara…” was all I could say.
“I didn’t follow the two of you because of the princess,” he said softly.
It took a moment for his words to sink in. Once they did, the meaning became clear. A flush spread across my cheeks and down my neck, centering somewhere behind my belly button. “Oh.” I looked down and watched as my fin swayed back and forth in the current.
His finger found my chin and lifted my face so that my violet eyes met his turquoise ones. This was the moment, once again here and waiting for once of us to act on it. Jake’s face flashed through my mind. The life I had learned to lead was the only one I knew now. I wasn’t here to come home. I was here to get my parents and go home. I turned away from him.
“We should keep going,” I told him.
He stared at me for a moment, neither sad nor happy, just as if he was figuring something out in his own head. When he finally nodded, I felt the first pangs of regret. “As you wish.” He pointed toward a path that was barely visible even to my well trained eye. “Atlantis awaits you.”
*****
I couldn’t believe the destruction that we swam past. For the last five years I had pictured Atlantis the way we had left it. Never changing, just glowing in its perfection and providing security to those who lived within its walls. I had been naïve and idiotic to believe that it would stay that way. Not with Amara gone. Even the fish we passed by seemed to know that something was wrong.
“Where are the guardians?”
Vander stopped and scratched at his black hair. “Gone,” he replied, “switched sides.”
I swallowed hard and nodded, not able to trust myself to speak. When I had lived here, my parents had worked with the guardians to keep us safe. From orcas, to squid, and even a stray ray or two had been known to guard our secrets; keeping the humans from finding us for all of these years. To know that they were our enemies now was heartbreaking.
A few sallow faced mermen swam by, not even noticing or caring that I was among them. Maybe I wasn’t going to be punished. Maybe Vander was right and they were trying to lure me back. I just wasn’t sure I was ready to find out why. 
There was a burning need to tell Vander the truth burning inside of me. I had never told her secret before now, but somehow seeing all that had happened since that awful day, I needed to tell someone the truth about what happened. 
“Vander, I…” I began, but it was too late. Three merman with eyes as steely gray as the ocean and beards woven with small shells swam toward us.
“We have been asked to escort you to the palace Jane.”
Vander swam in front of me. “I have things under control.”
One of the elders laughed. “You got her here. That was your only charge.”
My eyes narrowed and pushed past him, “you were a part of this?”
“Janie I can explain…”
“No,” I said, holding my hand up to stop him. “I would have never gotten in the water if it wasn’t for you. So I’ll thank you for convincing me to jump, but I would have rather come on my own terms.”
Another of the elders chuckled, “she always did have spirit this one.”
“Jane, please let me explain,” Vander pleaded.
I shook my head sadly. “There is nothing to explain.” I turned to the elders. “Please lead the way.”
“Janie wait!”
I kept swimming. The four of us swam in a single line. Two of them were in front of me and two of them behind me. It reminded me of a funeral procession, and my heart was just as heavy. Why had I trusted him? Because he had been a part of my past? Because he had gorgeous turquoise eyes? Or was it simply because he enticed me to do something I had been afraid to do for the past five years? Either way, I was over it. I couldn’t trust anyone here. Isn’t that was Amara had told me that day?
All around us, mermaids and mermen stopped what they were doing and watched as we swam by. There was no question now that I was a person of interest. I wouldn’t be with the elders if I wasn’t. Some of them may have even recognized me. I was almost positive that I heard the word traitor whispered a few times, but I could have just been paranoid.
The castle was the only thing that seemed unchanged to me. Its walls still shone with abalone shells and gems that sparkled in the water. It was still intimidating and cold; a fortress more than a home. Amara had hated it there. She had felt oppressed and bounded by its rules. I shivered remembering the last time I had been there. The trial – they had wanted to kill me. It wasn’t until the last possible minute that King Ativi had spared my life, hoping that one day I would lead him to the daughter he had lost.
“Janie! Thank the Gods.” My mother yelled when she saw me. My father looked up from his where he was chained to the floor and smiled slightly in relief.
Warmth flooded through me. So Vander had been right all along. Then I mentally kicked myself. Of course he was – he was one of them. He had been involved with their plans from the start; had probably even been there watching me as I fell apart in the storm.
“Mom! Dad! I was so afraid.”
Ignoring the outraged class from my so called jailors, I swam to them and hugged them both. The chains that contained them dug into my skin, but I didn’t care. It felt so good to see them. Other than being locked up, they looked virtuously unharmed and I had to remember to thank the King for that. I didn’t have to wait long.
With hair flowing behind him and eyes the color of a black sea urchin, King Ativi swam to his thrown. The elders flocked to his sides and smirked at me as though they knew that my punishment was coming. I braced myself for the worst.
“Well, well, well… if it isn’t little Janie. The mermaid I practically raised as one of my own you were so close to my Amara.”
I bowed as was customary. “King Ativi, I want to thank you for bringing no harm to my parents.”
He laughed, but it was cruel almost unnatural sound. “Yet…” he murmured, considering us. “I wonder little Janie if you are ready to tell us all the truth about the princess once and for all.”
My heart stopped beating. “I have told you all I know,” I answered, my voice wavering slightly.
“I don’t believe you. Five years ago we found you sobbing on the stairs of the palace because you claimed that Amara had been killed. We have received information that leads me to believe that you lied. Now seeing as how you were exiled because I couldn’t stand the sight of you after what you claimed had happened to my daughter, something had to have happened that you felt was worth giving up your life for.”
I gulped and shook my head, prepared to die before telling them the truth. “Amara was killed that day, your highness.”
“Bring in the prisoner,” the king yelled.
A door opened toward the back of the chamber and a young merman brought forward a beautiful and regal looking prisoner. I gasped when I recognized her. She was never supposed to return.
“Annessa… but why?”
The girl who had been mine and Amara’s best friend, a soldier committed to protecting the princess at all times, looked at me as if she had never seen me before. 
“I don’t have time to play these games your highness,” she said coolly. “I have told you what you wanted to hear. The princess is not dead. She has simply been forgotten.”
Tears streamed from my eyes. We had all promised. My only thought was that at least it hadn’t been me to betray the princess.
*****
I was locked in a cell… again. 
I buried my head in my hands and let the tears come. In all of these years I hadn’t allowed myself a chance to cry. I had remained strong and kept Amara’s secret. I hadn’t shed a tear when I had been exiled to the human world. I had faked a life I had grown to love. I had pretended to be something I wasn’t and found friends who had accepted me for who they thought I was. Now I didn’t know which girl was really me. The mermaid trapped in a cell in the heart of Atlantis… or the captain of the cheer squad with a boyfriend waiting at home for me to call him. It was all so confusing.
Amara’s piercing green eyes kept stabbing through my mind. I could still remember the urgency in their depths, the power I felt emanating from her when she confessed about her powers and those who were trying to use her for harm. The promise that the wars were starting and if we had any hope of victory, she had to go away.
The plan had been simple. She would run away with Annessa and I would tell the world that she had been killed; eaten by a creature from the depths of the ocean. It wasn’t unheard of. Merpeople disappeared all of the time. Annessa vowed to stay with Amara and keep her safe. She promised that she would never let the wrong hands get a hold of her power. That was the last I had seen of either of them. Until today.
The door of my cell opened with a bang and I looked up, shocked to see both Vander and Annessa standing in the opening.
“What are you doing here,” I mumbled through my grief.
“Rescuing you,” Annessa stated. “Unless you prefer to live what’s left of your life here.”
Vander swam forward and quickly relieved me of my chains. “But how?”
“I’m not who I used to be,” he said. “Atlantis has been compromised.”
“Yeah, yeah. You’re a big bad solider. So what, I’ve been a protector practically my whole life,” Annessa told him rolling her eyes.
His flashed angrily at her. “Fabulous job you did too. If Lydon hadn’t found you and brought you back here, you’d still be living in the human world, oblivious to who you really are.”
I looked back and forth between them. “Did I miss something?”
Vander shook his head. “It’s not important. Right now we just need to get you and your parents out of here and safely back in the human world.”
“But what about Amara?”
“She is still safe,” Annessa said. “A year ago we escaped a raid sent by the elders to find her. She had a plan. She gave me her identity and a new life in the human world.”
“Where did she go?”
“She went to the Forgotten. Her powers were too great. She needed their protection and from what I can assess… it worked. She is hidden for now, but it won’t be long until the King finds her.”
We were swimming fast through the castle now and I stopped at her words. “The King? What do you mean? That’s her father, why would she be hiding from him?”
Annessa grabbed hold of my arm and began pulling me along with her. Vander was swimming ahead of us. “Do you remember what she said that day? Trust no one. Her father is the enemy, Jane. He always has been. His plan is to use her power to bring destruction to the human world so that Atlantis can rise again.”
“Then why am I leaving? I can help.”
She shook her head. “No. It’s not safe. He will try to torture you for information and when you give him nothing, he will kill you.”
We were already in the great chamber where my parents were detained. I saw signs of a battle and wondered briefly if it had just been Annessa and Vander against the elders.
“We must hurry. They will awake soon,” Annessa said, pulling my parents toward the exit. “Vander will escort you from here, but you must hurry.”
It was all happening so fast, I couldn’t wrap my head around it. “What about you?”
She smiled. “I am a warrior. My place is here. I will keep the princess safe.”
She turned and swam away, leaving me staring after her until both my parents and Vander urged me on.
*****
We reached the beach without any problems. Annessa had been true to her word and I knew that at least here, we were safe. My parents were in denial about it all, they didn’t want to believe that their King could be so corrupt. But the crawled onto the beach and I watched as their fins returned to human legs and they collapsed in the sand.
“I guess that this is goodbye,” Vander said quietly, bobbing in the surf next to me.
“Vander… I’m sorry,” I told him. “I should have trusted you.”
He smiled. “You had no reason to trust me.” He blushed. “Besides… I lied to you.”
I frowned. “When?”
He looked deeply into my eyes. “When I gave you the seaweed and told you I didn’t see anything.”
I laughed and hit him playfully in the arm. “That’s the least of my worries.” I turned and looked toward the ocean. “Please be safe.”
When I turned back to him, he was closer to me than he had been before. “I will,” he promised.
His head bent toward me and as much as I wanted him to kiss me, I knew that I wasn’t that girl. I had a boyfriend. I put my finger against his lips and watched his open sadly. “It’s not our time, is it?”
I shook my head, a tear sliding from my eye. “No.”
He nodded. “You better get out there,” he pointed to my parents and then grinned. “And I promise I won’t look.”
I laughed and then swam to the beach, hoisting myself in the sand. The tingling began; fire shooting through my body and tearing my fin into two pieces. When I was fully human, I turned back to the ocean, hoping to get once last glimpse of Vander… but he was gone.
*****
The weeks after our journey to Atlantis were excruciating. My parents jumped each time the phone rang or someone knocked at the door. I became withdrawn from my friends. I quit the squad and spent most of my time researching strange oceanic behavior on the internet. The war was raging on. Of that I was sure.
Jake was attentive at first. Calling and coming over to make sure that I was okay. Then I saw a picture on Facebook that proved he had been cheating on me with one of the other cheerleaders. He didn’t have to break up with me, I took care of that. He was just lucky that I didn’t break his nose in the process.
My heart became heavier and heavier with time, and a month after returning home, I knew what I had to do. My parents decided to stay where they were. It had really taken a toll on them to learn the truth. Still, they drove me to the beach and stood on the pier as I made my dive and chose one world over the other.
I was half way to Atlantis, when my journey was detoured. Rebel camps had surfaced all around the city, stopping anyone from entering and explaining their cause. Once it was known that King Ativi and the elders were the real enemy of Atlantis, it didn’t take long to convince others to join the armies being formed.
It was at one of these camps that I learned of Annessa’s disappearance. I could only assume that she was okay and had made it safely to the Forgotten. There was no word of Vander.
Days passed fluidly until I wasn’t aware of the time passing. It all just seemed like an endless void to me anyway. Battles were fought and victories were seen on both sides of the war. I moved to a rebel camp that was close to the gates of Atlantis. I wanted to be close in case there was any news of the princess or of Vander.
It was there, after one of the many battles that I found him. He had been injured, but he was okay. When he saw me swimming toward him, his eyes opened wide in shock.
“Am I dead?” He asked softly.
I smiled and shook my head. “No. You’re safe… I’ve found you at last.” I knelt beside him and put my hand over his on his stomach.
“You shouldn’t have come back,” he whispered, turning his hand so that he could twine his fingers through mine.
“I had to,” I whispered back.
“Why?”
I bent and kissed him. It was a kiss full of tenderness and passion; full of promises of things to come and a life to share together.
“Because my life… any life I choose… would suck without you,” I whispered against his lips.
I felt him smile and then he wrapped his arms around me and I knew that despite the uncertainties of our world, I was finally home.

Vengeful Darkness
By Amber Streed
©2014 by Amber Streed

Living in New Orleans is a privilege for me. I love everything about the Creole lifestyle; the music, the food, the art-it always has me under its spell. Wisteria line my street; which makes it an absolute blessing to drive down every day. Some say my job as a waitress is lame, but I actually really enjoy my job. I also work with a great bunch of people-my manager Maybelle, who is kind to the bone and protective like my grandma; the cook Charles, who is literally in love with his job and not only cooks the best gumbo in the world but he also sings joyously while doing it…then there’s Ophelia or Mama Ophie as I call her. She’s my saving grace. Oh, and there’s Tess. Tess is a different kind of person. She’s nice but you can tell there’s something sinister always brewing in her eyes. She’s quiet and keeps to herself and is nothing like me. I like to chat with everyone, find out their stories. I like to joke and laugh and make people do the same. I’m the kind of girl most people want to be around because I’m always happy. Tess on the other hand tries her hardest NOT to get to know you. The less she knows about you the better. Her appearance would give you some hints too. Her hair is always down in her face. Her eyes are always black with liner and shadow. Nothing about her screams personality or warmth. I guess that’s why Maybelle has her do back office tasks and bussing tables. Working with the public is not her greatest strength. Thank goodness I have Ophelia. She's been a waitress here for over thirty years. She’s like a mother to me. She always makes sure I’ve eaten breakfast and that I make it safely home at night with a good meal. She brings me dinner and cooks me homemade chicken noodle soup when I’m sick. It’s weird though, she always has some way of making me feel better. I don’t know what she does to that soup, or what she puts in the water she soaks cloths in to lay on my forehead, but it always works. I don’t know what I would do without her loving hugs and cheerful smile. 
My best friend Liz left me here all by myself. She was born and raised in New Orleans too but her life’s calling recently took her far away from me. So needless to say, we need a new waiter or waitress. Thankfully there are plenty of applicants and one of them is super cute. After interviews I bugged Maybelle for three days for any news, even just his name. Finally after a week of indecisiveness she decided on Avery; the new kid in town. All the buzz was that his dad was an Attorney working on a huge case here and decided to move the family from Georgia to Louisiana. All I could think about was his eyes. Bright green and full of life. He was a quintessential southern gentleman. The kind that opens doors and pulls out a chair for a lady. I was particularly attracted to that for some reason. But more than that he was genuine, and I totally dig that in anyone.
“So Maybelle, give me the dish on Avery.” I said with a wink.
“Oh child, you get your own information. I ain’t playin’ matchmaker here!” She demanded. In her sweet voice, as not to cause an argument. 
“Okay Okay. When does he start so I can interrogate him, huh...huh?” I asked annoyingly as I poked her in the arm.
“Tomorrow morning child! Now get!” She snarled as she lightly smacked me on my head.
I giggled and went back to my tables. Now I really had something to look forward to in the morning, besides Mama Ophie’s biscuits and gravy. 
I tried to sleep but I was so excited to meet this guy. I hadn’t had a male in my life for too long. The next morning Tess came in looking quite normal. She looked pretty for once. I hadn’t noticed how gorgeous her eyes were, now that they weren’t caked in black powder. She even seemed happy. Maybe the idea of a cute guy working here had her hormones erupting too. 
She went to the back to do inventory and Mama Ophie walked in with a grin on her face and steaming hot plate of biscuits and gravy. 
“Here child you go get some food in that belly. I will get your tables set up while you eat shuga’.” She spoke slow and gently. I smiled and gave her my tightest hug, kissed her on the cheek and went into the break area to eat. As soon as I stuffed the first bite into my mouth and made myself look like a complete slob, Maybelle walked in with Avery.
“Oh Avery, this is Alyssa. She’s just been dying to meet your likeness.”
Avery reaches out to shake my hand and me being my clumsy self, as I reach over to shake his, I knock over my entire plate of food onto my black pants. 
“Smooth Alyssa.” I say as I smack my forehead in pure shame.
He laughs. God his laugh is sexy. “Here, let me help you clean that up ma’am.” He chuckles gently.
My cheeks are red I can feel it. Even the tips of my ears are hot with embarrassment. Maybelle runs into the back room to grab some towels and a bowl of water. 
As I bend down to begin cleaning the floor, so does he and our heads hit hard. What is wrong with me? Can I be more of a klutz? I wipe my pants and my hands, and reach out to finally shake his.
“I’m so sorry. Nice to meet you Avery.” I say shyly.
“The pleasure is all mine Miss. Are you alright?” 
“Yes, sorry I am a bit off today.” I say as I shake my head in shame.
“All right, let’s go meet the rest of the crew.” Maybelle interrupts.
Our eyes connect at that moment as if to say no, not yet! But it is too late, she whisks him away from me. Being the crafty girl I am, I have spots that I know of in the café that are wonderful for spying. I hide my face behind the wall and see Maybelle introduce Avery to Tess. I watch her eyes light up with joy as he shakes her hand. He is polite, and sweet. Maybe almost to the point where a girl could get the wrong idea. I never saw Tess smile the way she did when she saw him. I knew at that point that things could get ugly. I am up for the challenge, Avery seems like the kind of guy that is worth fighting for. 
Maybelle takes him around to the back to meet Charlie, and as they left I watch Tess close her eyes and say something. I am too far away to tell what was said but I’m not gonna lie, it was a little bit odd. 
So the next day it was my turn to train Avery. He’s waited tables before, so he doesn’t need much. All he needs is coaching on the dishes and of course I have to tell him about our normal customers and what they like and don’t like. 
“Ophelia seems nice. She makes me feel at home.” He says thoughtfully.
“Yeah, she’s pretty much like the mom I never had. She means everything to me. So you better be nice to her or I will have to hurt you.” I joke.
“Yeah I certainly don’t want that. In fact, since I’m new around here, I was hoping that maybe you could show me around. I have no friends and hanging out with my little sister is not exactly my idea of a fun Friday night. There’s only so many times you can have tea with her and her stuffed animals before you actually start to feel like you are becoming a girl.” He says shyly.
“Well, I’m not saying I’m going to take you dirt biking or something totally testosterone filled-but I’m super good at watching movies. So maybe we can catch a movie and I can take you to one of the old cemeteries. Sounds creepy I know but the cemeteries here are old and so beautiful. Whatever you want to see here I can show you. I am in love with this place.” I say thoughtfully as I recall all my early memories of discovering New Orleans.
“Let’s go tonight after work and have some normal fun without princess crowns or fake cupcakes.” He exclaims with an expression of desperation for adult interaction.
Just as I turn around, Tess is right behind me with a look of pure hatred on her painted face. I guess she overheard our conversation and is not happy about our decision to hang out. 
“Excuse me Tess, I have to clean those tables.” I ask politely.
She glares at me still, while moving to the side. She even watches me as I walk past her. Like one of those dolls with the eyes that follow you wherever you move.
We go about our normal day and I catch him a couple of times glancing over at me while I am conversing with Mrs. Longmont about how she likes her gumbo. She is a very particular old lady who hates children and despises anyone helping her but me. When I catch him glance my way, Mrs. Longmont seems to fade away. Her voice becomes lower and quieter. I find myself completely blocking her out and just staring at Avery. Until she snaps me back into the moment by saying “Child are you even listening to me?”
“Yes Mrs. Longmont. Gator Gumbo extra spicy, no big chunks of onion, less liquid, more rice. I got it. I will get Charlie right on this for you.” I say dreamily.
I walk to the back to snap myself out of this haze when I bump into Tess. She must have been standing there staring at him too because she doesn’t even see me come into the kitchen. She isn’t even trying to hide it. She completely ignores me and continues to gaze. It’s not even like a he’s so dreamy stare it’s more like a fatal attraction glare. Another total creeper moment. I shrug my shoulders and give Mrs. Longmont’s order to Charlie.
As we clean off all the tables and put the chairs up, we laugh and joke and play around like silly little high school kids. He throws a wet wash rag at me which makes a gross splat noise when it hits my face. I wipe off the dirty water and snort.
“Oh hell no! It is so on!” I shout as I laugh my evil laugh. The smile on his face is priceless. I am being myself and he is totally loving it! I pretend like our little play session is over. He is cleaning off tables with Tess. I am glad he is at least acknowledging her. I don’t want her to go completely serial killer on me just because he pays too much attention to me. I actually observe as he makes her smile. I don’t know what he’s saying, but I am happy for her. Even if Avery starts to like her, at least I made a new friend in him. The night ends without me being able to get him back. But I have a plan for tomorrow. 
Tess and I walk into Celestine’s early the next morning at the same time. Mama’s already there waiting for me. Tess walks into the back while I observe her give Ophie a sinister glare. We both watch Tess pass us and we turn around to have our eyes meet.
 “You be careful with that girl baby. Somethin’ ‘bout the likes a’ her, rubs me the wrong way.” Ophelia says, giving me a look of pure concern. It’s like she is looking straight into my soul. Maybe it’s because it’s Ophie warning me, but I take everything she says seriously. And this is no different. In fact it makes me more concerned because of the way she says it and the look on her face is gravely concerning.
“Don’t worry Mama I’ll be fine.” I give her a kiss on the cheek and tuck in my shirt, ready to face the day.
The day drags on and on. Avery and I exchang smiles throughout the day, but it’s so busy that we don’t really have a chance to talk. By the time I know it, it is closing time. I wash my tables and then remember that there is a battle I need to finish. I walk into the back and I can hear them talking. I am about to initiate a war. Avery has a tray in his hand full of trash. Miscellaneous things like dirty napkins, color crayons, food that was dropped. I see Tess next to him cleaning off a table. She’s glaring at me as I walk by casually, surprising Avery by smacking the bottom side of the tray with the palm of my hand. My intent was to just knock the stuff off the tray onto the floor. What actually happens seems out of my control. The tray flies up and hits him straight in the nose, causing it to bleed and swell immediately. 
“Oh my god! Are you okay? I’m such an idiot! I didn’t mean for that to happen! I only meant to knock that stuff on the floor! I am so sorry.” I shrieked in utter horror of what I had just done. But he laughs! I am so confused. I don’t know whether to cry or start laughing with him. I run to the back and grab as much tissue as I can and sit with him on the floor while I try to stop his nose bleed. 
“You are such an idiotic klutz. What is wrong with you? Avery, are you okay? Let me go get you some ice.” Tess snickers with a look of pure hate on her face. As she starts to walk into the back he stops her by grabbing her arm.
“No Tess I’m fine. She didn’t mean to hurt me. Relax.” Avery says sternly. 
Obviously mad by his reaction, she pulls her arm out of his grasp and walks out the door. We look at each other and start laughing. 
“I really am sorry. My intent was not to hurt you. I hope you know that. Now I owe you big time.” I say, while our eyes lock. His nose stops bleeding. I pull away the tissue and wipe his face with a warm wash cloth. And before I knew it, his face was coming towards mine slowly. I watched as he closes his eyes, and tilts his head. His hand finds its way to the back of my head and he pulls my face towards his. I feel a warm rush through my body and my heart starts beating a little faster. His soft lips finally touch mine. It is just a small sweet kiss, but it is full of so much more. He pulls away and says “I know you wouldn’t hurt me Alyssa.”
I get him a glass of tea and make him sit down while I finish cleaning the lobby. He walks me out to my car and opens the door for me. 
“So, may I please have the pleasure of hanging out with you tomorrow?” He asks sweetly.
“Of course, I can’t wait. You won’t be disappointed.” I answer.
“Goodnight Miss Alyssa.” He replies quietly as he kisses my cheek.
“Night Avery.”
I go home completely electrified. Lying in my bed is impossible. I can’t be still. I’m too excited to see him in the morning. Eventually I fall asleep and have awful nightmares. Black shadows float above me. I can’t speak or move. I see Avery’s face, twisted and bloody. I am entirely paralyzed, in complete and utter fear. I start to hear a voice speak to me. A female. A female I know. Tess. I don’t know what she saying, it isn’t in English. But her tone of voice is enough for me to understand. She is angry. I don’t know why. I try to wake myself up from this terrifying dream. After what seems like hours I am able to come to consciousness. I sit straight up in my bed soaked in sweat and tears cascade down my face. It’s not just the thought of Avery being hurt that scares me. It’s the fact that I can’t do anything to help. I was locked in a different dimension, unable to speak or fight for myself. I run to the bathroom and splash some water in my face. 
“You’re okay Alyssa. It was just a dream. Get a grip. You are alive, you are fine.” I tell myself as I choke back the tears. I suck it back, take a deep breath, and get into the warm shower. As the hot water pours over my face I begin to relax. Yes I have to face Tess soon but what’s the big deal? It’s only a dream…right?
Then I remember today was my day with Avery and excitement rises inside me. I get out of the shower, dry off and pick out my cutest clothes to wear.  I put on my makeup, and run out the door to pick him up. I pull up to his beautiful home and honk the horn. Almost instantly he walks out the door with a huge smile on his face.
We drive to one of the old cemeteries. We walk around for hours talking about everything. His hobbies, favorite movies, music, his family…everything. He seems interested in everything I’m saying and I love listening to him too. I’m disappointed we didn’t have the chance to meet sooner. I tell him all my silly jokes and he seems to seriously think that I’m funny, which I thoroughly enjoy. 
“So how are you feeling about moving to New Orleans?” I ask. At this point we are sitting on a bench near one of the cemetery gardens. It is beautiful. Dogwood flowers are my favorite. He picks one from a nearby tree and brushes my hair back to gently put the flower behind my ear.
“I’m feeling mighty fine about now Ma’am.” He says with his beautiful shy smile full of straight white teeth. I could literally feel my cheeks get red hot and my stomach starts flipping around. 
“Are you real?” I ask with a laugh. I honestly don’t believe this guy’s charm.
He smiles and grabs my hand. “Let’s go get some lemonade and catch a movie. What do you say?”
“I can’t think of anything else I would rather do right now Avery.”
We sit down at the café since neither of us have to work. Mama Ophie walks out to bring us our order. 
“You kids havin’ fun?” She says with a cute wink and warm smile.
“Yes Mama. We are going to catch a movie in about thirty minutes. Don’t you worry about me tonight. Avery has been a true gentleman, he will take care of me.” I promise, and truly believe.
“You would do well to stand by what Alyssa said Avery. You don’t want me huntin’ you down.” She informs him as she gives him a nod of declaration.
“Yes Ma’am. I give you my word.” He says as he nodds back in acceptance of her statement.
While we sip on our drinks, we become almost giddy. We are laughing at silly things and making jokes. We scoot closer and closer to each other. I turn my head for a second only to see Tess glaring at us from the window. I wave at her and throw her a smile, but she rejects all acts of kindness. She keeps her stare directly at me, and we decide to leave so we aren’t late for the movie. 
“Wait Alyssa, I want to get a picture of you. I want to remember this moment.” He suggests gently.
He pulls out his phone and I give him my biggest, happiest smile and he snaps the picture. I make sure to look at it before he keeps it. The picture is cute and I tell him he’s allowed to keep it. Only the scary thing is-Tess was in the background. A figure of hatred, she pierces me with her cold brown eyes. A chill runs up my spine. I have to block it out. This is an amazing date and I am not about to let her change that.
We walk to the movie theater just a couple of blocks away and he still wows me with his chivalrous behavior. What kind of guy still opens doors? Avery does. He buys my ticket, a huge bucket of popcorn and a lemonade and a couple boxes of candy. We sit down in the side aisle with the single set of two seats. It’s nice and cozy and there’s almost no one in the theater. We laugh and joke while we wait for the movie to start. I almost don’t want it to. About 30 minutes in is when he starts to inch his hand toward mine. I smiled inside, and probably a little outside too. I help him out a little and move my hand over his. We lock hands, and enjoy the rest of the movie in pure giddiness. After the movie is over I drive as slow as I can because I don’t want the night to end, but alas we turn on his street and stop in front of his house. 
“Well Miss Alyssa. I truly enjoyed your company today. It was the best day I’ve had in a long time. I hope it’s the beginning of many more.” He says shyly, looking down at me with his beautiful lime colored eyes.
“It will be I think.” I reply, looking up at him and hoping he would kiss me.
And so he does. A sweet, gentle, sincere kiss. With each movement I can feel that he means it. I truly don’t want this night to end but I know it has to. He lets go of my hand, and kisses me on the forehead. 
“I’ll see you tomorrow Miss.”
“Tomorrow Avery.”
I watch him walk up to his door and before I turn the keys I take another look and see that he turns around too. He gives me a smile and waves. My heart again, flutters like a newly released butterfly from its cocoon.
I’m about to get into bed when my phone rings and its Ophie.
“Hi baby, how’s ma girl doin’?” She says with her thick creole accent.
“Oh I’m doing wonderful Mama how are you?” I ask her with excitement in my voice.
“Oh child that’s so good to hear. Tell me what’s goin’ on.” She pleads.
“It’s Avery. We have spent some time together lately and it’s been amazing. I feel like we have known each other forever. We are always laughing together. He just gets me.” I say as I recall the gentle sweet way he kissed me and the soft kisses on my forehead. As I do, I begin to feel a small flutter in my stomach.
“Oh hunny I’m so glad. You make sure he keeps on treatin’ you right. An’ like I said, be careful ‘o that Tess. She ain’t got nothin’ but darkness in her ya hear?” She cautions.
What she said lingers with me all night. I sleep but it is infused with wicked images of dead people and deformed animals with human faces. They slither out of the swamp towards me, screaming awful sounds and words I can’t understand. I try to run but the muddy swamp floor swallows me whole. I choke on the black gritty mud and algae ridden water, until I am completely drown in utter hopelessness. Finally I wake up drenched in sweat. It announces my fear and brings it to life as I try to dismantle the nightmares from my memory. I am physically exhausted from my fight. It is all too real for me. I call Mama to tell her about it. She’s always interested in my dreams. She likes to untangle them and see where they lead. This one was different. It wasn’t a light hearted interpretation. It was a winding path of shadows, full of hate and retribution. She says a special prayer, and tells me she would be by later to bring me a special charm she made to protect me from nightmares. I don’t argue. Mama always knows how to fix me.
Time flies by. And so all the time I spend with Avery is cherished. What can I say, I love him, but unsure if he loves me too. He hasn’t said it yet. I haven’t either but I’m afraid to. What if he doesn’t feel the same? I’m not about to lose him because I have too many feelings. I will continue to hold it in until it consumes me. An extra special night is coming up. Our 5 month anniversary. Cheesy, I know. I’m young, I’m allowed to be silly. Avery has something extraordinary planned for us. It comes so fast and even though I want it to come, I also love this tingling feeling of anticipation devouring me.
Work hasn’t changed. In fact, it’s much worse. I’m convinced Tess is trying to sabotage me. My food takes extra-long to come out and something is always wrong with it. A hair, a cold piece of meat, a missing side. I know it isn’t Charles because he takes pride in his cooking. It has to be her. Of course there’s no way to prove it, but I know I would catch her one day. Mama tries to keep things calm. She knows there’s tension between us three. She knows Tess is trying everything she can to get Avery to hate me. It just hasn’t worked…yet.
The day comes to an end just as it started. Tess, Avery and me. An adorably sweet thing happened today-I saw a photo of me in Avery’s locker. I didn’t say anything because I didn’t want to embarrass him. But it definitely made me a little more smitten. He took the time to actually go to the store and print it out. That took some amount of effort on his part, which is flattering and special to me. Avery and I are cleaning tables and messing around as usual and Tess is in the back counting the register. 
“You know she wore that dress today just for you right Avery?” As I giggle and throw a towel at him. He doesn’t look amused.
“Alyssa I don’t care what she wears. I’ll never want her like I want you. I will never love her like I love you.” He says as he gives me a curious glance to gauge my reaction. Of course I am stunned. I’m sure my face is as red as a tomato. I can feel all of my blood rushing to my face. My heart starts fluttering and I look at him and say “I love you too Avery.” Just as he goes to kiss me, I see Tess in the back. The look on her face is pure horror, like I had killed her best friend right in front of her. Then something happened behind her eyes. I can’t explain it. Darkness began to flourish with unsettling ease. She disappears into the kitchen, and is gone before we can see where she went. 
“I think she heard us.” I whisper in a regretful tone.
“So what Alyssa! She needed to hear that it is never going to happen between us. I fell in love with you when I first saw you.” He proclaims as his face begins to soften.
“Well it’s good to know someone loves me despite my proclivity for awkwardness. God knows it’s ended more relationships that it has started. Thank you for that.” I giggle. I try to give off the vibe that everything is ok. But deep down I was scared. I know Tess was hurt. I didn’t mean to hurt her. Honestly I am scared of her. I feel like she’s capable of anything, and she craves Avery in the worst way. But what can I do? I’ve never felt this before. I gather up the courage and ask “So does this mean we are, like, together? Like boyfriend and girlfriend?”
“Well Miss yes, that is, if you will have me.” He speaks softly with that half smile sexy thing he does.
“You are so funny. I’m gonna end up washin’ that proper right outta you!” I say and imagine I probably will. 
He walks me to my car, scoos me up for a big hug, and kisses me with a fervor unrivaled. Finally a night of hope for me. I feel…happy. Like everything in the world is okay at that moment. Everything about him is beautiful to me. I want to see him every minute of every day. But for now, even once a day is good enough for me. 
The nightly phone calls last hours, until it’s so early in the morning that we both only get a couple hours of sleep before work. But that’s ok with me. The more I hear his voice and get to know him, the longer I wanted to talk to him. The superficial stuff was fun too…movie talk, playing video games, asking each other stupid questions. The best part is the real stuff. The long walks in the cemetery, the truth in our secrets to each other. The way he looks at me. The way I feel when we kiss. The way I know that everything I tell him was safe, that he would never tell another soul. I truly feel like we are meant to be together. And this is just the beginning of a long and charming courtship.
In the dark of the night she knelt to the soft warm ground. The air was so thick it made her choke but the vengeance in her bones made it possible for her to endure. The silence was filled with the cicada’s cry; a continuous hum of off-beat chirping. It was a haunting sound that mimicked her mood. She was consumed by jealousy and hatred, and in the moment of her spite, she made the choice that would change the fate of Alyssa forever. 
The moss hung from the live oak tree; reaching for the safety of the swamp floor breathing beneath her. She raised her hands up to the midnight sky, closed her eyes and envisioned the debt that Alyssa would pay. She wanted her gone. She wanted her to be unable to tempt Avery with her witty jokes and charming smile. She gathered the carefully picked bones and the picture of Alyssa that she took from Avery. She laid them in the ancient basin in front of her and pulled out her dagger. Lifting her hand to the moon and whispering in tongue, she dragged it across her sweaty palm and watched as the blood slowly poured from her wound. She let it drip onto the bones until the cut stopped bleeding. The blood in the bowl began to burn through the bones, like the way acid eats through skin. Smoke rose from the picture and Alyssa’s smiling face slowly began to fade, until there was nothing left but the empty seat in front of Celestine’s Café.
I wake up with a new energy. I can’t wait to see his face. I want to smell his cologne and feel his heartbeat while we hugg. My one true desire in this moment is to have his hand in my hair and his lips on my lips. I decide I feel so good that I want to walk to work. It was a dreadful day out, the sky was dark with rain clouds and the wind made an awful howling noise. The smell of wisteria usually fills my nose but today it’s filled with a putrid stench. I walk by Della’s Flower shop on the way and said hello to the owner, Molly. 
“How are you today Miss Molly?”
She turns to me as if to speak, but nothing comes out. Her face becomes frightening. It starts to distort into a long, hollow face with no eyes. My pace goes from walk to sprint. I shake my head thinking maybe I didn’t get enough sleep. Then I begin notice that most of the people who are usually friendly and always talk to me, are not like that today. No one wants to wave back or even say hello. My smiles go unreturned and I am tortured by their hideous twisted faces. Paranoia starts to creep into my thoughts. Maybe I’m in a nightmare. Maybe I haven’t woken up. Despite my fear I keep walking and finally I reach the café. I walk through to the back right away to get my apron on and put my hair up. Tess is back here too so I decid to take the moment to tell her sorry for what happened a few nights ago. 
“Hey, I’m sorry about the other night. That was mean of us and I hope you will forgive us for it.” I say.
Silence.
“Tess?” I ask curiously.
She slams her locker, turns to me and smiles malevolently. Then she turns around, and walks to the front of the house. 
I am floored. Yeah I thought Tess was a bitch but I thought my apology would at least satisfy some of her hatred for me, but it seemed to amplify it. I take off to the front of the house ready to get to my tables and talk to my regulars. I see Mrs. Longmont at the counter and pat her on the back and tell her hello. She must be extra hard of hearing today. Sometimes she gets into those moods. Maybe she had a bad morning. Finally I see Avery. The one person I know will be happy to see me. He’s across the room wiping down a table so I sneak behind him and put my hands over his eyes. 
“Guess who?” I say playfully. 
When he doesn’t say anything or try to pry my hands away I start to worry. I let go and walk around to face him. “Avery what is going on? Are you guys trying to play a joke on me? If so, it isn’t funny anymore.” I hiss. 
His face reveals nothing. His lips stay pursed as he goes on washing his tables and ignoring me completely. At this point I talk louder. “Avery. I swear if you don’t answer me I’m going to scream.”
No answer.
So I scream. “Avery!”
I watch his reaction. His face stays stoic. This is no joke. He really can’t see me. Or hear me. He looks towards the door, then down at his watch. Possibly waiting to see when I will walk through the door. What is going on? Maybe I’m still dreaming. I pinch myself just to see but I’m definitely awake. Maybe Ophie would help straighten this out. If it was a joke she surely wouldn’t be in on it-not if it affected me in anyway. I walk to the back where she’s gathering some plates to take to her customers. 
“Hey Mama how’s it goin’ today? I’ve had quite the morning.”  I sigh. I anxiously await any sign of recognition. But she just passes me by with the steaming hot bowls of red beans and rice. Not a word to me, not even a glance in my direction. I decid to walk back home to see if maybe I really am still sleeping and by some chance I will go into my bedroom and see myself still lying in my bed. I don’t know what else to do. 
Finally I make it home and rush to my bedroom, hoping there’s some weird explanation for this sad and frightening phenomena. Anxiety erupts in my core as I realize my bed is just as it was when I woke up this morning-covers still thrown around, sheets and pillows in chaos and most importantly, empty. I am awake. Why doesn’t anyone see me? The only thing I can think of to do is to go to Mama Ophie’s. I will sit on her porch until she comes home. Then somehow, someway, I will figure it out. She always makes things right. I just don’t know what she can possibly do to help me. As I walk to her house all I can think about is my future. What if I’m stuck in this dimension beside humanity, and never break back in? Will I wander forever alone? Will Avery move on and live “happily ever after”? With Tess? As my mind races about him I try to think about what is wrong with me. The only person I’ve ever made mad was Thomas, a little boy in my second grade class that constantly made fun of my glasses. Finally I was fed up enough that I bit him on the arm. He certainly did not hold out his anger this long to curse me. And Tess. Tess didn’t just dislike me, she despised me. I always watch out for people here, because I know Voodoo is still prevalent. So rampant but so secretive. Like spiders. They are always near you, but you never really know until it’s too late. It’s crawling up your leg while you’re sleeping, ready to inject that slow thick venom into your healthy veins. I believe in it yes; because that’s how I grew up. We were taught about it. My mom always warned me about being careful of who I crossed. I was now remembering things about Tess that I hadn’t realized before. The necklace she wore that had a couple of small bone looking charms dangling from it. How I saw her mouthing things while she was closing her eyes like she was in a trance. The uncomfortable stares. Her obsession with Avery. How did I not see it before? She wants me out of the picture. She wants him all to herself. It looks like she might have succeeded. After a while I end up at Mama’s house. A quaint little home that I was so familiar with. I sit down on the porch in her old rocking chair and wait for what seems like forever for her to come home. She arrives like she usually does, slowly but promptly. She has worry written on her face. She comes in, sets her keys down and heads right to the phone. Her fingers shake slightly as she dials the number. Just before the other person answers the phone, she takes a deep breath and lets it out real slowly.
“Clementine, we got a problem. It’s Alyssa. She didn’t come ta’ work today. I know it’s jus’ one day. But I really have a feelin’. Somethin’s wrong. I think she mighta’ been crossed. Alright, alright. I’ll give her one more day and that’s it. Then I will be callin’ ya’ for help Miss Clementine. You know this girl is all I got.” Ophie cries softly.
My heart sinks. I had no idea she felt that way. I sit across the table from her, looking at her dark brown eyes full of sadness. Her chin rests on her intertwined fingers. Her crow’s feet permanently etched on her russet skin. Her gray’s starting to claim her full head of hair like dandelions on a healthy lawn. I love her. She treats me like I am her child, and now I know, that I kind of am. 
“Alyssa baby. If you are here can ya’ give me a sign? Anything baby. Knock somethin’ over. I jus’ wanna know if you are around me. If you are and you still can’t reach out ta’ me, don’t ya’ worry. I will find a way to ya’.” She speaks as she closes her eyes, thinking that maybe she could feel me if she blocked out her sense of seeing. I try to speak to her, but I can’t. I scream, I cry…but I am completely veiled. I watch her sleep that night. I try for hours to make something happen so she knows I am here. I concentrate on what I want to do until finally I am able to make her door move just a smidge. After hours of doing this it was close to shutting. With the last bit of energy I have, I make it happen. The door slams shut and wakes Mama up. I see her wake with a smile, and she knows it is me. That smile makes me believe that everything is going to be okay. She heads to the phone again, only this time she calls Avery.
“You need ta’ get over here straight away ya’ hear me?” She asserts before hanging up the phone hastily and jumping out of bed to get dressed.


When I see his car turn down her street, hope begins to fill me. He parks in the front and I run to greet him, forgetting I am completely impalpable. She meets him at the door.
“Avery if this is a cross then we need to figure it out quick. The longer she stays in this state the harder it will be ta’ find her and bring her back.” Mama Ophie says with worry dragging on her words. She knows. Thank god she knows. If anyone can help me it would be her, and if anyone loved me enough to make me visible again it would be Avery.
“Ophie this sounds crazy to me. Voodoo isn’t real. I’m sure she just felt like she wanted to get away. Let’s give her a couple more days ma’am. She will call. I know she will.” Avery says with uncertainty shaking his voice. I can tell he’s trying to be strong but something in him knows this isn’t just a getaway. 
“Child I have been alive long enough ta’ see it happen many times ta’ good people. All it takes is one wicked soul ta’ conjure up somethin’ evil. Simple ‘nuff…Some animal bones, couple drops ‘a blood, a photo…simple things can make up even the most potent ‘a curses.
“A picture? Ophie! My favorite picture of Alyssa was stolen from my locker. I thought maybe some weird customer took it.” He says. I can see how he’s recalling that day. I watch it play over in his mind. I can see a smile start to come to the surface until he remembers I am gone. Determination settles in with confidence and his face lights up with hope. “Where do we start?” He asks. A ping of nerves wakes me and I feel faith start to overcome my body. The way a warm bath heats you up; slowly but entirely. I follow them into the house, watching my step as I walk over the small salt line. They sit down at the kitchen table while Mama puts a pot of water on to boil. She has to have her evening tea, no matter what. 
“Firs’, we need ta’ find an old friend ‘a mine. Her name is Clementine. I called her already so she know’s I’m gonna come for her. She used to work at Celestine’s too so she already knows who Tess is. She owns a shop now downtown and she’s mighty fine at bindin’ spells. I reckon first we need ta’ bind Tess, ta’ stop her from hurtin’ Alyssa any further.” She says with a concerned look on her face. They sit there for a second, letting it all sink in. The realization is obvious on Avery’s face. Voodoo is real, and not only is it real, but it has consumed his first true love. Mama pours her water in a cup and lets the tea leaves soak as she stirs the hot liquid. A funnel forms as her spoon stirs. She wonders where the only “child” she has ever known has gone to, and the look on her face exposes her fear. She’s terrified. She knows I’m going to be nearly impossible to find. She knows just like I do that if Voodoo runs in Tess’s blood, then her power is stronger. Who knows how long she’s been practicing. Who knows how much of her soul she’s given up to become what she is today.
“Is she at the shop now? Let’s go find her Ophelia!” Avery says with desperation in his voice.
“Go get in the car child, I have some things I have ta’ grab before we go.”
She watches Avery as he runs to the car and gets it started. I look at her, the deep wrinkles that time has cursed onto her face. She looks tired and worried and I can’t help but feel guilty for putting her through this.
“Alyssa baby if you can hear me, I’m getting’ help. This Miss Clementine can do jus’ bout’ anything. Everything’s gonna be alright child.” She reassurs me. Even in a state like this she could make things feel so much less tragic.
I can do nothing but sit here and wait. The world around me is dark, filled with horrible sounds and sinister movements. I can hear other people, probably trapped just like me. They are screaming for help. I can hear the soreness in their voices, the rawness that is produced by this affliction. Would I be forced to “live” in this world right next to his, in a hellish nightmare full of screams and darkness? Will I have to endure seeing him marry and have children? Will I watch as he grows old and eventually crosses over? The anxiety is overwhelming and there’s nothing else I can do. I watch them drive off into the dark night, with nothing but dread in my heart.
Finally after an hour I hear the car pull up. Mama, Avery and Clementine get out with bags of items from the store. They head to the basement and I follow, hopeful that my remedy awaits. 
“Now listen here boy, this ain’t ta’ be told ta’ nobody ya hear?” Clementine says sternly. She’s a big lady. Not just overweight but tall, so her presence is powerful. Her voice is deep and steady. She is not someone you would want to mess with.
“Yes ma’am I understand that. You have my word.” Avery says as his voice shakes under the stress.
“Aight now. Fore’ we get started, let’s get one thing straight. Tess got somethin’ evil in her. She ain’t just some girl on tha’ streets doin’ voodoo with her mama’s dolls. She’s serious and we need ta’ take it that way. There’s only one real way ta’ stop her and I need ta’ see if yall are gonna be okay with it before we do it. Back out if ya need ta’.” Clementine urgeds as she stands up straight and clears her throat.
“I’ll do anythin’ to get my baby back ya hear? I don’t care what it is we got ta’ do. I reckon she don’t know the power of love and what it can do.” Mama Ophie assures, gesturing with a nod that she is ready to do whatever it taks to get me back.
“I want her back. And I want Tess to pay. I don’t want her to do this to anyone else either.” Avery says with conviction.
“Well if what we do works, she won’t.” Clementine says confidently, scanning his face for any signs of uncertainty.
By the looks on their faces they are all in. I’ve never felt so loved in my life.
“Alright now Ophelia, get them candles, lead chains, swamp mud, black cloth, the mirrors and crossin’ oil. Avery, you got that hair clip a’ hers from her locker now don’t ya’? Be a dear for me and douse that hair clip with crossin’ oil. Then wrap it up in the black cloth and wrap the chain around the bundle. Ophelia, you put the mud in a basin and light them candles. Then either of ya’ can push that wrapped hair clip into the mud. Then we can get started.”
With the mirrors placed around the table, the candles lit, the incense burning, Clementine begins her ritual.
“Now y’all need ta’ visualize Tess in these mirrors. But it’s important, it must be Tess. If ya’ see anyone else this could go all kinds a’ wrong. Let that hatred fill ya’ up. Let it burn inside your memory until the anger releases inta’ rage. Then smash them mirrors and dump the bits into the mud with the hair clip.”
They all close their eyes. There’s complete silence in the room except for the sound of the wind howling outside. Their breath becomes uneven as their anger grows. Avery is the first to smash his mirror, followed closely by Mama and Clementine. They all dump the little shattered bits into the mud and are ready for the next part of finding me and binding Tess. Clementine then raises her hands up high, closes her eyes and throws back her head. In a deep loud voice she begins to say, almost rhythmically:
“Oh Ancient Ones, we call upon ya’ today ta’ do justice. Bear witness as I bind and confound Tess Brule.
Our fury calls us ta’ seek revenge.
Take these pieces a’ her, take the enemy!
I see her before me ancient ones, bind her!
I conjure you to do my bidding through these flames!
Swallow her whole mother earth! Let her taste the mud of the swamp and breathe the filthy water as if it were her air!
Let it fill her lungs!
I cast the darkness to keep her alive but chained forever ta’ the bottom.
Let her plunge into the void just as she has done to our dear friend and loved one, never ta’ rise again. May she stay unda’ the warm dark water for eternity, never ta’ suffer anyone again. 
We ask that you release Alyssa from this cross. Release this innocent child and we will be foreva’ in your debt.
Oh Ancient Ones hear us now!”
Her voice starts to echo, like the walls of the house were becoming a vast open space for her voice to reach across. It becomes dark and smoky, but they all stay quiet. The chains in the mud started to rattle, as if they are trying to reject the spell they used to bind her. Soon the table shakes and the flames blow out.
“Clementine what’s goin’ on?” Mama Ophie cries out.
“She’s tryin’ ta’ break free. She’s fightin’ it with all her might.” Clementine cries nervously.
I move to the table across from Avery so I can see his face. He’s scared, but he still has determination strewn across his face. Then something starts to happen with the candle’s smoke. It begins to take shape, it manipulates itself into the face of Tess. It is long and distorted, her features are changing. Her mouth is twisted open in horror like she’s screaming and her eyes are wide open and black as the cloth we bound her in. Her hands, made of dark gray and white smoke reach out to grab Clementine and she yells “Be gone Tess ya’ devil! May you be bound to the bottom of the swamp for an eternity! Do no harm! Be gone! Be gone! Be GONE!” All the mirrors in the basement simultaneously shatter. With one last scream the smoke subsides. As I stood across from Avery I see his face start to soften. Then he slowly looks across the table in my direction. His eyes light up with happiness as he cries “Oh my god Alyssa, you’re here!” He throws the table out of the way and scoops me up off the floor into a tight hug. He smells so good. I don’t want him to let me go.
“Welcome back child.” Clementine says serenely as she kisses me on the forehead.
“Baby it’s really you ain’t it?” Ophie says with tears in her eyes.
“Mama!” I cry as I run into her loving arms. “I knew you would find me .I just knew.” She grabbs my face with her warm hands just to look at me and makes sure I am really there, and that this isn’t all just a dream.
“Baby I woulda’ looked for ya’ ta’ tha’ ends of this world and tha’ next!” She says as she wipes away her tears of joy.
“What happened to Tess?” I ask.
“Tess is in a place where she can’t hurt nobody anymore child. Don’t you worry ‘bout her. We got ya’ back and that’s all that matters.” Clementine says sternly. I dared not argue with her.
We put the stone basin, mud and all the binding elements in an old iron box. To make extra sure that she was bound forever, we wrap it in chains and lock it with a padlock and bury it deep in Mama’s back yard. It is over, and I am back. I know now that my life is fragile and precious and that it can be taken away with someone’s evil whim. I also know that good magic exists, and that as long as love is alive there is always a way out of even the darkest of days.

She opened her eyes only to see murky green water. She tried to scream but nothing came out. She struggled to move but her body was bound by heavy iron chains. She was alive, in some form of the word. She looked up to see the water above her, but she was unable to break the surface. Below her was the bottom-cloudy water teemed with mysterious creatures that combed the sludge for life to consume. All that lay before her was dark mud and twisted roots of old bald cypress trees. Her dark hair floated softly in the current of the water. Her struggle to break free went unnoticed in the world around her. Her skin began to rot and peel off, becoming part of the food the fish started to crave. She was destined to live an eternity in a place where she couldn’t move, couldn’t speak. She was trapped just like the way she cursed Alyssa to be. Her magic was not as strong as those who knew and felt true love. Her conviction in her ability turned out to be her greatest downfall. Never under estimate the power of true love. It will devour malice and drown ill will, always.

The Wallflower Blooms
By Elizabeth Lorraine

Text copyright © 2014 by Elizabeth Loraine. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, recorded, photocopied or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction.  Names, places, characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious and are a product of the author’s imagination.  Any similarity to persons living or dead is coincidental and not intended by the author.

CHAPTER ONE
Like usual, I sat in the very back row of the classroom. Leaning over my desk, I closed my eyes and dropped my head, coving my ears with my hands. It was always so loud in the morning and I wasn’t a morning person…at all.
I felt a tap on my shoulder and opened just my right eye.
“Hey.”
“Hey.” It was Jordan, my best friend and next door neighbor, and my life would totally suck without him. He was one of the few that ‘got me’. We were so much alike, artistic, and smart with a wicked twisted sense of humor. As loners we unsurprisingly gravitated to each other for companionship and for defense, since we were natural targets for all the bullies and cliques in school. Trouble was I hadn’t seen him since the last day of tenth grade. Now, it was comforting to see him on the first day of our senior year.
I sat back in my seat and turned toward him.
“How was your year in Europe?”
“It was great. I have lots more pictures to show you. I only sent you about 10% of what I actually took. My dad just received news of his new posting. He got Saudi Arabia. It’s an unaccompanied tour. Since we can’t go with him this time, maybe I’ll be here all year, but who knows with my family. How about you? You didn’t write me much.”
“Well I…”
Miss Weaver pounded her ruler on the desk like a gavel. “Okay, calm down. Your reading list is on the board. Your first assignment is to memorize and act out a scene for the class. I’ve randomly drawn a partner for each you and you can get together after class to decide how and when you want to meet and work on the assignment.”
There was a collective groan in the room and everyone looked around. Mostly I thought it was to see who they didn’t want to get stuck with. Jordan and I had to be on the top of everyone’s list. It was like sports all over again, although I was a pretty good athlete and coordinated, I was so shy nobody knew it. I always held back, hating to be the center of attention in any way. I knew I had to get over it; it just wasn’t as easy as it sounded.
I glanced to Jordan and I could tell now that there was something very different about him. His curly mop of brown hair for instance. Instead of overpowering him, it seemed to fit him now. He turned and smiled and I realized something else. His braces were gone and so were his glasses. Dang, my Jordan was cute! Really cute!
Names were being called and I had my fingers crossed. Please let it be Jordan.
“Jordan, you’re with Allison.”
My heart sank. Allison was a petite blonde. Cute, no, more like gorgeous, if you like that cheerleader type.  She turned and peered at him. Jordan smiled. Allison promptly rolled her eyes and turned back around. He glanced to me and shrugged. We were both pretty used to that reaction.
Finally I heard my name. “Elizabeth, you will be working with…” 
I swear things started to move in slow motion, my heartbeat pounded through my temples and all I could think of was how Charlie Brown’s teacher sounded…’waw, waw, waw…’ When I came back to my limited senses everyone seemed to be staring at me. I felt my face warming and knew it was probably beet red.
“Did you hear me Elizabeth? You’re working with Liam.”
All I could do was nod and force a lame smile. Liam happened to live in the house on the other side of my house. He also was the captain of the football team and the president of the student council. His dad was a doctor, but he’d opted out of his family about a year ago and moved to Indianapolis with his nurse and new wife. 
It seemed no one I knew except Jordan had an intact family and still his dad was always off working in some crazy part of the world. 
Mine? Well, my dad left us too, although I barely remember him, I was only three when he walked out.   My mom remarried.  She works as a waitress at the Denny’s next to the interstate. My step-dad is a drunken idiot who I hate. He drives truck and luckily is only home one week a month. 
I stood and gathered my books. When I turned Jordan was gawking at me.
“What’s wrong with you?”
“You’ve changed Lizzie. What are you a foot taller and, what happened?”
He was looking me up and down, and I felt my face heat again. I’d forgotten he hadn’t seen me in a year either.
“I, uh, grew, and lost weight and well, you know…blossomed.”
He was focused on my chest now, so I pulled my books up to my chin and started to walk away, my bottom lip firmly pinched between my teeth.
“You sure did.”
I didn’t look at him when he caught up to me. “You can put your tongue back in your mouth now and shut up.”
When we walked out the door, Liam was waiting. He held his books at his side, his left hand swiped a drift of dark brown hair from his forehead and corner of his mouth turned up causing his right cheek to show a dimple. If I’d known how to swoon, I would have. Of course we kept walking. It wasn’t possible he was waiting for me; he obviously wanted to talk to Miss Weaver or something.
“Elizabeth?”
Wait, did he say my name? The planets must be aligned or something. I looked around to see if I’d dropped something, or imagined I’d heard him. Good, at least there was no toilet paper stuck to the bottom of my shoe. 
“Elizabeth, I thought we could set up a time to go over the assignment. I have practice, but I could come over right after?”
“That would be great. I have piano anyway. Is six okay?”
“Sure. See you then.” He raised his fist. “Good seeing you back in town, Jordan.” Jordan seemed as stunned as I was, but managed to handle the fist bump.
“Thanks, good to be back.”
Jordan and I watched him walk away before turning to each other. 
“What the heck is going on? It’s like a parallel universe.”
I shook my head and started walking. “Don’t ask me. I have no idea. I was gone most of the summer too. I’ve only been home a week, and you just got in last night, maybe they’ve all been taken over by aliens.”
“Like ‘Pod People’ in the old black and white movies?”
“Yeah. Maybe we shouldn’t go to sleep tonight.” 
Jordan chuckled and left me at second period calculus with Mr. Anderson while he headed off to shop.
In third period I was lucky to be seated at a table with three girls I knew from band and I relaxed into my day. 
At lunch things were totally back to normal. The tables were segregated into the usual cliques and I decided I’d rather go practice piano now instead of after school. I really wasn’t that hungry anyway. I pulled music from my cubical and sat down at the piano in the cool, deserted choir room. Pressing the music binding open, I started to play the accompaniment and hum my soprano part. On the second time through I sang the words, gradually increasing the volume and feeling in my clear non-vibrato voice and when I finished was startled by clapping. I turned to see Allison and her side-kick Mandy standing just behind me at the door.
Allison started to circle like the predator she was. She smiled as she walked, not looking over yet.
“That was amazing; you should join the drama team. We could use a voice like yours for our musical. We haven’t cast any leads, but you have a great voice. I’m sure if nothing else the backup singers could really use…well…backup.”
She smiled again. It was the same fake smile she always had on her face when she wanted something from someone. Mandy almost crashed into her when she stopped, immediately copying Mandy’s stance and mannerism as Allison planted her hand on her cocked hip and stared at me.
“Thanks, but I’ don’t really think drama is for me. You’re the one with the great voice anyway, Allison. Everybody knows that.” I only said it because that’s what everyone had been told for as long as we could remember.
Her eyes narrowed and I knew she was trying to figure out what to do about me. Why she cared at all I didn’t know, but I was sure I was about to find out. 
“You’re so different than you used to be, Elizabeth.”
“No, I’m the same.”
“I mean you look different. Almost...pretty.”
“Yeah, almost,” Mandy repeated.
“Thanks?”
“You’re working with Liam, everyone knows we belong together.”
Ah there it was. This was about Liam. She was right, everyone knew they belonged together; everyone it seemed, except Liam.
“I had nothing to do with our being paired up for that assignment. If you want to work with him instead of Jordan just ask Miss Weaver.”
“I already did. She won’t let anyone change.”
I stood and gathered my things. “Well sorry, I don’t know what you expect me to do.” The bell rang, but as I started for the doors, Mandy stepped in front of me.
“I want you to keep your hands off Liam.”
She was kidding right?  She had to be kidding. I started to laugh, but neither of them did. “You can’t be serious. Liam is not interested in me, and I never thought he would be. I have to get to the gym, see you.” I went around Mandy, pushed through the door and strode down the hall. The gym was just across the from the music department so it only took a few minutes to wind through the crowd and get to the locker room. Gee, another chance today to make a fool of myself. I took a deep breath as I shoved everything into my assigned locker and changed into the navy shorts and grey t-shirt provided. Everyone was streaming in now and I had to make a decision. I could cower in the background like I usually did, or take my power back and be the person I was really meant to be. After all I was the one in charge of my destiny wasn’t I? I was going to a great college, and getting out of this small minded town. Was I going to do it on my terms, or theirs?
I pulled my waist length light brown hair back in a pony-tail and sat on a bench to put on my shoes.
“Ready to run the gauntlet?” I heard and glanced up to see Haley, who sat next to me in science and played clarinet, while I played flute and piccolo.
“Do we have a choice?”
“Not really. If I didn’t need this last credit, I wouldn’t be here. I’ve been putting it off for four years.”
“Yeah, I did the same thing. Come on, we’ll get through this together. You have brothers, and I had Jordan to play basketball, go bowling, stuff like that, we can do this.” We slapped hands and walked from the locker room into the gym, feeling like gladiators.  I remembered the movie and under my breath I repeated the gladiator mantra. “Those who are about to die salute you.” Okay, maybe Allison was right, I should join drama.
Basketball teams were chosen by captains Coach Branson picked. Surprisingly, I wasn’t last. It must have been because I’m much taller this year. Actually, they had no idea if I could play basketball or not, but certainly assumed I couldn’t.  I smiled to myself.  I’d been playing driveway basketball since I was old enough to pass a ball and grew up loving college basketball, watching it every time there was a televised game.   So I knew everything about the game, the major teams, coaches, players, all their stats, offensive plays, defensive plays, you name it.
I listened to Coach Branson talk about the rules and then pull out a couple of girls which she designated as referees.  Our captain, Karen, played guard on our Panther girls’ varsity basketball team and was really good. Coach went over a few simple plays and defenses and then we separated with our captains.
“Liz, you try center, the rest of you have played before, help her out. Coach wants us to play zone. Liz, do you know what that is?”
“Yah, I know.” I was actually more excited than scared, and darn it, for the first time I wanted to be good at it. We clapped and felt like a real team, even if it was just phys-ed. The other team also had several girls that played on our school team; this wasn’t going to be easy. Jordan and I played one on one all the time, so I was used to being pushed around and shooting from everywhere. I knew I had some stamina from my 3-5 mile running regimen and had developed some quickness from the sprints I ran twice a week. I’d been running and lifting light weights since last summer, so I was in pretty good shape. It was how I lost what mom called, ‘my baby fat’.
I was just about as tall as Jen, the center of the other team. I didn’t get the tip, but Karen stole the ball right away and passed it to me, I drove the lane and made the first basket. Karen smiled and high fives were exchanged. After that everything pretty much fell into place.   
The final whistle blew and we’d won. “Great job everyone, go shower, see you tomorrow,” Coach said.
Karen patted me on the back. “You really should try out this year, Liz. You were great out there.”
“Thanks, Karen, I just might.”
I rushed through a shower and dressed quickly. I checked myself in the full mirror on the way out, twisting side to side. Not bad, I thought, viewing my body.  I still needed some work, but not bad at all.
Haley came up behind me, so I moved to the side so she could see herself. “We’ve almost made it through the first day, just band left, and that’s fun. You really played great. I had no idea you were a closet jock.”
I had a chance to look at my friend Haley. Like me, she’d been a wallflower her entire life, but she was really pretty.
“Hey, do you want to go to the Cross Town mall after school?”
She frowned and then smiled. “Yeah, that’d be great.”

CHAPTER TWO
So after band, Haley and I headed to the mall. Normally, I’d be taking the bus. One, because I’m cheap, and two, because I didn’t have a car, but Haley did, so we walked across the parking lot to her snazzy Mustang. Haley’s dad was a very busy dentist. Her birth was a surprise to her older parents. She had a brother, who was in law school. Her mom and dad give her things and money to keep her happy and out of their way. She shrugged it off. It was just the way things were.
I’d been babysitting since I was eleven, had a paper route before that, and worked after school and summers at the Dairy Queen, all the while doing  some tutoring on the side. I was saving for college and rarely spent any money. But this year I was taking time off. The ‘wicked smart’ had paid off.  I’d applied for early admission to Notre Dame, was already accepted, and had a full ride scholarship. It had been worth it to not have any kind of social life all these years.
“Okay, you got me here. What are we doing, Lizzy?” Haley said as we parked.
While we looked around the mall, I drew up in front of the window of a popular teen clothing store. “This is our senior year; we’re off to college soon. Don’t you think it’s time for a makeover? And not just on the outside. We should at least have a little fun, show everyone you can be smart, artistic, still be nice, and look great. What do you think? Are you in?”
She looked at the clothes in the window and our reflections in the glass. Her long wavy hair and my long straight hair veiled our faces, and our usual jeans and t-shirts helped us disappear into any crowd. Touching her hair, I saw her look at the clothes again. “I’m in.”
I grinned. “Good. First stop, hot wardrobe.” An hour later, with several bags in hand we headed back to the car and piled everything into the trunk. “Ready for the next step?”
Haley cast me a nervous glance. “I guess so.”
Two hours later, when our side-by-side salon chairs swiveled around, we hardly recognized ourselves, let alone each other. Our long hair had been shortened and tamed, side swept with layered bangs, and featured soft curls which ended just below our breasts. Our faces were lightly made up. They’d taught us how to replicate the look and loaded product in two large bags. The heels we’d bought were going to take some practice, but other than that we were all set.
I glanced at my watch and gasped. “I have to get home. I have to meet someone to do a homework assignment and it’s at six.”
“Relax, plenty of time to get you home. I can’t wait to show everyone our new look tomorrow,” Haley said as we reached the car.
“Yeah, me too.” My heart was pounding, Liam would be waiting when I got home and he’d be the first one, other than Haley to see my new look. We pulled in the driveway with five minutes to spare. I grabbed my bags from the trunk, waved to Haley as I fumbled with my keys and rushed up the stairs to my room. I was just dropping everything onto the bed when the doorbell rang.
“Calm down,” I told myself, knowing full well it was impossible. I took a deep breath, dried my palms on my jeans and went down the stairs to the front door. Through the oval frosted glass pane in the door, the sun haloed Liam’s silhouette like an aura and my stomach clenched. I tried to swallow, but found I had no saliva…none.
I opened the door, he looked up, a sweet smile on his face and a shiver snaked up my thighs. 
His eyes widened as his gaze washed over me. “I hope you haven’t eaten yet. I thought we might as well eat together.” He held up the boxed pizza and I stepped aside and he strode past, backpack slung off one shoulder.
“No, I haven’t eaten. Actually I’m starving.” I led him into the dining room and flipped on the light. We never used it for dinner. It was really my study. 
“I hope you like everything on your pizza.”
“Uh, yeah, of course, well not anchovies, but I can deal.”
He shifted on one leg and set the box down on the table, giving me another sexy smile. “You, uh, you look amazing.”
“Oh, thanks, it was time for a change. I actually gave my hair to Locks of Love and still have plenty. Well, that’s obvious. I’ll get some plates and napkins.” I could feel his gaze on me, and he followed me into the kitchen. I got the plates down and pulled some napkins out of the package on the counter.
“You were just fine before, but this look is pretty hot. Not one girl in school rivals you, Elizabeth.”
“Lizzie.” I stared at him for a moment and my face felt hot again, this time from anger. I pushed past him and banged the plates down on the table. And was fuming by the time he joined me and opened the box.
“You make me so mad, Liam. You’ve lived next door to me for ten years and never given me a second look. I’ve seen you here with your friends, boys and girls. Our houses are seven feet apart, our bedroom windows side by side. Now all of a sudden you act like we’ve always been friends. That’s not right.”
“No, it’s not. I’ve been pretty self absorbed, and admit my friends can be cruel. I’ve grown up, Lizzie. I realized the way people treat me isn’t because I’m so great. It’s because I’ve won a few games for my school. I needed a change too. I’m off to Notre Dame next fall…”
“Wait, you’re going to Notre Dame?”
He shook his head yes. “You don’t think I’m smart enough?”
“No, I know you are. I pay attention to the scores, and you’re on the honor society.”
“Yeah, it’s more of a popularity organization, but thanks, I am smart. You’re smarter, I know that.”
“Liam, I’m going to Notre Dame too, I just haven’t told anyone except Mom. I received a full scholarship. I was just surprised we’re going to the same school. So you’ll be playing football for the Irish?”
“If I walk on. No, I’ll be running track, I have a scholarship too. I’m not surprised you’re going there, and I’m glad. I hope we’ll see a lot of each other.”
Time seemed to stand still for the moment and I smiled. “Pizza is getting cold.”
We decided on a scene from Romeo and Juliet for our project, it only had to be one scene and of course the balcony one was the best one ever written.
“The pizza was great, thanks for thinking of it. I guess I’ll see you tomorrow?”
“Yup, see you tomorrow.”
I finished the rest of my homework just as Mom was getting home. Another double shift, her workday was finally over.
“Hi sweetie. Wow, you look great,” she said as she kissed my forehead. “Did you eat something?”
She always asked me the same question. “I had pizza with a classmate. We have an English assignment to do together.”
“Oh that’s nice. Anyone I know?”
“Yeah, it was Liam.”
Her eyes widened. “Liam Eidleman, from next door?”
I smiled and rolled my eyes. “Yes Liam from next door. Oh and I have two classes with Jordan. He got his braces off and wears contacts. It was great to see him.”
She stopped what she was doing and looked at me again. “Is Liam why you cut your hair and are wearing make-up?”
“No,” I insisted. “I thought it was time I looked more like an adult. I’m off to college soon and I should look like I belong and not like I’m a high school sophomore on a field trip.”
Mom winced. “Oh, don’t talk about it. Every time I think about you leaving, it makes me want to cry. Not that I’m not proud of you. I really am, but you’re my baby. You always will be.”
“I know. You should take some classes, Mom. You’re really smart, you could have a new career.  I’m sure you could get a grant.”
“Thanks sweetie, maybe I will. I’m going to take a hot bath and go to bed.”
She gave me another kiss, she looked so tired. Maybe if my deadbeat dad paid all the back child support he owed, she wouldn’t have to work so hard. I’d decided a long time ago that I was going to make something of myself and take care of her.
The next morning I got up extra early to make sure I had enough time to do my hair and makeup. For the first time in my life I chose an outfit that wasn’t jeans and a t-shirt. I picked out a cute skirt and top and a pair of reasonable shoes. I hadn’t practiced with the higher heels yet.
I walked outside to find Jordan waiting to walk to school with me. His mouth sagged open when he saw me. “Wow! Were you visited by your fairy godmother last night or what?”
I flashed him a smile and joined him. As we started down the sidewalk I elbowed him. “I appreciate your reaction, but no fairy god mother.  Haley and I went to the mall after school yesterday. We just thought it was time for a new look for our senior year. So you think it’s okay?”
“Okay? It’s…you’re hot, Lizzie, maybe too hot for me. Like, maybe I should walk behind you.”
“Stop it. You’re my best friend and you always will be. Did you apply to any colleges yet? I really want you to go to Notre Dame with me.”
“I’m having a little trouble getting schools to accept my credits for last year, and Lizzie, I’m just not sure Notre Dame is for me. I really want to go out of state for college, Berkley maybe.”
I stopped, my forehead furrowed in a frown. “Berkley? Really? You can’t be serious, Jordan.”
“I am. I’m tired of being so serious about everything all the time. I want to try something different. Maybe I’ll just work for a year first; you know until I decide what I really want to do.”
We started to walk again. “I don’t know what happened to you in Europe, but that doesn’t sound like you at all.”
“No? Well, maybe that’s a good thing. Still want me for your best friend?”
I socked him in the arm. “Of course I do.”

CHAPTER THREE
I received some interesting looks when we got to school. The group of jocks gathered by the lockers even stopped talking and stared at me. I’m not sure they knew who I was, since they didn’t know before. Liam didn’t acknowledge me, but since he was with his friends I really didn’t expect him to. He wouldn’t want them to think we were friends.
The mean girls headed by, Allison glared at me every time they got a chance and later, when I entered the lunch room, Allison waved me over. The so-called ‘popular kids’ all sat near each other. The mean girls’ table was next to the jocks’, who occupied several tables along with the drama group, the dance team and other cheerleaders. Smart kids, Future Farmers of America, computer, chess and math geeks, and band kids were banned to the other side of the room.
Allison made room beside her.  “Come sit with us.”
“Thanks, but my friends are waiting for me, see you.” At the jock table, Liam chuckled, but didn’t say anything. I set my tray down next to Haley and sat down between her and Fred, who plays tuba.
“What did Allison want?” Haley asked.
“I guess she was impressed by my make over.  She asked me to join them for lunch.”
“And you said no? To Allison?” 
“Yes, Haley, I said no…to Allison. She doesn’t decide what I can and can’t do. She may think she’s the Queen bee, but she’s not. Anyway, you’re all my friends, not them. I don’t have anything in common with those girls.”
“Yes you do,” Fred said. “You’re beautiful.”
“No I’m not.” I looked around the table and they were all nodding.
“Yes you are, Lizzie. Both you and Haley are,” Jordan added.
“Well, I don’t think so, but thanks for saying it. See, that’s what real friends do. They cheer you up.”
At home I was at the table as usual doing home work when I decided I’d take a break and go for a run. I changed, tied my hair up, did a few slow stretches, put in my ear buds and started a slow jog. After thirty minutes I stopped at the little park on the corner by the river. It was a place I often stopped for its quiet atmosphere and I could watch the ducks while I stretched before turning back toward home. As I walked to the water I noticed someone.
“Liam, what are you doing here?”
“Same thing you are. Taking a break.” He walked over to a picnic table, sat down, glanced over and smiled. God he was adorable. I sat across from him, not knowing what to say.
“You made quite an impression today. You really put Allison in her place, and I’d watch your back now if I were you.”
“Pfff, I was already off of her list, not that I care. I didn’t cut my hair so I could get her or anyone else’s approval. I did it because I wanted to.”
“Good for you.”
“So, is this going to be the norm now? You talk to me, but only when none of your friends are around?”
His smile faded. “It’s not like that.”
“Oh really? What’s it like then?”
“I want us to be friends. I’d like us to be more, but it’s not for them. It’s something that’s just for us.”
“You lost me. We’ve rarely spoken until yesterday.”
“I know.” Liam sat forward, resting his arms on the table. He looked down at his hands and smiled. “Remember when you said you saw me with my friends and how close our houses and our bedrooms are? I’ve seen you too. How you dance by yourself. I hear you practice your music, your singing. I sit out of sight so you won’t freak out.”
I realized my mouth had dropped open, so I snapped it shut. “So you’re a peeping Tom? I’m glad I change in the bathroom or with the shade closed.”
He looked up, a sheepish grin on his face. “Yeah, darn it.”
I had to laugh. “Why now though? We could have been friends for a long time.”
“I told you. I was a total jerk. My mom said something to me a few days ago, and it really sent me reeling.”
“What was it?”
“She said I was just like my father, and she was right. I had to change. I don’t want to end up like him.” He reached out and trailed a finger across the top of my hand. “If we keep this to ourselves no one will say stupid things, ask stupid questions, or treat us differently. Not because I’m ashamed to be with you, for them to know, but because I want it to be something special, just for us. Maybe it doesn’t make any sense.”
I realized by the way he was looking at me, really seeing me, what he meant. “It makes perfect sense. I better start back. I’ve got a ton of homework, and Jordan usually wants to play basketball in the evening.”
“I envy him. You two being so close, I mean.”
“That’s sweet. His mom and mine grew up together, so we’ve always been around each other.” I looked around. “Do you really mean all this? I can’t help thinking I’m being punked or something. There’s not a camera man somewhere around here is there?”
“No cameras and I do mean it, Lizzie. We need to work on our scene again. When do you want to do that?”
“How about tomorrow night?”
“I can’t tomorrow. How about Thursday? Should I bring pizza?”
“Okay, sounds good. Will you be here tomorrow at the same time?”
He nodded and we both smiled. I turned and jogged up the stone steps. What a crazy couple of days. When I turned onto my block I noticed my step-father’s car parked in front of our house. Just great.
When I got into the house I heard him in the kitchen and while I tried to be quiet, the old stairs squeaked and gave me away.
From the kitchen I heard, “That you Liz?”
“Yeah, I’m just back from a run. I have homework.”
“Good to see you, too. Geez, you could at least pretend you’re glad I’m home.”
I stopped on the next step and sighed. “Glad you’re home, Frank. Mom should be here any minute.”
I shut and locked my bedroom door and plopped down on the bed, and then I remembered what Liam had said. I drew back the blinds and looked across to his bedroom. It was dark, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t there, so just in case I smiled and waved. No response so I sank back down, pulled out my flute and started to practice. We had sectionals soon and I had a new solo to learn. I was also playing piano accompaniment for several people.
After thirty minutes I stopped, cleaned my flute and was just putting it away when there was a knock on the door.
“Lizzie, I brought home dinner. Your favorite, chicken and mac and cheese.”
“Thanks Mom. I’ll be right down.” When I stood, I glanced across to Liam’s and found him framed by his window, smiling. He raised his hand and I waved back. I did understand. 

The next day, I found myself watching the clock. I couldn’t wait for school to end and to go for my run.
Jordan trotted after me. “Lizzy, slow down. You may be in good shape, but I’m not. You’re usually not in such a hurry to get home, especially with your step-dad there.”
“Thanks for reminding me. You need to come in with me, just in case he’s been drinking all day.”
“Okay. What did you do last year while I was gone?”
“Stayed at school until I knew my mom would be home. And I was gone all summer, working at a summer arts camp.”
Jordan shook his head. “I don’t understand what your mom sees in him.”
“A paid mortgage is what she sees in him. He treats her okay, he’s not home much. He just gives me the creeps, the way he looks at me, you know?”
“Yeah, I do know. You can always come over to my house. Mom understands.”
“Thanks. Let’s change the subject. When are you getting together with Allison?”
Jordan grinned. “She’s coming over tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow? Whose idea was that?”
“Hers, why?”
“Because Liam is coming over to my house tomorrow too.”
Jordan stopped and frowned. “Are you saying she thinks she’ll have a chance to see what you and Liam are up to and maybe run into him once we’ve finished? You really think she’s more interested in him, than working with me?” Then he grinned again.
“Maybe you’re the one who should join drama, funny man.”
“I might just do that. I quite enjoy making a fool of myself in front of tens of people. I could major in the arts…at Berkley.” He purposely bumped shoulders with me, knocking me sideways, and I had to laugh.
“You could do anything you put your mind to, Jordan.”  I stopped walking and looked at him, my expression serious and sad.   “I guess I always thought we’d go to college together, at the same school. I just always thought you’d be around.”
“I will be, Lizzie. Always just a phone call away. Always.”

CHAPTER FOUR
Jordan and I entered my house by the side door. Once inside, I hesitated and when I didn’t hear anything, we snuck up the stairs. When we heard loud snoring I relaxed.
“Will you wait while I change?”
“Of course. Maybe I should start working out, too.”
“Not a bad idea.” I kicked off my shoes, grabbed my things and went into the bathroom to change. I was used to rushing to get dressed and after just a few minutes I was finished. “Thanks for staying,” I said to Jordan as I slipped on my sneakers.
“No problem, anytime.”
We snuck back down the stairs and together we walked over to his house. “Is it okay if I stop here if my mom still isn’t home when I get back?”
Jordan stared at me for a moment. “Lizzie, has Frank ever…”
“I don’t want to talk about it. I’ll see you later.” I raced off, fighting back tears. Frank had cornered me, coming out of the bathroom once. I only had a towel wrapped around me, I didn’t know he’d come home. If I had I never would have showered without my mom there. He tried to pull the towel off, and while fighting off his grip on my towel, he groped by body up and down with his other hand.  With his hot, liquor laden breath he panted that I had to be friendlier. He was drunk, of course, and luckily a bit unsteady. 
I yelled, kicked him in the groin, rushed into my room and locked the door.  With him yelling and pounding on the bedroom door, I huddled on the bed in a fetal position until finally, there was a loud thump, some stumbling, a groan and some unintelligible grumbling.  Then there was the sound of the door slamming. I covered my head with the pillow and sobbed. That was last spring, and I never told anyone. I’ve been very careful since then not to ever be alone with Frank again.
I made it to the park in record time. I walked around for a bit to catch my breath. When I got to the steps leading down to the lower level near the river, I saw Liam, but he wasn’t alone. He had his back to me and Allison had her arms around his neck. She looked up and seeing me, flashed a smile. Liam turned enough for me to see he was smiling too. I swiveled and jogged back the way I came, choking back tears again. I should have known it was all fake. He and Allison wanted to get me back for standing up to her. Fine, they’d done a great job. I felt like crap.
The next day in first period, Liam smiled at me as he took his seat. When the lunch bell rang, I opted out and headed to the welcome quiet of the choir room and as I sat down at the piano, Mrs. Turley, the choir director, came out of her office.
“Elizabeth, they’ve posted tryouts for the fall musical. I really think you should try out. It’s the first one we’ve ever done during the school year and there’s a part perfect for you. We’re doing Grease and you should try out for Sandy. She handed me the flyer, the tryouts were next week. I frowned as I read through the flyer a couple of times before I made up my mind.
“Sure, why not.”
“Really? That’s wonderful. I’ll get you the music. If you come early every weekday until then, I’ll help you prepare.”
“Okay, that’d be great. Thanks Mrs. Turley.”
“Well, you’re welcome. You have a beautiful voice and people should be able to hear it. Does this mean you might do a solo this spring for sectionals?”
I shrugged. “Maybe.”
I shoved the music in my bag and headed to the gym.
“Missed you at lunch,” Haley said.
“I wasn’t hungry.”
“Are you okay?”
“I’m just tired, I didn’t sleep very well.”
“Do you want to stay over on Friday? We could do just us, or I could ask a Jackie and Vanna.”
“Actually, that sounds fun, Haley, thanks.”
I got home just as Mom was pulling into the driveway. “Frank and I are going bowling, want to come with us?”
“No thanks, I have homework.” Then I remembered Liam was supposed to come over. “I have someone coming over again.”
“Oh, is it Liam?”
“Yeah, unfortunately it is.”
I helped her with the grocery bags and we set them on the kitchen counter. “Did something happen?”
“Just the usual.”
“If he’s been disrespectful, I’ll talk to his mother.”
“No Mom, it’s nothing. I’ll put this stuff away. You go get ready to go bowling.”
“Okay, if you’re sure.”
I nodded and she patted my shoulder and walked away. After the scene in the park, I really wasn’t looking forward to seeing and having to work with Liam now. But there was nothing to do about it and as I put away the groceries I decided I could make this work for me. I wasn’t experienced like Allison, but I had a great imagination.
I was glad Mom and Frank were gone and right at six the door bell rang. Liam stood on the porch, one hand on his hip, pizza in the other.
“Come on in,” I said with an exaggerated gesture. 
He smiled and moved pasted me. “I missed you at the park.”
I shut the door. “Yeah, like yesterday?”
“I didn’t see you yesterday either.”
He followed me into the dining room. “Well, I saw you. I’m guessing it’s exactly what you wanted. I’m sure you and Allison had a good laugh about how you taught me a lesson. Yeah, that’ll teach me to stand up to her.”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Yeah, okay.” I turned toward the kitchen to get plates and Liam grabbed my arm.
“Lizzie, Allison just showed up. I didn’t know she’d be there.”
“And her draped all over you and that silly grin on your face - that was all part of what…going with the flow?”
“Yeah, I guess so. I’m sorry if you’re upset, but it’s kinda hot that you’re jealous.”
I jerked my arm away and angrily made my way to the kitchen, where I pulled some dishes out of the cabinet. “Jealous? I’m not jealous. I’m just mad at myself for falling for your bull crap. Just for us…”
He twisted me around, pulled me to his chest and pressed his lips to mine. I told myself to push away, but kissing him was all I’d ever wanted to do. So I laced my fingers through his hair and kissed him back. He finally pulled away and locked his gaze to mine.
“Does that convince you?”
“I may need a lot more convincing.”
Liam chuckled, and pushed back my hair. “I’m okay with that.” He kissed me again and I felt my stomach quiver. It was the butterflies everyone always talked about. If he was still setting me up for a fall, it was going to be a long way down. When he finally pulled away he took my hand. “Come on, the pizza is getting cold.”
We sat together at the table and ate another pizza with everything on it. He continued to hold my hand and then the light faded from his eyes.
“I have to tell you something else.” I tried to pull my hand away, but he grasped it tighter. “Last spring, I heard you scream. I ran over, and found Frank pounding on your door. I grabbed him, shoved him into his room, punched him a few times and he passed out. He didn’t hurt you did he?”
I stared at him, blinking rapidly, trying to keep the tears starting to fill my eyes from overflowing.  Still one drifted down my cheek. I shook my head.
“No, not that he didn’t try. I had no idea you’d come in the house that night. I never told anyone about it. Since then, I’ve made it my plan to never be alone with Frank.”
“Good, I do watch out for you at night though. If he ever touches you again…”
“Shhh, thank you, Liam.” I leaned over and kissed his cheek, and then pressed my forehead against his.
We went over the love scene several times just to make sure it was right and around nine he packed up. I’d walked him to the door and as he crossed the porch, I noticed Allison talking to Jordan by the driveway. They must have finished their rehearsal, too. 
As Liam walked down my sidewalk, she brushed Jordan off. “It’s late, I’d better get home. Hey Liam…Liz.”
“Maybe you should walk Allison home, Liam. It’s pretty dark tonight,” I insisted.
He turned away from her and frowned at me. I just smiled. “See you two tomorrow,” I said and waved as I made my way toward Jordan.
We watched them walk down the sidewalk and Liam turned once to look back at me.  I waved animatedly.
“So Jordan, what did you two decide on for a scene?”
“She wanted to do one from Gone with the Wind.”
“She is the drama queen isn’t she? So are you Ashley or Rhett?”
“Ashley, but it’s mostly her.”
“Of course it is. I’ve decided to try out for the musical, it’s Grease.”
“Really? That’s great. You’ll really piss Allison off when you take the lead from her. I’m sure she thinks no one would even dare try.”
“I think this is the year of surprises for dear, sweet Allison.”
“She tries so hard to be something she’s not. She should just be herself.”
“Yeah, but Jordan, I’m not sure she even knows who that is anymore.”
The next day, when the bell rang, I braved the lunchroom. I filled my tray and sat next to Haley. Liam was with the other football players, when I glanced over he stood, picked up his still full tray and walked over to our table.
“Excuse me. Do you mind if I eat lunch with you from now on?”
Everyone at our table just stared at him, not knowing what the punch line was going to be. I scooted over and Liam sat down. I glanced Allison’s way, she was glaring knives at me. I couldn’t help it, I just gave her the “who knew” wide-eyed look, shrugged and smiled. Liam wrapped his arm around my waist and cuddled closer. 
Liam and I were the topic of every conversation.  You could actually hear the swell and ebb of gossip as we walked together through the halls.  The speculation increased to a fever pitch after our Romeo and Juliet balcony scene and after I won the lead in Grease.
I was looking forward to graduation and our time together at Notre Dame.  My life was just beginning and through my eyes looked bright and full of promise. This wallflower had truly blossomed.



E. L. Loraine lives in the South East and when not writing novels, loves to travel, dabble in interior design and cook. 

Books by Elizabeth Loraine available in E-book and print:
Royal Blood Chronicles YA Series
Katrina - the Beginning
The Protectors
The Dark Prince 
Cain – the Quest
Bloodline
Legacy
Redemption
Destiny
Royal Chronicles Novellas
Quinn – a Watchers Story
Marcella – Vampire Mage
Sabine
Phantom Lives Series
Collier
Power
The Shifter Series
Green River 
Other Books
Lillian – A Vampire Tale
Lillian - Mask
Lillian – Retribution (April 2014)
Adult Romances – Corporate Ties and Western Escape

Goodbye
By Heather Kirchhoff
©2014 by Heather Kirchhoff

In the moonlight, tears glittered in his eyes and on my cheeks. I felt my heart slowly breaking, shattering into pieces. With his thumb, he gently wiped some fallen tears from my cheeks, a slow smile creeping to his lips. 
    “Now, now, no crying,” he said, his voice shaking just a bit. 
    I smiled as I met his gaze, as I saw the love and compassion in there. I love him with all my heart and soul, and don’t know what I’d do without him. I don’t know how I could live. 
    But I don’t have to. 
    I have him and he has me and that’s all we need. That just makes me stronger in waiting for him. It makes me believe. We can get through anything. 
    So far, that’s happened. In our relationship a lot has happened and could of broken us up, but it hasn’t. It only made us stronger, and made me see who he really is. He doesn’t give up, that’s for sure. He sticks to what he believes, yeah, but then again so do I. Everyone is always telling us how perfect we are together and that they wouldn’t be surprised if we stayed together forever. They always say how lucky I am. 
    The only hard part about all of this is saying goodbye. 
    “I love you,” he whispered in my ear, his arms wrapped tightly around my waist. 
    “I love you too,” I murmured. 
    He pressed his lips against mine, holding me against him. The kiss made me swell with happiness, despite the situation we’re in. He makes me feel whole. Complete. 
    Whenever I’m with him I feel altogether. No part of me is missing, except when he leaves me. Then it’s an entirely different story. 
    “Hey,” he said, kissing me again, “there’s no reason to be down. I’m here, and we’re together.” 
    “For how long?” I whispered, the words stinging. 
    “What do you mean? I’ll always be there for you forever. I’ll never leave you.” 
    I hesitated, a few things coming to mind of what I wanted to say, but all they will do is run him off. But then, again, do I really have a choice? He’s always telling me to say what I’m thinking to him, even if it hurts. Why should now be any different? 
    “Come on, Naz. Just don’t hold back.” 
    “You’re leaving me,” I said in a low voice. 
    “I’ll be back,” he promised. 
    “Yeah, but when and for how long?” 
    “I don’t know,” he said after a moment. 
    “James, I just…” I trailed off, a few tears running down my flesh. He wiped them away, his touch like a gentle caress. 
    “What?” His voice was soothing, his touch light. 
    “I just-I can’t stand it if anything happened.” 
    “Nothing will. I swear. You don’t have to worry about me.” 
    “It’s hard not to when your not here with me. Not when I can’t hear your voice reassuring me, telling me everything will be alright. Not when I can‘t see you every day. Or when you can‘t come over for a surprise visit whenever I‘m extremely busy. Or even to just pick up the phone and hear your voice…” None of that would matter when you’re gone. 
    “It all will, Nazalia. That’s what will make it even better when I come back because you haven’t seen me, nor had all of those things for a while. When I come back, you will have all of that again. It’s just for now.” 
    “How long is for now?”
    “I… I can’t answer that.” 
    “Of course. Because no one can.” 
    “Hey, you don’t have to do that. Don’t start pushing me away.” After a moment, he added, “I think it’s best if you start letting other’s in as well.” 
    “How can I? You’re the only one who get’s me. If I push you away, then I’m done for.” 
    “Don’t talk like that, either. If you do then it will make me worry.” 
    “I’m sorry, but I-it’s just hard to think of letting anyone else in, and leaving you out.” 
    “Sometimes you have to do the hardest things.” 
    Yeah, but that didn’t mean I would. It’s impossible to start keeping him out and other’s in. They don’t understand me like he does. With one look at me and he knows something’s wrong. He’ll try to figure out what is and not accept I’m fine. But with anyone else? It’s nothing. They don’t notice. It’s as if they can’t see in my eyes and tell that something’s up. 
    “Like this,” he said, interrupting my thoughts. “You have no idea how I feel about this. Because, honestly, I feel the exact same way. It’s hard to leave you, but I have to. I just hope that you’ll understand one day soon. I hope you’ll forgive me for leaving you.” 
    I didn’t answer, just stared into the distance and let my mind wander. I could tell by the way he was suddenly holding me, the way his arms felt tight and rigged, that he was afraid I’d be mad at him. He was afraid I’d get tired of waiting and leave him for someone else. Someone who’ll always be there for me every single day of my life, and won’t ever leave my side unless I ask them to. 
    “James,” I murmured in his ear, my breathing shallow. “I don’t ever want this to end.” 
    He pulled back and stared at me as if I was crazy. Our gazes locked, and I felt my heart beat going stronger for that moment. 
    “You mean that?” His voice was shallow, as if he was afraid I’d say otherwise. 
    “Of course I do. I don’t know what I’d do without you. I thought you already knew that. I couldn’t ever leave you for someone else. I feel sick just thinking of it. You have no idea how I feel about that.” 
    “I think I do. Sometimes it slips into my mind, and I don’t want it to end, either. But sometimes I wonder…” 
    He trailed off and pressed his lips against my collarbone, making me shiver. His breath was hot on my flesh, a ghost of a smile forming in his voice, as he said, “I know it’s going to be hard, but we’ve gotten this far. And I think we can get even farther, if you wait for me.” 
    Hooking my finger under his chin, I made him look into my eyes, as I said, “I’ll wait for you till the ends of the earth.” 
    “That’s what I like to hear.” 
    I wrapped my arms around his neck and he lifted me up to where I could wrap my legs around his waist. He repositioned his hands to where he could better hold me against him. 
    “I knew this was going to be hard,” he added after a few moments. “But I didn’t think it’d be this hard trying to leave you.” 
    “You’ve done it before, when you went to training.” 
    “Yeah, but that’s different. I got to see you a few times in between those. This time around I don’t know when I get to see you again. That’s what kills me. Not knowing.” 
    “Me too. But it has to be done.” 
    “Yeah,” he agreed. “It does.” 
    I’ll miss him and I’ll wait until I can see him again, but at the same time I wished he didn’t have to go. I wish it was a year ago and I was a junior, him a senior. Those were the best times I’ve had in my entire life. Whenever he had first told me that he wanted to go into the military, I didn’t know what to think of it, except to make every moment with him last a few moments longer. 
    Eventually he caught on and started wondering why, in a teasing manner. I didn’t ever really reply because I knew his question wasn’t in need of an answer. 
    Suddenly, his flight was called, and my heart lurched. This was his duty I knew, but it was still hard knowing he was about to leave me. 
He grabbed me into a hug, and I buried my face in his chest, my arms wrapped tightly around his waist. Tears burned as they came, but I willed them away. 
    “Shhh,” James murmured into my hair. “Don’t cry, babe. I’ll be back as soon as I can. I promise.” 
    That didn’t really make me feel better, but I didn’t show that to him. I couldn’t. This was his dream, and I’m not going to stand in his way. 
    “I love you, Nazalia. Forever and always.” 
    “Love you too,” I said as I pulled away against my own will. 
    “Don’t forget what I’ve told you.” 
    “I won’t.” 
    Just as he was pulling away to get his stuff, I pulled him back to me and kissed him, not wanting this to end quite yet. He returned the kiss and, as his flight was called for one last time, he reached down to collect his few bags, slinging them over his shoulder. He wiped the few tears away that was glittering on my cheeks, his touch light. 
    “See you.” 
    “Bye.” 
    He turned away from me, glancing at me for the last time. In his eyes, I saw compassion and deep love for me. I smiled for his sake, but it felt fake on my lips. I watched as he walked away, and onto his duty, my heart shattering. 
　 
I stare up at my ceiling, longing for him again. Ever since I left the airport, I’ve been hurting, desperately wishing for him, but then reminding myself I’ll get to see James again. It may not be soon, but it will happen. 
    My gaze strayed to the picture of us from last year’s prom. Him in a tux, and I in a very pretty pale blue dress, with sparkles here and there. That night, I must admit, was the best night of my life. I was taken back to that night, hearing our laughter, and seeing us dancing together. Hearing him once again telling me I was beautiful. Seeing his dazzling smile, and feeling his kiss. It had been all too good to be true. I still couldn’t believe I was there with him, that I was even dating him in the first place. 
    His spot in school was higher than mine had been-and still is. Yeah, I have friends, but other than that I’m invisible. Except when I started dating James; then everything changed. Now it’s going to be exactly that same as it was. Me being the shy, quiet girl who hardly has any friends, and people wondering why I would ever have a boyfriend because no one knows who I really am. It’s been that way for as long as I can remember, and it’ll stay that way until I graduate. 
    Moonlight trickled into my room, revealing my mirror and me. I saw a heartbroken, love struck girl with shiny black hair, light tan skin, sharp cheekbones, and navy blue eyes. She had on a dark-but-light tank top, and jeans; her hair hung around her face, framing it in the way that her boyfriend loves it, and say it makes her look even more beautiful. The necklace around her neck shown, diamonds sparkled, making her fall in-love with it even more. 
    I knew I had to look worse than it seemed, but all I could see was whatever James saw in me. I couldn’t hardly see that heartbroken girl, in the way of heartbreak. But I knew she was there, waiting for a way out. 
Honestly, I was numb. I hardly could keep my mind away from my boyfriend, and I ached for his touch so much. I knew I shouldn’t be focusing on this. I shouldn’t be here by myself, but I am, and it seems I can’t force myself to leave. I can’t confide in the world yet. 
    A few days had gone by without me even really noticing. I couldn’t hardly focus in school, even though I’m doing everything I’m told and going through the actions. I’m there, but, yet, I’m not there. Those days turned into weeks, and those weeks turned into months, slowly ticking by. 
    “Nazalia, you have mail,” my mom said one day after school. I grabbed the envelope she was holding out, read the return address, and took it up to my room. 
    Dropping my stuff, I opened it and pulled out a letter: 
    Nazalia, 
    I’m sorry I haven’t gotten word out to you until now, but I just didn’t have any time. I hope you understand that. If nothing else, I just wanted you to know that I love and miss you. It’s hard being away, but we have to make the best of it. 
    I hope everything’s going fine over there. I hope you're okay. I love you. 
    James 
    I read it a few more times before replying. I carefully folded it, and added it to an envelope, writing my address and his on it before sending it off. I then grabbed my homework, and tried to get on with my life. 
　 
“Hey, Nazalia!” 
    I blinked, and looked over to see my best friend, Mandy. I was sitting outside, finally finished with my hours-long homework. 
    “How’s it been going?” she asked before I could say anything. 
    “Okay,” I replied. 
    “You don’t seem that way. What’s going on?” 
    “You know what. It’s just that I miss him.” 
    “I know, and I’m sorry that he keeps leaving you. I really am.” 
    “He’s not leaving me on purpose. It’s not his choice.” 
    “Whatever. Believe what you want.” 
    “I can’t believe you.” 
    “Tell me this,” she said, ignoring my last comment. “Does he even love you? I mean, to me at least, if someone leaves, then they don’t love you. They never have.” 
    My anger grew with each word she spoke. How could she just come over here and say this? It’s cruel. 
    “Of course he does,” I snapped. 
    “I don’t understand you.” I could hear a faint snicker in her voice. “Have you ever even loved him? I mean, come on. He’s popular and pretty hot. And he fell for you.” Her eyes gleamed with envy as she spoke. “All you had to do is go along with it. He made you popular. He made you everything that you are now. Are you really going to tell me that you love him?” 
    “Yes, because it’s true. Not that you would know that.” 
    “I’m just saying the truth.” 
    “No, you're speaking a lie. One that I’m not going to take.” 
    “What are you going to do about it?” 
    Instead of answering I turned and walked away from her. I’m not playing any of her games. I’m not going to let her tell me who I love and don’t. I won’t let her push me around again. When I looked back over, she was gone. 
    Dinner came and went. I was still angry with Mandy. I couldn’t believe she came over just to say those horrible things. 
    “Sometimes people doesn’t know what to say,” Mom said as we were cleaning off the table. 
    “This is different. She came over and said that I didn’t love him. That he never loved me. That it was all for popularity.” I sat the few plates I was holding into the soapy water. “She didn’t have a right.” 
    “No, she didn’t. Like I said, sometimes people say and do things they shouldn’t. You shouldn’t let what she says get to you. Just ignore it.” 
    “It’s not that easy.” 
    “Maybe not, but it’s possible.” 
    I didn’t answer her as we finished cleaning the kitchen and she didn’t bring it up anymore. 
    I stared out at the glistening sea, listening as the waves crashed gently against one another. I watched as they swirled around each other, almost as if in a gleeful dance. 
    “Naz?” 
    Hearing that voice I turned around, my heart skipping a few beats as I saw him. Bathed in moonlight, he was breathtaking. With his tan skin, muscular build, and his brownish hair. I couldn’t believe he was standing right in front of me. 
    “James!” 
    I ran to him and he caught me in his embrace, and everything suddenly felt as it should be. Us together with nothing to worry about. 
I buried my face in his chest, so happy and surprised that he was here. All of the emotions rose up, and I couldn’t control them. In the next instant, I was alone. I was crying for him, searching. I ran into the darkness, afraid as I hear the cries of people being murdered, the screams for help. I fell to my knees as I heard gunshots in the far distance… 
　 
I woke with a start, my breathing heavy, my skin damp with sweat. I glanced at my alarm, surprised to find it’s only one in the morning. I sighed, closing my eyes after a few moments of staring off into the dark. But all I could hear was the gun shots; all I could see was his blood, painting the ground like it’s a canvas. All I could see was his pleading eyes as he fell, his grimace of pain. 
    My eyes snapped opened and I took a deep breath, trying to steady myself. But it didn’t help. After a few more failed attempts, I threw my covers off of me, going to the bathroom and splashing some water on my face. I stared at myself in the mirror, surprised to find my eyes looking stoned, lazy. I closed them, shaking my head, trying to clear my thoughts. Finally, I left the bathroom, turning off the light as I headed into the darkness and to my room. I laid back down, hoping to dream of roses and butterfly’s and James coming home to me uninjured. 
    Graduation day. I couldn’t believe any of this, but it was finally here. The day we’d start the rest of our lives. I was so excited, hugging my classmates as we talked about our plans for college and the future. We were stored in the band room, smiling and laughing as we recounted our memories during high school and way back to elementary school. As far as we could remember, anything funny was said.
    “I can’t believe it’s finally here,” Mandy said as she stood beside me, shooting me a fleeting glance. 
    I shrugged. “Me either. But you know life goes on.” 
    “Completely true.” She nodded fiercely, her eyes widening. “Do you know when James is coming back?” 
    “No.” I sighed as those thoughts crept into my mind. “No clue.” 
    “I’m sorry. I just figured you heard something.” 
    “He’s in the army. He doesn’t know half the things he has to do until it’s time to get going.” 
    “Yeah.” Her lips shinned with lip gloss. I watched as she rubbed them together again, smiling at me. “It must be hard not having him here on graduation day.” 
    “He has to do what he has to do. Even if it means not watching me graduate.” 
    “He may miss several other things too you know. It won’t just be this.” 
I never thought about that, but deep within me, I knew it was true. Would I really want to be with someone who’ll miss important things like this? I shook my head, quickly wiping a tear away. Of course I would. It wasn’t about how much they missed after all. It was about how much they care about you and vice versa. That’s all that should matter. As long as he’s there for me then everything will be okay. 
    “I know,” I said finally, glancing around the room. I watched as several other girls fixed their hair, put makeup on and made themselves look beautiful. “It will be okay though.” 
    “Yes, it will be. As long as you’re sure about your feelings for each other nothing else should matter.” 
    “Exactly.” 
    “Hey!” one of our classmates exclaimed as she bounded over to us. “Are you girls ready or what?” 
    “We are,” I replied, smiling. “We completely are.” 
    “Want more makeup on? Or are you done?” 
    “N-” 
    Mandy elbowed me, cutting my refusal off. “We could possibly use a little more,” she said in my place. “Can’t we Nazalia?” 
    “Uh, yeah, sure.” 
    “Great! Come with me; we’ll use a bathroom.” She beamed as we followed her out of the crowded room and into a dimly lit bathroom. “Want me to do yours Nazalia?” 
    “Sure.” 
    “I’ll do my own,” Mandy added earning a nod. 
    “Great!” she repeated. “Come over here.” 
    I did as she said, watching in the mirror as she placed my hair behind my ears. She started with adding blush to my face before moving on to my eyes.   “You look pretty Nazalia,” she commented. “Not that you don’t every day, but-” 
    “Thanks.” I interjected. “I know what you mean.” 
    “Close your eyes,” she instructed. I did so, feeling her lightly move the eye shadow over my eyelids. I licked my lips, opening my eyes when she pulled away. She then swiped pink lipstick over my lips, adding a few more coats before beaming again. “Perfect!” 
    “Come on girls time to go!” a brunette said, her eyes shining. 
    We scurried after her, taking our places among the rest of our classmates. We went into the gym two at a time, one boy and one girl. When it was my turn, I took a deep breath before walking down side-by-side another boy, joining our classmates. After the others came out, we were told to sit and the principal began talking about our class and how fun it was to have us. 
After about an hour of listening to people talk, we began getting our diplomas. I couldn’t believe it when my name was called and I was handed mine, shaking hands with the principal. I joined the others who got theirs already and listened as everyone else was called. Finally, we were announced as the graduating class of 2012. We threw our caps as everyone clapped and cheered. 
    After a few more minutes we merged into the crowd, being congratulated as we passed. I walked out into an open space, as a few people patted me on the back. 
    “Nazalia!” 
    I turned, unable to believe what I saw; it all felt surreal. But there he was, the only person who can actually make this day better than it already was. My heart leaped as I met his gaze, my smile growing, beaming. 
    “James!” I exclaimed as I was wrapped in his embrace. “What are you doing here?” 
    “Surprising you,” he responded, taking my hand. His smile was dazzling and my heart fluttered. He pressed his lips lightly against mine, stealing my breath. 
    “Let me go ditch this,” I said, tugging on my gown. “It’s bugging me.” 
    “Of course.” James followed me, waiting outside as I disappeared into the band room. A few others were in there, draping their caps and gowns on a hanger. 
    “Hey Nazalia!” 
    “Hi.” I shimmied out of my gown, hanging it up and adding my cap to the hanger. It felt so good to be arid of that. I shook my hair out, fluffing it with my hands and wiping any wrinkles out of my dress. 
    “Lookin’ good girl,” a blond said as she entered the room. 
    “Thanks.” 
    I went out and joined my boyfriend. His eyes grazed over my outfit. “You look amazing,” he said, kissing me. 
    “Thank you. You don’t look bad yourself, you know.” 
    James laughed as he pulled me out of the way of a few of my classmates. They shot me a curious look, but didn’t say anything. 
    “We should probably go find my parents.” 
    “Nah, they told me to just take you to the party.” 
    “Well then let’s go.” 
    “All right,” he said after a moment. He took my hand, leading me away from the band room and towards the entrance down the hall. When we reached it, I looked back once, wondering when I’d ever come back in here. 
    “I can’t believe I’m done with high school for good,” I remarked as we reached my boyfriend’s car. “It feels weird to think that.” 
    “You’ll get used to it,” James replied as he unlocked the door. 
    “Now I get to move on with my life. School can’t hold me back from my dreams anymore.” 
    “It shouldn’t have ever held you back, Naz.” 
    “I felt like a prisoner in there sometimes.” 
    “Why?” 
    “I don’t know. I just felt like I couldn’t reach my dreams while there; like they kept drifting farther and farther away from me.” 
    “Sometimes that’ll happen, but don’t let it get away. If you want it bad enough, you’ll chase it, no matter how far.” 
    “What if I want it but can’t chase it? Like I try to but it doesn’t work out?” 
    “Try something else then. Just don’t give up any hope of it ever coming true.” 
    His words rang with truth, but I don’t know if it’ll be that easy. At the moment they seem so far off. We rode on in silence, lost in our own thoughts. When we finally arrived, I turned my attention to James. 
    “You’re right.” 
    “What?” he asked, taken off guard. 
    “I shouldn’t let my dreams run away from me. I should chase them until I feel on edge. I should push myself to keep going.” 
    “That’s my girl.” 
    “Thank you,” I murmured. 
    “For what?” 
    “Being there for me.” 
    Instead of answering, he leaned over and kissed me, lingering for a few extra seconds before saying, “We should go inside.” 
    “Are you sure?” 
    “Yeah. Your parents will kill me if we don’t.” 
    “Fine,” I sighed, grabbing his arm as he began to get out. “But first…” I kissed him a few times before pulling away and opening my door. 
Inside was as ordinary as out. I licked my lips as I gazed around, searching for my parents. I wandered over to the food table, picking out a few cookies, looking around for James. I finally spotted him talking to a few of my relatives and I walked over to them. 
    “I’m so proud of you Nazalia!” my aunt beamed as I joined them. 
    “I think everyone is,” my cousin chimed. “You’re looking good today, by the way.” 
    “And I don’t any other day?” I asked sarcastically. 
    “That’s not-” 
    “What you mean,” I finished for her. “I know.” 
    “I hate when you do that!” she complained. 
    I laughed, watching as James walked over to us, wrapping his arm around me. They engaged him in small talk and I stood there, watching the party happening around me. I went around as the hostess and talked to as much people as I could, smiling and hearing about when I was little. It was fun, but I was glad when the party was over. 
    “Hey,” James said as he walked over to me. “Want to go for a walk?” 
    “Sure,” I replied. He took my hand and we went to his car. He drove until we reached a small creek with a boulder overlooking it. I smiled down at the water as it glistened in the moonlight. I let my gaze wander up towards the inky night sky and the moon shining brightly; the stars twinkled overhead too almost as if they’re winking at us. I glanced over at James and he took my hand, turning me to face him. He knelt down and pulled out a small box. “Nazalia Renee Show, I love you forever and always. Will you marry me?” 
    My heart raced as I gazed at him. “Yes,” I whispered, watching him as he placed glittering the ring on my finger. He kissed me and I felt complete. 
He was only suppose to be here for a few days and we made the best out of it. It was like a dream as we told everyone that we were engaged. I still couldn’t believe that I was going to be with him forever. And always. 
    Your fiancée, James Bowman, was killed in action… 
    I couldn’t read anymore. I suddenly felt as if a bullet pierced my heart. 
    He couldn’t be gone. 

Visions of You
By Patrick Van Slyke
©2014 by Patrick Van Slyke
“Marriage?” Melanie asked incredulously, looking up from the small ring into James intense face. He had surprised her after driving them to their private spot in the Bighorn Mountain foothills.
“Marriage?” she asked again. “James, I love you, I’m so in love with you. But marriage is such a big step. I mean, we’re only starting college this year. What if our feelings change?”
“My feelings aren’t going to change, Melanie. I never want to be without you.”
“But what – what if you find someone you love more than me. You know, like someone who is a better fit for you?”’
“There is no one who is a better fit for me.”
“How can you know that? I mean we’re so young.”
James pulled his legs up on the bench seat of the old truck so that he was sitting cross-legged facing the young girl. She did the same. They were on eye level, close enough to smell each other, smells they had come to cherish.”
James took the girl’s hands in his gently. “You are the only person that I trust. You are the only person I ever want to wake up to. I want us to be a family and build a life together. Don’t you?”
“Well, yes, of course I do, James. I mean right now you are the only thing I think of. But what about the future? How many times have you ever heard of high school sweethearts making it? Almost never. None that I can think of. Is it fair to put that kind of pressure on ourselves?”
James lifted one of her hands and kissed it gently. His gentle, quiet nature was one of the things she loved most about him. He wasn’t like a lot of the other boys.
“Melanie, my life would suck without you.
“No! No, James,” she laughed. “Sure it would hurt for a while but we would get over it and find other people. James, you’re beautiful. You’re one of the smartest and sweetest people I have ever met. You deserve the very best. I’m just an, well, one girl in a million.”
“No Melanie, you are the only girl in the world to me. But sure, you’re right. I’d go on without you and I’d have a normal, kinda regular life. But it wouldn’t be right without you. Here, let me show you. Hold my hands a bit tighter and close your eyes. I’m going to show you the future.”
“Huh?”
“I’m gonna show you the future. Well, my future. Or what it would be like without you. It might be a little weird at first but it won’t hurt. Keep your eyes closed so I can show you.”
“Are you crazy?”
“Just promise to keep your eyes closed, okay?”
“Forget it. Whatdaya think? I’m a fool? You’re just going to cop a feel. You don’t have to play games, idiot. We’re way past that, unless you trying some weird roll-playing crap.”
“Melanie, come on,” he urged. “Just do as I say, alright? Listen, just close your eyes. But don’t be scared and don’t open them until I’m done.”
“Okay weirdo, whatever it takes to get you to shut up about it. Here,” she applied warm pressure to his hands and closed her beautiful brown eyes. “This right?” she asked sarcastically.
“Yeah,” he answered, closing his eyes. “Here it comes. Don’t open ‘em okay?”
There was only a moment silence.
“What the fuck?” Melanie yelled, yanking her hands from his, her eyes wide with shock. “Oh my God!” she whispered, holding a hand to her mouth. “You drugged me, you mother-…”
“Oh jeeze, really? Come on, Melanie! Do you feel drugged? Have I ever drugged you before? Do I even do drugs?”
“But…”
“Look, this is just like this – thing I can do. I don’t know. It’s like an X-Men thing or something. But it won’t hurt. It’s just, I don’t know, like looking at things that might come true.”
“No … way!” she cried.
“Awe, come on. It’s nothing big. It’s nothing like that! I swear. It’s just weird. Now do you want to see or not?”
“Are you serious? Hell yeah I want to see.” She grabbed his hand and looked at him with her flushed face. “Okay, show me.”
“Okay,” he breathed. “Now, just relax and keep your eyes closed.”
#
“Winter’s coming,” James said to himself, stepping out of the BMW in his driveway in the suburbs. He looked up at the three story colonial home that they had paid off years ago with disinterest. To James, buying the house had just been the next thing to do.
#
“I can feel what you’re feeling and hear your thoughts,” Melanie whispered.
“They’re not mine yet,” he whispered back.
#
He looked up and down the quiet street, looking at the red and yellow crowned Maple trees in front of all the homes.
“Hello, Jim,” his neighbor, Gary from two doors down yelled.
Who the hell told that dumbass he could call me Jim anyway, James wondered as he smiled and nodded politely. Probably Lane, his wife, he answered himself. Jim and Lane, he said to himself. The perfect couple. She probably told that ass and his fat wife that they would come over for dinner sometimes this week. God, he hoped she didn’t.
#
“Who the fuck is Lane,” Melanie asked without opening her eyes.
“You know, I kinda got to focus to do this so if you could just shut up for a sec we will see who Lane is. And remember why we are doing this anyway.”
“Oh yeah. Sorry.”
“Okay, let me get us back.”
#
James looked at his hand as he took his briefcase from the car. It was his hand, but it looked so much different. He remembered when he had been young. Then it had looked new and strong and clean, just like all of him. Now it looked old and scared, just like the rest of him. He shook his head and walked up the porch.
“Dad’s home!” he heard his wife yell from somewhere as he opened the door. A beagle and two young boys came flying into view, racing to see who would crash into him first.
James smiled, but it was a tired smile. The kids were great and the dog was great but when he got home he was exhausted and Lane would need her “me time.” He understood, but man, he could use some “me time” too.
“Dad, Dad,” Joseph screamed as all three creatures crashed into his legs at the same time. Joseph and Damon were identical twin boys, nine years old.
“Dad,” Joseph continued. “You gotta come and see what we did! Me and Damon made a kite and it really flies and then Bean tried to eat it and Damon and Bean were tugging on it and it was so funny but we fixed…”
“Whoa!” Joseph laughed in spite of himself.  “You got to be kidding me. You guys didn’t make a kite,” he teased, taking off his coat and throwing it and his briefcase on a bench by the door.
“We sure did, Pop,” Damon retorted. “You got to come see it right now!”
“Well, hold on. I want to see that thing and I want to spend some time hearing about your days but I got to say hello and kiss your mom, don’t I?”
“Ew, Dad, come on!” That was Joseph. He could tell because he called James Dad. “We don’t want to hear about that.”
“’Sides, Pop, mom’s got a cold or something.”
“He’s right, babe,” James heard his wife yelling from above. “I ordered a pizza for you and the kids. I’m too tired to get up. I’ll see you when you come to bed.”
James sighed. He was tired, but people got sick. “Okay, honey.”
James night went better than planned. The kids showed him their kite and he was surprised by the quality. He had some good damn kids. The pizza was great and Bean the beagle got to eat more than his fair share of crusts.
By the time he got the kids in tucked in bed, he was dead tired. But he was content. He went into his room and saw that Jane was still in bed, her back toward him. He saw how lovely her hair looked on the pillow and admired the soft glow of skin where the blanket had slipped down her back.  
Tired but content he got undressed and dropped into bed next to his wife.
“Oops,” he muttered to himself.
“Oops what?” Lane said, turning toward him.
He looked into her beautiful face and fell in love all over again, just like every night.
“I’ll be right back,” he smiled. “I forgot to brush my teeth.”
Her warm, incredibly soft arm pulled him down, into her embrace. “Your teeth can wait awhile, don’t you think?”
“Yeah,” he smiled. “They can wait.” 
He kissed his wife.
#
James opened his eyes and let go of Melanie’s hands.
“See,” he said. “Did you see? That life looks so … dull. Man, I want us to go places. I want to write. You have your music. We gotta see the world. That life … man, that life is just not for me.”
Melanie looked at James as if she couldn’t believe what she was hearing.
“James, you cannot seriously be that stupid.”
“What? Whadaya mean stupid?” he protested.
“Come on, James! Lane? A girl named Lane? A wife named Lane that looks almost exactly like me? Melanie? Lane? Melanie, Lanie, Lane. Get it? That was me!”
“No,” he whispered.
“Give me your hands, James. Take us back. Take us back and look at the pictures on the walls.”
James did as he was told.
#
“Oh my God,” he whispered. “You’re right.” He looked at her, his eyes wide.
“So, dumbass, if you marry me, apparently that’s how it is going to turn out. But did you see those pictures? The wedding? The trips? College? That’s us. Together. I’ve got to tell you, James, that life looked pretty nice to me. That’s exactly how I would like my life to end up some day. If you don’t like it, well, I guess I’m not the girl for you.”
James stared into Melanie’s, Lane’s emotion filled eyes and time stopped.
“Do you still want to marry me?”
“Yes. Yes I do. More than anything. Melanie, please marry me.”


Small Town / Big Dreams
By Cindy Bartolotta
©2014 by Cindy Bartolotta

Peering over a pair of glasses perched on the tip of her nose, the woman stared at the computer screen. Three whole paragraphs in an hour. It’s a good thing I’m not paid by the word. She was trying hard to work, really trying hard, but it wasn’t happening. Normally, the words flowed. Just not tonight. She glanced at the clock on the wall in her home office. I may as well pack it in. She looked up as an older woman tapped on her doorframe.
 “Excuse me, Jillian? More of your guests are arriving.”
Jillian DeRosa leaned forward and glanced out her office door as people walked by. “Thanks, Diana. I’m almost finished here. The words just aren’t coming. Will you—“
“Yes, I’ll let you know when Jay and Irving arrive.” Diana finished the sentence. “By the way, several more flower arrangements were just delivered, including a huge vase of yellow roses. Here are all the message cards. I jotted down what was sent by whom.”
“Thanks.” Jillian mumbled, setting the cards aside.
Nodding, the woman left the office.
Finding and hiring Diana McCoy was one of the luckiest days in her life. She was a godsend, the perfect personal assistant, anticipating Jillian’s every need. She was an expert proofreader and on the road to becoming a great editor, too.
Jillian glanced out the window. She loved the view from her Manhattan apartment. The setting sun made the west-facing windows of other buildings sparkle like diamonds. The apartment wasn’t grandiose by New York standards, but it was home. 
She looked back at her monitor. Giving up, she saved the doc and shut down. Her muses were way too excited to create. Jillian won the Antoinette Perry Award for Best Play at the Tony Award ceremony last night. Her small entourage celebrated at Salvatore’s after the show.
Tonight’s party was her agent’s idea. She wasn’t hosting dinner and it wasn’t anything exceptionally fancy. It was more of a networking get-together: just an assortment of wines and hors d’oeuvres for friends and new contacts—all there to enjoy and share her ‘moment.’ She stood and smoothed the short black cocktail dress. Checking her make-up in the mirror on the wall, she slid out of her slippers into a glittery pair of black heels sitting by the door.
On the way out, she glanced at an array of framed photos on the wall, photos from another time—another place. Her eyes stopped on an 8x10 of her and her best friend from a dress rehearsal years earlier. As she touched the frame, she whispered. “Thank you, Jake. Wish you could have been here to take the bow with me. Where did you go? Why didn’t you keep in touch?” 
~*~
Jillian expected a mob of people answering the ad for actors and actresses. Seeing no one in the hall of the Community Center, she heard muffled voices and followed paper signs leading to the gym. Peeking in the door, she did a quick survey. Besides three people sitting at a table, there was a small group off to the side that seemed to know each other and a few others sitting in random chairs along the wall. Nearby was an old upright piano.
She consulted the folded newspaper notice from the ‘What to do this summer’ section again. 
This must be it. Hmmm, those four over there look as nervous as I feel.
A woman at the table spotted Jillian at the door. She rose and gestured for her to enter.
She saw me. No turning back now. Jillian took a deep breath and walked in.
“Hi. I’m Vicki, Jake’s wife,” She thumbed to the young guy at the table. “Are you answering the ad?”
Jillian held up the newspaper. “Yes.”
“Fantastic. We need more bodies.” She laughed.
Is this for a murder mystery? The ad didn’t specify. “Bodies?”
Vicki chuckled. “Bodies… You know, more people.” She grabbed a paper from the table and led Jillian to the waiting area.
Jake stood and called out a name. “Steve Valentine?” One of the waiting men walked to the table.
 Vicki handed the sheet to Jillian. “Would you mind filling this out?”
“How detailed do you want it?”
Vicki looked at her. “Oh, girlfriend, this is small town theater. If you have that much experience, this may not be for you. We do this for fun.”
Jillian apologized. “Oh no,” she began, “it’s more the opposite.”
Vicki laughed again. “Then this is the place for you. When you’re finished, set it on the side of the table. We’ll call you when you’re up.”
 Jillian sat, dropping her backpack on the floor as she read over the questions. Name… address… phone… experience. She sighed, filling in the few blanks. Wonder if singing in the shower counts as experience? Shrugging, she walked the paper to the table. On her way back, she was intercepted by a young girl.
“Hi. I’m Sam.” She thrust her hand out. 
“Sam?” Jillian shook her hand. “Let me guess. Short for Samantha?”
“Nope. My mother named me Margaret, but Margaret is so boring and I don’t like the proper nicknames like Peg or Margie so I decided I wanted to call myself Sam. I fancy the name.”
“Okay. Sam it is.” 
The girl brightened. 
“I’m Jillian. Jillian DeRosa. Are you already part of this group Sam, or are you auditioning?”
“I’m already in the group. Actually Jake and Vicki and—“ she looked around. “And those two girls over there. They’re twins and their names are Terry and Alexis. We’re all neighbors and we live up on the hill above the river. That’s Molly over there and the redhead is Brian. We play act for fun. Jake is looking for some new people because Terry and Alexis’ older sister, Tammy, and my brother Bill, graduate from high school this year and will be going off to college and they’ll be so busy with their college life they won’t have time for us country folk anymore.”
She talked so fast, Jillian wasn’t sure she caught everything. “Are they in the group too?”
“Who?”
“Their older sister and your brother.”
“Oh yeah. Sometimes.”
Jillian laughed. She heard her name called and swallowed the chuckle.
“Don’t be nervous, Jillian. You’ll be a shoe-in. Come on.” Sam walked her over to the table. “Be nice to her, Jake.”
“Me?” he feigned shock. “I’m nice to everybody.”
Sam stifled a giggle. “He is nice.” She ran back over to the bleachers, leaving Jillian standing alone.
“Looks like Sam has given you her seal of approval. I’m Jake Hillard and this is my wife, Vicki. I’m the manager of this group as well as a director, choreographer, playwright, singer, dancer, actor, gopher, and anything else we need. Vicki is our costume designer, seamstress and piano player.”
“You don’t perform?” Jillian asked her.
“Nah. One ham in the family is more than enough.”
“Okay. Enough about me. Grab a seat and tell us all about you.”
Feeling more relaxed, Jillian pushed her glasses higher on her nose and began. “I’m Jillian DeRosa—“
He furrowed his brow as he glanced at her interview resume form. “DeRosa?”
“Yes. I’m cousin to the guy who owns the car dealerships. Everyone eventually gets around to asking that, so I get it out of the way up front.”
“That’s smart. Have you performed before?” 
Jillian began slowly, “do plays in grade school count? I still remember my lines from the Thanksgiving play.”
Jake chuckled. “It’s all experience. What else?”
“I taught myself to play the guitar.”
“Then you sing?”
She nodded. “I do. It’s funny, though… in grade school, I was one of about ten kids who didn’t make the school choir. We couldn’t carry a tune if our lives depended on it. But now, I do okay.” She pulled some battered sheet music from her backpack. “I brought this in case you wanted me to audition for a singing part.”
“We don’t really have any performances lined up. I only have a few more people to interview. Let me finish with them and I’ll explain exactly what we do. What about dancing?”
“I have three left feet.”
“I used to have four. I see here you write? That’s awesome. I write too. What have you penned?”
“A lot of poetry.”
He looked up. “Anything we could set to music? We’re always looking for original music.”
Jillian shrugged. “Don’t know. Never gave it any thought.” She stretched her neck, but couldn’t see what Jake wrote on the paper. “I also wrote a few short stories and tried my hand at a couple of plays.”
“Cool! We’ll definitely take a look at those. I see you’ll be a senior in high school this fall.”
She nodded. “Amen to that. My last year at Central.”  She looked at Jake and Vicki. They didn’t seem much older. “What about you two? High school? College?”
“We both graduated last May.”
Jillian pursed her brow. “I was a sophomore then, but I don’t remember seeing you around school.”
“We didn’t go to Central. We attended the Catholic school.” Vicki chimed in. “Do you have any other questions for us?”
Jillian shrugged. “Not yet. I’ll wait to see what you have to say after the rest of the interviews.” She watched him write something else on her paper. “So…?”
“Uh—so what?” He looked up.
“Am I in?”
“Of course. We’re taking everyone. We need bodies.”
That word again, bodies. Guess that’s all I’ll be—just another body. “Oh.”
“Don’t be disappointed. You have a lot to contribute to the group. I know you’ll be a big asset.”
Jillian shoved the sheet music in her backpack and relinquished the chair. Back at the bleachers, Sam looked up.
Jillian pointed both thumbs up.
“I knew it!” she beamed.
The last three interviews lasted a total of twenty minutes. Gesturing to the old members, Jake and Vicki followed the last actor back to the chairs. Vicki and the others sat, while Jake addressed them all, introducing the new members to the old.
“First, new old-business. We’re still able to rehearse here on Tuesday evenings for the nominal fee of ten dollars to cover electricity.”
Jillian raised her eyebrows—a gesture Jake caught.
“Don’t worry. No money comes from you guys. We earn it from our performances, donations, and the occasional bake sale. We’ll continue rehearsing on Tuesdays and perform on Saturdays. So far, we have the same line up as last year. I am working on drumming up some new contacts.” 
He consulted his clipboard. “Every second Saturday at three-o’clock, we perform for the Riverboat Rapids.” He explained for the newbies. “It’s a group of people who love boats and anything dealing with the river. And,” he added, “since they’re an older group, they like older music.” 
“Every third Saturday we are booked for the Chamber of Commerce. The same schedule for July, and August, but, since the fifth Saturday in August is a lead in for Labor Day weekend, I thought maybe a bake sale. They’re having sidewalk sales along First Avenue. The bank will let us set up there again in the front plaza.”
“Are we performing, too?” Sam asked.
Jake nodded. “Any questions?” He looked around, “No? Okay, it’s still early. How about an impromptu rehearsal?”
“Yeah!”
The original members ran to the side of the gym and lined up behind Jake. Vicki took her place at the piano and started playing. 
Hearing the song’s intro, everyone knew what was coming. Following Jake’s lead, they started belting out the Broadway staples.
Jillian laughed and clapped along with the other new members, and by the end of the evening, she and the others were right up there singing.
~*~
With the exception of Jake and Vicki, everyone was at least four years younger than Jillian. It made perfect sense that the three older people became fast friends. Vicki loved some of Jillian’s poetry and was able to compose music for them. The new songs became staples for the group. With Vicki on the piano, Jillian played her guitar alongside. Jake and the others sang harmony to Jillian.
Jake liked the plays she wrote. With some positive input from him, they were rewritten. Plans were to perform them the following summer.
During the interim months, the group performed their regular gigs. The new people’s varied talents added immensely and with that added input, the organizations upped their contribution. The extra money went to props and copying.
Before one rehearsal, Jillian approached Jake and Vicki with an idea. “I’ve been toying with this for a while. Since we perform at the same places every month, why don’t we write a soap opera?”
Jake’s eyes opened wide. “I love it! Do you have anything in mind?”
She pulled some papers from her back pack and slid them across the table. ‘I wrote about six episodes.”
Jake slid a couple over to Vicki.
The laughed as they read. Jake looked up. “Jillian, you have a flair for comedy. These are perfect.”
Jillian blushed. “Thanks. I know some of it’s corny. I was watching a DVD of some old variety shows. That’s where I got the idea. The sound effects are off time and everyone can overact, but I think the audience will love it.”
“I agree” Vicki concurred with her. “Do you have a name for it?”
Jillian nodded. “I wanted to pay tribute to the soap operas. I call it: The Young and Restless People with One Life to Live Who Search for a Guiding Light at the Edge of Another General Hospital.”
“That’s a little long, isn’t it?”
She nodded. “But after the first time, we go to a ‘commercial break’.” She made air quotes. “Then when we go back, the announcer can start saying the title, then says, “Oh, forget it”.”
“I like it.”
Sam led the others over to the table. They picked up a couple of episodes and started reading. Giggles led to side splitting laughter.
“Hey Alexis. There’s a set of twins in here,” Molly waved the paper. She looked around. “Who wrote this?”
Vicki and Jake pointed. “Jillian.”
“Awesome job.”
“I tried to write a character for everyone. We’re such a diverse group, I figured the cast should be also.”
“What’s it called?” Sam asked.
Jake slid a title page over. Sam started reading.
“The Young and Restless People With One Life to Live Who--.” She looked up. “Oh, Forget it.”
“See?” Jillian asked. “It’s perfect.”
Jake gathered the pages of Episode One. “I think we should start rehearsing this tonight.”
Jillian was shocked. “You’re not going to change anything?”
He shrugged. “I will if I need to. But right now…” he walked away waving the pages in the air. “I need to get copies.”
Jillian approached Vicki. “Can I talk to you for a minute?” She glanced over at the group. “Alone,” she whispered.
Vicki nodded. “It sounds serious.”
They headed out to the parking lot. “What’s wrong?” Vicki asked.
Jillian looked down, concentrating on a stone in the gravel. “I know I’m a newbie here, but I hope you don’t feel like I’m trying to take over.”
“What?”
Jillian looked up. “This is the perfect outlet for my creative streak. I know the group is yours and Jake’s. Give the word and I’ll cut back.” She shrugged. “I realize most of you go way back. I just don’t want to jump in the middle of anything.”
“You’re kidding me, right?”
“Why?” she shook her head in confusion.
“I knew Jake was creative, but I’m amazed at what you come up with. Your plays and your poetry—“
“You set them to music.”
Vicki shook her head. “That’s not what I mean.” She looked around. “I’m going to let you in on a little secret, but you gotta promise never to say anything to anyone about it.”
Jillian nodded.
“No. You gotta say it.”
“Okay, I promise never to say anything.”
Vicki took a deep breath. “I really hate all of this theater stuff.”
“But you’re such an integral part. Music. Costumes.”
“That’s only because I sew and I play the piano. I keep looking for a way to quit.”
“Why not just tell Jake the truth.”
Vicki sighed. “I’ve tried. His head is so full of plays and musicals, I don’t think he ever hears me. But now…”
“Now what?” Jillian squinted at her.
“You seem to share Jake’s love for the theater.”
“We all do. Well, except you… I… I don’t understand what you’re hinting at.”
She shook her head. “Nothing… Never mind. We’d better get back inside.” Vicki spun around, leaving a confused Jillian in the parking lot.
~*~
A month later at rehearsal, Jake bounced in with excitement. “Hey everyone. Gather around!” When everyone sat on the bleachers, he began. “Remember when I mentioned I was trying to get us some new venues to perform? Well one of them came through. It’s the County Arts Group and they meet the first Friday evening every month.”
Some of the group groaned. Sam looked around. “Jake, you know we have enough parent trouble getting them to let us out on Tuesday, a school night. But a second night?” she shook her head.
Jake held up his hands, “I know, I know. But it’s only one other night a month and it’s a Friday. I will personally call all your parents to explain. Is that okay?”
Everyone nodded.
“I do have one more thing to discuss with you. I won’t make any changes unless we all agree.”
“Sounds serious, Jake,” Marty said quietly.
“It is. Since we are starting new with the Arts group and our soap opera is a hit, I like the idea of a variety show. I want to call our monthly performance for the Arts Group The Jake and Jill Show.”
The only sound was a sharp intake of breath from Jillian. 
“Uh—someone say something. Anything?” Jake pleaded.
Jillian stood up and raised her hands in front of her, palms out. “I had nothing to do with this. I had no idea.” 
Sam mumbled, “Jake and Jill. Jake and Jill. Hmmm.” She looked around at the others. “Jake, this is a major decision. I think we need to discuss this. Why don’t you and Jillian step out for a minute?”
“Okay.” He answered slowly. Turning, he headed out.
Jillian marched out right behind him. As soon as he opened the door, she lashed out. “Why didn’t you warn me?” The door swung shut.
Sam turned to the group. “Jake and Jill. What do you say?” She thumbed up and thumbed down. One by one, all responded with a thumb up. “That’s what I figured, too.” She made it unanimous. 
Alexis jumped up. “I’ll go get them.” She ran across the room, but stopped at the door. She ran back. “They’re fighting.”
Sam sighed. “I’ll go.” She strode across the room and pushed the door open with her outstretched hand. It widely swung back and forth behind her.
Everyone else ran to the door to listen. Even through muffled voices, they could make out most of the argument.
“I can’t believe you two. After everything we’ve done together, how can you fight?” Sam landed into them.
“I don’t want anyone to think I was behind this.” Jillian defended herself. “It makes it seem like I’m going over everyone’s head.”
“No one thinks that, Jillian. Trust me. We all know how impetuous Jake is sometimes. Now hug and make up. We need to hear more about the new show and rehearse for Saturday.”
~*~
By the time spring arrived, the group settled back to normal. The argument over the name ‘Jake and Jill’ was long forgotten, but something else seemed to be brewing. Rehearsal routines shifted because Vicki missed several of them. Without a piano player, the group could only rehearse drama and comedy. By the time school was out, Vicki was gone.
Until Jake rounded up another piano player, the group used taped music. Rehearsals continued; shows continued, but the atmosphere lacked the levity it used to have. 
Jake refused to talk about it, but Jillian felt deep down, Vicki planned this for a long time. One evening after rehearsal, Jillian suggested they stop for coffee.
In a back booth, she coaxed Jake to talk.
“I knew she was unhappy for a while, but I never suspected it was this bad.”
“How bad?”
“She moved out and filed for divorce just before Christmas. What a gift, huh?” His shoulders slumped.
Jillian sighed. She knew in her heart when she made the promise to Vicki, it was the start of everything. She wanted to comfort her friend, but would not betray Vicki’s trust. “Did she give any reason? People don’t just stop loving someone.”
“She said something about irreconcilable differences.”
“What are you going to do?
He shrugged. “Sign the papers when they come in. I love her, but I’m not going to stand in the way of her happiness.”
Jillian sat back. “We would all understand if you disbanded the group.”
He looked up, eyes wide with surprise. “What? Disband the theater group? Are you kidding me? Never! The show goes on!” He raised his arm as if he held a sword. “The quest! Onward to glory we must go!” Without missing a beat, Jake whipped out a notebook. “I have some new ideas I want to bounce off you.”
~*~
The next few months sped by. Ricky, a neighbor of Jake’s became the new piano player. Rehearsals and performances continued with a new zeal. The whole troupe, with the exception of Jake and Ricky, concentrated on schoolwork. As the academic year drew to a close, Jillian was the most excited, finally leaving academia behind.
The week after graduation, Jillian’s family threw her a big party. All the relatives came and when the event was over, Jillian had amassed almost three-hundred dollars. But, the surprises weren’t over. There was still one more to come. Her mom handed her an envelope. 
“What’s this?”
“Open it,” Her mom urged.
She tore the envelope. Inside was a trip confirmation. Jillian looked up. “Is this for real? I’m going to New York City?”
Her dad answered. “We knew you always wanted to go. So we decided to surprise you. Jake suggested it. It’s not the best trip, but it covers the basics, including a Broadway show. Do you like it?”
“Not the best trip? Are you kidding me? It’s perfect. I can’t wait.”
Jake showed up a few hours later with a gift. As soon as she spotted him, Jillian ran and gave him a hug.
“Oh, Jake! Thank you so much for suggesting this trip to my folks. I know it’s with a tour group, but how did you convince them to let me go alone.”
“It was easy. You’re not going alone. I’m tagging along. This is the best deal possible. If you tried on your own to get everything that’s included, it would cost four times the price of this trip.”
“I am so excited, I can’t wait!”
“The trip is a month away, but maybe this will help curb your enthusiasm.” He handed her a wrapped gift.
She tore the wrapping off. It was the soundtrack from Grease.
“Wait until you see Grease. Jillian—this music is so awesome! I know you’ll learn every song, but you have to remember the first rule of the theater.”
“Which is?”
“Thou shall not sing aloud with the performers.”
~*~
Despite the excruciating long bus ride, Jillian could not sleep. She read, she wrote, but mostly, she leaned back and thought about the next adventure in her life.
New York City… Broadway…  Times Square… Central Park.
“You awake?” Jake whispered in her ear.
She nodded, but in the dimness of the bus, she doubted he could see. “Yeah. No way I could sleep.”
“Me neither. In about an hour, we’ll be turning south. I’ll let you know when to look. We’ll still be In Jersey, but going parallel to Manhattan. You can’t see a lot, just the uppermost skyline, but The Empire State Building towers above everything else. That’s when it will hit you--that across the river is New York City. A few minutes later, the twin towers of the World Trade Center will appear. I never tire of seeing them. It still gives me goose bumps and butterflies.”
“What are we going to do first? I want to see as much as possible.”
“Don’t worry. I’ve been on these trips before. As long as you show up for the scheduled events, the rest of the time is yours. If you choose not attend, as long as you let the director know, she won’t worry and send the marines out after you. Want some advice?”
“Sure.”
“Try to rest. Sleep if you can. We’ll be doing a shit-load of walking. I’ll wake you in time to see the skyline.”
Jillian leaned back. “I’ll try.” She closed her eyes, but visions of the City danced in her head. I don’t see me napping anytime soon. She shifted her head into a more comfortable position, but that didn’t help much. 
“Jillian.” Jake nudged her.  “Jillian.”
“Huh? What? We there?”
“Almost. Look.” He pointed.  “I didn’t want to wake you, but…”
She looked out the window. “Is that The Empire State Building?”
He nodded.
“OhmyGod! OhmyGod.” She looked around the bus. “How can they all sleep? That’s New York City over there!” She wanted to shake everyone awake.
He smiled.  “I was mapping out a plan of attack.” He handed her his notebook. “Our hotel is centrally located. It’s ideal to hit almost everything. What do you think? Did I miss anything?”
She read it over. “Looks like you have half of the City written on here.”
He nudged her again. “Look,” he pointed. “The World Trade Center. It won’t be much longer before we turn and head into the tunnel.”
~*~
With their luggage stashed in their hotel rooms, Jillian and Jake set out on their great adventure. Jake was excited, but he was more excited watching Jillian’s reaction to everything. Her senses went into overload with the sounds, sights, and smells of the greatest city on earth.  
The morning hours went fast. They headed south, walking down Seventh Avenue, zig-zagging east and west below Macy’s at Thirty-Fourth Street to the Empire State Building. Tired, yet brimming with energy, they caught an uptown bus. Grabbing a couple slices of pepperoni pizza and an Orange Julius, they went back to their hotel to eat before changing for the matinee.
Less than an hour later, as they headed down Seventh Avenue, Jillian observed the people. “I expected the theater-goers to be dressed a little better.”
“People used to dress better.” He shrugged. “Times have changed. The dress code has turned more casual, more relaxed. I remember years ago. No one sported jeans or shorts. Women wore dresses and men wore suits. Look,” he pointed. “There’s the St. James. That’s where we’re going. Look at those posters. I would love to have some of those on my wall at home!”
She glanced at them. “Let’s look at them after the show. In fact, I want to look at all of the theaters,” she widely gestured around her. “But right now, I want to go inside and get to our seats!”
For balcony seats, the view was good. Some of the people from their tour were already there, with more coming in. Small talk aside, the two friends poured through the Playbill for cast info and song list.
 Jillian pulled out a few pieces of candy from her pocket. “Want some butterscotch?”
Jake laughed.
“What’s so funny?”
“Second rule of the theater. Thou shall not unwrap noisy cellophane covered candy during the performance.”
Ten minutes later, the house lights dimmed and the energy packed musical began. Then, and it seemed like minutes to Jillian, the house lights came up for intermission.
“Well?” Jake leaned over. “What do you think?”
“Un-freaking-believable! The energy… the dancing… the music. Even professional shows we see back home pale in comparison to this.”
“I knew you’d like it.”
“It makes me want to write a musical.”
Jake laughed. “I know. New York always does that to me. I always feel so rejuvenated. That’s why I try to visit here a couple times a year. When my creative juices start to ebb, I come here for a refill.”
“What are we doing after the show?”
“We need to get something to eat. Later, I figured we could just stroll around the area here. How does Chinese sound? I know a little place. You could call it a hole in the wall. Not much to look at, but the food is good and inexpensive.”
“That works. Besides, I have some new ideas.” Just then, the lights dimmed for the second act. “Later,” she whispered.
~*~
After a dinner of beef and broccoli and sweet and sour chicken, the two friends strolled around the theater district absorbing the atmosphere.  Jillian bought some postcards and T-shirts to take back home. 	
A few hours later, Jillian threw up her hands in defeat. She leaned over, hands on her knees. “Stop, stop. I can’t walk anymore.”
Jake laughed, taking her shopping bag. “I’m impressed you lasted this long. Tell you what. Let’s stop at that bakery around the corner from the hotel and get some cheesecake, grab an Orange Julius, and head in. We can talk over your ideas and if you get your second wind, we can always go back out.”
Jillian nodded.
Armed with the dessert and drinks, they head to Jillian’s room. With the AC on low, she and Jake sprawled across the bed brainstorming. Jake liked Jillian’s new ideas and expanded on them.
Unfortunately, even the best plans have flaws. The fresh air and exercise, coupled with the rich dessert and cool air in the room, the friends fell fast asleep amid the notebooks and crumpled pages.
Jillian, rolling over, awoke with a start, yelping as she grabbed at the covers. Jake opened his eyes just in time to see her disappear off the side of the bed. He sat up laughing, offering his hand.
Sheepishly, Jillian stood, but seeing the bed covers in total disarray, started giggling. “What time is it?” she asked. 
Jake looked at his watch. “Almost midnight.” He stretched. “Want to go out?”
She looked at him. “Now?”
He shrugged. “Sure. Why not? It’s New York City. The night life is just beginning.”
“No. I don’t think so. I’m really wiped out.” She looked at the open notebooks. “Did we accomplish anything?”
“Yeah. A lot. You came up with some awesome ideas. Some will work for the group, but you had a couple ideas I would consider turning into two-act plays. I think we could do it.”
“Really?”
“Jillian, do you know how brilliant your writing is?”
She reddened. “Brilliant?” she shook her head. “No, I don’t write that well.”
“You do. Believe me. If I had that talent…”
“You do have talent Jake. You sing and dance. You kept the group going. You came up with all the skits we used when I joined up. And now we collaborate.”
“Yeah, we do. So, do you want to go out?”
She shook her head. “I’m too tired. Besides, we have Central Park to conquer tomorrow.”
“Okay, but I think I’m going out for a bit. It’s a shame to sleep when you’re in the City. I’ll see you in the morning. “ He gathered his notebook and headed to his room.
Jillian locked the door behind him. Tossing out the discarded crumbled pages, she piled up her notebook and straightened the covers. Taking a quick shower, she sat on the bed mulling over Jake’s comments to her.
Am I really that talented? Is Jake right or is he just joking with me? She shook her head, punched the pillow into a puffy blob and fell fast asleep.
The next morning, after a breakfast of bagels piled high with cream cheese, the best friends headed up Fifth Avenue, past the Plaza Hotel and the statue of General Sherman, into the park. 
Jillian was amazed at the transformation from city to country.
“The park is awesome. I love it here.” They walked off the main road to the pedestrian paths circling around the pond to Wollman Rink. “Over there,” he pointed east, “though you can’t really see it, is the zoo.”
“Really? With animals?”
He laughed. “You need animals for a zoo.”
“Duh,” she shrugged. “Lead on, McDuff. Where to now?”
“Heckscher’s Playground, then up to the carousal.” 
After checking out both sites, they continued north up The Mall, eventually reaching Bethesda Fountain.
“This is so beautiful. I love it here.”
He nodded. “So do I. I want to move here.”
“So would I, someday,” Jillian agreed. 
“Come on. There’s so much more to see.” He took her hand and they ran up the path past the Boat House and The Ramble towards Belvedere Castle. From there, Jake showed her Delacorte Theater. “This is where they do Shakespeare in the Park.” Then, heading east, they hit Cleopatra’s Needle.
Jillian stood at the base of the obelisk and looked at Jake. “This is really from Egypt?”
He nodded.
She walked around the tall stone block several times, finally reaching out to touch it. “Awesome.” She glanced around. What’s that building over there?”
“The Met.”
“It’s actually right in the park?” She looked around. “What cross street are we at?”
“Um, Eightieth or so, give or take a block.”
“And we came in at Fifty Seventh. What’s beyond here?”
“Once you pass Eighty Sixth Street, you’ll hit the reservoir, North Meadow, another lake, then the north end of the park—One Hundred and Tenth Street.”
“Isn’t there’s a movie called--.”
“Yep. Across 110th Street.”
“And there’s more?”
“Not Central Park, but plenty more of Manhattan. Harlem… um Cathedral of St John. Oh, there’s a really cool place called The Cloisters. Next trip, we’ll go there.” He looked at his watch. “Are you packed?”
“Yes.”
“Good. We have more time to play. Let’s head south.” 
Together, the friends found a huge outcropping of basalt and climbed to the top. 
“Do you have your notebook?” he pointed his chin at her bag.
“Of course.” She pulled it out.
“I have a couple more ideas. 
“Okay, Kemo Sabe. Shoot.” They sat on the smooth rock for several hours. As Jake dictated, Jillian wrote and together, they plotted out a new play.
Scribbling the last of the notes, Jillian looked at her watch. “What time is the dinner?”
“Two o’clock, but we need to get our luggage out of our rooms by noon. We gotta go.”
They climbed down from their perch, reluctantly heading back to the hotel.
They departed for home right after dinner. The bus was initially noisy, with all the passengers chatting about their weekend. Eventually, the motion of the bus lulled people asleep. Even Jake had his eyes closed. Jillian pulled out her notebook and started embellishing one of their plays.
~*~
The two friends spent the summer writing on two fronts: the new skits they came up with on their trip to New York for the group and their plays. The theater group and their committed performances were honored, but as summer turned into fall then winter, serious work was done on the plays.  Come spring, two plays were finished.
Over burgers and fries in their booth, at the local diner the friends worked on the logistics to perform one of the plays over the summer.
“I think you should direct it, Jillian. You’d be perfect. You have the talent and the vision to do it.”
Pursing her lips, she nodded slowly. “I know I can. And I see you in the lead.”
“I do want that part. It’s perfect.”
“You realize, Jake, it’s going to be a lot of work.”
“I thought about that.” He pulled out two copies of the play and handed her a copy. Flipping through the pages of a marked copy, he outlined what he had in mind.
Between the two of them, they set up a rehearsal schedule and set up plans for auditions and set design.
~*~
Having to keep to the schedule, rehearsals were grueling. Under ideal conditions, summers are hard enough with vacations, camp, and other activities. It’s even harder when the director and the lead actor are working, too. Jillian found a job that was too good to pass up. Luckily, it was part time. 
Despite progress on the production, she felt something was brewing. 
Jillian cornered Jake after a particularly hard rehearsal. Everyone but Sam had gone.
“What’s with the attitude? I want the scene blocked that way.”
He shrugged and turned away. 
She grabbed his arm and spun him around. “Don’t walk away from me.”
“Leave me alone, Jillian.”
Sam, putting away the props, spotted them fighting and ran over. “Hey—cut it out. You both need to chill.”
“Good idea.” Jake stomped out. A minute later, they heard his car burn rubber on the concrete parking lot. 
“Jake?” Sam’s words fell on deaf ears. She looked at her friend.
Jillian put her arm around Sam’s shoulders. “Don’t worry kiddo. I’ll run you home.” 
The two rode in silence.  Jillian stole several glances at Sam, but getting no reaction from the younger girl, Jillian turned her attention back to the road.
“Jake’s unhappy,” Sam blurted out.
“Okay… but it’s not good to keep it bottled up.”
“He doesn’t want to talk about it.”
“I meant you. Do you know what’s bugging him?” She stole another glance at the girl. “Sam—you do know, don’t you?”
“I don’t know for sure…”
Yes you do. “How does a milkshake sound? My treat,” Jillian added.
Sam pursed her lips. “You don’t play fair. That’s bribery. Can I have a piece of pie, too?” Sam asked slowly.
Jillian laughed. “It must be a biggie. Sure, I’ll toss in a piece of pie.” Jillian pulled into the parking lot.
As soon as the waitress was out of earshot, Jillian began. “So you’re saying he gets like this periodically?”
Sam nodded, slurping a gulp of milkshake. “Yep,” then volunteered, “Every time he comes back from New York City. Though the last time was when he and Vicki separated.”
“So you’re saying his attitude this time from the divorce?”
“No, not this time.”
Getting information from Sam is like pulling teeth. “Do you know why?”
“I think he wants to move.” Sam looked up, tears welling in the corner of her eyes. “I don’t want him to move, Jillian. That’s why I didn’t say anything.”
Jillian smiled at the young girl’s loyalty. “Truth be told, Sam. I don’t want him to move either. I feed off his creativity. Jake has triggered my deep interest in writing and in the theater. Our group has provided the perfect outlet for my plays and skits; even the poems that Vicki set to music. I couldn’t have done any of this without Jake. I’m afraid if he’s gone, my creativity will dry up.”
Eyes wide, Sam whispered, “Do you know what I’m afraid of Jillian? That we’ll never see him again and the group will fold up.”
Me too. Jillian sighed. “Guess we’ll have to wait and see.”
~*~
They didn’t have long to wait. Jake dropped the bombshell at the start of the next rehearsal.
He stood in front of the group. “I want to apologize for my behavior last week. I have some news.” He shrugged, “It could be good or bad, depending on how you look at it.”
Jillian wanted to shake it out of him, but Jake continued in his lackadaisical manner.
“I’m going to be moving--”
Everyone started talking at once, but he held up his hand to stop them. 
“Look, I’ll answer all your questions. Just let me finish. Okay?” He looked around as his friends nodded. “Thanks. As you all know, I love New York City. When I went a few months ago with Jillian, I knew then that I had to make a change. I contacted a few agencies to find me a small apartment. I have no idea how soon it will happen, but I’d like to continue with the rehearsals until I hear something.”
“What about money?” Jillian asked.
“I have a line on a job with a company from here that has an office in the City.”
She wanted more information, but chewed on her lip instead.
After he answered everyone’s questions, it was back to business. The rehearsal went on, but it lacked some of its initial zeal.
After dropping Sam at her home, Jillian followed Jake to the diner.
Over coffee, he apologized to her. “I’m sorry about last week. It was just that I needed to make a decision that’s been eating at me for a long time.”
“Jake, I know I’m a newbie, but why did Sam know and not me?”
“You’re not a newbie, Jillian.” He sipped his coffee. “Sam knew?”
Jillian nodded. “She doesn’t miss much.” Seeing the expression on his face, she added, “You mean you didn’t tell her?”
“Nope. But you’re right. Sam is very intuitive. Now I have a question for you.”
Jillian felt her stomach churn. “What?” she asked slowly.
“You said you loved New York City, right?”
“I do. But Jake, if you’re asking me to move to New York, I can’t.”
He sighed. “Well then, there’s no reason to spell out my plans. I didn’t think you would want to move, but I sort of hoped you’d hear me out.”
“That I can do.”
The next hour, Jake mesmerized Jillian with his big plans. 
“As soon as I get word about an apartment, I’ll contact the company here about a job. Then when I get settled, I’ll look for an agent and start going to auditions. Everyone in the City does that. Jillian, I always wanted to be on Broadway.” He shook his head, “If I don’t go now…”
“Jake, if you want my blessings, you have them. I think I’m a little jealous though, that you can just pick up and go.” She shrugged. “But I can’t. As much as I love New York and writing and the theater and all the razzle-dazzle, I have to think about my future. I owe you big time. You opened up my eyes to what I can do. You encouraged my writing.” She took a deep breath. “I have an announcement, too. I applied to college. I start in the fall.”
“Awesome, Jillian. Since we’re sharing secrets, I have another one for you. College? I’ve always been afraid to do that.”
“You’re kidding? You have a raw talent. Do you have any idea how far you could go with a formal education?” Her hand flew and covered her mouth. “Oops. I didn’t mean that. I meant—“
Jake chuckled. “I understand. I am a ‘fly by the seat of your pants’ kind of guy. But…” He shook his head. “I did well enough in high school, but I hated it. I detested school. I couldn’t wait to graduate. I admire people with the guts to go to college.”
She sat back. “Wow. I would have never guessed.”
Jake leaned forward. “So I guess until I hear something from the agencies, it’ll be business as usual for us.”
True to his word, it was.
The rehearsal schedule ended, the set built, and tickets sold. Even though she wasn’t in the play, Jillian was just as nervous as the cast. Before the dress rehearsal, Jake gathered everyone together.
“I am so proud of all of you. All the skits and all the songs we’ve done over the years were just a prelude to this play. This will be our shining moment. And we have Jillian’s great talent to thank. As we go through our final dress rehearsal today, I just want to say, break-a-leg.”
Everyone took their places. The lights dimmed; the curtain parted. The small audience previewing the performance leaned forward, hanging onto every word. Jillian sat in the back following the action, making notes on a pad.
Two hours later, the curtain closed and the lights came up. The curtain re-opened and the cast took their bows. The place exploded with applause. Then the spotlight turned onto Jillian. Everyone in the room turned to her and clapped. She turned red, but nodded her appreciation.
It didn’t take long for the cast to change clothes and head out front. After everyone left, Jillian called the cast together for a final prep talk.
“You all did a fantastic job tonight. I made a few notes for you--just a couple of things I thought could improve the play.” She handed them out.  “I am so proud of you. Make sure you get a good night’s sleep.”
The next evening, half an hour before the play was scheduled to start, Jillian peeked through the curtain. She was shocked. There’s not an empty seat in the house. There are even people standing in the back. We’ve never had this many people at any of our shows. She stepped back, letting the curtain drift close. 
 After a few final words, she took her place in the audience and the curtain opened. There wasn’t a peep. Everyone was engrossed in the action. When the lights came up at the end of Act I, no one moved. They were glued to their seats. Halfway through the second act, she glanced around. They were leaning forward caught up in the play again.
They like it. She permitted herself to smile.
And then it was over.
The lights came up. People jumped to their feet and thunderous applause filled the makeshift theater. They waved and whistled and the cast drank it in. Then someone chanted “Jillian… Jillian.” In a minute, the entire audience echoed, “Jillian… Jillian.”
Jake went down the steps and pulled Jillian to the stage. 
She faced the audience as they gave her a standing ovation. Blushing, she bowed, feeling a warm glow encircle her. She turned as someone tapped her on her shoulder. The cast gathered around as Jake handed her a bouquet of yellow roses. After another bow, they headed to change clothes, leaving Jillian alone on the stage.
She hugged the yellow roses, her favorite flower in the world, then looked out at the emptying room. This feels so right. I can see me doing this full time.
Clutching her flowers, she slowly walked down the three steps to floor level. Members of the audience surrounded her, offering her congratulations. One by one, they left. Then, an older man sporting a bowtie, approached her.
“Ms. DeRosa, my name is Doctor James Stevens. I understand you’ll be attending our college in the fall.”
“You’re head of the theater department, aren’t you?” she asked, unable to hide the surprise in her voice.
“That’s correct. I received a personal invitation to see your play. I must say I was quite impressed. If this is an indication of your work, I expect you’ll be quite an asset to our department as you seek your education.”
“I’m flattered you attended. Thank you for your kind words.”
“I look forward to having you in my class.” He nodded once and left her alone as members of the cast joined her. 
After locking up the building for the night, the group headed to the local diner for their cast party. Over a meal of pasta, salad and garlic bread, with cake for dessert, they chatted about their unforgettable evening.  Jillian, though, noticed Jake was a little preoccupied. 
Then it hit her. He got word about an apartment. He’s leaving. I bet he’ll tell us tonight.
Again, she was right. By the end of the week, Jake would be gone.
Tuesday’s rehearsal was somber. After the party, Jake officially passed the group to Jillian, but she knew her time would be limited. She had to break the news to her friends that she was disbanding the group. There was no way she could keep the group running alone.
Unfortunately, the news did not go over well. She was met with protests. Her friends begged and pleaded, but she couldn’t give in.
“Please understand. I don’t know how much of my free time college will take up. I want to keep this going, but I need to put it on hold for at least a semester or two.”
~*~
College was more intense than Jillian ever imagined, but she relished the challenge. The more she learned, the more she wrote: papers, stories, poems, and plays. She became the darling of the entire theater department. 
As a freshman, she learned the basics. In her sophomore year, Doctor Stevens selected one of Jillian’s plays as part of the spring series. She was overjoyed. Despite Jake’s praise, she always had nagging doubts about her talent, but Doctor Stevens’ decision validated her writing skills. She couldn’t wait to share the news with Jake. After all, he was the one who pushed her beyond her comfort level.
However, in the year he was gone, his contact with his friends grew less and less. There used to be weekly letters; then monthly; then less than that. Jillian’s last letter was returned, but this latest one had a bright yellow Post Office sticker that yelled ‘return to sender; no such address’.  
Sadly, Jillian tossed the letter in the trash. She had to face the fact her that best friend was gone.
With the semesters speeding by, Jillian never pulled the group back together. Instead, she concentrated on her education. Her plays were selected three years in a row to kick off the spring series. Each year, her professors encouraged her to enter an original play in New York City’s City Theater New Playwriting Contest. The judges chose six plays each season to showcase unknown writers. There was no monetary prize for the winners, but the selected plays were read by a Broadway production team who could option to produce them.
Jillian declined to enter a play in her junior year, but changed her mind in her senior year. She and the entire theater department were on pins and needles for the two months after the close of the contest. She tried to concentrate on her studies, but the waiting was horrible. Jillian never wanted anything as much as she wanted to win this contest. 
Before heading to class, Jillian glanced at her wall calendar. It was the twenty-first. She sighed, locking the door behind her. It’s past the announcement date. Guess my play wasn’t up to snuff. I don’t know if I want to—
“Wait up, girlfriend,” another student grabbed Jillian’s shoulder. “Turn the volume down.”
“Huh? Oh, hi Cassie. What volume?”
“I’ve been yelling for you. You hooked into some rad music?”
Jillian shook her head. “Nah, I was just thinking.” She looked at her friend. “Did you want something?”
“Oh yeah. Doc Stevens wants you in his office ASAP.”
“For what?”
Sam shrugged. “No idea.”
“Okay—I’ll head there now. Will you let Professor Marcus know I’ll be a few minutes late.” 
Jillian turned and jogged to the Fine Arts building. Doctor Stevens’ office was on the second floor. When she came around the corner, she saw his door was open. He was at his desk. She tapped on the frame. He motioned her in, gesturing to a chair--the only empty spot in the cramped office.
“This came in the mail today.” He handed her an envelope.
She looked at the return address: City Theater.
“Go ahead and open it,” he urged. “That’s your name on it.”
She tore the flap and pulled out the paper, scanning the writing. She handed the letter to Stevens. "My play… won,” she said calmly. Then with more enthusiasm, “They accepted my play! It won. They’re going to do my play. Someone from Broadway will read it.” She had tears running down her cheeks.
“Tears of joy?”
She shook her head. “Tears for a friend who disappeared. He encouraged me to write.”
“I am so proud of you. I’ve never had a student win the City Theater contest before. I’m thinking I can talk the dean into sponsoring a road trip.”
She cocked her head. “To--?”
“New York City, of course. We must see your play performed.”
“Sir, I don’t know if my budget will—“
“Poppycock. Don’t worry. We’ll come up with something.”
“Thank you, sir.” She looked at the clock on the wall. 
“I know. You have to get to class.”
~*~
The play was scheduled for late June. Even though Jillian graduated summa cum laude in May, Doctor Stevens, true to his word, organized the trip to the City. Three professors and six students packed in a University van for the three-day/two-night trip. Stevens arranged it so her expenses were covered and the other students’ costs were minimal.
While the others had plenty of free time, Jillian’s schedule left little for her. She had meetings with board members of The City Theater and sit-ins with the cast’s final rehearsals. And, in an unprecedented move, she was not only meeting with Jay Morrissey, a renowned Broadway agent who was anxious to represent her, but several Broadway representatives including producer, Irving Birchwood. 
They sat around a table in a small conference room in Birchwood’s office suite. 
“I plan to produce your play off-Broadway,” Irving proclaimed to Jillian and Doctor Stevens.
“Without seeing it performed?” Stevens questioned. “I thought that prize went to the winning play of the season.”
He looked at Jillian. “The committee read the plays. In my opinion, Ms. DeRosa, you wrote the winning play. You have a way with words. A rare gift that makes them sing!” He gestured. “I know quality writing when I read it. Besides,” He shrugged, “why should I wait and let others sniff at the bone. I’ll be in front and they can sniff at my ass.”” Chuckling, he rubbed his hands together. “They’ll be soooo jealous.”
She squinted. “We are talking about my play, Love’s Deadly Sin, right?”
“Of course.” He set his leather briefcase on the table and removed a contract. Paper-clipped to it was a fully filled in, hand written check. “And to show how serious I am, this should prove it!” He handed it across the table to Jay. “This isn’t the way we usually do business, but I know you only have a few days in the city.”
Jay took the proffered contract but didn’t open it. He looked at Jillian. “Before I look this over, I want you to know I’m here on Irving’s recommendation. He knows winning plays and if he’s endorsing you this strongly, I’d be a fool not to jump on the bandwagon. I want to sign you and represent you as your agent, at the standard commission rate, of course.”
Throwing up her hands, Jillian looked at Doctor Stevens. “I don’t know what to do. I--”
He held up a hand to stop her. “Do you have a contract for Ms. DeRosa, Mr. Morrissey?”
“I do.” He handed the folded papers to Stevens.
Her professor looked through the contract. “My advice, Jillian, would be to sign.” 
“Thank you, Doctor Stevens. Anyone have a pen?”
Once Jillian signed Jay as her agent, he looked over the contract from Irving.
“Well?” Irving asked, impatiently.
“More than satisfactory,” Jay answered.
Doctor Stevens reached out. “May I?” he took the contract.
Jillian looked back and forth at the men. “What exactly am I being contracted for?”
“Two more plays within two years,” Stevens explained to her, “along with progress meetings once a month.”
“But I have Grad School. And I don’t have money to bus to and from New York City that often.”
“Bus?” Irving was taken aback. “Bus?” he repeated.
“Yes, bus. Flying costs too much.”
“Then you simply move to the City!” Irving proclaimed as a solution.
She snorted, “On what? Work study wages?” Shaking her head, “Maybe this was wrong.” She stood up.
“Jillian, would you mind waiting outside?” Doctor Stevens pointed with his chin at the door.
She nodded and left. Through the closed door, she could hear muffled arguing.
Holy mackerel, I never expected this. She shrugged. Those guys are actually fighting over my play.  My play on Broadway… well off-Broadway, but in New York. I never imagined. I—
The door opened. “Jillian?”
When she sat, Stevens addressed her. “I believe we have come to a satisfactory conclusion in your best interest.”
Jay nodded. “Irving has agreed to make the following changes in the contract.” He slid the check across the table to her. 
Her eyes opened wide at the amount.
“That retainer will remain the same, but added to the compensation will be: admission to New York University for Grad School and a stipend to cover living expenses, including rent.”
“But I’ll need a job. How will I find an apartment? When will I--”
Irving waved his hand, brushing her concerns away. “Pshaw, Ms. DeRosa. I already have my people working on it as we speak.”
Jillian turned to her mentor. “Doctor Stevens, what do you think?”
He took a deep breath. “My dear, you should take this offer. You belong here. You are destined for success as a playwright. You have outgrown our humble university. The universe is now yours for the taking.”
She turned to Jay. “Your opinion?”
“I agree with your professor one-hundred percent. This is a sweet deal.”
“I am overwhelmed by all of this. You have no idea.”
“My dear. You just keep writing plays like this and I foresee a profitable partnership.”
Jillian nodded. “Jay, can I borrow your pen again?”
~*~
That summer, she moved into a small, third-floor walk-up, one-room sub-let apartment in southern Manhattan.  While the view from the only window was a brick wall, it did open onto a fire escape from a tiny balcony. The entire apartment was white paint over red brick and had industrial piping attached to the ceiling that entered and disappeared through the opposite walls. With some stuff she brought with her, she made it feel like home. It was clean and cozy. And it was hers.
When she went to register for her classes at NYU, she discovered she had a full scholarship. Being able to stretch her classes out, she started working on a new play. Jillian was determined to meet her contractual obligations before the deadline.
Unfortunately, her muses were quiet; so quiet, in fact, she thought they went back home. She tried to write, but the words refused to come. Hours turned into days, which turned into weeks. She stared at the blinking cursor on her laptop.
This is not good. I have a progress meeting next week and I have absolutely nothing to show for it. God, I miss home. I could write anything there. But here…  She went out and sat on the fire escape. I am living in New York City and I can’t find a drop of inspiration! What is wrong with me?
Grabbing her wallet and a pad, she headed to the corner café hoping for a germ of an idea.
Nothing developed.
With classes starting in a week, Jillian decided to put the writing on the back burner. I’ll have homework anyway, she justified. She grabbed her old MP-3 player and headed uptown to her meeting with Irving. Walking the thirty or so blocks instead of catching a bus, Jillian kept looking around for something… anything. Standing on the corner of Thirty-Eighth and Avenue of the Americas waiting for the light to change, the MP-3 player shifted to earlier music she taped—recordings of the poems Vicki set to music.
Jillian stood there, frozen to the spot, listening to her words—her songs. The haunting lyrics triggered in her mind. All at once, all at the same time, the voices started talking. 
Not wanting to waste another minute, she hopped the uptown bus. Irving was in between meetings, but since there was nothing in the way of an update, he agreed to postpone the meeting until after classes got underway. She did ask one question. 
“Mr. Birchwood. Hypothetically speaking, how would you feel about a musical?”
When his eyes lit up, she knew.
Jillian couldn’t wait to get back home. As soon as the laptop booted, she started. The words flowed. The plot developed and danced in her head. Everything was based on the story in the old poems.
She worked through the day and all night. By daybreak, a rudimentary musical was finished. Oh, it needed cleaned up, but it was there. Now she needed someone to write the music.
By the end of the first month of classes, Jillian had a bunch of new friends. She approached them with her problem of needing a composer. They supplied her with a few names. The referrals were all people her friends knew and could vouch for their skills. Finding out their music styles, she narrowed the list down to two fellow students. One was busy, but the other was not only free, but very interested. 
They agreed to meet. Turned out Boone Williams lived in her neighborhood. Jillian was truthful with him, explaining she was under contract for the musical. She couldn’t guarantee anything in the way of compensation for him, but when he heard the first poem, he was hooked.
Jillian met with Irving and Jay two times before Christmas, and by year-end she had a finished product.
With the rebirth of her muses and having completed the musical in less than six months, churning out the second play was a piece of cake. By the end of her third year in the city, Jillian earned her Master’s degree and completed not one but two plays in addition to the musical. She found a bigger apartment in a building with an elevator and finally settled into a career she enjoyed.
Jay continued as her agent and her partnership with Irving Birchwood continued to blossom. She became the darling of Broadway. Her plays and musicals were hot properties. Over the years, she was nominated four times for a Tony, but this was the first time she won the award. 
Jillian wrote her acceptance speech years earlier but finally had a chance to share it with the world. Live, with cameras on her, she delivered her thanks to Irving, Jay and all the others responsible for her success, but ended with one more personal note. Looking directly into the camera, Jillian said, “Thank you Jake. I’m so glad you pushed me in right direction. My life would have sucked had I not listened to you. Wherever you are, my friend, I am forever grateful.”

Just a Letter
By Bree Vanderland
©2014 by Bree Vanderland
Dear Carina,
You’re my younger sister and there’s so much I want to say to you. You’re beautiful. You’re amazing AND you deserve so much out of life. You can be anything you want to be and do anything you set your mind to! At eight years old, I know the world looks big and maybe a little intimidating, but take a deep breath. 
I remember everything from the time you were brought home to the last second I saw you. I remember how little you were and man you had a set of lungs.I remember holding you and feeding you for the first time as well.
As my sister, we’re bound to have many arguments, but you mean a lot to me. I’ve taken care of you for a while and a part of me sees you as my own daughter. You’re always there to make me laugh when I’m down, even though you don’t know it. You do the silliest things that I just can’t help but want to see more of. I want to protect you even though I know I can’t protect you from everything in the world. 
No matter what, know that you can do anything. Know that I love you and that I can’t do any of this without you. You’re my world and no one will ever be able to replace you. 

Your Loving Sister,
Bree 

Moments
By Amanda Alberson
©2014 by Amanda Alberson

“Ewwwww heck no I won’t kiss you!”
“And why not?”
“Cuz, girls are gross and kissin’s for moms and dads.”
“Nuh uh my cousin Jodie kisses boys all the time.” 
She puckered her lips and moved towards me again.
“So help me, I’ll…I’ll punch you!” I said raising my fists.
“You can’t.” She said, kicking one hip out as she crossed her arms over her chest. She was wearing that cocky grin that irritated me more than anything. Mostly because it meant she was right.
“Why can’t I?” 
“Cuz, I’m a girl you idiot.” 
My small fists lowered helplessly to my sides.
 Dang it, she was right, as always.
“Whatever, South Dakota. Keep your girl cooties to yourself.” 
I jumped from the porch and bolted towards the tree house ladder. 
She yelled behind me as she struggled to kick off her flip flops and chase me.
 “You get back here Paxton Archibald.” 
I was already pulling the rope ladder up into the tree house as she clambered over the pasture fence. I have no clue when Dakota changed from the weird kid I stay with after school, into the insane kissing monster, but I knew I didn’t like it.
Dakota was the only friend I’d made since my grandmother moved us out to ‘the sticks’. It was obvious from day one that a skinny, nerdy kid from the city didn’t belong in the rural farm land of Kansas. I would never be a ‘corn-fed country boy’, whatever that meant. I ate corn all the time so I’m not sure what qualifies someone as ‘corn-fed’. Being a petite boy, who according to Grandma was “fragile as sugar glass” made me easy to ignore.
Dakota didn’t ignore me so much as almost kill me the first time I met her. The Lawrence family farm sat just beyond the back fence of the small acreage and house Grandma bought. I caught her swimming in our pond just days after we’d moved in. When I threatened to tell on her, she’d punched me in the stomach so hard I had an asthma attack. She dragged my wheezing body across the field muttering the same threats and candied promises she offered me now from below the tree house. 
My head bounced off every step of our porch as she hauled my quickly failing body up to the door. Dropping me by the wayside as she pounded on the screen door.
“Hey, I think I broke your kid!” she hollered. 
Grandma never let me live that one down. 
When the yelling below slowed and became an irritated mutter I dropped the ladder back down. As Dakota’s freckled, sweaty face popped through the opening in the floor, she huffed her stringy brown hair out of her eyes, searching the small room for Paxton. 
“You quit?” I asked from the far corner. 
“Yeah I quit. But one day Paxton you’re gonna wanna kiss me and I’ll be the one running.” 
My head violently at her, but she was wearing that cocky grin as she climbed into the room, the one that said she was right. 
By ninth grade we were best friends. I’d long ago forgiven her for being taller than me, stronger than me, slyer than me and she stopped picking on me for being so book smart, so short and so non athletic. 
We sat across the table and swapped goodies from our lunch sacks. Grandma always sent an extra cookie or slice of pie for Dakota and Dakota’s mother always sent an extra fried chicken leg for me. She was the coolest girl I’d ever met.
“I don’t know how you eat like that and stay thin as a rail.” Dakota commented as I chewed through my second piece of her mom’s buttermilk fried chicken. Dakota was far from over weight, I reminded her of that as often as I could. She was curvy, with solid, soccer ball crushing thighs and an adorably round face, still speckled with freckles. Sometimes I caught myself staring at her half smile, or lost in the wild untamable curls of hair that framed her face. Sometimes I caught myself loving her.
“Same way you run all the time and don’t look like a horse.” I smiled.
“Must be magic.” She laughed sarcastically. Magic was my answer for any and everything I couldn’t explain to her. Like physics. 
As we laughed a rugged hand reached over my shoulder and snatched up my slice of peach pie. I turned as it disappeared into the gaping maul of Darrin Hornsworth, the senior quarterback. 
“What the hell?” Dakota snapped. 
“He doesn’t mind, do ya?” Darrin ruffled my hair like a child.
“It’s no big deal Dakota. I’m full anyway.” There’s no way I was going to argue with the half man half beast towering behind me. 
“No, it’s not okay. Give him a dollar.” Dakota rose from her chair glaring up at Darrin.
“You gonna make me pudgy princess?” He laughed. The hurt flashed in Dakota’s eyes but her stern glare remained unflinching. Pure hate ran through my veins as I pushed back from the table.
“If I have to Captain Chlamydia.” Her voice rang out bouncing off the cafeteria walls. There was a gasping pause then the room erupted with laughter. Darrin’s face slowly caught fire as he moved towards her. I jumped to my feet but Dakota was faster. Before Darrin could blink she swung at him, popping him in the dead center of his pie filled mouth. 
It should be noted that Darrin slipped on a puddle of lemonade I spilled trying to get up, but to the rest of the cafeteria Dakota had floored him and so I let her have that moment of glory. 
The entire incident earned Dakota three days of suspension, a broken hand and several rumors about both she and I. Wild unfounded rumors, as most are. Rumors that she was really a guy, that I was too scared to fight for myself, that we were lovers, that Darrin really did have chlamydia and had given it to Dakota one cold night after a game. We laughed every time we heard a new one that almost always contradicted the one before it. 

Senior year rolled around and I knew she’d been right. Every time I saw her all I wanted to do was kiss her, and she was the one running. The sound of her laugh down the hall could shorten my breath. The nights she fell asleep on my shoulder watching movies on Grandma’s old couch nearly drove me insane. I was a mess. I could fess up and risk losing my best friend or keep my mouth shut and lose the love of my life.
“What’s up Pax?” She asked as her head popped up through the floor of the old tree house.
“Just thought we’d hang.” I laughed, looking away sheepishly. 
“We hang all the time Pax.” She looked at me suspiciously. Her sparkling brown eyes chewing their way through my confidence.  
“How do you always see right through me?” 
“Well you got wider not denser.” She smirked, making me laugh. 
“I don’t know, we don’t seem to spend much alone time together anymore. Remember when we spent every waking hour in this tree house?” 
She walked, trailing her fingers along the rough, painted walls. Each bump, each splinter a memory of us hiding from the world inside our fort. 
I watch her move carefully from wall to wall, noting how much we’ve changed. I’d finally caught and passed her height wise. Whereas she topped out at 5’7, I shot past her to 6 ft. In the last few weeks her thick thighs and curves faded into a thin almost frail frame, while my scrawny shoulders widened, my nonexistent muscles flourished. The asthmatic wheezing dissipated to the point I made the varsity track team.  
“I’m glad you’re my best friend.” I whispered as she brushed past me. 
“You should be, your life would suck without me.” Her eyes stayed on the ceiling. This was her running, artfully dodging my advances, slamming the door in the face of my affection, softly and always with a smile. 
“You’d be fine without me though.” It was as close to a question as I could muster. Her eyes flickered to me before she spun on her toes, pirouetting across the floor. 
“I’m always fine!” She smiled, that cocky smile that meant she was right. 
	
Prom loomed on the horizon and with each passing day I loved her more and liked myself less. I didn’t ask anyone, hoping that no one would ask Dakota. I knew deep down someone would but I hoped. Every time I thought I’d worked up the courage to ask my stomach would drop and the words were lost somewhere in my throat.	
The air left my lungs so quickly I knew for sure I was having an asthma attack. My hand instinctively went to the front pocket of my dress pants. After a moment of panicked searching I remembered I hadn’t used an inhaler in over a year. 
I drew a shaky thin breath as I watched Dakota enter the room. The lights reflected off the sequenced dress that clung to her, illuminating her angelic face. This is it, get over there and confess every stupid feeling you’ve ever had. Tell her you’ve loved her since the moment she knocked you on your ass. Tell her you loved her ever since she punched that pie stealing tool in the mouth. Tell her about every single moment you’ve thought about her, about her smile, her eyes, her laugh, the way she eats watermelon. 
I didn’t move an inch.  A lump filled my throat as she moved further into the crowd, Daniel Ramos’s arm wrapped possessively around her waist. Watching him take her away was the worst moment of my entire life.
I waved off Ashley Walden for the fifth time, I had no interest in dancing with her. As I stood, downing the last of my “champagne”, I headed for the back exit. Some fresh air and a moment away from watching Ramos cling to Dakota as he pulled her around the dance floor would surely help clear my head. 
Outside under the stars, the night air cool on my skin I wondered how I was going to fix this before my heart completely broke. 
“Hey loser, whatcha doin out here?” 
A smile crept into the corners of my mouth. 
“Taking a breather South Dakota.” I turned just as she pulled her hair from the silver clasp, it fell in waves around her shoulders. I wanted to spend all night kissing each freckle on her bare shoulders, even if they outnumbered the stars in the sky.
“Must be hard work avoiding Ashley.” She laughed shouldering me as she stepped closer. 
“Not nearly as hard as Tangoing all night with ‘Legs Ramos’ in there.” She snorted as she swatted my arm. 
She snorted, like a tiny pot-bellied pig. It was obnoxious and stupid and I’ll be damned if it wasn’t the last straw.  I moved forward, grasping her face in my hands and kissed her like I’d wanted to for years.
“About time, I told you, you’d want to kiss me.” She mumbled against my mouth. 
“Shut up.” I growled kissing her deeper. 
My hands moved into her hair, my fingers lost in the deep curls as the ground shifted beneath us. This moment, this kiss, this girl was all I ever wanted for as long as I could remember.
“I wasted so much time. Why did you ever let me be so stupid?” I asked pulling her against my chest. 
“Let’s get out of here, stupid.” She turned towards the door and stumbled.
  “Easy there grace, are you okay?” 
She mumbled something incoherently before slumping against to the ground. My heart fell with her as she crumpled into a beautiful pile.
“Dakota, Dakota!” I swept her up into my arms and rushed back inside shouting for someone to call 911. 
I set her gently down just as Ramos ran up next to us. 
“What happened?” He asked bending down to brush her hair from her face. I nearly took his arm off.
“Don’t touch her. What did you do? What did you give her?”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Daniel jerked his arm free and stepped back as I moved in on him.
“I will damage you permanently if anything happens to her. If I find out you slipped her some stupid shit, I will find you and I will tear you apart.” I shook with rage as I glared down at him.
“I swear to God man, I didn’t give her anything, she begged me to bring her tonight.”
My fists clenched the lapels of his tuxedo.
“You’re a liar.”
“She said she couldn’t come alone and risk seeing you with someone else. I never stood a chance with her, no one does. She’s had it bad for you forever, I swear, we’re just friends.” 
His words crushed me as I let him go. The ambulance workers dashed to Dakota’s side and ran next to them as they wheeled her out. 
They shouted questions and I tried to answer them over the thundering of my heart in my ears. I dialed Dakota’s mom as I pulled out behind the ambulance. Rain splashed against the windshield as I tried to explain what was happening. It was the scariest moment of my entire life. 

The room was blurry and cold. My throat was like sandpaper when I swallowed. A small groan pushed past my lips as I try to raise my head.
“Oh honey.” My mom sobbed as she touched my cheeks. 
“Mom?” I struggled to sit up as she wrapped her arms around me and cried.
“Mom? What happened?” 
“You passed out at the dance. Your blood sugar was too high. That’s why you’ve felt bad for so long.” She kisses my forehead. Everything’s jumbled in my memory. Moments flash and fade, Daniel…the prom…the night sky…Paxton. The last thing I remember clearly was Paxton kissing me. Oh my God, Paxton finally kissed me! 
“Mom, Paxton kissed me! He finally got off his ass and kissed me!” She looks nervously towards the door and sniffles harder.
“Mom? Did you hear me?” I can’t wait to see him. I have to tell him, I’ve loved him since the moment he caught me in his pond, the moment he high fived me on my broken hand for defending him, the moment I saw him across the room at prom and knew he was all I wanted. 
“Mom?” 
“He was following the ambulance Dakota. He called me. Oh honey, his voice on the phone, he was so scared for you.” 
She grabs my hands and squeezes them. Everything in the room freezes, only the monitors connected to me seem unaffected. 
“Where is he?” I whisper.
“Honey, listen.” 
“Where.Is.He?” A sharp pain rises in my chest and even with pure oxygen being pumped up my nose I can’t breathe. 
“Dakota, it was raining, and dark. There was a truck…”
“WHERE. IS. HE?” Tears are running hot streams down my cheeks as I begin ripping at the I.V.’s and tubes. Before she can stop me I’m on my feet running into the hall.
“Paxton! Pax!” I rush from room to room stealing glances into other people’s misery as I run blindly through the hospital. I round a corner and run into a nurse. 
“Child what are you doing out of your room?” She asks, as she begins guiding me back down the hall.
“I have to find Paxton, Paxton Archibald. Please. I have to tell him I’ve always loved him.” She looks at me sadly but turns and takes me down another hall, away from my room. 
Swiping her badge we enter I.C.U.
“Listen to me child. He’s hurt something awful. We don’t know if he’ll wake up.” She gives me a squeeze as she slowly pulls back a curtain. Wrapped in bloody gauze, tubes and wires like cobwebs clinging to him, I gasp at the sight of him. 
“Pax….Paxton. It’s Dakota.” I move to the bed side and look to the nurse before grasping his hand. She nods and leaves the room.
“Paxton Archibald you listen to me right now. You have to wake up, because, because dammit I love you. I always have. You were with me every moment of my childhood, and I loved you in every one of them. I love you in this moment even though I really want to kick your ass for being so stupid.” I take a breath and swallow the lump growing in my throat.
“I lied Paxton. It’s the only lie I ever told you I swear. I said I’d always be alright, but I won’t, I can’t Pax, not without you.” 
I sat there through more moments than my mind could count. I sat through shift change, through bandage changes, bed changes, I.V. changes. I sat, my heart breaking, talking to him until my voice gave out. I begged, I threatened, I bargained. Pax laid there unmoved, unmoving, un-Pax through it all.
“Paxton, everyone’s giving up. They think you’re gone. You can’t be. Everything will change if you’re gone. Everything will suck. You’re my best friend. Please, do this one stupid thing for me okay? Just wake up, please.”
By midnight they forced me out of the room. Said I needed to take care of myself. Needed to attend diabetes training, needed to rest, needed to eat. They didn’t understand all I needed was Pax. 
Halfway to the hospital cafeteria the nurse from the first night came rushing towards me. 
“Honey, honey come back.”  I turned too afraid to hope. 
“Now don’t get too excited but he’s awake. We think there could be some brain damage, everything we ask him he answers ‘South Dakota’ “ 
A burst of laughter erupted from me as I rushed back to his room. 
“Pax?” I asked pushing past the nurse next to his bed. 
“South Dakota.” His green eyes rolled towards me. 
When the grin crept into the corners of his beautifully bruised lips, it became my favorite moment in the history of moments. 
“About time you woke up.”
“Shut up.” He whispered. 

Life is full of moments. Tiny blips in time. Mere seconds that most everyone lets slip by without ever realizing it. Grab them. Hold them. Keep them. In the end they are everything, added together they are life. And they are gone before we know it.  
I hope you enjoyed “Moments” as well as the other amazingly beautiful stories in this anthology. We write for you, the readers, we write for the characters clawing their way through our brains, we write for the joy of the words. I appreciate everyone who has downloaded this or any of our anthologies, feel free to contact me anytime! I love chatting with readers, and fellow bookaholics!

Your’e Still the One
By Chasity Tarantino
©2014 by Chasity Tarantino

There was a knock on Adriel’s hotel room door. She wasn’t expecting anyone, so she didn’t know who it could possibly be. She hadn’t even ordered her dinner yet so it couldn’t be room service. 
‘That’s odd’ she thought to herself as she got up off the bed and walked towards the door. She had just got done in Paris showing her clothing line on the runway. This had been a big deal for her, to finally show her work off in the fashion capital. She had wanted this since she was a little girl. 
Honestly no one even knew she was back in town yet. Considering after her work was done in Paris she decided that she was going to take a month off and vacation there. She was so burnt out from working; she knew she deserved a little rest and relaxation. At least that what she told everyone, but deep down she knew why she really didn’t want to come back to LA. She just wasn’t ready to face it.
Adriel made it to the door and looked out the peephole to see who her mystery guest was. Her heart dropped to her stomach and she slowly backed away from the door. 
It was Mason.
‘What is he doing here?’ She thought frantically.
“Adriel, please open the door.” He said evenly through the door.
Adriel pulled herself together, took a deep breath, and opened the door.  
“Mason, hi.” She said praying her voice didn’t betray how nervous she was. 
He looked even better than he had the last time they had been together, his golden, shoulder length hair pushed back haphazardly as if he was constantly running his hands through it. His ice blue eyes that she could get lost in were now boring into her own hazel ones.  His perfectly sculpted cheek bones and luscious full lips making him look like an angel, except for the fact that he was dressed in all black. He was wearing a black V-neck shirt, black leather pants, and black boots, his signature silver chain bracelet hung loosely from his left wrist, and his cross ring that haunted her. She could remember the feel of the cool metal on her skin all too well. 
He looked like perfection to Adriel but when she looked closely she noticed bags under his eyes, most likely from lack of sleep. Was he having trouble sleeping? Better yet what was he doing here?
Mason and Adriel had dated for over a year. Adriel thought everything was going fine, she had really fallen for him. Mason was the drummer of a well-known rock band named ‘The Hurricane’ and he had quite the reputation of a play boy but when she met him she didn’t see that in him. He was a perfect gentleman, not to mention hilarious he kept her smiling so much her cheeks hurt. 
Then right before she went to Paris he dropped a bomb on her, he wanted to break up. He thought they were away from each other too much, their schedules conflicted. At least that’s what he told her, she thought there was someone else he was interested in considering they had always had grueling schedules and they had always worked around it. She flew to Paris the next week with a broken heart and a desperate urge to run away.
“You look beautiful”, were the first words out of his mouth.
Her stomach churned violently. That wasn’t fair. 
She was dressed in one of the summer dresses that she had designed herself. It was gray and fell to her ankles gracefully. It had a fitted bodice and hugged all her curves perfectly. She had always loved summer dresses, she thought they were the most comfortable thing you could wear and still look cute. Mason adored when she wore summer dresses; she was wearing one similar to the one she had on now when they first met. Her long auburn locks fell down over her back in soft curls. She hated putting her hair up, she adored her long locks that went past her bottom. Adriel was a petite beauty that never truly understood her effect on men when she walked into a room. 
Together they were quite a pair, especially on the red carpet. They were a Hollywood ‘it’ couple and many were disappointed when they spilt. 
“What are you doing here Mason?” She said sighing.
“I need to talk to you Adriel, can I come in?” He said rubbing his hands together.
That was something he only did when he was nervous, and only on rare occasions was Mason nervous.
She hesitated looking at him with questioning eyes.
“Please.” He pleaded. 
She sighed and stepped aside to let him in the room. He stepped into the room and she closed the door behind him.
“Nice room.” He said as he looked around the room, then back at her.
She rolled her eyes; it was so typical of him to be calm and casual while her insides went haywire. 
“Mason what did you come here for?” She repeated her question as she sat down on the bed. 
He walked over to her and looked down into her eyes, those beautiful eyes that seemed to look right through her soul. 
“I came to tell you that I made a big mistake.” He said softly, still gazing into her eyes, “I should’ve never let you walk out that door that night. I knew I screwed up as soon as you were gone.”
Her heart clenched, was this really happening?
“Please don’t so this. It’s not fair.” She muttered.
She wanted to believe him so bad and forget all of this had even happened but she just couldn’t. He had really hurt her and she wasn’t even sure of the reasoning behind the break up.
He knelt down in front of her and grabbed her left hand with his right.
“Please Adriel, you have to believe me. I can’t stop thinking about you. I was so wrong to believe this wasn’t real. I need you Adriel.” He was practically begging she could hear the pain in his voice. 
“Are you really sitting here tell me this? What has happened Mason? Did you get tired of your little fling already?” She asked sarcastically.
She was so sure that there was another girl. She thought his playboy reputation had finally reared its ugly head and it sure had bitten her.
“No why would you think that? I’ve missed you like crazy. There was no fling. What are you talking about?” He said his eyes widening in surprise.
“Then why did you end it? Remember it was you who wanted to break up not me. I figured you found a new girl.” She said reminding him that it was indeed his doing that caused this. 
“No there wasn’t a new girl. Are you out of your mind? I know I made a huge mistake. I know I messed up, but I was so afraid of the idea of a commitment that I ran away. I’m so ashamed of how I handled it and I miss you like crazy.” He said.
“I don’t understand if that’s how you felt, why did you wait until now to tell me?” She asked confusion written across her face. 
He had ended their relationship out of nowhere; she needed to know exactly why so she didn’t make the same mistake twice. Not to mention he waited a month to tell her that he wanted to get back together. 
“I thought you stayed in Paris because you didn’t want to see me and honestly I had too much pride to admit I was wrong, but I was wrong. We belong together Adriel. I love you and I never stopped loving you.” 
She didn’t respond at first, of course that’s what she wanted to hear. She wanted him back so bad that she had dreams of him coming back to her but she had a gnawing feeling eating away at her gut. What if he hurt her again and left her because he got bored? Could she really go through this again?
He stared at her in anticipation, he could see the doubt in her eyes, and his heart was racing at such a high speed he thought it might just fly right out of his chest. How could he convince her that he needed her in his life?
“Adriel, please I am telling you the truth. I should have told you how I really felt ages ago. I was scared of how strong my feelings were. I knew if you left me, I’d be nothing. So I was a coward and left first. I’m not proud of it but I am trying to make it right, love.” He pleaded reaching up to push a strand of hair that had fell in front of her face, back behind her ear. 
She looked into his eyes for a minute before looking down at her hands. She needed to be strong and get this out but if she kept looking in those beautiful blue eyes she would never get him out of her room. 
“Mason I don’t know what to tell you.” She sighed still looking at her hands, “You’re too late. I met someone in Paris.”
Mason jerked back as if she had slapped him. 
“What? Who?” He asked rather loudly.
“His name is Garrett, he’s a model. He worked in one of my shows.” She said avoiding his eyes.
His eyes widened, he waited too long, and it took a minute for that to seep in. His veins felt like they were filling with ice at the realization that he had lost her. He knew he should have gone after her. 
“How did you know I was back anyway?” She asked meeting his eyes finally.
“The show was all over the tabloids, so were the theories as to why you stayed in Paris. You know the usual, pregnancy, drug addiction, the typical downward spiral.” He explained, “I called Stacy and begged her to tell me when you were coming back.”
Stacy was her publicist and thought that her and Mason were perfect together but Adriel had given the strict order not to reveal when she was coming back to anyone. Apparently Mason was not just anyone. 
“Don’t be mad at her, she didn’t want to tell me, trust me. I made a bit of a scene for her, I’m afraid.”
“It’s fine. Mason I really think you should go.” She said standing up.
“That’s it? Garrett has your heart now.” He said the name ‘Garrett’ like it was a disease. 
“I’m sorry but I’ve moved on. This was not my doing Mason.” She said wearily, walking over to the door and opening it. She leaned against it her hand clutching the doorknob.
Her stomach was tightly knotted; she just needed to get him out of here before she gave in.
Mason sighed,
“I never wanted it to end like this Adriel. I never wanted it to end period.”
“Please just go.” She said motioning to the hallway.
He walked out the door and looked back at her; the pain was evident in his eyes. 
“Adriel…” he began but was cut off when the hotel door slammed closed in his face.
Inside the hotel room Adriel moved numbly toward the bed before collapsing on it, attempting to take deep breaths as the tears ran down her cheeks. She couldn’t even begin to explain to herself why she had turned him away. 
A few nights later Adriel and Garrett were at a party hosted by an elite supermodel named Camilla, who was a close friend of Garrett. Adriel didn’t want to be there to begin with, let alone be there with Garrett. She liked Garrett; he was a nice guy and was easy on the eyes. He had chin length brunette hair and very beautiful hazel eyes, and of course he had amazing bone structure, typical of a runway model. However it seemed being with Garrett was a lot easier when she thought that Mason moved on. Now his words were constantly flying around in her head, weighing heavily on her.
Garret seemed to be having the time of his life, glass of champagne in hand, dancing around the room with anyone within his grasp. 
Adriel sighed, closed her eyes, and rubbed at her temples in an attempt to elevate the pressure that had gathered up in her head. 
She suddenly felt someone’s gaze on her. She looked up and did a quick scan of the room. 
Sure enough she locked eyes with a familiar icy blue gaze. 
Mason.
She grabbed a glass of champagne off the tray of a waiter walking by and quickly turned around, bringing her gaze back to Garrett. She couldn’t think any more about how good Mason looked, or how what he said was so right. She downed the flute of champagne trying to fight the desperate urge to run into Mason’s arms.
Her self-control failed and she turned her head just enough to see where he was standing but he wasn’t there.
She turned her whole body around and searched the room but he was nowhere to be found. Had she imagined him standing there?
‘Good lord I need to get a grip.’ She thought to herself.
A few minutes later she grew tired of watching Garrett mingle and act foolishly, so she made her way to the bathroom at the back of the suite where the party was being held.
She was going to use the bathroom and then leave this overrated party. Garrett could fend for himself, since it seemed he already was. 
When Adriel opened the bathroom door after using the restroom, she gasped. Mason was standing there blocking her way out. She stepped back as he moved into the bathroom with her and closed the door behind him and then he turned to face her.
“Mason what…” her question was lost as his lips crashed against hers. 
She tensed at first not expecting the kiss then she quickly gave in kissing him back.
It felt so right, it felt like home. He felt like home, this was the man whose arms she was supposed to be in.
Could she really allow herself to fall again?
She pulled away from his eager lips taking a breath.
“Mason stop. What about Garrett?” she muttered in his ear as he kissed her neck, never once letting her leave his grip.
One hand was firmly placed on her hip the other on the back of her neck, bringing her close to him. Their faces were only inches apart. 
“You’re not his. You’re mine. Always have been, always will be.” He replied with a look of determination and desire she had never seen before.
“Mason, I..” again she was interrupted.
“I know you don’t want him. Please, I know I hurt you; I deserved what happened but Adriel we belong together. I love you.”
Right in that moment looking into his eyes she knew, he was telling the truth. They did belong together. She nodded her head once. 
“I love you too.” She responded as a smile slowly appeared on her face.
He beamed back at her.
“Good because my life would suck without you.”
 

The Book of Besties
By Courtney Houston
©2014 by Courtney Houston

From: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>
Subject: Because I love you
To: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Let's start off with I miss you. Things aren't the same without you here. Can you please reiterate to your parents how much this sucks for me? But do it nicely. Why couldn't your dad get stationed somewhere closer, like California or Florida.
Recap of what you missed the first 9 weeks of spring semester Junior year.
*Your precious NJROTC team has done really good at Drill Competitions. (BTW, you're welcome. I've sacrificed several Saturday mornings to watch them for you. See attached videos)
*The cheer team is also doing well. (Again see attached video)
*Anthony and Maggie broke up, got back together and broke up again. Congrats to Anthony for growing a set.
*I’m on the honor roll. Again. Which is good because I would have lost my shit if I weren't.
*Carla's extensions got ripped out at Homecoming when she got into a fight with wait for it- Melissa. It was epic.

I also wanted to let you know that I gave Jude your email address. I KNOW you said not to let anybody write to you since you probably wouldn't be back for a while, but I ignored that. Just for him. You're welcome. The boy deserves it. So do you.

XOXO
Nikki

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: I love you- because you're awesome
To: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>

Nikki,
You did what? I specifically asked you not to do that! It defeats the purpose of just leaving! Ugh. Jude is the only one, right? You didn't make a Facebook post about it did you?
I miss you too. I again told my parents how hard our moving to Crete was for you. My dad would again like me to remind you that ‘life isn't fair."
Recap of my first 3 months of school.
* Math is just as hard in Greek as it is in English.
*They don't actually speak Greek in my school. No, all the time anyways.
*I tried to order in Greek at a Cafe the other day. The employees got a real hoot out of it. Assholes.
*I went fishing! (See attached photos)
*I rode a donkey (Again see photos)

I miss you too. My parents are adamant that this is good for me. Joey fits right in here with his olive skin. I stick out like a sore thumb with my pasty white skin. My 10pm curfew has turned into ‘you go straight to school and come straight home". I'm hoping it will lighten up once he sees that not everyone is looking to kidnap an average 5'2" brown haired white girl here. They have much better options.
I can't believe they are doing so well! But now I'm worried that I was the weak link. No, that's not it. I rocked that team.
Look at you nailing that basket toss.
Quiet Melissa? I can't believe that. Then again its always the quiet ones you gave to look out for.
I would seriously cut off my left nut to see Carla have her extensions ripped out in any fashion. Like cut it off with a rusty knife.

XOXO
Annie

From: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >
Subject: Long time no talk
To: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

I hope you don't mind that Nik gave me your address. If it helps her out any, I sort of cornered her in the hall and made her. I just wanted to write to you and see how you were doing. I'm doing good. I think I may get a scholarship to UNC for Baseball. A recruiter has been to a lot of my practices and talking to coach. I think I've got a good shot at it.
How is school going for you? Are you going to look into colleges there? Or are you going to come home? I miss you Anns. I really do.
Well, I guess I'll talk to you later.
Jude

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: Its only been 9 weeks
To: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >
That's great that you might get a scholarship. You deserve it, you're a really good ball player.
I haven't given college much of a thought. My parents are here for at least 2 years after I graduate. If I did come back for college I would pretty much be on my own, but if I stay here, well then… I would still be on my own sort of. I have some time to think about it, right?
School is going ok. They don't have ROTC here, so I've been spending most of my free time helping out part time at the fishing docks.
I miss you too, Jude.

Talk to you soon,
Annie

From: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>
Subject: MURDERER
To: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

You caught a fish? You didn't touch it did you? Or eat? You let it go right? Fish killer. I'm just jerking your chain.
Want to know a secret? Jude strutted the halls like he won the lottery after he got your email. I'm not saying, I'm just saying that the boy has it bad for you. But for real. He was pretty beat up for a while.
I've been working on my mom to come see you this summer, it's not going to well though.. She watched Hostel and is paranoid now. I think your dad may have planted ideas in her head.

I'll keep trying.
XOXO,
Nikki

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: Newest recipient of the Aquatic Pardon
To: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>

I had to let it go, he had sad eyes.
I did write him back. I also think someone (meaning you) are exaggerating a little. We only dated for a 5 months. I think mostly his ego is hurt. I mean mine would be too, if my sorta girlfriend disappeared after a new year party. 
He might get a scholarship to UNC. He's really excited about it.
He also brought up my college situation. I honestly have no idea what I'm going to do. I have time now, but what happens when I don't?
Anyways, this is going to have to be a short email. If I spend too much time in my room, my parents start freaking out about my spiraling into some depression. There are a lot of cliffs and high places here.

XOXO
Annie.

From: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >
Subject: Only?
To: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Anns,
Yeah, you have time. But you wouldn't be all alone here. You'll have Nikki and I. You could apply to one of the colleges that we are going to. Or to one close.
Hey, can I have your physical address. I have something I want to mail you.
Can I ask a question? Why didn't you tell anyone you were moving? You were here one day, and the next day you were just gone. I know we were only together for a little while, but I would have thought I'd have at least got a goodbye. I came to school one day to find out my girlfriend had moved. I figured I ranked a little higher than the rest of the school. I'm not mad, but I am a little hurt.
Miss you like crazy,
Jude

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: See it from my side
To: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >

Jude,
Sorry, this is going to be so short, I have to do stuff with my mom.
Jude, I move a lot. It was sheer luck that we were in Norfolk for 5 years. Pure and utter luck. Goodbyes are hard. It's easier if I just slip away and everyone can go on like they didn't know me. It will happen anyways, this way there isn't that awkward ‘staying in touch' phase. My friends from before? I haven't talked to them in years. People change and the longer you try to hold on to that the more it sucks in the end.
I'm really sorry, I hurt your feelings. I didn't mean too. I'll write to you for as long as you want. But if you get to the point where we've just become too different to carry on a conversation, it's going to suck. We'll wake up one day and realize we haven't talked to each other in weeks… or is it months?
I have to go.
You're definitely crazy,

Annie

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: Its official
To:Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>

I hate you for giving Jude my address. This is why told you I didn't want to talk to people after I left! He had gone 9 weeks without me! He was getting over me. Then you ruined it!

NO X's or O's for you this time!
A very pissed off Annie

From: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>
Subject: Melodramatic much?
To:Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Annie,
Woah doggy, What happened? Jude asked me if you said anything to me about him. He said he thought you were upset. Annie, you don't have to isolate yourself. People here care about you! If Jude wants to talk to you, then let him. Before you found out you were moving, you were so happy to be going out with Jude. You living there and him living here doesn't change that.
I don't understand why you are so stubborn about this. I love you and only want what's best for you. As your best friend, it's my job to give it to you even when you don't want it. I present to you, Jude.
Deal with it.

Extra X's and O's for you grumpy gus.

Nikki

From: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >
Subject: Who are you?
To:Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Annie,
I don't even know what to say.
I can't believe you think we would just forget you if you just left.
Especially me. I can't believe you would think that about me.
People change. You're right. But we can't stop change, nor would we want to. Change helps us become better versions of ourselves. It doesn't make what once was any less significant.

I'm going to write to you every day, even if I have nothing to say.

Stubborn as always,

Jude

From: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >
Subject: Where are you?
To:Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Annie,
Where are you at? I haven't heard from you in a few days.
Please write back,

Jude

From: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>
Subject: Stop Sulking
To:Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

You better cut this shit out. Stop this pity party and answer our emails.
So help me bob, I will call your mom.

SOON PLEASE!

From: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >
Subject: Anns….
Date: March 13, 2012 3:05pm
To:Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Is this how its gonna be? You're just going to ignore me? Pretend like I never existed. Don't do this, Anns.
I miss you more everyday

Jude

From: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>
Subject: Final Notice
To:Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

You have 24 hours to answer our emails or I am calling your mom and she won’t let you out of her sight for the next 2 years.
Don't test me.

Nikki

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: Aye Aye captain Bitch.
To: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>

You wouldn't dare call my mom. You were bluffing.

I don't want to think about this. Cheer me up jerk.

Annie

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: You are too sweet
To: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >

Jude,
I just got the picture you sent me. I love it. Its one of the sweetest things anyone has ever done for me. Is this from the bonfire you had over Thanksgiving break? It looks like it. Right before you drug me out and tried to make me dance. I warned you. Firelight is a great filter.
Remember that time you and Nikki came to my ROTC lock in with me? Nikki spent the entire night flirting with that guy only to find out he was 12? And you taught me to skate?
I was sore in places I didn't even know existed for weeks.
How is the baseball season going? How are the guys?

Always,
Anns

From: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >
Subject: Only for you.
To: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Anns,
LMAO. I remember. You fell on your ass so many times I was afraid you were going to bruise. I'm going to remind Nikki of her cradle robbing ways today in Chem class. That was a fabulous night. It was our first kiss. Do you remember that? I do. I had planned on kissing you that night when I took you home. You being, well you, had to beat me too it. Favorite first kiss ever. 
Baseball is going good. I've been pitching mostly or playing short. There have been several scouts hanging around games. I'm not sure if they're there for me or someone else though.
The guys are good. Austin sprained his wrist. He's supposed to be taking it easy for a little while, but he's playing instead. Coach is afraid its going to make it worse. You know Austin, when he wants something he gets it.
Tell me about your dock job. I can't imagine you with a fish in your hands.
Miss you girl,
Jude

From: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>
Subject: That's Miss Captain Bitch to you
To:Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Annie,
A little bossy aren't we? If you thought I was bluffing you wouldn't have responded. By the way, thanks for reminding Jude of the lock in that shall never ever be mentioned again. I mean it, like never. ever. again. Jesus, I kiss one young guy and automatically I'm the Mrs. Robinson of Golden Heights High School.
Cheer you up? I have two words for you: Poison Sumac. Attached please see the picture of our stupidest moment ever. I swear I still have blister scars in places I rather not mention. Luckily I haven't had to explain them to Luke. Yet.
Speaking of the devil, Luke asked me to prom. No biggie.

XOXO,
Nik

From:Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: NO.WAY
To: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com>

NIKKI,
DUDE! That's a huge deal! I'm so excited for you. I think an online shopping date is called for. You’re wearing blue. Baby blue. 
Oh god, the poison sumac. How the hell were we supposed to know? I'm convinced they planted it just to screw with us. Those blisters were awful. I'm getting itchy just thinking about it.
I attached a picture of the view from my parents window. My window looks almost directly into another window. Creepy. But no one is usually in there, so I think it's a guest room.

XOXO
Annie

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: Jude Anderson, Superstar
To: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >

Jude
What can I say? I’m always up for a challenge. You can’t label that as the best first kiss ever. You haven’t had all your first kisses yet. 
They are totally there to watch you. Since you're so awesome. ;)
Austin, Austin, Austin. He's too stubborn for his own good.
So, I've only touched a fish a couple times. I mostly clean and organize the boats afterward. But when was the last time you touched a fish Mr. Anderson?
I miss you. A lot.

XOXO
Annie

From: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com >
Subject:Future FBI agents
To: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Annie,
Online shopping sounds amazing. I want a mermaid dress. Show off these cheer muscles I've been working on so much.
You may be on to something about the poison sumac. I'll check to see if it actually grows here. It sounds like something too smart and well thought out for Corey and Ricky to have come up with though.
I think I may be going out of town for spring break with mom and dad. They said something about camping. I'll let you know.

Nikki

From: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >
Subject: Are you serious?
To: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Anns,
Touche, my girl, touche. I don't think I've ever touched a fish that wasn't beer battered and deep fried.
I think I can name someone else who is too stubborn for their own good. cough*annie*cough.
If I remember correctly, you don't have an organizational bone in your body. Does your boss know this?

Always,
Jude

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: You sir can politely….
To: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >

Jude,
Shut up.

XOXO,
Annie

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject:Welcome to suck fest 2012
To: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com >

Nikki,
That sucks. We don't have spring break here. :(.
I wish we did. Mom and Dad are adamant about me not coming back over the summer.
I hate it here.
I miss you.
I miss home.
I think I'm coming home for college… No, I AM coming home for college. Hell, I’ll come home and be a barista forever. 

XOXO
Annie

From: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com >
Subject: Make me
To: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>

Anns
Simmer down killer.
I can say that it was the best first kiss, because it’s my last first kiss. 
I'm going on a cruise with my parents for spring break. My phone/laptop aren't allowed to go.
I'm gonna miss talking to you. I'll send you a postcard. Hope you like the Virgin Islands. 
Yours Always,
Jude

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject: DONT LEAVE ME!
To: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com >
Nikki,
I hope you don't. Jude is going on a cruise with his parents.
When does break start?
I don't want to go a whole week without talking to you guys. :(
XOXOX
Annie

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject:Pretty please, with a cherry on top?
To: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com>

Jude,
I’m glad you’re not here right now, because the way that comment made my blush is super embarrassing. 
Nikki is going out of town too.
You sure you can't sneak just the phone?
Please?
XOXO
Annie

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject:Alonaphobia
To: Nikki <cheertator118@heyu.com >
Nikki,

I guess you already left. Have a good time.

XOXO
Annie

From: Annie <anniebananie14@heyu.com>
Subject:Waiting not so patiently
To: Jude <thatssojude@heyu.com>

Jude,
I guess I missed you guys.
I hope you guys have a good time.
I'll miss you.
I already miss you. 

XOXO,
Anns

"Annie!" My mother, Kellie, yelled up the stairs. I gave my computer one last refresh and sighed at the same screen before I went downstairs.
It had been 2 days since I received an email from either of them. 2 days. It doesn't seem like much, but for me it was. I had gotten so accustomed to talking to them every day, to holding on to those few shreds of my previous life, that those 2 days seemed like 2 years.
It started at 2 days, then it became 2 weeks, then 2 months, then 2 years. The sinking feeling in my gut told me that this was the beginning of the end for my short-lived fantasy. I couldn't deny that I enjoyed it while it lasted though. I did. A lot.
"Yeah?" I asked my mom as I walked into the kitchen and snagged a handful of olives from the bowl she just uncovered when her back was turned.
"Did you eat some of these olives?" She asked, one eyebrow raised and that ‘I know what you did' look that moms seem to have.
"What olives?" I was able to mumble through a mouthful of said olives.
"Anyways." she added some type of spices to the bowl before recovering it and replacing it back in the fridge. "I'm worried. You haven't voluntarily left your room in 2 days."
"Sorry?" I didn't leave my room for almost a month when we first moved here. I don't know why she was worried about 2 days.
"You were so happy for a while." She started shoving her wallet and keys into her purse. "What happened?"
"Nothing." I shrugged my shoulders in an attempt to appear nonchalant.
"We're going to the market." without waiting for a response, she headed to the door.
This was her technique for when she didn't want me to fight her on something. She just left, leaving me to follow her. Which is exactly what I did.
The market was a beautiful thing, if I were any less sullen and grumpy, I would actually enjoy it. People from town setup in a grid like pattern with their goods. Anything from fruits to carved rosaries, to homemade beauty products. It sort of reminded me of a gypsy market, though I would never admit that out loud.
Mom strolled through the aisles, stopping at several tables. Her Greek was amazing for someone who just started learning 6 months ago, when we found out we were moving. I guess that was just my mom, she had the ability to blend smoothly with her surroundings no matter where we were. Her green eyes and olive skin didn't hurt either. I sadly was not blessed with either of those gifts. My pasty white skin and blonde hair did nothing to hide that I was, in fact, a sore thumb here.
After 3 or 4 more aisles, I was growing tired with being here. What I really wanted was to go home and check my email again. I knew there wouldn't be anything there, but I could still hope.
"What did we come here for?" I asked, thinking maybe I could go find it for her.
"Nothing particular. It's just such a nice day." She answered, looking at a pretty baby blue, eyelet dress. "This would look pretty on you."
"It's nice." I said, getting more and more impatient by the second.
"I think I'll get it for you." She pulled out her wallet and paid the nice man, thanking him in Greek. "What time is it?"
"Just past 6." I answered, looking at my watch.
"All right, we can go home now, Miss Impatient."
When we arrived, I almost bolted from the car before it was even stopped. I had made it to the hallway before my dad stopped me.
"Hey you." He said looking up at me from his recliner. He just have just got home, he was still in his uniform. "Finally decided to leave your room?"
"Hey daddy." I did a quick glance at my parents and then the stairs. "Yeah, you know, fresh air and all."
"Don't let her lie to you, James." mom said, giving me a smirk. "She didn't do it willingly."
Oh, excellent. Now they were both going to gang up on me.
"Is that so? Well, go back to your lair, you hermit." He said, he and my mother shared a knowing look. Whatever, I didn’t need to be told twice. 
Taking the steps two at a time (and tripping a couple times), I opened my bedroom door. Then my mouth hit the floor. Sitting on my bed, was Nikki and Jude, and sitting beside my bed, were two very hefty looking suitcases. What were they doing here? Was this for real? I closed my eyes and gave my head a quick shake. I opened one eye, hoping to lessen the blow my imagination had conjured
But when I opened them, they were still there, both looking very proud of themselves. Without warning Nikki threw herself into my arms, hugging me close to her and possibly fracturing my spine.
"Surprise!" She yelled, giving my arms a squeeze. "Annie? You look pale, are you ok?"
"Just surprised." I say, It was true, I was in shock I think.
My mind wasn't working correctly. I could see them, here in front of me, I could feel Nikki's arms on me, but I couldn't actually process that they were actually here. I was shuffled from one set of arms to another. My mind clicked on really fast and Jude held me close in a tight embrace. The scent of gasoline and grass that always seemed to cling to him wafted around me. 
"I missed you." He said I forgot how low his baritone voice was. How much older than his 17 years he sounded.
"You guys are the best." I said, holding him so tight, I thought he might pop in my arms. Jude held me just as tight. 
“What are friends for?” Nikki asked, throwing herself across my bed. 
"My life would-"
"Suck without us?" Nikki chimed in.
"Yeah," I answered, leaning up on my tippy toes to press a kiss on Jude's lips. "My life really would suck without you."



The Girl Who Wouldn’t Swim
By DL Kelly
©2014 by DL Kelly

 “I won’t!”  She slammed her locker and pressed her back against it.  “I won’t do it.  They can’t make me!”
 “I think they can.  It’s a freshman requirement,” I said, hesitantly.  Emmy had become my best friend since her family moved across the street from mine last May.  We had been together almost every day, and I know that she meant what she said.  This is good and bad.  Some people, like her parents, say she’s stubborn.
 “Why didn’t someone tell me that in May when I applied here?”
 “They told your Mom.  Maybe you didn’t hear it.  Swimming is a requirement for all freshmen.  If you don’t pass it, you’ll flunk.”
 Emmy’s green eyes sparkled.  She shut them before the tears fell. She wouldn’t cry here, in the hall outside of Biology.
 “Well, I’ll find out,” she called over her shoulder and headed into the classroom.  I kept walking towards English.
I didn’t want to bring up the subject at lunch time.  Emmy couldn’t wait until we sat down to start on it.
 “What if I’m allergic to water?”
 “That’s just crazy.  You drink water.  You shower.”
 She sighed.  Then, “How about chlorine?”  Maybe I can say it bothers my skin?”
“I guess it’d be worth a try.  But Emmy, what’s the big deal?”
“I just don’t swim.  Not around other people, anyway.”
“Are you afraid?” I asked.
“Michaela, you know I’m not afraid of anything.  This is supposed to be a free country.  No one can make me do anything I don’t want to do.”  I knew she was upset.  She usually calls me Mikey, like everyone else. She adjusted her glasses and looked the other way, towards the exit.
“Go talk to the guidance counselor.  Maybe he can help,” I suggested.  Mr. Stemmler was old, probably fifty, but seemed to understand kids.  He helped my brother get into some classes he needed when he suddenly decided to go to college.  Anyway, maybe Emmy would open up to him.
“It’s worth a shot.  Maybe I can say I have too many classes.”  She had as many as I did, but I let it go.  She checked her watch.  “I’ll go now and try to see him today.”  She grabbed her tray and ran.

She wasn’t the same person after school that day.  When I went to her locker she was loading her stuff into her camo back pack.  The bright, feisty girl I had lunch with was replaced by this sad one who barely looked at me.
“He said I have to take swimming,” she said, as if there hadn’t been three hours since we last spoke.  “Starting tomorrow.”  She shouldered her bag and shuffled towards the exit.  “I hate this school!”
I tried to text her that evening, but she didn’t answer.  I couldn’t sleep that night, wondering what she would do.
She was like a stone, only one that could walk, on the way to school in the morning.  I tried talking, but she only answered “Yes” or “No.” Usually “No.”  So I just dragged along, hoping for her to say something. When we got to her locker, she raised her head and said, “See ya third period.”  Which would be Swimming.

I hadn’t ever seen Emmy in a bathing suit.  All summer we wore shorts and tanks, sometimes halters when it was really hot.  I have to say, not because she’s my best friend, but because it’s true—she looked better than any girl in our class in those ugly green tank suits we were required to buy.  Apparently someone had clued her mother, because Emmy had the right one.  She didn’t seem nervous or embarrassed.  She was wearing her glasses. 
Miss Gardner, the teacher, was new.  I heard this was like  her first year of teaching.

We sat on the bleachers while she spoke to us, telling us what we would be doing in the class.  When she asked who could swim, Emmy raised her hand with most of us.
“ Thought you didn’t swim,” I whispered.
“Didn’t say I couldn’t.  Said I wouldn’t.  I only swim in private.  My Aunt Tina has a pool and we swim all summer.”   
When it was time for us to get into the water, Emmy climbed in with the rest of us.  Still wearing glasses. Come to think of it, I never saw her without them.  She didn’t wear contacts like most kids.  Maybe she was almost blind?  
It took about fifteen minutes for Miss Gardner to notice the glasses.
“Emmy?  Dear, we don’t wear our eyeglasses in the water.  You know, they could fall off and break.  One of you girls could step on them and get hurt.  So please take them off, okay?”
Emmy smiled the biggest smile I’d ever seen, like her face would split.  
“No, that’s okay.  I’ll just keep them on, if you don’t mind.”
The teacher hadn’t expected this.  “Emmy, if you’re worried about not seeing and bumping into people, we won’t be doing actual swimming today.  Maybe you could get those prescription goggles.  But for today, you have to take them off, for safety reasons.”
Emmy climbed up the ladder and headed for the locker room.  Miss Gardener stood there with her mouth open.  She hadn’t expected this, either.
“That’s okay, Miss Gardner,” I said, jumping out of the water.  “She’s my friend.  She’s new here, too.  I’ll go see what’s wrong.”
“Thank you, Michaela.”
“It’s Mikey,” I hollered back.
Emmy huddled on the bench near the showers.  Her shoulder length, dark brown hair was hiding her face, but she was crying and I wanted to cry, too.  Emmy was very strong and fearless.  She wanted to be a veterinarian. Something major was wrong to upset her like this. I sat there for a few minutes until she stopped sobbing.
“Em, I’m your best friend.  Please tell me what’s wrong.”  Still face down, she took off her glasses and rubbed her eyes. When she lifted her face, I saw an area of red skin along her nose and around her right eye.
“See?  It’s a birthmark.  The doctor told my parents he couldn’t fix it until I’m grown up, and that I wear glasses anyway.  I guess he figures, ‘So what?’   I wear makeup most of the time, but it isn’t waterproof.”
“Is that why you won’t take the glasses off?  Em, it’s not so bad.”
“Bad?  It’s ugly!  Hideous!  People think there’s something wrong with me, or I have some horrible disease.”
“Nobody thinks that.  I’m sure.  Probably no one would even notice, and if they do, really, so what?  It’s not their business, is it? You are not ugly!
Em, none of us is perfect.  Do you know Stacey? She’s in your Algebra class.  I’ve known her since fourth grade, and one day someone said to me, ‘Isn’t it a shame about Stacey’s teeth?’ I had to ask what was wrong with them.  Okay, so they’re crooked.  Big deal. That’s just her.  Stacey is one of the nicest and funniest girls in the school.  Her parents just don’t have the money to get her teeth fixed.  And did you get a look at me? I look like a green bean in this bathing suit. My mom promises me that I’ll fill out someday.  But when?”
Emmy rubbed her cheeks and smiled at me.  “I like green beans.  They rock.”
I stood up and held up my right hand.  She high-fived me.  “C’mon, let’s go swimming.”
Emmy’s parents bought her the prescription goggles. I took her to see my Aunt Kristine, who works in a beauty salon.  She fixed her up with some waterproof makeup.
 
Emmy joined the swim team.  She plans to work as a lifeguard in the summer after our junior year.  We know we will go to Florida for spring break, when we’re old enough.
She is still my best friend.


2041
By Mark Mackey
©2014 by Mark Mackey

       “So what do you say Julie,” Kimberly Masters, 15 asked her as they lay stretched out stomach side down on her bed in her room that afternoon. “Are you up for trick or treating one last time?” 
     Kimberly’s asking this did not generate any amount of surprise in 15 year old Julie Knox who she considered beyond a shadow of a doubt her best friend since they were both eleven.
     “You don’t think we’re too old?” Julie asked.
     “We just turned fifteen, and no I don’t. Besides Julie it’s going to be our last time.”
     “Okay well since you put it that way, sure why not,” Julie almost instantly answered. “Let’s do it one last time.”
     ”Great choice Julie,” Kimberly said climbing off the bed. “Now I’d better get my butt out of here, I’ll call you just as soon as I get home.”
     Watching Kimberly exit her bedroom, Julie had no idea this would be the last time she was going to see or hear her best friend for a good long while.

                         

                              ****

     And Julie didn’t, nor did anyone else for that matter during the course of the year. As a result of losing her best friend Julie’s life really sucked to the point she just wanted to die. It was as if her best friend had vanished into thin air. This led to her considering if she should take her own life, but yet at the end, thinking Kimberly might show up, Julie didn’t. Gradually she just moved on with her life. Still she kept up hope she’d get a miracle and have Kimberly returned to her.

                                 ****

     One of the memories which stood out in Julie’s mind had of Kimberly was when was four years ago when the two were both eleven years old and just starting out as friends. Her parents taking them to the pumpkin patch on 9th street in order for them to pick out pumpkins to carve into Jack O Lanterns for Halloween. 
     After an hour they were heading away from the pumpkin patch, choosing for themselves ones quite large in size; this forcing her parents to engage in the task. 


                           ****

     Once in the back seat of the Knox’s family station wagon and back on the road, Kimberly began to taunt her with the story of how their came to be skeletons of human children buried deep beneath the ground of the pumpkin patch. 
     “Hey you want to hear a scary story Julie,” Kimberly asked. 
     “Sure all right,” Julie answered.
     “Every fourteen years a family of four, father, mother, sister, brother, adorned with hideous Jack O Lanterns for heads; what they do traverse every night about Burveton for seven straight nights, where they abduct as many little boys and girls as possible for nourishment over the next fourteen years of their confinement.”
     Julie of course was at the level of maturity where she didn’t believe such utter foolishness. “Now what you just told me is pure BS Kimberly Masters, and you know it,” Julie responded boldly to her best friend. 
     “Yeah,” Julie retorted in a sassy, sure of herself tone. “But you have to admit I do have one hell of a damn good imagination!” 
     Kimberly’s vulgar choice of words sat none too well with either of Julie’s parents, but it was her only her father who expressed his displeasure over this. 
     “Now I really don’t know how things are run in your family Kimberly,” James Knox said, all the while keeping his attention entirely focused on her through the rearview mirror. “But the Knox family does not use such obscene, potty mouthed language.” 
     Feeling embarrassed over being chastised and put in her place, Kimberly spent the rest of the ride back to Burveton in absolute silence. 

                           ****

     That night when Julie was sound asleep, she almost immediately began having a nightmare. Not coming as one bit of a surprise she saw herself placed in the pumpkin patch in which she visited only a few short hours ago. Right away Julie became alarmed by the sound of rustling from somewhere in the pumpkin patch. Hearing this Julie suddenly remembered the utterly BS story Kimberly told her; filling her with absolute terror. The next thing Julie knew she was stricken with was a horrendous shearing pain directly invading the center of her brain. All of a sudden, Julie heard the words “who are you, become implanted in her brain.  
     Never having experienced anything like this before Julie automatically felt an icy cold chill streak through every portion of her body. On top of this she now noticed the rustling within the pumpkin patch had grown a hundred times louder. Utter terror now came to grip her tightly with its grasp as the story Kimberly had taunted her with earlier in the day now made its way back to her. 
     Tightening up considerably, Julie prepared to come face to face with the absolute worst; but this was not to be. What exactly she saw when the source behind the rustling emerged from the pumpkin patch, was not a freakish family of pumpkin headed people, but rather none other than Kimberly herself. However before Julie had a chance to get to the bottom of just how and why her friend had managed to reside within the confines of her dream-nightmare world-

                       ****

     She woke up with a sudden jolt. 
     Remaining in bed, Julie became increasingly aware as each second elapsed into minutes, she was developing a deep desire to discover the mystery of just how exactly it was Kimberly had managed to invade her dream like she did. 
                         ****

     By the time Julie reached the Edward A. Freeman elementary school, she was rushing to the pair of lockers they shared, placed side by side next to each other to reach Kimberly and find out why.
     “I know what you want to know,” Kimberly said just as soon as she reached her. “Come on let’s go talk in the privacy of a bathroom.”

                           ****

     “I suppose you want an explanation as to why I happened to end up in your dream,” Kimberly asked once they entered a bathroom, finding it vacant of life. . 
     “Yeah it’s pretty much what I want to know,” Julie said. 
     “Julie to tell you the absolute truth, I can’t really give you an answer to it. All I can say is that the mind works in mysterious ways. “So can you keep this a secret between us?”
     “We wouldn’t be best friends if I said no to you and that,” Julie replied. 
     “Thanks Julie,” Kimberly said.

     And she had kept what Kimberly could do an absolute secret. 

                         ****

     On the day Kimberly vanished, nothing indicated to Julie it was going to happen. 
     It was while she and her best friend met up for lunch the cafeteria, her best friend informed her she would be a little late in meeting up with them. The reason behind this she had to talk with Coach Janice Thomson about something. 
     “All right,” she responded to this. “But right after your little meeting with Coach Thomson, get on over to my bed bedroom without delay.” 
     “Yeah sure I promise,” Kimberly answered. 
 
                           ****       

      The rest of the day went by, much to Julie’s aggravation quite incredibly slow; and not once did she see Kimberly. But eventually the last bell of the day went off, and Julie departed from Madison Senior High as quickly as possible.  Thinking she would see her best friend when she arrived in her bedroom.  
     And within thirty minutes of arriving in her bedroom, Kimberly did the same.
     “Sorry I’m late,” Kimberly said just as soon as she made her entrance into the bedroom.
     “Hey don’t worry about it I’m just glad you showed up at all,” Julie replied.
     During the hour the decision for them to go trick or treating one last time was made. And then Julie watched Kimberly exit her bedroom and disappear from her life.

                          ****

     It was before nightfall that Burveton Police Chief Michael Clarkson appeared right outside Julie’s front door to ask her about the last time she saw Kimberly that afternoon, that she never made it home; and what emotional condition she was in.
     “She seemed perfectly fine,” Julie answered him as she stepped out onto the porch; feeling strong nervousness over her best friend being missing; almost to the point of wanting to cry. “Kimberly and I were just discussing our plans to go trick or treating one last time. Please you have to find her.”
     “Mrs. Masters told me the same thing, and you have my guarantee on it,” Police Chief Clarkson replied. 
     Stepping back into the living room, Julie saws her parents Emily and James standing positioned a few inches away from the front door she just ventured through; utter concern present on their faces.
     “Are you going to be all right Julie honey?” Emily asked. “Did Kimberly tell you any problems she might have been going through to make or cause her to disappear?” 
     “No of course she didn’t,” Julie cried out. “All Kimberly and I were discussing was our plans to go trick or treating one last time. I swear if something horrible has occurred to her, I don’t know how I’m going to survive.”
     “Well don’t worry Julie,” her father said. “I’m sure Kimberly will turn up just safe and sound.” 
     “Yeah I really do hope so Dad,” Julie responded, somewhat unbelievably. 

                            ****

     When Julie fell asleep that night after spending a long period of time crying her eyes out; she almost immediately began to dream. Only this dream was like none other she had experienced before. In it, Julie saw herself walking down Seventh Ave and Zaine Street in an effort to reach Kimberly’s house. Heading towards in a casual manner, Julie became aware she needed to pass by an old, decrepit field. Damn it! Julie thought in angry as she walked through this dream world. Why the hell did Kimberly and her parents have to reside in such a complete out of the way section of Burveton? But the Masters family did of course, and there pretty much wasn’t anything she could do about it. 
 
     Julie was virtually one second away from the pitch black, spooky looking field; seeing it was long abandoned and no longer illuminated by mechanical, man-made lights. Hell even the moon seemed afraid to light up this particular spot. She became instilled with a tremendous amount of unsheathed, trembling fear, bringing her heart to palpitate rapidly; this as a result of the sudden rustling of the presumed brown, aging foliage. But this was only the calm before the storm, as the clouds overhead departed from their blockade of the moon’s bright light; filling her eyes with a most horrifying sight. What exactly this terror entailed was Julie, much to her absolute shock and disbelief, coming to see none other than Kimberly herself being held against her will by an all too apparent entity made up of absolute blackness; this reminding Julie wholeheartedly of the cold, dank, airless darkness of space. However, before she had a chance to react to this abnormal vision of the mind, Julie was awakened from her quite uncomfortable slumber; keeping her head remained on the pillow. 

                          ****

     As the days grew into weeks and into months; a full-scale search commenced throughout the town as well as its adjacent areas. 
     Despite the massive manhunt, compiled by both Burveton’s police department and Burveton’s citizens, Julie had contemplated revealing her nightmare. But at the last second, she became plagued with the thought she might be tagged as some sort of demented weirdo. 

                          ****

     By the time a full year had passed following Kimberly vanishing, all hope was gone she would ever be seen again. 
     It was during this year long time period, Julie experienced the worst time ever in her life. Constantly feeling depressed and miserable, refusing to try and make new friends, or socialize with peers her age; preferring to spend her afternoons along hiding in her bedroom.  Her parents had suggested therapy might help her situation, but she informed them she didn’t want any rumors being spread around she was a whack-job head case.     
               
                             ****     

     As Julie was walking home from school, the only thing she really did, she decided to go see how her long missing best friend’s parents were doing. 
     Ever since Kimberly’s unexpected vanishing and her severely depressed state, Julie avoided the Master’s and their out of the way home at all costs.
     Making this decision, Julie became aware the sky above her head had started converting into a golden starry blanket of blackness, despite this she continued venturing on to her intended destination. Travelling onward, Julie became aware she was nearing the abandoned field. But with her deciding to meet up with Tim and Joyce for the first time in a year, Julie wasn’t about to allow fear of this place stop her from doing so. 

                           


                          ****

     As Julie was heading through the field, she felt a brief, throbbing pain shooting through her brain. This was a tremendous surprise to her, for it certainly meant despite a year passing, Kimberly was still alive and breathing somewhere. She attempted to use her strange mind power to try and contact her, but a second later, pain flooded her brain double-fold, as now Kimberly’s voice invaded her mind; screaming out in a loud, shrill voice   
     “Julie please you have to help me!” 
     “Where are you Kimberly?” Julie formed in her mind in response to her long missing friend’s cry for help. Unfortunately after waiting and standing in place for a reply from Kimberly, Julie only received only her own thoughts in her head. 
     Quickly dashing away her incredulous fear of the field, Julie rushed as fast as she possibly could to the Master’s residence to alert them Kimberly was still alive and breathing somewhere. 
     As Julie was running toward it, she suddenly became plagued with a certain the dreaded thought. That Kimberly, and Julie shuddered to think of this possibility, might be kept against her will by some disgusting, can’t get a date with a woman his own age if his life depended on her, pedophile. 

                          ****

     Arriving at the Master’s residence, she became aware both Tim and Joyce’s vehicles parked in the driveway, Quickly rushing up the short flight of stairs, Julie madly pounded away at the front door. 
     In about a minute, the front door was unlocked and opened. What Julie saw when this was done, was quite the opposite of what she was expecting. What she did see, was much to her eye bulging shock and dismay, was Tim Masters standing facing her, a revolver pointed directly at her. 
     “I knew the bitch I stole and now call daughter’s retarded mind power would come to no damn good someday,” the armed father said in anger. “Now get the heck inside, so I can figure out what the hell to do with you, you nosy little bitch.” 

                             ****

     Now inside the living room of the Master’s house, Julie was hit full blast with the horrendous sight of Kimberly tied to a cheaply constructed wooden chair. Her wrists bound to its arms, her ankles tied tightly to the front two legs, Joyce seated petrified on the sofa. 
     “Kimberly!” Julie blurted out in a high, shrill voice, not wasting a single moment in starting to rush toward her long missing best friend.   
     However Julie wasn’t able to get but a couple seconds forward, courtesy of Tim proceeding to block her path; pointing the revolver in the direction of her face. 
     “No not so fast,” Tim said in anger. “Now just sit your ass the hell down next to my loving wife. 
     Being just fifteen, there was little to nothing she could do except oblige Tim’s demand. 
     “Now I suppose you want some sort of explanation as to what this is all about,” Tim said in a calm, composed manner, sitting between Julie and his wife. “It just so happens prior to moving to this happy little Illinois community, my wife Joyce and I were employed at a top secret underground military base. This base is where exceptional human beings, or to put it in more straightforward terms, people with superpowers, are being manufactured to become U.S. Military soldiers. And my wife and I, being utter, stupid, idiots, became attached to one of these, a little girl.” 
     “Kimberly,” Julie said in a slight shocked voice. 
     “In actuality,” Tim replied quite casually, “her name is simply # 2041.” 
     “No,” Julie replied shaking herself free of the initial shock of being informed of this. “It doesn’t matter if Kimberly's birth took place in some U.S. Military lab, she’s a human being and my best friend who I missed so much and spent the year being depressed over.” 
     Hearing this of course angered the armed father, who immediately leapt off the sofa as if his life depended on it. 
     “I’m not surprised a bit about having those words fill my ears,” Tim said. “But enough with it, it’s time to put an end to all this. 
     As Tim began to move toward a fully defenseless Kimberly to no doubt deliver the killing shot to her, Julie felt a sense of dread over the exact possibility she was about to lay her eyes upon witnessing a murder for the first time. Not to mention once again lose her best friend, this time for good. However before Tim had a chance to deliver the killing shot to the bound up girl, Joyce sprung into immediate action, tripping her husband, causing him to land hard onto the carpeted floor below. Quick as a flash, Joyce was jumping off the sofa onto her feet, rapidly grabbing up the revolver. 
     “No! I won’t allow you to kill our daughter!” Joyce screamed out. 
    “What the hell are you doing?” Tim raged. “That thing is nothing but a damn freak science experiment!”    
     “No she’s not...she’s...” 
     This was as far as Joyce was able to get, as without warning, Tim wildly jumped up, startling her. Causing her to accidently fatally shooting him in the chest.
     “Stupid bitch,” were the last words Tim spoke as his life expired. 

                          ****

     “Do you really have to leave?” Julie asked a few days after the shooting and trick or treating for the last time. “I mean, there’s no problem with your father’s death, given Police Chief Clarkson believes your mother was acting in self-defense trying to protect him from killing you. And besides that, my life is going to really suck without you in it.”
     “If we stay here, sooner or later, agents of the U.S. Military are going to find me and forcibly take me back,” Kimberly replied, slight sadness present in her voice. 
     “Yeah, we’ll I’m sure going to miss you,” Julie then said, feeling tears starting to well up in her eyes. 
     “Likewise,” Kimberly replied, tears also starting to develop in her hazel brown eyes. 
     “Julie if it’ll make you feel any better, I promise to write you nearly every day when my mom and I get to where we’re going.”
     “Yeah you’d better do that,” Julie replied.

                           ****

     A few minutes later, Julie watched silently as Joyce and Kimberly drove away, wondering if she would ever see them again. 

                            ****

     Letter postmarked November 19th, 2004 
 
     Hey Julie, I just thought I’d write and guess what, I’m doing all right! I know you can keep a secret, so I’m going to tell you where I am, Darkwood, Massachusetts. Guess what, I met the most incredible guy. Rick Evans-Zolkowski while I was roaming through a town grocery store, Mel and Johns. His parents are dead, and he’s being raised by who he says is his Mom’s best friend. Her name is Gabrielle Milton, and age hasn’t looked down upon her, despite her getting on in years. She’s tall and gorgeous, and if she wanted to, she could become a fashion model. The only thing, when I met her, Gabrielle acted all nervous, like someone or something is after her. Well, even if I don’t write again remember we’ll be best friends forever. 
     Kimberly Masters.

Mindy
By Kim Stevens
©2014 by Kim Stevens

Standing in the girls’ restroom, I was washing my hands when the door suddenly flung open. “Oh, hey, Mindy!” my best friend, Scarlett, said, stumbling to the vanity. As the door slowly closed, I saw the flash of a red-and-white Letter jacket. 
I smiled. “Hey.” I watched as she gathered her hair into a side ponytail. “What were you up to?” 
Scarlett smirked. “Ah, I was…studying?”
I shook my head, leaving the restroom. 
Wandering the halls of Ravenswood high, I noticed several colorful banners announcing an upcoming football game between our Ravens and the neighboring football team, Hudson Hellhounds. 
Pulling my locker door open, I smile, taking in a handful of photographs: my very first cheerleading session, my squad, and me cuddling with my boyfriend, Josh. I was the Captain of the Black Ravens and Josh was the hottest quarterback in school. 
Seeing girls gazing at me around school made me feel like high school royalty. My life was perfect. My friends were there for me. And my boyfriend loved me. I felt invincible. 
“Mindy,” Scarlett said at my side. “What were you doing?”
“Nothing.” she moved her gaze into my locker, eyes narrowing, taking in the photo of me and Josh. I thought I knew Scarlett like I knew myself but her expression baffled me. 
Turning from my locker, I felt someone bump into me. Stumbling back into the metal lockers, I heard Scarlett yelling at someone. “Why don’t you watch where you’re going, Nerd Boy!” she stepped closer to a gangly boy wearing a Green Lantern T-shirt. He flinched back. 
“Scarlett, it’s okay.” I hurry over, touching her shoulder. “No harm done,” I add, meeting his timid amber gaze. Scarlett growled sending the boy skittering away. 
“Nerds should be transferred to another school,” she fumed. 
Before I could utter a word, I saw Scarlett’s demeanor change. Following her gaze, I saw Josh striding down the hall wearing his Letter jacket. 
“Hello, ladies,” he said, pecking me on the lips. “Did I startle you, babe?” I smiled. 
“Hey, Josh,” Scarlett purred.
“Hey,” Josh said, eyes locked on my face. “What have you been up to?”
“Trying to avoid the Nerd plague,” Scarlett butted in. Josh turned his eyes to my best friend. 
“What happened?” he wrapped his arm around my shoulders; Scarlett’s expression darkened. 
“Nothing…” I started, but trailed off when Scarlett stormed off. 
“Were you hurt?” Josh asked, unfazed. 
I shook my head, confused by Scarlett’s attitude. Josh kissed my cheek, mumbling something about seeing me at lunch. As I watched him stride down the hallway, I noticed that every girl’s jaw dropped as he passed. 

Ambling toward the cafeteria, I heard a stampede behind me. Turning, I stepped towards the wall as a group of girls ran past. I was about to carry on to the cafeteria when a boy with acne rushed up to me. 
“There’s a fight,” he excitedly shouted, “at the chem. labs.” He sped down the hall hollering about the fight. Abandoning my thought of lunch, I head towards the chem. labs. 
Sunlight spilled through the bay windows, painting the floor in vibrant oranges and golden yellows. The same brilliant colors were highlighting the mass of cheering people ahead of me. 
“Fight! Fight! Fight!” the crowd chanted as I pushed my way to the middle; I see Josh facing off with the boy from earlier. 
“You think you can hit my girlfriend and get away with it?” Josh growled, stabbing the boy’s Green Lantern shirt. “You’re a nerd. Nerd’s don’t belong here in Ravenswood, they don’t belong anywhere.” When Josh shoved the boy, the crowd went wild with cheers and high-fives. 
“What are you doing?” I demanded, going over to Josh who was soaking up the attention. 
“I’m getting revenge for you, babe,” he boasted. 
“I don’t need revenge.” I spot Scarlett standing on the fringe of the crowd, smirking. Josh, leave it.”
Josh shoved the by again, sending him into the wall. “He needed to be taught a lesson,” he said. “He’s lucky I don’t kick his ass.” The crowd roared with laughter. 
“Come on, Josh, let him go.” I touch his arm.
“He needs a lesson,” Scarlett spat from the sideline. 
“He’s learnt his lesson,” I murmured. 
Josh looked at me, a sexy smile on his lips. “I was doing this for you.”
I shook my head. “I would never ask you to attack another person,” I answer, glaring at Scarlett. 
Josh’s smile vanished, “don’t embarrass me, Mindy,” he warned. “Everyone’s watching.” 
I shot him a disgusted look before turning to the boy in the Green Lantern T-shirt. “Are you okay?” he’s wary and hesitantly nods, eyes darting from me to Josh. 
“Mindy?” Josh touched my shoulder. 
I jerked away. “I’ll see you later, Josh.”
After the crowd dispersed, I stepped back, giving the boy some room. “I’m sorry…are you really okay?” 
He nodded. “I-I’m fine.” His cheeks flushed crimson. “I-I’m Cu-Cuthbert.” A small awkward smile surfaced.
“It’s nice to meet you, Cuthbert,” I said. “Josh shouldn’t have done that.”
Cuthbert shrugged. “I-It’s not the f-first time.”
“What?” I frown. 
“Ah, Cuthbert?” a shy voice sounded from my left. When I turned, I saw a tall male and a shorter male timidly approaching. “Sorry to interrupt, but we have a chess game.” The taller one had bright red braces on his teeth and coke-bottle glasses. 
Cuthbert gave a short nod, stepping toward his friends who were eyeing my curiously. The shorter male removed an inhaler, taking two shots. “I’m Jed and this is Zachariah,” he said, boldly. 
“Hello,” I said, glancing at Cuthbert. “I won’t keep you from your chess game.”
As the boys hurried away, Cuthbert started to follow, but turned, giving me a smile that warmed me. 
The cafeteria was buzzing with gossip as I stepped through the doors. I made my way towards my friends sitting at a table in the back corner. They were discussing the confrontation between Josh and Cuthbert. 
“Where you been, girl?” Caycee asked, running her fingers through Gabe’s, hair. 
“I was talking to a friend.” Josh mumbled under his breath as I sat beside him. When my cell rang, I pull it out of my pocket. “Hello?” I answer, turning my back to my friends. 
“Mindy, I need you to baby sit.”
“But I have to prac-” I started before Mom cut me off. 
“Your brother’s more important than shaking pompoms,” she said harshly. “I won’t be home until late, so don’t wait up.”
Sliding the phone into my pocket, I face my friends. “Sorry guys, but I can’t make it to practise after school.” Caycee smiled sympathetically. “Caycee and AshLee’ll have to run the practise.” Flicking my eyes to Scarlett, I catch her smirking at me. 
“Have you bought a dress for the Prom yet?” Caycee asked.
“No, I haven’t.” I lean forward in my seat. “I haven’t even thought about it.”
“It’s a week away!” Tierra cried. “I’ve had a dress on order since the first day of school.”
“I need my girls’ help to pick a dress,” Caycee said. AshLee and Tierra squealed with delight. I laughed. 
“So do I,” Scarlett added, twisting a lock of hair around a finger.
“You could turn up in your birthday suit, you’d look gorgeous,” Josh said, winking at Scarlett. 
Caycee looked at me, raising an eyebrow. I shrugged in response. As the others discussed the Prom, I felt hurt as Josh and Scarlett flirted in front of me. 
“Mindy, are you coming to find a dress for Caycee?” Tierra asked.
“Sorry, bit I have to baby sit,” I answer. 
“You’ll be coming to my game, right, babe?” Josh asked, leaning closer to me.
I jerked away, cringing inside. “I’ll try.” Scarlett huffed from across the table as the bell rang. “Caycee and Tierra will lead the Black Ravens on Saturday night.”
~~~~
When I was bombarded by a small person jumping on me, I open my eyes to see my little brother grinning down at me. 
“What are you doing, monster?” I grab him, hugging him tightly. 
“Nothing,” Morgan replied wiggling. “Let me go!”
When he starts jumping again, I groan. “Go away, Morgan.”
“No!” he shouted, collapsing on me; his head missing mine by inches. “I’m hungry.”
Stumbling into the kitchen, Mom’s perfume lingered in the air, signalling that she had already left for work. 
“Why does Momma have to work on the weekend?” Morgan asked, sitting on the couch. 
“Because she’s good at what she does,” I tell him, collecting his breakfast. “I’m going to have a shower.” Morgan nodded, his attention locked on the cartoons. 

After dropping Morgan at our neighbors, I head down the street towards my favourite comic book store: Komiks. Ambling along the sidewalk, I take in the action figurines, superhero T-shirts and sci-fi posters displayed in the windows. 
Stepping inside, I spot the owner, Jerry, arranging a stand of collector cards on the end of his glass counter. “Hi, Mindy, how are you?”
“I’m good, Jerry. You?”
“Good,” he said. “What can I do for you?”
“I’m here to buy a gift for Morgan.” 
Snaking my way towards the back of the store, I stop at a large wooden display box hidden in the corner with shelves of Hello Kitty figurines. Standing at one end of the box, I finger-walk across the different titles. I was halfway through the first row when I heard someone approach. Moving onto the second row, I spot the comic I was searching for. 
Reaching out to grab it, I see fingers reaching across at the same time, claiming it before I did. As the Spiderman comic exits the box, I look up to see who the fingers belonged to. 
“Hey, I...” I trail off as a familiar face entered my line of sight. “Oh, hi.”
Cuthbert’s cheeks are crimson as he holds the comic. “H-Hello,” he murmured, eyes darting around. 
“I’m Mindy.”
“I k-know your name,” he stuttered. 
I raised my eyebrows.
“Are you a Spiderman fan?” he asked, glancing at the comic in his hand. 
“No, my brother is. I’m into Green Lantern.”
Cuthbert’s amber eyes lit up. “Me too! I have the whole collection” he held out the comic. “Your brother should have this. I’ve already read it.”
“Thank you.” I took the comic, smiling. 
He gave a small smile in return. “I h-have some Spiderman comic’s t-that your brother can have.”
“He’d love that,” I say as Cuthbert met my eyes. 
“Y-You should bring him over.”
“I will. Morgan’ll love it. Thank you.”
Cuthbert glanced at the comics then turned, walking away. 
After purchasing the Spiderman comic, I was about to walk home when I saw Tierra, Caycee, AshLee, and Scarlett coming towards me. “Hi. What are you girls doing here?” I asked. 
“We’re going to Patsy’s. Wanna come?” Cayee said. 
“Sure,” I reply, joining my friends. 
Patsy’s Diner looked like a 1960’s hangout: table jukeboxes, red-and-white booths, retro menus, and waitresses with beehives. It was a popular place for Ravenswood students and local families. 
As the waitress left with our orders, AshLee sighed heavily. “I wish I could eat Chilli Fries like you two,” she said, frowning at Caycee and me. “But I have to hit the gym four times a week to fit into my Prom dress.”
Caycee and I grin in response. 
“What’s the theme for Prom?” Tierra asked as our drinks were delivered. 
“I heard it’s going to be Fairytales,” Caycee replied, stirring her chocolate shake with the straw. 
“Are you sure you can’t come with us?” AshLee asked.
“I have to baby sit,” I fibbed, keeping the truth to myself: I couldn’t afford a dress. 
“We’re going dress shopping tonight,” Scarlett piped up. “I’m sure we’ll take lots of photos for you to look at.” She smirked as out meals were brought over. 
I ate my Chilli Fries as the others looked from me to Scarlett. No one spoke as we ate. 
Wiping my mouth on the napkin, I say, “I’m looking forward to seeing the photos.” I hold Scarlett’s gaze for a minute making her frown. “I better get going.” I ate a few more fries, and then shuffled out of the booth. “I’ll see you later.”

Changing Morgan’s T-shirt, I ruffle his hair making him giggle. “Why ‘em I putting on a clean shirt for?” 
“Because we’re visiting a friend,” I told him. “He wants to show you his comic collection.” 
“Is it Josh?”
“No, but I know him from school. His name’s Cuthbert.” As we leave the house, I say, “You have to be on your best behavior.” I glance down to see him nodding. 
“Do you think Cuthbert will let me read his comics?” Morgan asked as we approached a one-story brick house with a welcome sign on the door. 
“You’ll have to ask him.” I knocked, and heard a woman call out. 
“Hello? Can I help you?” she opened the door, wiping her hands on a tea towel. 
“Um, hi, I’m Mindy…I live across the street.” I pointed at my house. “This is Morgan. Cuthbert asked us over.” the woman looked surprised. 
“My Cuthbert?” she sounded dumbfounded. “Cuthbert, you have visitors,” she called out. “Please, come in.”
Entering the house, I saw a living room to my right and a hall to my left. At the end of the hallway a door opened and Cuthbert stepped out, freezing, before taking a deep breath and coming toward us. 
“Cuthbert, Mindy and Morgan came to see you.” she looked at her son then glanced at me. “I’ll let you kids’ hangout.” 
When his mom walked away, Cuthbert rolled his eyes making me smile. “My room’s down here,” he said. “Sorry about my mom. She doesn’t think I have friends…normal friends.” He stepped into the end room. 
“What about Jed and Zachariah?”
Cuthbert gave a deep chuckle, surprising me. “They’re nerds, like me,” he answered, joining Morgan at a bookcase full of comics and action hero figurines. 
“You aren’t stuttering,” I said. Cuthbert looked at me, stunned. 
He took a moment to mull it over. “I guess it’s because you’re on my turf now.” He smiled, but I saw the shy Cuthbert slightly surface. 
“Wow!” I scanned hundreds of neatly stacked comics. Several glass cases held mint-condition comic books. “You have the very first Superman comic.”
“I’ve been c-collecting for y-years.” I peeked at Cuthbert to see him blushing. 
“I love Spidy,” Morgan piped up. Looking around, I saw him kneeling beside a box full of comic books. 
Cuthbert went and sat beside him. “These are for you, Morgan.” He placed a hand on the edge of the box. 
My brother’s face lit up. “Really?”
Cuthbert looked up at me so I mouthed, ‘Thank you’, then smiled. 
Wandering down the hall, I found Cuthbert’s mother standing in a wood-and-marble kitchen, flicking through a cookbook. As I approach, she looks up, smiling. “Would you like a drink?”
“No, thank you.” I slid onto a stool. 
“You’re a friend of Cuthbert’s?”
I nod. “Yes, Ma’am.”
She smiled. “Please, call me Wendy.” She closed the cookbook. “The Prom’s coming up, isn’t it?”
I nodded.
“Are you excited?” Wendy asked. 
I shrugged. 
“Have you got a dress? A date?”
I smiled at her directness. “No on the dress. Yes on the date.”
Wendy nodded. “Sadly, Cuthbert isn’t going.”
“Why?” I asked, surprised. 
“He’s a…geek. No one has asked him,” she said. “Would you and Morgan like to stay for dinner?”
“We’d love too,” I say. “Can I help with anything?”
“Nope, you sit there and tell me why you haven’t got a dress.” She gathered ingredients for dinner, placing them on the bench in front of me. 
“I can’t afford a Prom dress,” I tell her truthfully, looking at my hands. I was grateful when Wendy didn’t ask questions. 
After dinner, I went to help Wendy with the washing up, but saw Morgan dozing at the table. “You should take him home,” Wendy said. 
“Yeah, I will.” I went over and picked Morgan up. “Thank you for dinner, Wendy.” I looked at Cuthbert. “Thank you for the comics. Morgan’ll have fun with those.”
He gave a short nod. “I’ll d-drop them off t-tomorrow.”
I carried Morgan to the front door and saw Cuthbert reach out to open it for me. Glancing over my shoulder, I met amber eyes for a second before stepping into the night. 
Mom was sitting on the couch, talking on her cell, when I entered. She kept her eyes on her microwave dinner, so I put Morgan to bed, and left a note before going to the football game. 
The sky was haloed with fluorescent lights, and the crowds’ cheers could be heard a block away as I made my way to Ravenswood high. Settling on the grassy hill overlooking the field, my heart swelled as I watched the Black Ravens run onto the field, cheering:

Let’s get physical
Get down, get hard, get mean
Let’s get physical
And beat that other team!

When the cheerleading ended, the girls ran off the field, stopping at the sidelines, while padded-up Ravens jogged into the spotlight, enjoying the home-side support. 
Scanning the Ravens team, I spot Josh giving a pep talk; hands waving through the air, body tensed for a battle against the enemy. The atmosphere was electrified as the game started, and soared higher when the Ravens scored a touchdown in the first five minutes. I watched as Josh was slapped on the back before he jogged to the sidelines. My heart sank when he grabbed Scarlett, kissing her openly.
~~~~
Plopping beside Morgan on the couch, I took a bite of toast, watching Sponge Bob Squarepants. As I took another bite, a knock on the door makes me abandon my breakfast; wiping crumbs from my mouth. 
“Hey, babe,” Josh said, grabbing me in his arms and kissing me. He gagged, pulling away. “Oh, gross!”
I swallowed my mouthful of toast. “What are you doing here?” I walk away, leaving him standing on the porch. 
“I thought I’d give you the highlights of the game last night.” Josh leaned on the bench as I sat on a stool. “You missed a mean game.”
I grunt in reply.
“What’s wrong with you?” he demands. “And don’t tell me it’s nothing.”
“I saw you kiss Scarlett,” I say flatly. 
Josh’s eyes flash with anger. “If you were a better girlfriend then I wouldn’t have to look elsewhere,” he snarled. “You should be happy that I paid attention to you for this long.” Before I could respond, he stormed out. 
“Mindy?” Morgan’s voice tugs me out of my anger-whirlpool. “Are you okay?”
I force a smile. “Yeah, I’m okay.” I take a deep breath. “Let’s go to the park.”
Watching my brother on the swing beside me, I drag my sneakers in the dirt.
“I don’t like Josh,” Morgan said. “He’s mean to you.” Grabbing his swings’ chain, I pull him closer to me, and kiss his head while he hangs on for dear life. 
As Morgan played on the Jungle Gym, I sat on the grass, watching him. 
“Hey, Mindy,” AshLee said, plopping down next to me. Tierra and Caycee join us. “Morgan’s getting big.”
“Yeah, he is,” I agreed. 
“Can I show you a photograph of my dress?” Tierra asked. I nodded. She pulled out a photo, handing it to me. “What do you think?”
I took in the strapless, chocolate brown silk dress, cascading to a pool at her feet. “I love this on you.”
Tierra beamed. “I fell in love with it as soon as I saw it.”
“My dress is emerald green with one strap and slit that goes up to here.” Caycee pointed to the middle of her thigh. “Gabe loves it,” she said, grinning. 
“I picked a backless, silver dress and it’s so firm, I have to hold my breath.” AshLee smiled. “Has Josh as-” she was cut off with an elbow to the ribs by Tierra. 
I turned my attention to Morgan on the monkey bars. 
Caycee touched my arm, making me look at her. “I saw Josh kiss Scarlett last night at the game.”
“I did too,” I tell my friends. 
“Oh man, Mindy!” Tierra said disgusted. “She’s meant to be your best friend.” 
“Yeah, well, she can have him.”

Hearing movement in Morgan’s bedroom, I realize it’s Mom when she starts talking to herself. “Morgan, go and watch cartoons.”  
“Why can’t you keep his room clean?” Mom huffs when she spots me in the doorway. “This looks like a war zone.”
“I try, but…” I start, but she cuts me off.
“You don’t try at all! This is a mess!” she threw her arms into the air. “Clean this up!”
“No!” I shot back. “Morgan’s your son, not mine. He’s your responsibility. You’re always at work.”
Mom glared at me. “To keep food on the table!”
“You never see him. We only see you when you’re rushing out the door.”
“We’re busy…”
I shook my head. “I don’t care and neither does Morgan.”
Mom slapped me across the face, screaming, “You ungrateful brat!” she then left the bedroom. 
Taking a minute to blink away the tears, I stalk out of the room, seeing Mom trying to start a conversation with her son. Morgan ran from her to me. I clutched him to my body, meeting Mom’s eyes with a steady gaze. “Don’t make the same mistakes you did with me,” I said calmly. 
Leaving the house, I heard a sound I had never heard before: my mother crying.

Wendy opened the door, and smiled. “Come in.”
“Sorry for coming over unannounced.” I walk past her. 
“Don’t apologize. It’s always nice to see you,” Wendy said. “Would you like a drink?”
“Chockie milk?” Morgan asked. 
Wendy smiled. “I bought some just for you.” she poured chocolate milk into a Spiderman cup as Morgan climbed onto a stool. He excitedly giggled. 
“Is Spiderman your favourite hero?” Wendy asked.
Morgan nodded, eyes fixated on the cup. 
“Would you two like to stay for dinner?”
“We’d love to,” I said after being kicked in the shin by Morgan.
“Great,” she said. “Cuthbert’s in his room, if you want to say hi.”
“Are you alright?” Wendy asked after Morgan disappeared. 
“I had a fight with Mom,” I said. “She’s busy working and I’m raising Morgan.” I shook my head. “Sorry.”
Wendy gently smiled. “It’s good to talk about problems,” she said. “Tell me about your life.”
I looked at my hands. “My dad died years ago,” I whisper. “Mom’s working, so I’m Morgan’s second Mom.”
“He’s lucky to have you.”
I smiled. “Yeah.”
“I lost my husband to cancer, four years ago.”
“I’m sorry, Wendy.”
“It was hard. Cuthbert had an unbreakable bond with his dad.” she wiped a hand over the bench. “No more sad stories.”
Going back to Cuthbert’s room, I spot Morgan on the floor, flicking through a comic. Cuthbert was sitting on the bed, looking up when I appeared in the doorway.
“Is he behaving?” I asked.
Cuthbert nodded. “We’re r-reading about the adventures of Superman.”
“He shoots webs out of his hands,” Morgan said.
“Oh, cool!” I smile down at him.
“W-Would you like to read a c-comic?” Cuthbert asked. 
“Thanks, but I’m going to hangout with your mom.” Cuthbert nodded, slightly smiling in relief. 
“How’s the spaghetti, Morgan?” Wendy asked, watching as my brother shovelled a forkful of dinner into his mouth. 
“Yummy,” he said around his mouthful.
“Morgan,” I hissed. Wendy laughed. 
“It’s Cuthbert’s favourite meal,” Wendy said. Flicking my eyes across the table, I saw Cuthbert blushing.
“Are you sure I can’t help with the dishes?” Wendy asked as I stacked dishes on the drainer. “I don’t mind.”
I looked over my shoulder. “You cooked, so you don’t do the washing-up.” Wendy smiled. 
Stacking the last plate, I heard someone come into the kitchen. 
“Oh, you’re washing up,” Cuthbert said, watching me.
“Yep, but you can dry.” Cuthbert and I looked at Wendy as she laughed. 
“Oh, you should see your face, Cuthbert,” she said between giggles. “It’s priceless.” I smiled as Cuthbert grabbed a tea towel. “I’ll go see what Morgan’s doing.” 
“Sorry,” I said after Wendy walked away. 
“N-No problem,” he replied. “This is for you.” he held out his hand; a Green Lantern ring lying on his palm. 
“For me?” I wiped my hand, picking up the green and silver ring. “Thank you,” I whispered. 
“Welcome.” He watched as I slipped it on my finger. When our gaze met, he smiled. 
~~~~
Sitting in the cafeteria; it felt natural being with Cuthbert as he compared Spiderman movies. As I listened, nodding when appropriate, I noticed that his stuttering had disappeared. 
“I think Tobey Maguire was a good Spiderman, but…” he trailed off, staring over my shoulder.
“Cuthbert?”
“Hey, babe, I’ve been looking for you,” Josh said. “Move, Nerd Boy!” he shoved Cuthbert who stumbled to his feet. 
“Josh, that’s not nice!” I go to see if Cuthbert’s all right, but he gave a quick shake of his head. 
Josh shrugged, taking the vacated seat. “What?”
I shook my head. “You’re a bully, Josh. You pick on people to make yourself look good,” I say, feeling eyes on me. 
“You’d rather spend time with Nerd Boy than with me?” he stood, kicking the chair back. 
“I’d rather spend time with a person whose kind, respecting, and who’d never cheat with my best friend,” I said firmly. “You can have Scarlett.” 
Josh’s eyes flared with anger. 
“I’m with Cuthbert.” As Josh stormed away, I felt my body relax. “Are you all right?” I looked at Cuthbert who nodded. 
“I’m sorry about that.” I sat down, holding my head in my hands. “I shouldn’t have dragged you into this.” I look up and see Cuthbert watching me closely. 
“It’s going to a-affect you more,” he said in a gentle tone. “You’re a ch-cheerleader…an important person in this school. Me? I’m just a b-body filling a chair.” his smile warmed me. “Do you want to leave?”
I shook my head. “No, why should we hide our friendship?” 
Dumping my books into my locker, I heard footsteps behind me. When I turn, Caycee smiled before hugging me tightly. 
“Why didn’t you come to me, Mindy?” Gabe asked. “I would’ve sorted Josh out.”
I smiled, closing my locker. “Thanks, but he was my problem.”
“If he gives you anymore trouble, then let us know,” Caycee said. “That goes for Scarlett, too.”
I nodded. “I will.”
“This Cuthbert guy, he’s good to you?” Caycee asked, serious. 
“He’s very nice.” I laughed. The smile slowly vanishes as the Black Ravens squad came towards us. I saw Caycee frown as the girls circled us; Scarlett at the helm. 
“We’ve voted and you’re off the squad,” Scarlett declared. “We want your uniform before the end of school.”
“You voted without me?” I crossed my arms, noticing that Tierra and AshLee were absent. “Is this because you’ve been cheating with Josh?”
Scarlett scowled. “No! It’s because you’re a bad Captain.”
I smirked. “Bad? Really?”
Scarlett opened her mouth, but closed it as Caycee stepped forward. “We’re there for each other; we watch each other’s backs because we’re a sisterhood. We don’t cheat and we don’t steal from each other,” she said firmly. “The one who needs to hand in her uniform, Scarlett, is you.”
I was speechless as my squad moved behind me, leaving Scarlett alone.
“I’ll give you until the end of school to hand in your uniform,” I said calmly. Scarlett scowled before stalking off down the hall.
“We’ve got you back, Captain,” Caycee said, grinning.
When school ended, Scarlett came up to me, cheerleader uniform folded in her hands, eyes red-rimmed. 
I took the red-and-white uniform. “He’ll use you.”
“No he won’t,” she said defensively. 
“You really believe that, don’t you?” I shook my head. “We were friends Scarlett, and you meant more to me that anyone.” I walked past her. 

“What about this one?” Cuthbert asked, holding up a Green Lantern comic. We were now in Komiks, browsing through shelves of comics.
I looked up, smiled. “I have that one.”
“How did Morgan like the comics?” 
“He loves them. You’re his new idol.”
Cuthbert chuckled. “What are you up to now?”
I frowned. “Ah, not sure. Morgan’s with the neighbors, so I guess I have some free time.” 
Cuthbert cleared his throat. “M-Mindy, would you, ah, like to, um, go to the, ah…” he swallowed hard, staring at the floor. 
“Cuthbert, you can ask me anything.”
He met my eyes. “Okay…” he took a deep breath. “Wouldyouliketogotothemovieswithme?” he asked in a rush. 
I grinned. “I’d love too.”
“Y-You can pick,” he said, relieved.
“The Amazing Spiderman 2: Rise of Electro movie is a must-see,” I said. Cuthbert grinned. 
Entering the cinema, I feel Cuthbert tense at the sight of Ravenswood students milling in the foyer. “Ignore them,” I whisper, touching his arm.
After Cuthbert paid for our tickets, we turned to go to the confectionary stand. I tensed as Josh strutted into the cinema, a tall blond girl hanging off his arm. 
“Mindy, we can leave if you want,” Cuthbert whispered. His hand touched my arm when I didn’t answer. 
I was about to look away when Josh glanced over. His eyes grabbed mine as he smirked. He pulled the blond closer, whispering in to her ear. When she turned toward me, smirking, my eyes narrowed. Without thinking, I turned to Cuthbert, grabbing him around the neck and pushing my mouth onto his. Cuthbert froze as I kissed him. 
Pulling away, I avoid his eyes. “I’m so sorry,” I whisper, running out of the cinema. 
As Cuthbert walked home from the movies, he heard footsteps behind him. Glancing around, he saw a tall female smiling at him. “Hey, Cuthbert,” she said. “I’m Caycee; a good friend of Mindy’s.”
Cuthbert blinked in surprise. “Ah, hi?”
Caycee took in his loafers, Superman T-shirt and black-and-white trousers. “Hmm…I think I came just in time.” before Cuthbert could make a sound, she began talking again. “I want to give you a makeover.”
“A wh-what?”
“C’mon, it’ll be fun,” Caycee said. “Mindy’ll be so surprised.” Cuthbert followed Caycee, hoping the makeover didn’t include waxing or plucking.
Caycee shoved him into a chair before disappearing into an ensuite. Cuthbert listened to her moving around while his eyes wandered over a Black Ravens squad photograph and a red-and-white pompom handing on the wall. 
“All right,” Caycee said. “Have you ever thought of straightening these unruly curls?” she brushed her fingers through his hair, making Cuthbert jump. “Relax, Cuthbert. How long have you had feelings for Mindy?”
“What?” Cuthbert blurted out.
“You can’t hide it. You look at her like she’s the only girl in the world,” she said. “I think it’s sweet. It’s a shame not every girl has a knight like you.” Caycee ran her fingers through his hair then went back into the ensuite; coming out with a hair straightener. “Don’t worry, Cuthbert, this won’t hurt a bit.” 
~~~~
Blinding sunlight filled my room as I pulled the covers over my head, hoping a huge black hole would come and swallow me up. The memory of kissing Cuthbert at the movies made me groan. 
“Mindy!” Morgan called, thundering into my room. He flung himself onto the bed. “Mindy, wake up!”
Throwing the covers off, I grab him, cradling him to my side. “You’re monster,” I growled. 
Morgan giggled. “You’re a monster.” He squirmed. “Can I have my present now?”
“What present?”
“My birthday present!” he cried. 
I widened my eyes, acting shocked. “Oh, no! I totally forgot.” Morgan’s bottom lip dropped as he crossed his arms. Grabbing him, I cover his face in kisses. “I can never forget your birthday,” I say between kissing attacks. “I tricked you!” Morgan flung his arms around my neck, hugging me. 
“Love you, Mindy,” he whispered.
“Not as much as I love you.” I kissed his rumpled hair. “What about hotcakes for a birthday breakfast?” my brother nodded, licking his lips. 
Pulling out a navy wrapped box and the Spiderman comic wrapped in lime green paper, I carry them into the kitchen where Morgan’s waiting. “This one’s from Mom.”
Morgan tore the paper off in seconds. “Oh, wow!” he gasped, uncovering a box of Lego.
“Now you can build stuff.”
“Yeah,” Morgan said. “Can you help me?”
I smiled. “You try and stop me.” I place the lime present on the table. “This is from me.”
Morgan ripped the paper off, bouncing excitedly. “Spiderman!” he hugged the comic to his chest. “I love Spidy.”
“Do you like it?”
Morgan nodded. “I looove it!” he climbed into a stool and started to read his Spiderman adventure. 
“I’m leaving now,” Mom said. “I don’t know what time I’ll be home.” After checking her cell, she turned to her son. “What do you have there?”
Morgan grinned at her. “Mindy gave me Spiderman.”
“Oh?” Mom glanced at me for an answer. 
“You gave Morgan Lego for his birthday, remember?” my heart fell at the thought of this woman not caring about her son. “For his sixth birthday.”
Mom nodded. “Happy birthday, Morgan.” She kissed his head before disappearing out the door, dialling a number on her cell. 
Going over to Morgan, I kneel down, hugging him tightly. “Blueberries or chocolate?” I kiss his forehead.
“Both?” Morgan whispered. 
“You got it, Birthday Boy!”
After dropping Morgan at out neighbors, I walked to Komiks, wanting to avoid anyone from Ravenswood high. “Last I knew, it was a school day,” Jerry said as I entered. 
“I’m ditching,” I told him. “If you won’t tell, I won’t.”
“I’ve never been one for chasing away customers.” He chuckled. 
As Jerry sorted through comics, I headed toward several comfy armchairs and sank into one while King Kong and Superman looked down at me from their framed posters. Closing my eyes, I was soon bombarded with images of Cuthbert. Feeling myself relax, the last snapshot I had was of us kissing, before sleep swept me up. 
~~~~
Entering Ravenswood high the next day, I noticed girls at their lockers, primping or applying enough perfume to fill a factory; whispering about some new student. 
Walking down the hall, I’m joined by Caycee. “Have you heard the news, Mindy?” she asked, smiling.
I eyed her secret smirk. “What news?”
“Oh, I’m sure you’ll hear about it, sooner or later.”
Shoving my books into my locker, I heard girls talking behind me: ‘He’s sooo handsome,’ one crooned. ‘He looks like a movie star,’ another added. ‘I wonder if he’d sign my math book?’ the girls giggled, sashaying down the hall. 
Entering my English class, I see Jed, slumped, in his chair. When I approach, he slowly lifts his head, taking in my cheerleading uniform. 
“Hello, Jed,” I say, sliding into a chair beside him. “Are you okay?”
He sighed. “No, I’m not. Zachariah and I were meant to meet Cuthbert yesterday, but he didn’t show up.”
“Why?” I frowned.
Jed shrugged. “I don’t know why.”
Turning to the front of the room, I notice someone standing in the doorway. Girls start twittering as a tall male with slicked back brown hair, wide shoulders, and a smile that made every female knee quiver. As he slid into the desk next to me, a wash of cologne swept over me. 
“Hello, Mindy,” he said in a deep voice.
I blinked several times. “Ah, hi,” I answer. “Do I know you?”
He leaned closer causing butterflies in my stomach. “Look into my eyes.”
Gazing into his amber eyes, I recognize the person behind the clear contact lenses. “Cuthbert!” I whisper as the teacher entered the room. 
Taking a sip from the bubbler, I heard girls swooning. Standing up straight, I spot Cuthbert parting the sea of students. As girls ogled him, his eyes were only on one person: Me.
He smiled, brushing a droplet of water off my chin with a thumb. “What do you think?”
“Why did you change your appearance?”
“I wanted to be accepted.” He frowned, dropping his hand. 
“Your friends accepted you,” I replied. “And so did I.” I went to walk away, but Cuthbert took my hand. 
“What do you mean?” his voice was low, confused. 
I looked into his eyes. “I never thought you’d change yourself to please others.” I gently pulled my hand away. “I like you for who you are inside, Cuthbert, not what you look like on the outside.” I left Cuthbert with his admirers. 
Finding a bench under a tree, I flick through my English textbook, until approaching footsteps make me look up. My gaze is captured by Cuthbert and I feel myself reacting to his Polo shirt and dark navy jeans hugging his hips. 
“May I join you?” he asked.
“Sure,” I said. “How did you lose your entourage?” 
Cuthbert sat beside me, and when he grinned, my heart stuttered. “I told them that I was taken. It was like Citronella to a bug.” He chuckled, but it petered out. “Mindy, can we talk about…this?” he gestured to his new look.
“You’re still hiding your real character.”
“I thought I’d keep everyone guessing for a while longer.”
I smiled. “The school’s buzzing about the new student.” I nudged his arm. “If you play your cards right, you’ll have every girl eating out of your hand to be your Prom date.” Cuthbert frowned. “What?”
“T-There is only one g-girl I want to take to P-Prom,” he stuttered. 
“I’m not going to Prom,” I muttered. “I thought I’d ditch it.” I smiled. “Maybe we could hangout together. Go to Komiks…grab dinner at Patsy’s.”
“You shouldn’t make any final plans,” Cuthbert told me. He stood, glancing down at me, and walked away. 

“Mindy, you’re home!” Morgan squealed, jumping off the couch, and abandoning Ben 10 on TV.
I scooped him up, going to kiss his cheek, but he pulled away, shoving an envelope in my face. “What’s this?” I put him down, taking the envelope. “Why aren’t you at Ruthie’s house?”
“Momma’s in her room,” Morgan whispered. “Open it!”
“Where did you find this?” I sit on a chair, picking at the corner. Morgan leaned against my leg. 
“From the porch.”
I was about to open the envelope when Mom came out of her room. “I’m going to work,” she said, sparing a glance at us. 
After she left, I ripped the envelope open, removing a folded piece of paper. “It’s from Wendy,” I said after reading the note. “She wants us to come over.”
“I can’t,” Morgan said shaking his head. “I’m going out with Cuthbert.”
“What?” he nodded. “We better go over then.” I changed into jeans and a Green Lantern T-shirt then took Morgan across the road. 
“Hey, guys! Come on in,” Wendy said, opening the door. “Cuthbert, your guest is here.” I saw Cuthbert emerge out of his room followed by his friends.
“Hi, Cuthbert,” Morgan said excitedly. 
“Hi, Morgan,” Cuthbert replied. “Is it alright with Mindy if you come to the movies with us?” Cuthbert met my eyes.
“Can I Mindy?” Morgan begged. “Pleeeaaassse!”
“It’s fine with me.” Morgan grinned. “Ah, I don’t have much money…” I went to grab my wallet, but Cuthbert sopped me.
“My treat.” He threw me a melting smile. 
“T-Thanks,” I stuttered. Cuthbert chuckled. 
When the boys left, I went into the kitchen. “They’ve gone,” I said, sliding onto a stool. 
“They’re seeing the new Spiderman movie.”
“Lucky boys.” I leaned my arms on the bench. “So why ‘em I here?” 
“The Prom’s a very important part of a teenage girl’s life,” Wendy said, smiling. “It’s a great way to celebrate the end of school life.”
“I haven’t got a date,” I say with a shrug.
“Don’t let that stop you.” Wendy walked around the bench. “Come with me.” we headed to a spare room. “I’ve been working on this for a few days.” she picked a garment bag off the bed and pulled the zip down, revealing a ball gown the color of sapphires. Holding it up, her eyes searched my face. “What do you think?”
“It’s beautiful.” Crystals cascaded down the bodice and skirt, glinting in the light. “Who did you make it for?”
“You.” tears stung my eyes. “Oh, sweetheart,” she said, rubbing my arm. “I didn’t want to upset you.”
I wiped my eyes. “I’m sorry. No one has ever done anything like this for me.”
Wendy warmly smiled. “Try it on. I hope I got the measurements right.” She left the room. Was I actually going to Prom? I felt nervous as I carefully pulled on the strapless gown, casing my body in a silky second-skin. 
“Mindy?” Wendy gently tapped on the door. “How you doing in there?”
“You can come in,” I say. 
The door slowly opened. “Oh, sweetheart!” Wendy exclaimed. “Beautiful! Just beautiful!”
“It fits perfectly.” I ran my hands down the bodice. “I feel like a princess.”
“I have the perfect heels,” Wendy said, going over to a closet. She collected a pair of silver stilettos. “Try these.”
I pulled on the stilettos, adding four-inches to my height. “Wendy, how can I thank you?” tears sparkled in my eyes as Wendy beamed at me. 
“Have fun,” she replied.
~~~~
Prom day…
Perched on a stool, I listen as Wendy argued with herself about what color palette to use. “I’m not always this crazy,” she joked. “If you don’t like what colors I pick then tell me and I’ll change it.” Wendy told me to close my eyes as she applied eye shadow to my lids. 
“Just a little clear gloss…” she handed me a mirror then bit her lip as I took a peek. Seeing my reflection, I gasp. “You don’t like it?” Wendy said. “I can re-do it.”
I shook my head, taking in my smoky eyes with sapphire highlights. “No…I love it.” I smiled. “I absolutely love it.”
Wendy took the mirror then smiled. “I’ll do the finishing touches, then start on hair,” she said. “Do you have any ideas?” she ran her fingers through my long blond hair. 
“No, not really.”
“We can work something out.” Wendy worked her fingers through my hair. “Were you behind my son’s makeover?” she asked, braiding my hair. 
“Um, no, I wasn’t,” I answer. “What did you think of it?”  
“He looked different…very handsome.” 
“Yeah, very handsome,” I said, feeling myself blush. Wendy stayed behind me, but I had a feeling she was smiling to herself. 
Once I was dressed, I looked at Wendy who was ruffling the skirt. “Can I see what I look like now?” I asked excitedly. 
“Yes, you can.” She stepped to a floor length mirror, turning it toward me. 
“Oh, my…” I breathed. My hair was in a messy bun; spiralled locks framed my face, my makeup was smoky eyes and crimson stained lips, and the sapphire ball gown hugged my body nicely. A thin silver chain with a butterfly charm dangled from my neck and delicate silver butterfly earrings danced from my lobes; a loan from Wendy.
“Your ride is here,” Wendy announced. 
“My ride?” I followed her to the front door, making sure I didn’t trip on the gown. My eyes widened at the sight of a white mare harnessed to a rosewood and gold carriage waiting on the street. 
The carriage door opened and heart fluttered as someone climbed out. “Cuthbert,” I whispered as he helped Morgan down the three-step ladder. 
“Mindy!” Morgan cried, running over to me. “You’re beautiful!” 
I smile at him, kneeling down and hugging him tightly. “Thank you,” I whisper.
When I stand up, I met Cuthbert’s amber gaze. He throws me a heart melting grin. “You look absolutely ravishing.” He reached out, gently caressing my cheek. 
I smiled, moving my head into his palm. “You’re charming,” I whisper. 
Cuthbert grinned then looked at Wendy who handed him a sapphire colored corsage. Tears rushed to my eyes. “It’s beautiful,” I whisper as Cuthbert pinned it to my dress, and Wendy and Morgan watched. 
“May I help you into your awaiting carriage?” Cuthbert offered me his white gloved hand so I took it.
As we settled into the carriage, I snuck a peek at my date, noticing his attire: a black evening suit over a sapphire button-up shirt, black polished shoes, and… a smile came to my lips.
“You noticed my tie, didn’t you?” Cuthbert asked, catching me. He ran a hand over his Green Lantern tie. 
“It matches my ring.” I hold my hand out, showing off my Green Lantern ring. 
Cuthbert grinned, taking my hand. “What else did you notice?”
I took in his appearance. “I did miss your curls,” I say, touching a springy lock of hair near his ear. All the while, his thumb rubbed my fingers. “I like this version of you.”
He smiled, leaning closer to me. “Me too.”
 Arriving at the hall, Cuthbert and I noticed milling students ogling our horse and carriage. Cuthbert squeezed my hand. “Are you ready?”
I nodded. “You?” I looked up at him. 
“I’m with the most beautiful girl in the world.” He kissed my hand. Cuthbert helped me out of the carriage and I was amazed at all the elegant looking people around us. 
As we headed to the entrance, I felt every pair of eyes swivelling in our direction. Before we entered the hall, I saw Scarlett dressed in a black cocktail dress and standing alone in a corner. When she saw me her eyes widened, stunned. 
I smiled, holding onto Cuthbert.
Glancing at Cuthbert, I expected him to be blushing from all the attention, but he was meeting people’s gazes and grinning confidently. 
The hall was amazing: tall sweeping trees lined every wall, forming an arch where Prom-goers entered, a carpet of autumn colored paper leaves covered the floor and tables, and the ceiling was a black nightscape with glittering silver stars. Paper vines trailed the food tables and little shrubs were bordering an emcee stage.
“Mindy?” Cayce said, coming over to us. “Oh, my God, you look beautiful!” she hugged me while Gabe shook Cuthbert’s hand. “Your dress is divine.”
“Thanks, you look amazing,” I said as Caycee shone in an emerald green dress. 
“You two are adorable,” my friend said, eyeing my date. Cuthbert smiled hugging me to his side. 
As Caycee dragged Gabe to the dance floor, I looked at Cuthbert. “Do you want to dance?”
“Ah…I don’t know how too,” he replied.
“Neither do I.” Cuthbert and I found our table, and when he claims my hand, I smile at him. 
“What are you thinking about?” he asked. 
I bit my lip. “The truth?” he nodded. “I was thinking about kissing you.”
I thought Cuthbert would blush, but he grinned, surprising me. 
“The truth?” he asked. I nodded. “I was thinking about that, too.” He leaned forward, eyes holding mine, our lips inching closer and closer when suddenly we were interrupted by someone bumping into us. 
“Hey, watch it!” I snap, looking into amused, bloodshot eyes. 
“Sorry, babe,” Josh said, chuckling, “Didn’t see you and Nerd Boy.” The girl he was clinging too didn’t look impressed and I soon smelt why.
“You’re drunk,” I said, disgusted. Behind Josh, I watched as Caycee, Gabe, AshLee, Tierra and their dates came over to us. 
Josh smirked. “Maybe I am, but what’s it to you?” he swayed back, bumping into Gabe.
“Get him out of here,” Caycee said, glaring at Josh. 
Josh’s date huffed, disappearing into the dancing couples. Gabe and the boys dragged Josh away so Caycee, Tierra and Ashlee sat with me and Cuthbert.
“You ladies look amazing tonight,” Cuthbert said making my friends beam.
“Thank you, kind sir,” AshLee said as Caycee stood.
“We should leave these two alone.” she winked before they left.
Cuthbert stood. “Let’s dance.”
I took his hand and followed him onto the dance floor. As A Thousand Years by Christina Perri played, I layed my head on his shoulder as we slow danced. 
“My life would suck without you,” I whispered.
Cuthbert’s answer: he finally kissed me.


Tick Tock
By Twinkle (Sugandha) Varshney
©2014 by Twinkle (Sugandha) Varshney

Tick –Tock, tick tock!
I am time, free from all the constrains of this morbid mortal world, I keep flowing forward, never halting, to look back, unchanged, tranquil. An earthquake cannot quaver me, a volcanic eruption cannot pause me, a tornado cannot alter my flow, neither was I born with a big-bang nor will I end with the calamity.
I cannot ever die neither can my existence ever cease, I have always been a reticent mum spectator of all the confounding whacky episodes of life but I have never stopped as I have the dexterity to withstand and endure the travails of this never lasting journey.
I have seen a child taking his first breath and I have also been a spectator of the last breath of human, I have seen people falling in love and lovers getting separated, I have seen the start of earth and its end too, but nothing has ever touched me or waivered me. I always keep pacing in my own flow.

But one day something terrifically perplexing occurred. It’s the story of the day when I forgot to move, when unknowingly I was so lost that my pace got faltered, when I realized the true depth of eros love when I felt something that coerced me to cease, to overlook, to waiver, when I was lost!
I reside in every petite corner of this space, but it all started on the dusky wall of this bizarre eloquent mansion I have been hanging on for like ages. I have spectated all the unusual incidents which normal human denies to have been happened. 
I have seen this glorified mansion in its age when everyone in the vicinity prayed to own it or just have a chance to visit it but now it was just an old house which seemed to have collapsed inwardly on itself somewhat, like a fresh undercooked loaf of bread taken out of the oven too soon. The roof drooped and the cedar shingles wedged up in places like wonky teeth. Draughty corridors in which cold air seeped from windows with broken glasses covered in cobwebs or from under the doors giving a tinge of musky feeling with the freezing wind they bring in, erecting the spine like the tide on a frigid desolate beach. The lean-to shed on the side hung downwards as if the fight had left it and it could no longer bring itself to stand up against the elements. Icy and bitter wind rattles the hanging horror striking but still anew paintings, which seems like to have their own life, though the hayish canvas of mostly of them is cracked. Spiders scurry in dark misty corners, their old webs flap in grimy stillness, clinging to the wall with their ghostly fingers. In the high winds of the season the old house could be heard to creak as if in its death throes. The grass grew long and unkempt around it and in that grass were tracks which must have been made by the local children who usually dared each other to go there in the eclipse to search for flashes of ghosts.
I have seen how several of passerby and tramps are hooked in its trap. Once who has walked in that door has never got any chance to return, to go far away from this damp air, which makes the hair on one’s hand go straight. The people out of their lust, greed and desire have entered this painting, the face of their death, hanging affront me, on the opposite wall. This painting has an aura which is a ploy, to magnetize the avarice, the lust, the thirst hidden inside and once a person sees it, the game for life begins. He gets bound by it and his lust arises, so does his way for death. 
Now things have changed, the mansion has gained a repute, no one visits here anymore. But today is different, after almost a century someone has entered this house. I remember it was a century ago when Aiden entered the mansion and after that no one ever came by, not a single life, not even a stray animal or thirsty bird.
Aiden the only exception this mansion has seen, the only person who returned back from the painting, though he is not the same, that’s what intrigues me more into him. I have so many questions to ask him but he has not set his eye upon anything else then the murky door!
“So isn’t you always wanted to ask me some questions? Now the time has come when I could answer them for you”, and for that moment I froze, I don’t know how but everything get stature except the source of the voice... Aiden!
I was amazed when he started telling me his story! I clearly remember when for the first time Aiden entered the mansion. He was different, not like every other man who has come here all mesmerized by its beauty and have lost their soul. But Aiden was nothing like them, his posture mirrored his confidence, he was all solved and somehow knew what he was walking into, he understood that every step was a strife and the cost was his existence. His tall stature, wavy hematite colored hairs, cherry lips which stretched a little but never much to articulate in a smile gave him a fierce look, ardent enough to triumph a war aloof but his eyes were a different story, bright, deep, with a lighter shade of Angelite and its corner extended into fins of a fish mirroring his composure, a stillness even a tornado can’t shake, the deepness of his thoughts, the kindness of his heart, like an unicorn.
“It was a week before I entered this mansion. Our family was among the aristocracy of the city. We had everything anyone could dream of but in the hinge of a second everything fall apart. It was like a huge earthquake which engulfed our family, our happiness and everything we had. I was left alone in the tides of time to fight with what was coming and it was surely not good. A lot of people came with a claim to my father’s territory and I was bound to return them what they lend to father cause Stone’s were gentlemen’s. Father has always taught me to be good, truthful, to never own something that belonged to someone else. At first everything was fine, but then more and more people started coming for money and I was at verge of losing everything father owned. It took me fair long to realize that almost all them were just greedy liars, who had cheated me, fooled for my innocence or mere inanity. I felt stranded, conned, I was unable to seek the greed behind the mask of love and empathy and was soon left with nothing but the house. I was angry at myself, I haven’t not only wasted father’s hard earned money but his reputation too and have become a laughing stock for the whole city. The house which was always crowded with bureaucrats, relatives, friends, hundreds of servants and sometimes even as a shelter for homeless, was now aloof. All servants have left no one ever visited except for some who came just to claim the house. I felt like a culprit and missed my father hysterically, I wished if somehow I could get his guidance, I could get out of all this mess in a second. All the assets, the reputation that our ancestors have hold for centuries, all their wherewithal, I have lost all of that in less than four weeks. I decided to sell the house and fed the left loan but I had nowhere else to go, all relatives have closed their door. I was depressed and that night I really cried with those real tears for the first time in my life as long as I can remember …. I felt like even god has closed all his doors and there was no way out. I don’t know when I slid to sleep thinking about all this.
When I woke up I found myself lying on a cold hard ground. I opened my eyes to find myself surrounded by long trails of trees, with withered leaves flying all around, like I was in some forest. I panicked and stood straight to find someone, but as far as my sight go there was nothing but trees with snow. I could see hayish Birches, wild bushes, winding path of mud which got boggy in places as it falls into gullies and rises up the hill. Panic started rushing through my veins making me run to find a way back home. I continually ran for hours, to find a way out, with all that I had, thinking I might escape my fate, like I could outrun what was coming, like I could win over the god’s plan for me, but the truth was I was stuck, was just running in circles again and again and whatever I do, how much I try escaping these woods was not in my potential. 
Tired I sat on the ground, and heard, Sound of tinkling water, a stream rushing by in its steep sided ditch. I could hear the water splashing on the rocks, cascading down like there was a small waterfall…and that was a breakthrough. If there was a waterfall nearby it meant I have been moving forward and I could get out of here soon. I moved in the direction of waterfall, after running for about what seems to be millennium I saw the beautiful steep milky waterfall carrying twigs and leaves into small natural dams. There were two cliffs separated by a wall of water pouring down from them. Even in this darkness it was radiating its own light. The surrounding trees on which the leaves were dancing vivaciously up above, dappling the light, intermittent shade, snow drops amidst the trees, squirrels scampering and scurrying up and down tree trunks and range of mountains in the background made it even more beautiful and serene. And then I saw long curls like dusk and dawn were interlaced together swaying from behind a tree on the cliff. For once I thought I was imagining but yet I called “who’s there?” 
I waited for a while but no one answered, I twisted my head sideways hopelessly and I heard a voice like bird songs rising and falling in sweet melodious chorus, “All the answers are with me all you have to do is reach me“ and when I turned back, I saw just a glimpse of her “the goddess of beauty” I thought, and she was gone like she faded or dissolved in the thin surrounding air. I wanted to run to catch her, to ask her so many questions, but today’s errands had made me too tired that I fell asleep then and there, a sleep full of dreams telling me there is still a ray of hope left. 
I woke up in the attic of my house, so tired that I felt like I haven’t even slept. I was shocked again, what was happening with me, was I hallucinating or dreaming, but she, her voice, her giggle, she…everything…all of it seemed to be so real to be just a dream or illusion. But that was not possible, there were many questions running wild in my mind, how I reached in the forest and then back here that too in this attic which I have never seen to be opened before. The attic was the most terrible part of the house. It was the soggy, sultry cellar which somehow exerted the strongest repulsion, with only a thin door and window-pierced brick wall to separate it from the rest of the house. The bad odor like something or the whole attic was rotting was making me to feel sick and white fungous growths covering the whole wooden flooring was giving it a littery gradient.
Lost in the thoughts of my weird dream, I opened the door of the attic but it was jammed, I tried hard but it was immovable. After trying with all of my strength and still failing to open it I kicked the door hard and a pile of files from above the door fell over me and the door hung open. Shocked yet relieved I looked in those files and started shifting them aside in a pile, to my utter shock I found that father has left a yet another fortune for me which no one knew about, not even me. Father has left some mansion for me, which was far away from here, where I can start my life from scratch. He was still looking out for me. He knew I will do something that will wreck me and I would need him, he has always been far sighted and helped me in every little problem, and he left me a cushion, a ticket out of all this mess and he continued it even after going so far. He left me this mansion” Aiden finished.
He owned this mansion, so he was not just another bystander, I thought. 
Aiden continued “When I entered the mansion all across I could see the dead littered trees with branches, long and spindly, waved in the air, veining like capillaries; the bark flaked off in spots, diseased with a forging moss that stewed for years and ate its way into the tree’s innards, killing from the inside out. Brown crispy leaves littered the yard and danced macabre on light feet, and they smelled of fungus and autumnal-moisture, waiting for a sunlight to dry up its ravaged and rotted being. Steeped in shadow, darkness echoed as if all the sunlight has been folded inside itself, completely absorbed, and the trees, large mammoths of green foliage bunched over, bent and stopped, pouring more exhaunerating shadows across the hallows of what must have been a palace once. The mansion's walls showed black decay by neglect or time. Splotches of original royal paint hinted at the mansion’s former prosperity. Cobwebs covered the corners of the doors, tiny black spiders threading towards their prey. The house is fit for the kings and queens of the dark shadows.
I moved ahead from the outer lobby, the door begrudgingly creaked open. A fusty, dank, fetid odour creep into my nose. The house was dead silence except for the intermittent creaks and moans. Brown and green mold dotted the ceiling in clusters, evident of rain seeping through the roof. I quietly entered the dark living room. Windows covered with grime and dirt, the calm moonlight struggled to penetrate the darkness in thin thread rays. Sharp shadows roamed around the room. The furniture overturned revealing deep grooves on the ground where they used to sit. Wallpaper lay curled on the floor. A large jagged hole dug through the wall stood as though daring any to enter. Picture frames hanged off-centered as if they were hanged today, like life was flowing through them. Sharp shadows roamed around the room. Almost every bit of the wall was covered with paintings, paintings in wooden frame, paintings in ancient iron frame paintings with cracked hayish canvas, making me feel like selecting the correct painting could reveal a secret doorway into some another world. 
I made my way back into the hallway, a slimmer of light came from behind a door. I approached and opened the door. I had reached the bathroom. The single window was mildly dirty, a flood of light flowed into the room. Dust swirled around the room as I made my way inside. The mirror with wooden boundary lay shattered in pieces on the floor tile. Empty medicine bottle lay in the porcelain sink. The only sound I could hear was the dripping of the faucet. A closer look revealed the tinting of the water, a brownish concoction. A lone lizard stood sentry at the bottom of the tub. Never having a visitor in a while, it curiously eyed me before scurrying away. Approaching the bathtub, a violent odor made it way to my nose. Holding my nose, I leaned over and peered inside. Crusty rags filled the bathtub, little hints of movement underneath them. It would be thoughtlessness to see what was lying under the rags. 
I arrived at the foot of the staircase. I stood and peered at the top, wondering when she will come and… umm I had never thought what I will say to her. I summoned strength and tiptoed my way up the stairs. Each step intensified the moaning and creaking as if the steps could collapse at any moment. I turned to the right, and there was what, supposed to be a bedroom. The door did not give way easier, a forceful push was needed. Stepping inside, a dresser seem to have been pushed against the door, attempting to deny entry. I could make out the silhouette of bed, edging in closer for a better look. A toy dragon lay missing its head on the bed. The sheet was splattered with a dark color. The wind intensified outside, the rustling of the leaves and branches were louder. In the corner, a little chair began to rock slowly. The thin strips of wallpaper showed little trucks. Crayon markings scrambled upon the wall where wallpaper used to stick. The carpet squished as I walked. Little picture frames remained face down on the carpet.
When I came to this mansion I was sure enough that the dream was not just a coincidence, she must be here, somewhere, and she would had all my answers. But then all those unexplainable incidences started and it did not take me long to realize that there was something going on with the paintings, I have seen the characters moving, and even I found the forest from my dream but neither that waterfall nor those beautiful curls with dusk and dawn interwoven in them. And then one day while descending the staircase I saw those curls and the fall and I was so excited, that I touched it thinking that she might hold my hand. But nothing happened, the painting was still and my dream was still in trance. I was disheartened but still I had faith that she would come, I had seen that light in her topaz eyes reflecting her deep desire to be with me, that she cared for me and that I could trust them. And my belief won, she came for me that night, to take me with her into that painting, her curls showing me the light of dawn and the awaiting horror of dusk, were still swaying even in the dark closed walls of the room, the mystic smile on her strawberry lips was still intact, but that light in her eyes was lost, they were dark like a warning of not to trust them, to run for my life, but I trusted her, my heart said that it was safe, if it was with her, so ignoring my instincts I followed pale gown flowing behind her and I entered into the painting.”
He knew! Aiden has become a puzzle for me. He was really different, he entered that painting after knowing his life was at stake. Was he really a fool? I was bamboozled and dying to know what happened next.
Aiden continued “As I stood, gazing at the decrepit painting, I shivered, as though, ice had replaced my spine. The cold air enveloped the entire body. The multiple layer of clothing failed to protect me against the deathly cold which was freezing me and echoing inside my body screaming, I should dare not to move my foot. The canvas framing the painting was cracked and tainted at several places. Weeds and dandelions poked out from these cracks.  Wild vines, creepers were growing wildly in thick batches on the left lower border. The moon smoky and yellow above those forest was hiding behind those demonic, thin scudding clouds, black and grey in the inky night sky, freckled with stars, screaming nothing good can happen here, casting a morbid blaze in the painting. Vines formed a twisted maze upon the sides of the painting, reaching their tentacles towards the canvas. A howl echoed throughout the house. It was time to leave, I told myself. But I flouted all my intuitions listening only to my heart. 
That painting was an another world and I have been there, it was the forest from my dream, and I could hear the falling water, but I was drowned in the pool of questions and I was dying to get my answers, so finally when I didn’t get a word as small as a simple “Hello” from her, I asked her “Are we going towards fall?” and without even a small movement in her lips she replied “follow me” and she swifted ahead. I felt like her beauty was casting a glamor on me, pulling me like a magnet but I knew what I was doing and I could feel there was still a way out and I could still turn back, it was not late yet. May be I was a fool or might be it was just my destiny I was following, I followed her undeviated. I felt someone was following us, keeping a close watch on both of us, I looked around, but there was no one. I saw a strong branch of a tree and I hold it as I wanted to make her feel protected with her, though by now I really doubted that if she really needed any protection, yet I tried to act strong. She gave me a slant look and her strawberry lips widened. Suddenly two figures approached us so steadily like they were there only. I was about to hit them but she hugged one of them frosting me with mouth wide open and the hand in mid-air. She introduced me to them as Nyx and Hedus. I was swallowing her strange friends when the thought came that I never even asked her name.”
No he was definitely a fool he didn’t asked her name and was just following her blindly. He is smiling now? Strange! Can’t he hear himself? He sounds foolish to me!
“I thought I was really a fool! With little hesitation I said to her “You know I don’t know …your …name!” Like always I got an unexpected smile from her which widened and she was laughing, a laugh that was more melodier than any song I have ever heard, a laugh masking deep agony under the costume of innocence and her laugh continued and then Nyx stared at her and it ended just there… abruptly and those beautiful rosy lips fell silent in a mute cry. Before I could part my lips to say something Hedus came forward and said in a hateful note “Her name is Athena though this shouldn’t mean anything to you!” and speeded forward.
After walking for several hours we reached a cave. Athena told me that we were going to stay there for the night and will continue with our journey tomorrow and she went away with Nyx.”
I was so still like all my senses were frozen, like I have lost all my powers to resilient. I just wanted to know what happened next.
“After a while I followed her footsteps and I heard Hedus shouting. He was very upset with Athena.
“Athena it’s about all of us. He dies and we all are free and else we all will be bound, god knows till when. And have you forgotten about Napthalus, he would torture us and you know it would be worse than death. What’s going in your mind, if Gorgon got any hint about any of this, I don’t even want to think what he will do to us! Will you ditch your friends for him, just an acquaintance?”
And I saw Athena standing there, and tiny pearls rolling down her rosy cheeks from her pale purple eyes. That moment I wanted to run and hold her…
“Would you tell me what is going on Athena. If it would not have been about all three of us I would have never controverted you” Nyx said.
“I won’t kill him” was all that Athena said, and she ran for the door.
I adjusted myself almost falling behind the walls.
I wanted to follow her and comfort her but Nyx and Hedus were still talking.
“We have to do something Nyx. He is our last prey. We give his heart to Napthalus and we are free and we could even get rewarded by Gorgon, you know how much contented he would be.”
“Hedus Athena will never agree to it, you know her. It’s different, even without her heart I can see the love flowing in her eyes, they are glowing”
“Then we will kill her too!”
Nyx stared Hedus in utter astonishment.
“What else could we do Nyx! I don’t want to kill her, to deceit her but neither I want to spend an eternity bound in these chains, tortured. I want to be free even if I have to die, that would be more peaceful. Yes I am afraid, afraid of living this damned life, afraid of Napthalus, afraid of Gorgon, his big demonic, petrifying eyes, his castigations. Yes I am frantic, fraught. I can do anything to leave this place, to be set free, to no more be a pet. Are you with me Nyx?”
Nyx stood still, and gradually she shook her head in a yes!
I was terrified, will they kill Athena, I didn’t want to lose her even before knowing her. I ran to her, but I was helpless yet again but I would not let her die or be damned to live here. They were chained, a golden chain was bound to their wrist, how had I never noticed it.
Athena was still sobbing. I hold her in my arms and I said “I would never let anyone hurt you and I will free you from here even if I have to lose my heart” And I said it, I can’ believe myself but yes, that was what I wanted, I loved her with all my heart and I would be lost without her. So what such life meant. 
“Athena he is right, we must have his heart.” Hedus was behind me with a knife near my chest.
“No! back off Hedus” Athena screeched with all the air her lungs were holding.
And Nyx holding a jar of water, clamped Athena immobilizing her.
“Athena please cooperate it’s for all of us, we are bound please”
“So what Nyx, now you will kill me?” 
“You know Athena I cannot kill you before taking his heart.”
Athena started smiling and I knew what she was thinking of, and I don’t know it was my reflexes or adrenaline rush, I took Hedus hand and damped it in my chest. 
But Athena was faster she poured the jar over her and said “we will be together, once and forever”, with that smile on her face and she vanished…again…in the thin air…leaving me lost, without heart and lost forever.
When I opened my eyes I was here in this mansion again, left to wait for her
I was dead inside, trying to cut myself but None were enough to kill me, but overtime their accumulation bled me of the humanity I once had. Now I am just gaunt and melancholy. Her loss flowed through my veins and deadened my mind. It was a poison to my spirit, dulling me killing off my other emotions until her love was the only one that remained. It was as if a black mist had settled upon me and refused to shift, and no matter how bright the day was I would feel no sun and hear no bird song. For the world was lost to me and I knew of nothing that would bring it back into focus.”
“It was not like we have talked for ages or it was the deepness the understanding that flow through us that made our love like it was. 
I gave her my heart, so that we could never be apart, so that wherever ever she goes I am always with her, whatever she does I do it with her, whenever she breathe, I breathe with her, and if god forbid she is in pain I can contain the pain in her.
The height of my love for her is higher than the heaven, its deepness is deeper then hades, its measure is greater than all the water in the universe, and count higher than all the stars if counted.
I fear not fate cause I know she is my fate, I want no world cause my world is living in her beautiful eyes, I have no desire, cause an eternity with her is my desire, I have no dreams, cause she is my dream, she is all I need. She is the serenity of moon and the light of the sun, she is the flow of the wind and the breeze of the oceans. It’s no more the blood flowing through me that’s keeping me alive, it’s her love filling every vein of my body with life. I can feel her around, I can feel my heart in her racing to meet me, to love me, to make us one!”
And Aiden laughed a bitter laugh, which was unhuman, dark, sly, shaking me making me move again in my flow and she entered, a girl with long curls like dusk and dawn were interlaced together swaying even in the dark closed walls of the mansion, with a mystic smile on her strawberry lips, shining amethyst eyes which seemed to be searching for something or someone from ages or centuries and a laugh echoed….
I am time I never change or halt but something made a change this love was different. It made me feel to wonder to stop to go back but I am time, my existence cannot ever cease, I have always been a reticent mum spectator of all the confounding whacky episodes of life but I have never stopped or take a pause as I am compelled to have the dexterity to withstand and endure the travails of this never lasting journey even when I have been touched and waivered by love. I always have to keep pacing in my own flow.
Tick- Tock - Tick- Tock!!!

Everlista - An Otherworldly Realm Tale
By Mark Mackey
©2014 by Mark Mackey

PART I
     Ever since Aldrich, present king of the vampires had made a promise to Ravinger ruler of a particular set of witches who practiced black magic, it would have to be fulfilled. And with the two of them standing face to face in his throne room, his lovely daughter Arleigha present at his side, sooner rather than later. The details of this promise was to have his son Victors marry Arleigha. Not that Aldrich had any problem with it; in his mind his and Ravinger’s offspring would be so perfect together.
     “I swear your daughter Arleigha looks absolutely beautiful standing there Ravinger,” he admitted. “I can’t wait for Victors and her to be married.”
     “That’s the reason why she and I are here,” Ravinger answered. “So where is your son,” Arleigha’s quite eager to meet him.”
     “Victors should be in his bedchamber. Come allow me to introduce you to him.”
                               ****
     All during the time returning home from being with the girl he was desperately in love with, Everlista; Victors had one thing on his mind. That he couldn’t wait to see her once again. He hoped her punishment for convincing him to take her sister Aurora out of the competition to decide which one of them would be named princess wasn’t too severe. He’d be devastated if it was.
     Thanks to being unable to relieve Aurora of some of her blood to weaken her for what he was intending Victors was in desperate need of some. This made him start moving quicker to get home, where some would be waiting for him.

     Arriving there and making his way through a hallway lined on either side with bed chamber doors, Victors was caught by surprise. His father, along with a man and a girl his age, the two of them clearly witches, emerged from out of his personal bedchamber.
     “We were just looking for you Victors,” Aldrich said in a pleased voice.
     “Yes and I’m pleased to meet you as well,” Arleigha said with a smile.
     “For what,” Victors asked.
     “This is Ravinger and Arleigha and as you can see they’re witches.”
     “Why are they here?” Victors asked.
     “Victors before you were born I made a promise to Ravinger.”
     “What sort of promise?”
     “I promised him when you both turned seventeen Arleigha and you would become married.”
     Victors could not believe what he just been told. That his father had made a promise before he was born requiring him to get married when he was seventeen; and worse it wasn’t the girl he was desperately in love with.
     “No I refuse to marry her,” he said flatly.
     “Why, is there something wrong with Arleigha?”
     “It’s not that,” Victors replied. “Father I’m in love with someone else.”
     “Victors, you’re marrying Arleigha and that’s all I want to hear about it.”
     Victors felt anger start to course through him over this. He was being forced to marry someone he didn’t even know or care about; there was no way he would do it.
     “I’m sorry, I refuse to marry Arleigha,” he said in full defiance.
     “Because of this other girl you’re in love with?”
     “Yeah that’s exactly it.”
     “Well you can just forget about this girl, whoever she is,” Aldrich ordered. This causing the anger he was feeling to increase.
     “No I will not forget about her, and there’s no way I’m marrying Arleigha.”
     “Let me put it to you this way Victors,” Aldrich said, his voice now growing with rage. “If you don’t marry Arleigha not only will I disown you as a son, but you will no longer be welcome in this castle.”
     “I don’t care. I’m not about to give up the girl I love because of some promise you made a long time ago.”
     “Get out, I can’t stand the sight of you Victors,” Aldrich yelled in a rage.
     “You’ve got it,” Victors said, turning and heading away from them.
     “Ravinger I’m sorry, I don’t know what to tell you,” Aldrich said once Victors disappeared around a corner.  
     “Arleigha you know what you have to do if you want Victors to be your husband,” Ravinger informed his daughter.
     “You’re right I do,” Arleigha said.
                         ****
     Heading down yet another hallway with more bedchambers, Victors felt relief in knowing he would not have to give up Everlista; and as for losing his home and being kicked out of his family because of this, so what. At least he’d still have the girl he was in love with.
     The thing he wasn’t expecting, hearing who could only be Arleigha call out for him to stop.
     “Look Arleigha I’m sorry you and your father came here for nothing, but you already know I’m involved with someone else.”
     “I have no interest in coming between you and whoever this girl is you love,” she replied reaching him. “That’s just not who I am.”
     “Hey don’t worry about it, I just need to get the heck out of here, I’m starving.”
     Instantly hearing this, a sudden genius idea filled Arleigha’s mind. She would use Victors hunger for blood to make him his forever.
     “Victors there’s no need for you to head out for blood, you have some right here flowing in me.”
     Victors couldn’t believe what Arleigha was suggesting he do, nourish his hunger for blood with hers.
     “Now I know you might not approve of the idea,” she continued to say. “But I’m feeling guilty for you being told to leave this castle and getting disowned by your family because you love someone else.”
     For a second, due to the desperate need for blood, Victors found himself actually considering taking Arleigha up on her offer. 
     “Victors it’s all right,” she said. “And I did say I’m not going to come between you and the girl you love.”
     Focusing his eyes on her bare neck and shoulders, Victors felt his desire for blood grow even stronger.
     “Are you sure,” he asked in an uncertain, nervous voice.
     “Uh-huh, you need this Victors,” she said a soft, compassionate voice.
     The next thing Victors knew, he was pushing out, long, powerful teeth, grabbing hold of Arleigha’s shoulders and burying them into her left one. His doing so and tasting her witches blood surprisingly filling him with pure desire for her. 
     What the heck’s the matter with me, Everlista’s supposed to be the one I’m in love with, he thought. But yet for some unknown reason Victors only felt this emotion for Arleigha.
     “What did you do to me,” he managed.
     “I placed a spell on myself,” she responded. “So when you tasted my blood, it made you fall instantly in love with me. You have to understand Victors, I’m going to have you and there’s not a thing anybody’s going to be able to prevent it.”
     “But I’m in love with someone else.”
     “She’ll get over it. And if not and tries something to prevent our upcoming marriage, you can be rest assured she’ll pay with her life.”
     “No you can’t hurt her.”
     “I can promise you I won’t Victors, if you agree to forget about her and commit your heart to me.”
     “I don’t have any choice but to agree to that, do I?”
     “Not if you love her, whoever she is, like you said.”
     “Fine you win, I’ll forget about her,” Victors replied, all the while hoping Everlista was able to find it in her heart to forgive him when she found out.               
                       ****
     “So I guess you’ve come to your senses and agreed to marry Arleigha after all,” Aldrich said with their return.
     “I have thanks to her setting my head straight about it,” Victors replied.
     “You’ve made the right decision, Aldrich answered in approval.
     I’m so sorry Everlista, but I have no choice, I have to marry Arleigha. There’s no way I’m letting you get hurt or killed because of my refusal to do so.
              
                    PART II

     Just as her eyes opened the next morning, Aurora felt automatic excitement. She couldn’t blame herself for feeling this way, after all, just last night she had been named princess of Seraph. As far as she was concerned, her life could not be any more perfect. The next thing Aurora knew, she was overcome by a strong desire to head out and fulfill her father’s request to bring him the head of a rare silver dragon.
     Emerging from her bedchamber and starting to head down the hallway, Aurora came to the decision to check on her sister Everlista’s well-being. After all not only did she lose out against her in becoming princess, but the vampire she was so desperately in love with had almost had his existence ended last night.
     Making her arrival into her sister’s bedchamber, the first thing Aurora laid her eyes on, Everlista’s lying on her side, back facing her.
     “Are you okay,” she asked.
     “Please just go away I’m really not in any mood to do any amount of conversing with you Princess Aurora.”
     “Everlista I’m sorry.”
     “Yeah that’s easy for you to say, you’re not the one who isn’t able to call herself princess. Now please Aurora, honor my request and leave my bedchamber at once.”
     Staring at her sister, Aurora could not bring herself to believe being named princess was causing a clear riff between them. Well she didn’t have to stand there and take Everlista’s telling her to get out. Especially since it was her sister’s own fault she lost the chance to become it.
     “Everlista I’m sorry to say this, but if it wasn’t you and your vampire boyfriend conspiring to keep me out of our competition, you never would have lost the chance of possibly being named princess.”
     Continuing to keep her eyes focused on her sister, it was just seconds before Aurora realized saying this was a huge mistake.
     “Get out,” Everlista screamed, becoming animated, sitting up and turning to her, rage covering her normally attractive face.
     Fine Everlista you don’t have to tell me a third time, Aurora thought, not wasting a second obliging her sister’s demand and rushing out.
     Returning to lying down on her bed, Everlista almost instantly was struck by a sudden need to travel to the one person she knew wouldn’t let her down and getting up to do so.
                             ****
     Miraculously, Everlista was met with no opposition all during the entire way of travelling to the section of Seraph claimed by vampires. It wouldn’t have mattered if she had, since she had enough confidence in her skills as a warrior to deal with one. This was maintained as she made her arrival at the Castle’s entrance and seeing no guards in front of it; allowing her to enter with no opposition.
     Not coming as one bit of a surprise, given this castle was home to vampires, the windows were blackened up as to prevent sun from getting in.
     As Everlista continued on toward where she knew Victors bedchamber would be located, having spent countless hours alone with him; it was just minutes before she was standing before it. Just as she prepared to make her entrance, Everlista was caught by surprise with the sudden arrival of a woman. Not a vampire, but an actual witch, and judging from the expression on her face, she wasn’t at all pleased by her being there.
     “Something tells me with you standing in front of Victors’ bedchamber, you must be his secret love,” the woman taunted.
     “Who are you,” Everlista asked as she turned to face her.
     “I’m the woman who’s replaced you in Victors’ life and I’m just days away from becoming his bride.”
     Everlista could not bring herself to believe what this woman had dared say this to her; no it just wasn’t possible.
     “I don’t believe you.”
     “Yeah I thought you might say that,” the woman said. “Come on inside and Victors will confirm it.”
     Setting foot into Victors’ bedchamber, the first thing Everlista saw, his standing at the window     with his back turned toward her.
     “Victors this woman who I just ran into says she’s replaced me in your life,” she said. “Please don’t tell me it’s true.”
     “I could if I was able to Everlista,” he replied without turning to face her.
     Hearing Victors confirm what the woman just told her caused Everlista to feel pure, one hundred percent sadness to rip through her.
     “I don’t understand why would you do something like that to me?”
     “Because if I didn’t, she, her names Arleigha was going to use her magic to hurt or kill you,” Victors said finally turning toward her; depression and misery dominating his face. “I couldn’t allow that to happen.”
     “But I love you.”
     Instead of answering her, Victors once again turned away from her and resumed staring at the window.
     “I’m sorry Everlista, but that’s the way it has to be.”
     “But I can’t live without you in my life, it’s going to be miserable if we’re not together,” Everlista said as tears started stinging her eyes.
     And then she heard a feminine voice fill her mind.
     “My name is Alisa, I’m Arleigha’s younger sister, and I don’t want them to get married either. If you don’t want to lose Victors, I can transport the two of you somewhere where nobody will ever find you.”
     “Yes please do it.”
      Seconds later she and Victors disappeared from sight.

Thank you all so much for taking the time to read through this anthology. All stories were written for your entertainment and published for free on Smashwords as a “Thank You” to you all! Please keep in mind that all stories were individually edited by the author who wrote them. We all have our own stories and our own works that we would love to share with you. You can find us all on Facebook! Also – be on the look out for Author Spotlight features on KrystalGeorgeAuthor.blogspot.com

If you liked this anthology – please consider reading three more Indie Author Anthologies now available on Amazon and Smashwords:
Miraculous : Tales of the Unknown
Pleasant Dreams
After Forever








