Mysterious Destiny
(Beckoning Corridors)
By D. J. Holmes



Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2010 by D.J. Holmes

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means whatsoever without permission from the author, except in the case of a brief quotation embodied in critical articles and reviews. In this case recognition should be given in written form, in the article or review, to the author’s name D. J. Holmes along with the name of the book Mysterious Destiny (Beckoning Corridors).

Contact Information – snowflowerpublishing@gmail.com
author.djholmes@gmail.com

ISBN-13: 978-0-9845576-1-5
ISBN-10: 0-9845576-1-X

Book Cover by Miss Mae
Smashwords format by L. K. Campbell
Snow Flower Publishing LLC Logo ™

Library of Congress Control Number: 2010906714
This is the first in a series of Mysterious Destiny, Mystery/Romance Novels
Mysterious Destiny (Beckoning Corridors)

Author: D. J. Holmes
Editors: Jaimie, Donna, Stacey, Geri, Chad and Annell
Web Sites Created by Chad
Published by: Snow Flower Publishing, LLC
Spanish Fork, Utah, USA 84660
1st Edition, July 2010; 2nd Edition, October 2010; 3rd Edition, January 2012; 
4th Edition, December 2013
Mysterious Destiny
(Beckoning Corridors)
Foreword


As the lives of the individuals interwoven throughout this novel evolve, the reader will experience wonderment; extreme sadness; jumping for joy and laughing out loud; dismay as they are brought to their knees in shock; relief; curiosity and a feeling of family as they become intimately involved in the life of each character.
The reader will come to know that life isn’t what we think that it should be, but it is a gift that is presented to each individual to make the best of what they are given.
By being true to yourself and continuing on in the face of whatever may come, we are all transformed into our highest potential, with destiny leading each of us to where our heart truly resides.
***
Caution, while the mysterious destiny series is family friendly, the contents of the series is not meant for anyone under the age of 12.
***



Acknowledgments


This is the first in a series of Mysterious Destiny books. Yes, my very first book which would never have happened without the constant influence and support from God, my wonderful children, grandchildren and friends.
Thank you so much: Geri and Stacey, for being my first guinea pigs and reading my first draft. I think that you’ll really be surprised with how it has evolved.
Annell, my childhood friend, I can always count on you. Jaimie, without your questions, thoughts, suggestions, and continuous encouragement, I would never have taken the steps that I needed to, to make this book into what it is today.
Chad, your help in the advertising part of this adventure took a lot off my shoulders.  Most people don’t understand that writing a book is only the beginning.   I am happy with the book video trailer, You Tube, My Space and Face Book, along with my web sites www.SnowFlowerPublishing.com and www.MysteriousDestiny.com. I learned a lot, but you know so much more.
Phillip, what a great idea for a logo for my publishing company Snow Flower Publishing and Shane your thought to make the flower smaller led to the final look of the logo.
Christian, Jessica, Danny and Danielle your encouragement was always appreciated.
My wonderful grandchildren, your love and constant interest in the progress of this book filled me with excitement as I rounded the corner to the finish. I can’t wait for you to read it.
Supportive friends, now you’ll understand why I went into seclusion for so long. I love you all, D. J. Holmes.



Through experiences that we have no control over,
 life can send you into the very depths of despair
 or
It can be full of wonderful unexpected simple fulfilling pleasures.
May your life be the latter,
 Sincerely, D. J. Holmes



CHAPTER 1


There are times when life decides to throw you a curve.  Ruthlessly, it grabs you by your throat, thrusting you into the air with your arms flinging out to your sides, and your feet dangling below. Not willing to let go, it continuously takes your last ounce of strength, pushing you on to your next challenge.  Some days are up; some days are down and other days are too hard to handle.
This is what Evan and Julia had been feeling like after the death of their fellow officers. Life seemed to have beaten all the strength out of their souls; their beautiful world was no longer bright. Gray hues now coved the horizon, as hopelessness filled the air. Their hearts, which normally were full of excitement, determination and trust, were now empty.   
Julia masked her trauma with a smile on her face and cheerfulness in her voice. 
Evan, on the other hand, knew something that Julia didn’t.  He had his suspicions, but was never able to get the proof that he needed.  Now, having found the first few letters of his superior’s name, written by Jasmine in her own blood, he knew that his suspicions were not all in his head.  Now, all he had to do was to get enough proof to go to the Governor and present his case.
All night long Evan’s mind had kept him awake reliving the “what if’s” that could have happened to the hostages and to his whole team.  Had their rescue plan not worked, the fire that had raged throughout the nostalgic paddle-wheel restaurant of the Sacramento Delta King while the terrorists held the governor’s captive, could have had a different twist. Just one mistake and so many more could have died. 
Though he was glad to be alive, Evan was angry that his supervisor had connections with the terrorists.  How could these foreigners have been able to get so close to the Western States Governors without a man on the inside?  Because of the takeover of the Delta King, many other people had put their lives on the line to help rescue the Governors; with two of his comrades finally dying during a firefight.  
Planning his strategy to trap his superior was going to be hard; the Governor had no idea what a traitor this man was, in fact, Evan had heard that they were great lifelong friends. 
Today’s sun was bright and warm, but Evan and Julia were still feeling the pain of the loss of their comrades. This celebration for their efforts in protecting the lives of the Western States Governors from terrorist threat was embarrassing to them.  Neither one wanted to be recognized independently from their team.  Their only thought was to get recognition for everyone, and especially for their fallen comrades.   
Evan finally dragged himself out of bed. 
Julia was already at the celebration watching the last minute preparations take place.
After driving through the morning traffic, Evan finally arrived.  Getting out of his car he walked toward Julia greeting her with, “Good morning,”
Grateful that he had finally arrived, she responds, “There you are Evan. What took you so long to get here?”
“I got caught in traffic,” not wanting to tell her of his restless night.
“Why didn’t you just put on your siren?” 
“You know that I can’t do that!”
“I’m just teasing,” she smiled.
“Oh,” he said finally realizing that she was joking. A minute later he began talking about their latest encounter with a group of International Terrorists. “I don’t know if I ever told you, Julia, but I was really impressed with how we worked together the moment that we both realized that the lives of all the Governors were in danger. To me, that whole situation was surreal. To realize that they were all being held as hostages, but thought that their predicament was just part of the Delta King, Mystery Dinner Theater presentation.”
“I was thinking about that very same thing just a minute ago, Evan. We had to do some real acting during that time didn’t we?”
“What do you mean? I was in my element. I wasn’t nervous then, like I am now,” Evan, stated with a boyish smile. Talking a breath he looked directly at Julia and became very serious, “Actually, I really don’t know how we did it! At any given moment, everything could have turned the other direction and everyone on that river boat, including us, would have been dead.”
“I know.” Julia put her arm around his waist, as they stood side by side.
 In their minds they traveled back in time, silently thinking of their recent experience. Yet, physically they continued to watch all the loose ends being brought together for the ceremony.
“Did I ever thank you for saving my life that day, Evan?”
“You’re my partner, Julia. Partner’s watch each other’s back.”
Trying to change the subject they revert to their typical daily small talk.
“Yes, they do.” Turning her head toward Evan’s back, taking in his whole beautiful, American Indian, five foot eleven stature, Julia added with an approving smile, “in fact I’m looking at yours right now. You look nice in your uniform, Evan. I like a man in uniform.”
“You do?”
“Yes. I don’t know what it is, if it’s the uniform, or the confidence a man seems to have when he wears it.”
“I do like the way it makes me feel, Julia.” He held his collar, moving it slightly with an approving look on his face. “Sometimes, I get tired of wearing my regular street clothes while I’m at work; I’d rather wear my uniform so that I stand out. I’m proud of the work I do.”
“I’m proud to have you as my partner, Evan. You’re a great officer! And you’ve been a great example to me.”
Evan heard the sincerity in her voice. Rather than scanning the area they were in, as he usually did, he finally looked directly at her for more than a moment. “You know what?  I love seeing you in a dress when we work. You’re so darn cute and feminine. But seeing you now in uniform, I never realized that you were so short. How tall are you anyway?”
“I’m 5 feet 4 inches.”
“You look taller than that when we work.  It must be because of the heels that you wear.”
“Since we are undercover, they ARE a part of my uniform. You know that I have to fit in with the civilians. And then of course, I don’t have to do the running. You do. I just call for back up.”
“Ah…now I know why you just stand in place, open up your purse and start talking into it. I always thought the backups that helped me just read my mind, riding in on their white horses just in time to save me,” he said with a playful smile. “So why didn’t you wear them today?”
“Wear what?”
“…Your heels.”
“I’ve got heels…look,” and she lifted one foot up to show him the sole of her shoe.
“No, the high heels that you wear when we work.” His smile just kept getting bigger and bigger.
Smiling back, Julia answered, “I wanted the option to quickly run away. And who knows I might feel like running any minute now…chuckle. Actually, I didn’t have any that would go with my uniform.  Besides I wanted to match your outfit.”
Evan and Julia have a close brother, sister relationship. Yet, for some reason, Julia always gets nervous when she senses his complete attention on her. Smiling, she changed the subject.
“Have you noticed everything that has been done here?” she questions, “I can’t believe that they’ve gone to all of this preparation. The lawn is perfectly manicured. And my favorite Camellia tree...I’ve always loved its colored blossoms.”
“Oh, so you like pink, white and red, hanging on the limbs of a tree?”
“I do…it’s just all so stunning.” Turning around she puts her left hand up to her mouth to hold back a scream.  “Look over there by the West steps.” They actually put up a stage for this ceremony with a huge American Flag covering the back!”
The extravagance of this celebration brings them back as to why they are on the Capitol grounds.
“Wow! You’ve got to be kidding. This is really something. Look at how beautiful the Capitol Building and that huge, and I mean HUGE flag look together. This is amazing isn’t it, Julia?”
“It is.  I never expected anything like this.”
“Me either, but I still wish they were honoring someone other than us. I’d rather be in the audience with the rest of our team, than up on the stage for this ceremony.”
“Me too…. Rather than going up on stage, why don’t we just go sit in the audience?”
“If you lead, I’ll follow.”
“I thought that you were MY leader, Evan.”
“Not for this.”
“Ok then, are you ready? …One thing, I’d like to ask you, leader of mine, what are we going to do when they call our names?”
“Sink down in our seats….”
“Now what kind of a leader is that, Evan?”
Pointing toward the stage he comments, “…One that doesn’t want to go up on that stage.”
Julia looks back to the Capitol Building, “Well, I think that it’s kind of late to carry out our plans, all of the dignitaries, including the Governor, are walking down the West steps toward the stage.  They would see us if we ran for seats in the audience now. I guess we had better go behind the stage, and wait until they call us.”
“Lead on, my fearless one,” Evan says, looking at the ground with a nervous twinge in his voice. 
“If you’ll remember, I was going to blaze our way to chairs in the audience, before the Governor appeared.” Julia explained, “Now you get to traverse our way to the back of the stage.”
“…Traverse?”
“Yes, traverse, Evan. You get to plot a pathway to the stage.”
“Plot a pathway?”
“Oh…I know what you’re doing. You’re stalling.”
“Julia, I don’t want to go….”
“Start marching or I’ll slap your butt!”
“Now, now Julia, remember you’re in uniform.”
“Yea…yea…yea. Start marching. Hip-two, hip-two.” 
Evan, starts marching in the opposite direction of the stage.
“Where in the heck do you think that you are going?” Julia laughs as she steps in front of him. 
Evan responds looking down to the ground, “…In the direction that I want to go in.”
“Not in that direction, Evan. You don’t get your way today. March straight for the back of the stage, and put on your leader face, not your little boy face.”
Laughing, Evan, just had to get in the last word, “Ok, mommy.”
Waiting behind the wings of the stage, they stood so that they could see the audience, but couldn’t be seen.
Julia spotted the Bagpipe Band dressed in their ceremonial best, “Evan, come over here and look at that group of men.”
“…Where?”
“Over there in the garden.”
“Oh, that group over there?”
“Yes.”
“I think that you need more training, Julia. Are you sure that they’re men? They’re wearing skirts.”
 “They’re not skirts. They are wearing Kilts.”
“Well, it looks like a skirt to me,” Evan said with his smile coming to the surface.
“Personally, I think that you’d look really cute in a kilt, Evan. In fact, I think that I’ll get you one for Christmas.”
“I won’t wear it if you get me one, Julia!” he says adamantly, his smile fading.
“I’ve heard that men that wear a kilt for the first time have a strong sense of masculinity overcome them.”
“I don’t care what you’ve heard. I’m not going to wear it in this life time!” Looking down and directly at her face, he adds, “I mean it, Julia! I’ll never wear a kilt!”  His arm makes a gesture toward the ground.
Quietly laughing inside and continuing her teasing she says, “Yea, yea, yea. We’ll see Evan….”
Julia finally remembers the name of the Pipers attire. 
      “…The Prince Charlie!”
“There’s a Prince here?”
“No, I mean the Prince Charlie, Highland Dress outfit. It’s only worn on extremely special occasions.”
“Are you talking about the skirts that they are wearing again?”
“Evan, would you stop it? Its tradition and it’s very manly. Did you know, that the average skirt that a woman wears today only takes from three to four yards of material to make? But a kilt needs eight yards, because of the pleats in the back of the kilt.”
“Yea, pleats, Julia. Does that sound like anything that a man would wear?”
“Well, just remember, Evan, when you wear yours, the pleats go in the back!”
“I told you, Julia. I’m not wearing one of those skirts!”
“I think that I’ll get you one like they have. And, of course, we’ll have to make sure that it hits just below the knee, so that your knobby knees don’t show.”
“I don’t have knobby knees!”
“Ah, so you’ll wear one?”
“No, Julia, I won’t wear it.” 
 “Evan, did you know that back in the middle ages, a kilt was not considered something that a woman would wear? A man wore this type of outfit because, when he was out on the battle field it was easier to relieve his bowels, and continue fighting at the same time.”
“Now, that’s something that I wouldn’t have thought of! Although I would imagine, that when fighting face to face on a battle field all day, when nature calls one couldn’t possibly say ‘excuse me for a moment,’ walk off, come back a little later and continue fighting.”
He begins to laugh “What if another enemy came up to them to fight, while his opponent is gone doing his thing, what are they supposed to say? ‘I’m sorry. I’m in the middle of fighting another man, but he’s indisposed right now. Could you pick on someone else until I’m through with him?’”
Starting to laugh even louder, yet trying to keep it as quiet as he could, Evan says, “Or, maybe, I could say, ‘Watch your step. The guy that I was just fighting did his thing right where you are standing.’”
“My goodness, Evan, do you have to be so graphic? If you laugh any harder you’re going to fall over.”
“Hey, you’re the one that started the subject matter.”
“Well it’s fact! But we don’t have to go into detail about it…. Ok now let’s approach this subject matter another way.  If you were asked to describe this group of pipers, how would you describe what they are wearing?”
“Black and red plaid skirt, with pleats in the back; black jacket with matching vest; white shirt with a black bowtie; cufflinks; a belt with a buckle, which I would think would match the cufflinks and they wear something that’s tied around their hips and it hangs down in front….”
Julia jumps in, “That’s called a ‘sporran.’ It’s a type of purse placed discretely in front, to act as a cod-piece and to protect their modesty.”
“I can see where that would do the trick Julia,” he says with a grin.
Julia could see the wheels spinning in his head, but stops him from saying what he is thinking, “Don’t you dare say anything, Evan. Just continue on with your description.”
“Their legs are black.”
“They’re not black Evan, they are wearing hose.”
“Hose? …Men wearing hose?”
“Evan!” 
“Ok, Julia, ok. I’ll try to stop, but I really want to know. What are hose?”
“Evan, are you really serious?”
“I’m serious, Julia. What do you mean by hose?”
“It’s what we call stockings.”
“Oh,”
Yes, and they roll them down to show off the small colorful flags attached to the garters on the outside of each leg…. Do you see them?”
“Yea, that’s neat.”
“And look at the Brogues.”
“…The what?”
“The black shoes, Evan. Do you see the long laces that cross back and forth as they are wrapped up the leg?”
“Yea, it kind of reminds me of a ballet shoe!”
“Evan, would you stop it? I thought that you were going to be serious.”
“I’m trying, Julia. I’m really trying! ” he says as he steps back holding his hands up, and out to each side in front of him.
“These pipers are classy, Evan!” she says with her hands on her hips and a pout on her face.
Walking back over to her, he stands to Julia’s right, his left arm wrapped around her shoulders and looks at her with his teasing little smile, “I know they are. I’m just having fun with you.” 
She finally begins to smile back at him, “You can always get me to smile, can’t you?”
Just then the sun caught some type of metal, and the light flashed back into, Evan’s eyes. “Wow, what was that?” he asked.
“It was probably the decorative handle of the sheathed knife, hidden in one leg of their hose or it was the metal kilt pin.”
“I can understand a hidden knife, but why do they have a pin in their kilt?”
“That all came about one day when Queen Victoria had a military inspection. It was windy, and as one of the privates was standing at attention, the wind kept blowing his kilt open, and there he was for all to see.”
“What do you mean, Julia? She was there to look at her soldiers.”
“Evan…the soldiers don’t wear any underwear under their kilts. She was there to see the uniform. Not what was under the uniform?”
“Oh!”
“Anyway, she took out a hat pin and secured his kilt, thus preserving his modesty. And since that time it has been traditional for a kilt pin to be worn with the kilt.”
“That’s interesting, Julia. A Queen using one of her hat pins to help her soldier. What’s the story on the hats they are wearing?”
“First of all, it’s called a bonnet and it actually doesn’t have any real ancient history. It basically grew from a pillbox style, you know, small and squatty?” She fashions her hands into the size of a small squatty box. “And then you know how things go. Everyone has to have more of something than other people have.”
“Ah, so the hats, excuse me bonnets, just continued getting bigger and bigger, with everyone trying to out do the other person. Is that right?”
“Yes, it was kind of like that.”
“It doesn’t sound like they were too much different than we are today?” he said kind of under his breath.
“And then their instruments… aren’t they beautiful?”
Before Evan can answer, the first sounds of the Bagpipe Band can be heard playing, ‘Amazing Grace’. Tears begin rolling down their cheeks as the faces of their dearest, newly fallen fellow officer’s flash so clearly in their minds.
Julia begins singing the words, “Amazing Grace, How Sweet the Sound.”
A short time later Julia comments quietly, “Look at their posture, they look so dignified, I feel like I’m in a romantic, far away country, watching them march through the King’s garden as they play their bagpipes.”
Later as the second verse starts, the drum section of the Bagpipe Band begins playing with the bagpipes, “I have goose bumps all down my arms Evan.  It’s so beautiful.”
“For all my teasing, Julia, I will agree with you. They are very impressive.”
As the music begins to end, both, Evan, and Julia quietly sing…“was blind, but now I see.”
The Governor of California stands up to the podium and thanks the Pipers for their rendition of, “Amazing Grace”. They acknowledge the Governor with a small tip of their heads, and click of their heels. As they turn around, the drummers play as they exit the area. The Governor then sits down.
The Attorney General approaches the podium and begins to speak. “The Public Safety Office, Medal of Valor Act, Effective January 1, 2003, authorizes the Governor of California to award a Medal of Valor to one or more public safety officers who are cited by the Attorney General for an extraordinary act of heroism, above and beyond the call of duty, to save the life of another person, or at risk to their own life, to save someone.”
“The Special Act, Gold Medal, is awarded for an extraordinary act of heroism, by a state employee extending far above, and beyond the normal call of duty or service performed at great risk to his, or her own life in an effort to save a human life.”
The Attorney General ends with, “Would Officer Evan Meyers and Officer Julia Lloyd please come up on stage?” On cue the Governor stands up and shakes their hands. As he begins to speak, the Attorney General sits down.
For the first time Evan notices that his superior is standing next to the Governor. In his mind he yells, “You bag of fermenting garbage!!!  It is because of you that our governors were almost taken hostage and it is because of you that Jasmine and Juan are dead…. Don’t worry though I’ll get you!  Someday I’ll get you for all that you have done to our team, to our dead comrades, to their families and for what you tried to do to our state and country.”
After he adjusts the microphone the Governor begins his speech.
“On September 9, 2009, Officers Evan Meyers and Julia Lloyd were at Sutter’s Fort, doing their part as plain clothes officers, of the Sacramento County Sheriff’s Special Enforcement Detail. We had been told that the Al Entisar Brigade was planning a terrorist attack somewhere in our country, but we didn’t know where all their terrorist cells were located.  What we did know was that after all of the Governors had arrived, we had sightings, here in California, of Abdul Al-Esawii, a famous terrorist and leader of this brigade. With this information, Evan and Julia were to keep their eyes and ears open while patrolling Sutter’s Fort, one of our popular tourist destinations in the middle of our beautiful Capital.  This would be a place where anyone not familiar with the area could meet and not be questioned, while all the Governors of the Western States were here in Sacramento for a Western States Conference on Water Conservation.”
Standing on stage during the Governors speech, Evan could hardly keep his eyes off of his supervisor, wishing he could arrest him right there and then.  Julia’s mind had gone blank and she barely heard the Governor when he said:
“Toward the end of the Mystery Dinner Theatre, after defusing the bombs on the hull of the river boat, the Special Enforcement Detail had taken the place of the original Can-Can dancers. While entering the stage they were ready to put on their own great dramatic ending taking as many Governors with them as they could.”
“I must say at this moment, that the skills that our officers have are the best in America. But I have to tell you, since I was there, that they were some of the ugliest Can-Can dancers that I have ever seen.”
Laughing came loudly and quickly after this statement, as all of the officers patted each other on the back. The movement of the audience, and loud laughter brought both Evan and Julia back to the present.
After the laughing died down, the Governor continued, “Drawing attention away from the now substituted Can-Can dancers as they entered the stage to do their dance, one of the terrorists ran across the dining room to tell his commander that the Chef had accidentally set a small fire in the kitchen, and they hadn’t been able to put it out. Without knowledge that the bombs they had secured to the hull of the Delta King, had already been disarmed, the terrorists began to panic.”
“Taking advantage of this chaotic circumstance, the Can-Can dancers invited some of the Governors up on stage to dance with them, and somehow managed to shuffle them off the boat.”
Looking out to the audience, the Governor laughed, as he said “You’ve got to show me the steps to your shuffle. I would like to use it in some of my meetings.” The audience began to laugh, knowing and understanding the politics of the State of California.
Getting back to his speech, the Governor continued, “Abdul, finally calmed his men and got everything under control. As he looked around he became furious, when he realized that during all the commotion, many hostages and the Can-Can dancers had escaped. In his rage, he ordered his team to explode the bombs they had planted on the hull a few nights before. When this was unsuccessful, he realized that the bombs had probably been disarmed and became extremely angry.”
“Since their first plan had not worked, they initiated a second plan by starting a larger fire in the middle of the Pilothouse, Mystery Theatre Dining Room. There were yells and screams as the remaining hostages began to panic. Abdul then took the Governor of Arizona, along with the Governor of California as hostages while he and his team left by the main door, having chained and pad locked all of the other exits.”
“As the fire raged, several of the hostages, who were left behind, tried to leave the restaurant through the same doors. This action resulted in several of them being wounded by two of the terrorists who were standing guard just outside the door, while their leader, and those who were with him, left.”
“The soldiers of the Al-Entisar Brigade, by the main door, were in the sites of the SWAT Team, and were wounded. The SWAT Team had orders not to kill anyone, unless they were instructed other wise, as the terrorists tried to escape.”
“The Special Enforcement Detail Officers surrounded the leader and those that were with him. After a long fire fight, both Governors were rescued, and the wounded terrorists were taken into custody.  Sadly, during the conflict, two of our officers, Officer Juan Martinez and Officer Jasmine Kim, were mortally wounded. We will be eternally grateful for their sacrifice.”
The Governor paused for a few moments of silence in memory of these officers.
“On the inside of the Delta King, Officers Meyers and Lloyd were able to quiet the remaining hostages. Finally, while Officer Lloyd stayed with the wounded hostages, Officer Meyers found an escape route through a back door in the kitchen that the terrorists had over looked.”
On stage Evan and Julia looked at each other, remembering how Evan’s clothes had started to catch fire several times, as hot ashes dropped, and bursts of flames had reached out to stroke his shirt, and pants.
Julia remembered how her hair had come out of the bun that she had it in, making it more accessible to the hot ashes flying through the air, as she was trying to help the hostages through the kitchen.
With a stroke of good luck, Julia had found towels in a nearby drawer and socked them in water, handing one to Evan and each of the hostages as they were ready to run through the searing flames to safety.
Visions of their assignment fade and thoughts come back to what the Governor is saying as they hear him report new information, “What we have found out, through several interrogations with each of the captured terrorists and specifically their leader, is that their plan was to hold the Governors for ransom.  They needed the money because they were in the process of sending aid and weapons to help the Syrians, knowing that they would be involved in war after the Libyan revolution.  In their first shipment they had ordered 2,000 metric tons of rocket propelled grenade launchers, general purpose machine guns and ammunition, but it had been seized off the coast of Lebanon.  Their second shipment was to consist of weapons hidden among 460 metric tons of aid destined for refugees….  This is what they needed the ransom money for.”  
Looking directly at Evan and Julia he states, “It is because of you that their second shipment of weapons will not be delivered.  And because of your efforts our soldiers are a lot safer today.”   
“For being instrumental in capturing these dangerous men and for helping several of the wounded hostages to escape the increasing intensity of the fire, while returning several times to retrieve the wounded, at the peril of their own lives, today I have the honor of awarding Officers Evan Meyers and Julia Lloyd, the State of California Special Act Gold Medal of Valor.”
As the Governor puts a medal around Julia’s neck and shakes her hand; he turns to get the second medal and puts it around Evan’s neck and shakes his hand.  Looking at both of them he privately says, “It is a privilege to be in the company of such brave individuals. You both represent the courageous spirit of California that has always made our state so great.”
“Thank you, Sir,” Julia graciously responds.
Evan asks, “Governor, would it be alright if I asked you a question?”
“Certainly Officer Meyers, what is it that you would like to ask?”
“Governor, with your permission, I would like to have everyone that helped that day, to stand. Would that be all right?”
“That would be fine with me, Officer Meyers,” the Governor responded.
Evan went to the podium and asked for everyone that helped to resolve the incident that day, to please stand. No one wanted to be recognized, so he said, “Officers Anderson, Johnson and Schriever, please stand up.”
Out of respect for Evan they finally stand up.
“Now, the rest of you, please stand. We wouldn’t have been able to successfully finish this assignment, if you wouldn’t have been there also.” 
There was no movement in the crowd. Raising his hands he added, “Come on….Come on now,” the rest of the unit slowly stood up. Evan continued, “This Medal of Valor belongs to all of you and it will be displayed at our department headquarters. May we always work together, as well as we did, on September 9, 2009.”
Everyone responded with applause, and whistles, finally acknowledging their part, in the rescue of the Governors from all the Western States.
After the award ceremony, Evan and Julia walked around Old Sacramento. They finally found themselves standing on a corner facing the Delta King River Boat.
“I’m hungry…shall we?” Evan asks as he gestures toward the paddle boat.
“Why not, it looks like it has been refurbished.”
As they walked in through the main entrance Officers Anderson, Johnson and Schriever, who had arrived before them, began clapping and whistling.  Julia’s face turned a bright red, and Evan motioned with his hands, to quiet down. They were escorted to a beautiful table by a window overlooking the Sacramento River.
The Delta King and her (I say her, because a ship is always referred to as a female, because it protects and eventually delivers her cargo, or passengers, as does a mother with her child) sister ship the Delta Queen were the finest paddle wheelers traveling between Sacramento and San Francisco from 1927 to 1940. The refurbishing that had been done since September 9th had regained the charm, grace, and elegance that it first had during its glory years.
“Look at the cute couple. They never seem to go anywhere, unless they are together. I think that there is something going on that’s more than partners on the force,” Schriever derides, as he looks in their direction.
Johnson, added, “You could be right, Schriever. I wish I had a partner like, Julia. Not only is she a good officer, she really looks good in that uniform.”
“Hey guys, give them a break. Schriever, you and I are partners, and we go everywhere together,” Anderson remarked.
“I’m thinking that that’s a little different, Anderson. We’re buddies.”
Quietly, Anderson answers. “Maybe that’s all that’s between them also.”
“Look at her! There’s no way that any man could be just a buddy with her. Men and good looking women cannot be buddies!” stated, Schriever.
“You know what? Beauty is in the eye of the beholder,” Johnson, admonishes. “Whatever it is, let them be. They make a great team.”
Anderson looked up and noticed that Evan and Julia were walking out of the restaurant. “Where are they going? They just got here. Do you think that it’s too soon for them to be here, at the Delta King?”
“No. That terrorist incident was two months ago. I saw Evan reach for his cell phone just a minute ago. As soon as he hung up, he leaned over to Julia and talked to her. They must have to go somewhere,” Johnson, added.
“I hope that they didn’t hear us talking about them,” Schriever shamefully stated.
“Excuse me, we weren’t talking about them. You were talking about them, Schriever,” Anderson, scolded.
“You’re right. Sorry guys.”
Evan and Julia had been summoned to an emergency meeting with their commanding officer. During the last three months there had been several young boys killed, always under the light of a full moon. Their commanding office wanted Evan, to head the task force. He also wanted Julia to help when she returned from her vacation. They had both agreed to be part of his team to find this mass killer, but Evan was anxious to take this assignment hoping he could also get more proof, connecting his supervisor to the terrorists.
Julia’s premonition at the very moment she agreed to be part of the task force was that this could possibly mark the beginning of the possible end of her life. Yet, she also felt that it would open memories of a true love that had been forgotten through a web of time.
Her awakening memories would, little by little, reveal a hidden history that Evan never wanted exposed again; memories buried so deeply, he had become a different person to escape them. Though it could possibly be an end for both of them, it is truly just a part of their own heroic beginning.
Through these courageous soul experiences, Evan and Julia would learn that life isn’t what we have planned. Life is a part of destiny that has a way of guiding us to where our heart truly resides.
For now, leaving on her vacation was what she needed.  She decided to take it a day at a time, but it quickly passed. After returning home from visiting with her family in New Mexico, she renewed her determination to concentrate just on that, taking it a day at a time.
Worried about Evan, and curious about his new investigation, she had returned home earlier than planned, and had two more days until she had to report to work. Having made no specific plans in advance, Julia thought, “Maybe I’ll just take a short nap on my favorite sofa.”  She quickly fell asleep.
When she woke up she called her mother and said, “Mom, while I was sleeping, I had a dream that was so real, it seemed like I was there. I wasn’t looking at this person. I WAS this person! It was like my face was in a mask, and through my own eyes, or from the holes made in the mask for my eyes I could see what was happening. I was on my knees, bending over a wood block, with my hands behind me. I looked up to my left. I could see a man with his hands stretched high above his head, holding an ax. I knew that he was going to use all of his strength, to sever my neck from my body with one slice.”
“What do you mean Julia?”
“I don’t know mom, but this is the second time, that I have had that dream.”
“What?”
“The first time I saw it, my breath was taken away, and I was extremely shaken. But this time, I decided to face this experience, and took the time to look at the ax. To my amazement, I actually found it to be very beautiful. It had a long wooden handle. At the upper end of the handle there was a beautiful silver ax, with decorative scrolls cut through it at the thicker end and at the thinner end, it was very clean and sharp.  The executioner was about 6 feet tall…”
“You saw the executioner?”
“Yes.  He had blonde hair and a blonde beard. He was very muscular and had a very concerned, but determined look on his face. Within my heart came the understanding that my husband had made the decision that I was to be beheaded. I knew at that moment, that it was not in this time; it was another moment in time that I had been given a glimpse of. Strangely, I felt very calm, and at peace when I looked up at him. As the ax was about to come down, I suddenly woke up to the ringing of my cell phone. It was Evan.”
“Thank goodness he called you, Julia.  That was a scary dream.  What did Evan want?”
“He was calling to see if I could go out to dinner tonight. There was someone that he wanted me to meet.”
 “Good, you won’t be alone after a dream like that.”
“It was rather strange wasn’t it?”
Julia hears a knock on the door.
“I have to go now Mom, they’re here.”
“Ok sweetie, have a nice evening.  Love you.”
“Love you too.  Bye.”
 Evan and his friend were standing on her door step. He introduced Julia to, Jon. The lighting was poor, but she immediately thought that Jon looked familiar. His stance made her think that she had stood next to him, somewhere before. It seemed like there was a wall in her brain, that wouldn’t come down, because she couldn’t make sense of her feelings. Nevertheless, they all walked out to the car, got in, and Evan, drove toward the freeway.
“I want to take both of you to a new Chinese Restaurant that I found, just before I went to the Beach House.” Evan’s mouth began to water, as he fantasized about Sweet and Sour Pork, and his favorite, Beef and Broccoli. He was unexpectedly brought back to reality when he received a call from his team, notifying him that he was needed at the newest crime scene, that something very important had been found.
Since Jon, and Julia were with Evan when he got the call, and they were on the freeway, there wasn’t anywhere Jon and Julia could be dropped off, so they traveled with Evan to his assignment. 
The team had called to say that they had found two new bodies that could possibly be part of the current serial killings. As soon as Evan received the call, he put the red and blue revolving dome light on the roof of his car. Within a second, Evan was driving at lightning speed.
Arriving at the crime scene, Evan got out of the car.  Looking around at his team he asked Julia if she would stay with Jon, since she was still officially on vacation, until he could get back.
“I’d be glad to Evan,” she responded.
After Evan left the car, Jon and Julia sat for a while in silence. Then her curiosity became too much to handle.  Julia asked, “What is in the backpack that you are carrying, Jon?”
“It’s a notebook.  I have written all of my most cherished memories in it and I keep it with me in my backpack.”
“Would you feel comfortable in sharing any of them with me?” she asked.
Jon changed the subject, and stated, “Evan is really a great guy, isn’t he?” His voice sounded like he was reminiscing.
Julia realized that he was uncomfortable talking about his notebook, so she followed his lead, and asked him, “Are you a police officer also?”
“No. I’m an Attorney in Los Angeles.”
“What are you doing here in Sacramento?” 
 “I needed to come to talk to, Evan, about a case that I am helping a fellow attorney with.”
“You needed to come to talk to Evan about something that is happening in Los Angeles?” She asked in a surprised tone since each court district has different laws pertaining to crime.
“Had been happening,” he emphasized. “My client, the person who the police arrested for the same type of serial killings in the city of Los Angeles, escaped from the Court House during a pre-trial hearing, when he realized that he was going to be kept in jail for three months, until his trial.”
He continued, “About a month after he had escaped, I heard a news report concerning the same type of killings that had been happening in Los Angeles, were now happening in Sacramento. They were all happening under a full moon, just as they had in Los Angeles.”
“I went to the Internet, and saw the picture of you and Evan, that had been posted when you both received your Medals of Valor.”
“Next to that article was the article that said that Evan was in charge of this investigation.  The killer seemed to have the same M.O. that my client was suspected of, so I came to see if it was my client, or possibly someone else, so that I could potentially clear my client. I also wanted to congratulate, Evan, and meet you.”
 Jon, immediately sat back, and was quiet once again.
Julia was sitting in the front passenger seat. She tried to turn around to completely face Jon, but realized that she hadn’t taken off her safety belt. Rather than turning completely around to talk to him, she put down the front visor, and opened the mirror so that she could see him as they talked. The light was shining just bright enough that she could barely see him. Trying to adjust her eyes, she was shocked when the car was in the direct line of a light that was being used at the crime scene. It was the first time that she truly got a good look at what Jon actually looked like.
Stunned she couldn’t move! She believed in Evan, as far as his choice of friends and her safety was concerned. But, she also believed her dream. She sat there stiff as a board, juggling her thoughts back and forth. “He looks like the executioner, but how could that be? Was my dream a warning?” she said over and over in her mind. Confused and very frightened, her body froze. She couldn’t move. She couldn’t talk.
“Julia, are you ok?” Jon asked with a concerned tone.
“It’s him! It’s got to be him.” She said to herself as her mind began to thaw out, and she began to think.  “My dream was a premonition. This man was probably the person that has been following me home from work. And if my dream is correct, he is going to kill me.”
Julia didn’t know who to trust. She hadn’t had time to talk to Evan because he had been at the Beach House for some reason. Now she was alone in a car, with a man who looked like the executioner in her dream. And Evan, the person that she completely trusted, was several yards away in the woods investigating his newest crime scene.
Along with her dreams, she had been receiving letters which were very creepy. They were filled with words made up from individual alphabet letters, torn from newspapers and magazines. They had then been pasted onto paper, to spell out words and sentences that threatened her life.
Her dreams… the letters… together with being followed as she walked home from work. All of these experiences came flooding into her mind. Taking a breath, she tried to relax and then asked, Jon, “How long were you at the Beach House with, Evan?”
“I’ve been at the Beach House off and on for the last few months. But, I was just there for a day before we traveled to come to see you.”
Julia had her answer, it must be him! She decided to get out of the car as fast as she could. Quickly opening the door, and walking a few steps, she saw something move in the shadows to her right. She reached for her gun, but it wasn’t there.
With pictures quickly flashing in her mind, reminding her that she wasn’t wearing her official uniform, she was wearing her favorite basic black dress. 
“Ahhh… I remember. Evan, my partner, and Jon, his friend, were taking me out to dinner and I put my gun by my side on the seat.” Unexpectedly she was distracted by someone yelling her name, directly behind her.
“Julia!”
The sound of having her name yelled had attracted the attention of the person she had seen moving in the shadows, on the perimeter of the crime scene. She could see his piercing dark eyes as he turned, looking in her direction.
At that same moment loud running steps were quickly coming up behind her. Julia quickly turned.  It was Jon. 
“You left your gun in the car,” he said out of breath and with a great deal of concern in his voice.
As Jon was handing the gun to her, he instantly realized that there was another person walking out of the shadows, coming towards both of them. He had a gun raised and pointed in her direction, ready to shoot.
“Julia,” the stranger said, more as a statement, than a question.
At that very moment she wanted to tell Even, her very best friend about her predicament in these words, “His dark eyes glistened with excitement, penetrating my very soul, making me feel like I was his prey. His smile made me feel like we knew each other. Yet at the same moment, I realized that he was very pleased with the situation that he found us both in.” But Evan wasn’t there.
Feeling apprehensive, she answered, “Yes?” Hoping that he was part of the crime team.
Smiling, he then said, “You’re still much prettier in person.”
Two shots were suddenly fired from the stranger’s gun. Julia was stunned, not knowing how she should feel, realizing that years of training had taught her how to take the shots, but now she would know what it felt like.
Within seconds, she prepared herself mentally to take the hit, when she suddenly realized that Jon had thrown himself in front of her. Both shots hit him directly, and he fell to the ground, as the shooter quickly ran back into the woods. Julia looked down at, Jon, not believing what had just happened. He wasn’t moving. A pool of blood was accumulating on the ground under him. His breathing was labored.
Kneeling by his side, Julia cradled his head in her lap. “Jon, why didn’t you stay in the car?” 
Jon looked up at Julia and said, “Katherine I will always love you. Our ring is in my coat pocket. Please give my backpack to Evan. He’ll know what to do with it.”
“Jon, why did you throw yourself in front of me?” she questioned. “Why did you do that? He wanted me, not you, Jon! You could have saved yourself.”
Everything seemed so weird. Julia was having trouble connecting with reality. Finally her mind cleared, and she began to realize the veracity of the situation. In a pleading voice, she commanded, “Jon, don’t you die! You hear me? Stay with me, don’t die.”
Jon looked up once again at Julia and softly said, “I love you, Katherine.” His facial expression slowly faded, and his breathing stopped as his head slowly lowered to his left side.
The sound of shots being fired brought the Crime Team running with their guns drawn. They arrived, just as Jon’s body went limp.
“What happened?” the first officer asked.
Julia was still in shock, but tried to remember her training. “The shooter is about 5 feet 10 inches tall, a slim build with long black hair, and dark piercing eyes. He is wearing a plaid cowboy shirt, with blue denim pants, dark brown moccasins, and a turquoise necklace. His belt has a huge silver buckle, and he is armed with a Beretta 92 FS. Be careful. He’s dangerous.” Looking to her right, she added, “I saw him run toward that grove of trees.”
Jon’s motionless body lay on the ground with his head still lying in Julia’s lap when Evan arrived. Suddenly her whole being was overcome with an overwhelming feeling of grief.  She began to cry uncontrollably. 
Julia’s reaction to this situation frightened her. “I couldn’t understand what my body was trying to tell me. Was I losing it?” She had always been able to understand death, and sadness, but this was uncontrollable grief. “Why would I react this way toward someone that I have just met?” she questioned.
In all of their police work as partners, Evan had never seen Julia lose her composure in any situation, much less uncontrollably crying after a shooting. 
When they helped the Governors on the Delta King River Boat, running back and forth, helping the hostages escape the fire, knowing that they could die at any moment, Julia had never felt like this! Several days after the terrorist episode was over, when she would have flash backs remembering specific parts of that assignment, she still never reacted like this.  It was just part of the job, and she dealt with it.
But today, within three minutes after she had left Evan’s car, Jon was dead. His blood was soaking his clothes, and Julia was kneeling by his side with his head on her lap.
Reliving the past few minutes she voiced to herself, “This man, whom I felt I had been forewarned to be a danger to my life, in truth, at this very moment, had been my protector.”
Looking down at him, through new eyes, she wondered, “What is this peaceful look that he has on his face? What did he mean when he called me Katherine? Who was Katherine? What was written in his notebook, that he had carried in his backpack? What did he mean when he said “our ring”?
After this terrible incident, and misinterpretation of her dream, she had a lot of questions that she wanted to ask Evan about Jon.
“Are you ok?” Evan asked with a feeling of uneasiness in his voice.
Julia still couldn’t talk, so she just shook her head up and down, to let him know that she was ok. Finally, through her tears, she could see his concerned look and finally spoke, “Jon threw himself in front of me Evan…he saved my life.”
“Why did you get out of the car?” he asked. “I told you both to stay where you were, to keep you safe.”
“Initially, it was because of a dream that I had.”
“A dream…?” Evan, spoke in a tone that sounded like he couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“Yes. I tried to tell you about it, when you called earlier.”
 Just at that moment, Evan’s crime team came back from searching the woods, telling him that they had searched the perimeter, and couldn’t find anyone fitting the description that Julia had given them.
Evan responded to his men. “We’ll have to bring in more officers and widen the search. Sanders, would you call an ambulance? Anderson, Johnson and Schriever, stay here with Julia, and wait for the ambulance, while I finish this crime scene investigation.”
“Yes, Sir,” they all replied in unison.
“Julia, I’ll talk to you in a little bit. Are you feeling well enough that you could stay here with Jon, while I get this other business taken care of?”
“Yes. I’ll stay with him, until you are through.”
Two small bodies were found. They were young boys and their throats had been slashed from side to side. Evan would now have to look at Jon’s notes, to see if the throats were cut in the same way here, as they had been in Los Angeles. He would have to find out, if all of the bodies in Los Angeles were found in a woody area, and was it always a full moon?
As for now, it was late, and Evan wanted to make sure that Jon’s body was taken care of. When he returned to Julia, he asked once again. “How are you doing?” concerned with her emotional status.
“I’ll be fine, as soon as I process everything that has happened.”
“I’m going to have Anderson drive you in my car, while I accompany Jon. Would you do that, Anderson?”
“It would be my honor, Sir.”
“Thank you. Julia, you and I will talk later.”
Julia rode behind the ambulance with Anderson, as Evan accompanied his friend on his last journey in this life.
Leaving the morgue, Evan and Julia, dropped Anderson off at the station. They then drove to Julia’s apartment where they rested, and thought about the events of the evening.
Finally, Julia handed Jon’s backpack to Evan. “Jon asked me to give you this.”
Evan looked at the backpack covered with Jon’s blood. There was silence for a while, and then Evan said, “I remember watching Jon carry this all the time at the Beach House….he told me what he had written in it.” 
Again, silence over came both of them, as they washed his blood off of the backpack, remembering Jon, and the sacrifice that he had made for Julia.
After an extended amount of time, Evan broke the silence with, “Julia, what was it that you wanted to talk to me about?”
She finally told him about the life threatening letters that she had been receiving, and the fact, that someone had followed her home from work.
“Why didn’t you tell me about this before?”
“I tried to….”
“I know that you tried to tell me earlier today, but why didn’t you tell me about this when it first began?”
“You’ve been at the Beach House. What could you have done about it, Evan?”
“I’m sorry, Julia. You know that it wasn’t a vacation. And I needed to be there longer than I had planned. But don’t you know that whenever you are in danger, I’ll be there for you?”
“Yes I know that, but you’ve been under so much stress lately. Then you were assigned to this case….”
Evan instantly interjected, “Which brings up a point, you said that the person in the shadows knew your name?”
“Yes. When he called me, Julia, he wasn’t asking me if I was Julia. It was like he knew who I was. And then, he told me that I was still prettier in person.”
Evan raised his voice. “He said, still?” Evan, paused, and then asked, “Did you know him?”
“No. I don’t remember ever seeing him before.”
“How would he know who you are then?”
“Well, for one thing, Jon called my name when he was bringing my gun to me.”
“Yes, but was this man calling you by your name just because he heard, Jon, call out your name, or did he realize that you were the person that he had been looking for?”
“Are you saying that he is the person that has been sending the creepy life threatening letters and following me home from work?”
“I don’t know. I’m just trying to figure this whole thing out.”
“Evan, why would anyone connected with these killings be after me?”
“Maybe it has nothing to do with these serial killings. Tonight, you were wearing a dress, and your hair was down. You weren’t wearing a uniform. Yet, you were the one he was coming after. When did these letters start coming?”
“Do you remember when we had both received our Medal of Valor awards, and then we were assigned to this detail, but I already had my vacation planned?”
“Yes, I remember.”
“Well, the letters started at the beginning of the month. When I came back from vacation, I had a couple of these letters in my mail box.”
Thinking for a moment, Evan says, “Julia, do you remember a few days after the award ceremony, I had put out an article in the newspaper that specifically targeted the killer, saying that I would get him?”
“Yes, I remember that.”
“Do you have either of those articles?” Evan asks. 
Julia walks to her den, with Evan right behind her.
Picking up her scrapbook, she turns the pages, showing every newspaper article that appears in print, concerning her police work.
“Here are the articles. The only one that has a picture is the Medal of Valor ceremonies, where we are both together. Here it is.”
CONGRATULATIONS TO
OFFICER EVAN MEYERS and OFFICER JULIA LLOYD.
ON SEPTEMBER 9TH OF 2009,
THEY UNSELFISHLY RISKED THEIR OWN LIVES, TO SAVE THE LIVES OF OTHERS.
FOR THIS HERORIC DEED
AND FOR THEIR OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO OUR COMMUNITY,
WE ARE AWARDING EACH OF THEM
THE SPECIAL ACT, GOLD MEDAL OF VALOR, THE HIGHEST AWARD
IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
MAY THEIR LIFE TOGETHER BE AS WONDERFUL AS THEY HAVE MADE OUR LIVES.
After looking at the picture and reading the caption, Evan said, “I always wondered if that last sentence would come back to haunt us. Why does everyone automatically think that we are a couple?”
“Maybe because we get along so well, and they are jealous?” Julia said with a questioning smile.
Evan responds, “Obviously the individual that is killing these boys, also reads the newspaper. I wonder if he is finding them through articles in the newspaper, the same way that he found out what we looked like.”
“Evan, if that’s true, once he finds a boys name, or sees a boys picture, he could then find an address, go on the internet and find out where the house is.”
“Exactly…. And he’s coming after you because he knows that I am the head detective on this case. I threatened him in the newspaper article telling him that he couldn’t escape; that we would find him. From this picture, he thinks that we are a couple.”
“Yes?” Julia questioned, wondering what Evan would say next. “Come on, Evan, out with it.”
“Well, his answer to that challenge is to come after you, letting me know that I am not the one that is in control here. We’ve either got to get you to a safe house, or I have to be taken off of this case.”
“Evan, he’d still come after me, even if you were taken off the case. What would you think of me going back to my mother’s house?”
“No, I don’t think that would be safe enough.”
“Evan, she lives in New Mexico. Do you know how far away that is?”
“Yes, I’m well aware of how far it is, Julia. But I just couldn’t handle it if anything ever happened to you.”
“I’ll take a leave of absence, go to my mother’s, and you and I will talk everyday on our cell phones. That should work, Evan.”
“I don’t know. Let me think about this. Just get your bags packed, ok?” 
By morning, Evan had formulated a plan. They would go to a safe house, a few miles from here. He had three cars that looked alike come to Julia’s my apartment, early in the morning. She had an underground garage, at my apartment complex and the cars drove in one after the other. The police had formed a perimeter around the garage and didn’t allow anyone to come, or go, during the time that they were getting into the car. Since we didn’t know who to trust, Evan asked the officer driving the car that we were going to use, “Do you mind if I drive?”
“That would be fine, sir,” and he got out of the car, walked over to another car, and drove with a different officer so that they could be alone.
After Evan and Julia got into their assigned car, all of the cars began driving out of the underground garage and onto the surface streets at the same time. The windows were tinted, so that no one could tell who was in any of the cars. They all drove as a caravan until they approached the freeway, and one car after another went in different directions.
Evan and Julia drove for two hours. After going north for half an hour they exited that freeway, and entered another freeway going west. They turned around again and reentered the Interstate going east. Evan’s thought, was that they didn’t know who would be following us. Julia didn’t know who had come from the shadows at the crime scene. And she certainly didn’t know who was sending the messages. But, the mere fact, that they could be followed was enough to have a plan to drive in several different directions, to lose anyone who might be inclined to follow them.
Finally, Evan was confident that they were not being followed. After traveling on a few side streets, he entered a freeway, heading south to their final destination.
As they began to feel safe once again their thoughts returned to Jon. Julia wanted to know. What was the bond that Evan and Jon shared? And who was Katherine? What did Jon mean when he said, “Our ring is in my pocket?”
Julia had made sure that she retrieved the ring from Jon’s pocket, and had taken his backpack off of his shoulder, before he had been put in the ambulance and taken to the morgue.
The ring was beautiful. It was a small red rose set on a gold band. On the inside of the ring was the word, “Destiny” and a carving of a small boat. What meaning did a red rose, the word destiny and a small boat have for Jon, and Katherine? What had he written in his notebook?
Many questions continued to formulate in Julia’s mind. How could she have been so wrong in her interpretation of the dream that had frightened her just yesterday?
Looking at Evan she asked, “Can we talk about the dream that I had yesterday afternoon?”
“Sure, Julia I’m ready to listen.”
She told Evan about her dream, the ax and the executioner. “The executioner, looked just like, Jon.”
Evan interrupted Julia, “Jon and I were talking about that when we were on our way to get you for dinner.”
“How could you and, Jon, know anything about my dream before I even told you about it?”
“It’s not that I knew about your dream, but I know what you are talking about.”
Julia looked at him wondering if he had really heard her.
“Evan, I had a dream that really, truly, scared me…. My interpretation of this dream, lead to the death of a man, who had become your best friend. And here, you are calmly telling me, that you know what I was talking about?”
“Let me explain, Julia. Jon and I were at Daniel’s Beach House in his great room. I don’t know what it is about that room. It just makes you feel like you’re at home, and that you can say anything to anybody. It has beautiful comfortable furniture, befitting a beach house; a gorgeous rock fireplace and lots of huge long windows, to look outside at the magnificent movement of the ocean waves. The ceiling is open to the second floor, which has a balcony overlooking the first floor. It emanates an overwhelming feeling of love, and freedom.”
Evan looked into Julia’s eyes, wondering if she would, or even could, remember anything from the description of the great room that he had just told her. When she didn’t give any indication that she did, he continued.
“Anyway, Julia, we were sitting in Daniel’s great room, we were both very vulnerable, and ready to talk about our past.
Jon began telling me his story with, ‘I’m telling you this, because I know that you will believe me.’”
“He told me everything he remembered, and I did believe him, Julia.” Evan looked into her eyes again. “Someday I’ll tell you why I believed him. For right now, here is Jon’s backpack. He wrote his memories in a story form. Why don’t you read it while we’re driving?  It will explain your dream, and all of the questions that are buzzing around in your cute little head.”
Julia looked at Evan with a puzzled look, wondering what he was talking about.  She decided to pick up the backpack, open it up, and take out the notebook, silently reading what Jon had written.
Evan looked over and smiled at Julia. “Why don’t you read it out loud? I’d like to hear it again.” 



CHAPTER 2


Today, as I was driving back to the office from the District Court, the taxi drivers were honking their car horns at everybody that got in their way. There was the typical noise from construction, and throngs of people driving their cars with radio’s blasting away. But it didn’t bother me. Nothing bothered me, as I drove my car with all the windows rolled completely down. I was one with the wind. It was part of my soul and no one could take that away from me.

* * *

“Say, Julia, would you read just a little louder? I don’t want to miss anything.”
“Ok. Let me know if I get too soft again. Do you want me to start over?”
“No. He’s just talking about the taxi drivers, loud radios and construction, isn’t he? Just continue on.”
“Ok. Here we go.”

* * *

All of this confusion normally annoyed me, but today the sun was shining and I had just won my Criminal case. Of course, I wouldn’t even have made it to the Court House on time, if it hadn’t been for Jennifer, my paralegal.
I have come to depend on Jennifer a great deal. With her around, I don’t worry about things getting done, as far as documents being mailed in a timely fashion, or making sure that I get to court on time to defend my clients.
As an example, earlier this morning, I was leaning back in my chair relaxing, feeling free from all of the stress I had been under recently. Images began formulating in my head. The more I relaxed, the clearer and more life like the pictures became. I was riding a horse as a young boy, dressed in Victorian Era clothes. To my surprise, I actually felt the wind blowing through my hair, when Jennifer walked into my office and said “Jon, are you still here? I thought that you would be on your way to the Court House.”
“What time is it?” I asked.
“It’s 9:15 a.m. I thought that you had a Preliminary Hearing at 9:30 a.m.?”
“What the heck?” I was surprised the morning had gone so quickly. My feet immediately slid off my desk, as I sat up.  Jennifer helped me to throw all my papers into my brief case. I ran down the stairs, got into my car, driving as quickly as I could to the Court House. The judge was a little annoyed at me for being late. During the hearing it was determined that the evidence wasn’t sufficient enough to hold my client anyway and he was set free. “Yea, another win for the best Criminal Lawyer in the City of Los Angeles,” I said to myself.
After I arrived back at my office, my planned celebration was cut short when the phone rang. “Jon, would you stand in for me at a felony arraignment today at 3:00 p.m.?”
“I don’t know, Tom. I don’t know anything about your client’s case, and I don’t have time to prepare for it.”
Tom broke down. “I have a family problem. If I don’t go home, I don’t think that my wife is going to stay with me.”
“It’s that bad, Tom?”
“It is, Jon. Look, there’s nothing to this arraignment. It’s just letting the judge know our plea, and setting a Preliminary Hearing date to determine if there is sufficient evidence against my client. I wouldn’t ask you if it wasn’t an emergency.”
“Ok, Tom. I’ll help you out. But remember, you owe me one.”
“I’ll owe you forever, Jon. Thanks a million.”
“Good luck with everything, Tom. See you later.”
“Later, Jon…. Good-bye.”
Walking out of my office to where my paralegal was, I said, “Jennifer, I have a Felony Arraignment at 3:00 p.m. today. Don’t let me forget it, ok?”
“When have I ever let you down, Jon?”
Laughing, I said, “Never. That’s why I’m letting you know.”
While I went into the library to research for an upcoming trial, Jennifer continued typing out memorandums. Time goes by quickly and finally the clock chimes 3:00, the exact time that, Jon is expected to be at court. Jennifer looks up at the clock.
“You have got to be kidding!” Getting up from her desk, she runs to Jon’s office.
“Jon, Jon! Oh I hope that you are already gone.” She looks in my office, and just like this morning, I was finally taking a short break, sitting with my feet up on my desk, dreaming away.
“Jon!” she screams, “here’s your suit coat. Get up. Run Jon. Run to your car, and put the pedal to the metal, like your life depended on it.”
I scrambled out of my office, half dazed, kind of knowing what I was doing, and where I was going. By the time I reached the Court House, I ran up to the court room and looked in. “Crap! It’s the same Judge that was here this morning when I was late,” I mumbled to myself.
Walking into the court room, the Judge looks at me, smiles, and quips, “Well, I see that you have finally arrived. Shall we start calling you Jonny-come-lately?”
“No Sir. I apologize for being late. I’m filling in for a colleague of mine.”
“Have you had time to talk to your client yet?”
“No Sir. Would you mind if I took a few minutes now?”
“That would be fine, Jonny-come-lately. I’m in the middle of another arraignment now anyway.”
“Thank you, sir.”
I went down the hall to the holding tank and spoke to the officer in charge. “Hello, I’m looking for Larry Eagle.”
“Right over here, sir,” as he points to a gentleman.
I walked over to him. “Are you, Larry?” I questioned. “That’s me,” he says, giving me a restless look.
“My name is Jon. I’m representing you today. Would it be all right if we talked for a few minutes, about your case?”
“Sure. All I want is to get out of here!”
“Officer, could we go into a conference room where we can both decide on his plea?”
“Yes. Here’s one right here.”
Walking into the conference room, I explained to, Larry “Today isn’t your trial. It’s what is called an arraignment where we enter a plea. If you plead guilty you will go directly to jail.  If you plead not guilty, then a trial date is set for a Preliminary Hearing to see if the state has enough evidence to prove that you are the one that did what they said you did. Then a jury trial will be set, and the evidence heard. Do you understand the procedure that takes place here, Larry?”
“All I want is to be able to leave this jail today. I want to be outside. I want to feel the sun and wind on my face. I want to drink from a mountain stream, and eat venison,” he answers.
“I understand everything that you are saying. But I want you to understand. There is no way that you are going to be set free today. Just do what they ask you to do and you’ll get out sooner, rather than later.”
“I want to get out today,” Larry insists.
“Ok, buddy. I’ll do my best. But just remember, that’s not how they normally do things around here,” I cautioned my client.
Looking up, the officer nodded in my direction, “It’s time to go. Are you ready?” I asked Larry.
“Yes. I’m ready to get out of here,” Larry retorts.
I kept my mouth shut, but looked at him thinking, “I wish you luck buddy.”
We went into the court room, and sat down until the clerk called our case.
“Ah, Jonny-come-lately…. Are you ready?” the judge continues his ribbing.
“Yes, Sir,” I said smiling.
The judge looked at my client and said, “Larry Eagle, you have been charged with murder in the first degree. Do you understand the charges made against you?”
“Yes, Sir….”
Larry was advised of his constitutional rights and then asked, “What is your plea?”
“Not-guilty, Sir….”
“Ok. We’ll make a date for a preliminary hearing for one month from today. Does that work for you, Sir Jon?” the judge continues his humor, looking directly at me with a smile.
“Yes, Sir….”
Continuing, the Judge says, “Because of the extreme brutality of this case, bail is set at one million dollars.”
“Thank you, Judge.
Larry asks me, “Does that mean I get to go home now?”
“No, Larry. It means that you are remanded to custody. You go back to jail. In one month you will have your preliminary hearing. After that hearing, if they have enough evidence to hold you, then a jury trial will be scheduled for about a month to two months later.”
Larry responds anxiously, “I have to stay here two or three more months?”
“Probably, if they have enough evidence against you at the preliminary hearing then that’s the soonest that the court will have time to hear your trial,” I answered sympathetically.
“I can’t be in jail for that long,” Larry insists.
“I’m sorry, but you don’t have a choice.” I warned him. “They’re coming to get you now. Do what they say, so that you can get out of here someday, ok?”
The officers walk over at that moment, to escort Larry back to the holding tank.
“Ok, Larry. Slowly stand up,” he is instructed. 
Suddenly, a very loud “YOU -----YOU KILLED MY SON. YOU DESERVE TO DIE THE SAME WAY YOU ----------” is heard in the court room and pandemonium erupts.
Turning around to find out what is happening one officer becomes distracted. The defendant takes this opportunity to push Jon, and the other police officer down.
“No one is going to keep me here!” Larry yells. He has somehow freed his feet from the restraints around his ankles, and sprints toward an open court room window and jumps out, breaking his fall by grabbing the branch of a nearby tree. The moment he hits the ground, Larry, rolls forward into a full front roll, lessening the impact on his body. Quickly standing up, his wrists still hand cuffed, he runs down the street.
“What happened?”
“This newbie got distracted!”
“You knew that he was a newbie. Why did you let the defendant push him down?”
“Are you blaming this on me? I wasn’t the one who was looking at the audience.”
“Listen, newbie get over to the window and see if you can see what direction he is going in before he gets away.”
Other officers also run to the window, but decide not to shoot, because of the civilian public walking on the ground below. Alarms begin to ring; all of the officers throughout the building scramble up the stairs to Court Room 303. Questions, answers and orders could be heard in succession.
“Why was the window open?”
“I didn’t think anyone would jump from a three-story window!”
“You….” Pointing to an officer, “clear the court room,” the Judge orders.
“Take all of the defendants back to their cells.”
“Search the grounds.”
The judge finally tells Jon, “If he gets a hold of you, tell him to turn himself in.”
“I will, Sir.”
I was more than glad to get out of the court room after that experience. When I returned to my office that afternoon, there was a message from my girl friend, Karley.
“Jon, I hope that you are packed, because the plane leaves at 9:00 tonight.”
I really didn’t want to go to England, and would much rather go to my cabin for a week, but my girl friend had dreamed about this vacation for several months and I had promised that I would take her. Time had simply gone by too quickly. I had forgotten that this was the day that Karley and I were to leave for England.
I called Karley back. “I’ll meet you at the airport, ok? What time do we have to be there?”
“We need to be there no later than 7:00 p.m. They need to check our baggage and have time to load it on the plane.”
“Ok. I’ll be there.”
Karley and I have been together for the last two years. I was attracted to her from the first moment that I met her.
Added to that, we have a lot in common. We both like Chinese Food, hiking, all types of music, reading books and going to the theater. We have all of this, and much, much more that we like to do together. But for some reason, I just didn’t want to go to England. Nevertheless, I arrived on time at the airport and everything went smoothly. Our flight to England was uneventful. We passed the time talking about everything that we wanted to see.
“I was thinking about going to see Windsor Castle, Canterbury Cathedral and Stonehenge. I really want to see the Changing of the Guard. Did you know that there’s a hike that we can take around the Lake District?”
“…A hike? Now that’s something that I’d really like to do, Karley.”
“Oh, and I really want to take the Thames River Cruise also. Is there anything that you would like to do, Jon?”
“Yes, I’d like to have lunch at a Roman Bath. Doesn’t that sound like a unique experience?”
“It does. Is there anything else, my sweet man?”
“I think that I’d like to see the Buckingham Palace also.”
“It looks like we have a lot of things to get done in the week that we’ll be in England. But it should be a lot of fun.”
“I’m glad that we’re going to England together. I’m really pleased that you talked me into going, Karley.”
“I’m glad too, Jon,” she said.
Because of the time change, we decided to sleep for the rest of our flight. We had decided what we wanted to see on our vacation and we didn’t want to suffer from jet lag.
We finally landed at London’s Heathrow Airport. From there, we caught a bus that took us to our hotel in Kensington. In the morning we purchased a bus pass with unlimited travel, boarded a red double-decker bus and toured the city.
London is a lot bigger than I expected it to be. One of our first stops was Buckingham Palace. I wasn’t aware that the palace was on 40 acres of ground. We went to a Roman Bath House for lunch and to Stonehenge just as the sun was lowering in the sky. I would have loved to have been in England when they put those huge stones up, just to see how they were able to accomplish that daunting task.
The next morning we went to see the changing of the guard, and later we went for a cruise on the Thames River. For some strange reason, I felt the balmy weather, suddenly turn icy, along with a chilly wind that felt like it blew right through me.
Karley and I had been having a lot of fun, but all of a sudden a deep sadness enveloped my very soul. The river, the rock of the boat, and the weather all seemed too familiar.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, after we pass under London Bridge we have the distinct pleasure of being the only boat that is allowed to go through Traitor’s Gate, to enter the grounds of the Tower of London. Is there anyone that would rather go on another boat?” the tour agent asked.
I was apprehensive. “Karley, I don’t know about this. I don’t know if I want to go through this gate, and go up on the grounds.”
“Jon, it will be fun,” she coaxes. “Please, let’s stay on this boat. I really want to go to the Tower of London through Traitor’s Gate. Katherine Howard came by boat this way to stay in the Queen’s apartments, until she was beheaded on the Tower Green. Her first cousin, Anne Boleyn, also stayed at the Queen’s apartments and was beheaded on Tower Green. Think what we could tell our friends when we get home?”
“Who are Anne Boleyn, and Katherine Howard?”
“Anne Boleyn was Henry’s second wife. She was only able to give birth to a little girl, so she fell out of favor with Henry.”
“Henry? You mean King Henry?”
“Yes, Henry VIII, King of England.”
“Didn’t he have several wives?”
“Yes, he had six wives. Since his first wife, Catherine of Aragon, could not give him a son, he wanted to divorce her. They were both Catholic and divorce was not allowed, so he set up the Church of England so that he could get a divorce and marry Anne Boleyn.”
“When Anne Boleyn, fell out of favor with the King because she couldn’t give him a son either, he had her beheaded and married Jane Seymour. Jane did give birth to a boy, but she died unexpectedly, soon after his birth.
The King then married Anne of Cleves and divorced her within 6 months because he had met Katherine Howard.”
“Katherine was his fifth wife and Henry was about thirty years older than she was. He showered her with wealth, jewels and expensive gifts. Katherine was Catholic when she married King Henry, and held her religion dear to her heart. But there were people in power that didn’t want to have England go back to the Catholic faith.”
“They created a story, against her, based on circumstantial evidence, and took it to Henry. After hearing this story from people that he trusted, Henry, became enraged. He felt like she had made fun of him. A King…. The King of England was being made fun of by a woman, so much his younger. Because of his own pride and his consuming love for Katherine, he became very jealous, quickly signing an order to have her beheaded.”
“I remember reading that Katherine died with more poise and courage than she had displayed throughout her short life.”
Karley continued. “Both Anne Boleyn, and Katherine Howard, were buried at the Royal Chapel of St. Peter, in a corner of the Tower of London.”
“Wow, it was dangerous being married to a King in those days, wasn’t it?” I said.
“Yes. All of his wives either died, were beheaded or he divorced them. Well, except his sixth wife, Katherine Parr. She was widowed.”
“How do you know so much about this?”
“I wrote a paper on it in college. You can read it when we get home if you would like. So please, please, can we stay on this boat?” Karley said with a sad puppy-dog look that I couldn’t resist.
“Yes,” I said hesitantly.
As we got closer to the Tower, an overwhelming sadness continued to fill my soul. We passed through the gate, got out of the boat, and walked to Tower Green. From the very moment I stepped out of the boat, I began to see pictures flash over and over in my mind. I saw hundreds of people on the grounds around me, looking at some sort of stage, covered with straw. They all began to turn in the same direction, looking at a group of people approaching them, and began to jeer. Their yells were loud and very angry.
Then I saw a beautiful young woman walking through the crowd. She walked with dignity and poise, unafraid of the crowd. Her guards, and her servants, helped make a path through the people, so she could make her way to the stage. The woman was dressed in black velvet, while her servants were all in pale yellow dresses. She must have been royalty, because only people of higher stature could wear black.  It also must have been a sad occasion, because pale yellow was worn as a mourning dress.
All the while she was walking toward the stage her eyes desperately searched the crowd and the stage, back to the crowd, then to the top of the walls that surrounded Tower Green. She was earnestly trying to find someone. This beautiful, dignified, noble woman seemed familiar, yet I couldn’t place her.
I watched this scene for a short time, and then I couldn’t stand still. I went up to the woman to let her know that I would help, if she needed me. I wasn’t afraid of her guards, or the crowd. I approached. No one seemed to care that I was getting so close to her. I reached out to grab her hand, but my hand went right through her hand, like it was water. I tried several times, and each time the same thing happened.
They continued walking. I could see them, but for some reason they couldn’t see me. They passed by me on their way to the stage, leaving me with the rest of the crowd, on the Tower Green.
What was happening? My mind was swirling. This trip was turning into a nightmare. Though at the same time, I had the distinct impression that I had been in this exact spot before.
Suddenly, I heard, “Jon, come over here.” I had walked off by myself and was in my own world. But, Karley was still with the tour group.
“Jon, come over here please. We’re going to see the Queens apartments,” Karley requests.
I pulled myself from Tower Green and joined the tour group. We walked up the stairs to the Queens apartments. As we entered the room, to my right there was a big open fire place for warmth. The windows to my left were wide and tall, and the floors were made of wood.
Our tour guide said, “Anne Boleyn, and Katherine Howard, the second and fifth wives of King Henry VIII, were housed in these very apartments until they were beheaded.”
For some reason I couldn’t leave the apartment. My body froze the moment the tour guide said “Beheaded” and my body doubled over in pain. It felt like a knife had been put through my heart and twisted.
“Are you ok, Sir?” the tour guide asked.
“No. I don’t know what’s wrong. I can’t breathe. Is there anywhere that I could lay down for a moment?” I asked.
“Come with me, sir.” Walking into a nearby room the tour guide states, “I’m not supposed to do this, but I can see the pain that you are in. Why don’t you lie down on this bed while I finish the tour with the rest of our group?”
“Thank you, Madame. I appreciate your thoughtfulness. Karley, I’ll just lay here. Why don’t you go with the rest of the group? When you’re finished, come and get me, ok?”
“You don’t mind if I go?”
“No, I want you to finish the tour. I’ll be alright.”
“Ok. I’ll be back in a little bit.” Walking out the door,
Karley looks back. “Don’t go anywhere,” she says with a smile.
Smiling back at her, I put my head on the pillow. A few minutes passed and the gloominess that I had felt left. My soul filled with calmness and love. Opening my eyes, and looking at the rafters in the ceiling, I noticed a white piece of paper, stuck where it could barely be seen. Getting up from my bed, I continued to look at the paper, wondering what it was.
“Is it proper for me to even be thinking of getting that paper? I mean I’m here in the Queens apartment.”
Dismissing my caution, my curiosity took over.  I stood on a nearby chair, stretching as high as I could, finally grabbing the paper. It turned out to be an envelope with the name of, Jon, written on the front of the envelope. I was taken back!
“Why would an envelope have my name on it?”
Looking at it closely I realized that this paper didn’t have the same texture that we have in our paper today.
“Do I turn this over to the tour guide, or do I open it and then decide if I want to give it to the guide or not?”
My heart seemed to be shouting, “OPEN IT, OPEN IT!” The voices that I heard in my head, and felt in my heart, made me feel like they had waited for a long time for this to happen. The next thing that I realized I was doing was that my fingers were opening the envelope. I pulled the letter out and began reading it:

13 February 1542
Jon,
Though I leave my body today, continue to look to our stars my love. They brought us together once they will bring us together again.
I will always be with you.
With all my Love, Katherine

“Katherine? 1542? Could this letter have been up there all this time?”Hearing the front door open, I quickly put the letter into my coat pocket and sat down on the bed.
Walking into my room, the guide asked, “How are you doing, Jon?”
“I’m better, but I still don’t feel very well.”
Looking at, Karley, I said, “Would you please take me back to our hotel?”
“Sure, Sweetheart,” she replies.
The tour guide helped us find the fastest way to get back to our hotel and called a taxi so that we wouldn’t have to go on the red double-decker bus with all the other tourists.
When we arrived at our room, I said, “I think that I will sit on the lounge chair on our patio.” As I walked out to the patio, I noticed that the weather had changed. “It’s warm now, Karley.”
“Yes, it is.” She answered, looking like, what are you talking about?
“Did you notice how it got really cold when we were on the boat?” I asked.
“What are you talking about, Jon? It’s been nice and warm all day long.” she stated.
Looking at her intensely, I said, “Karley, did you see any people other than our tour group, when we were on the Tower Green?”
“No. I only saw our tour group.”
Looking at her, I said “Ok. Now I want to say something to you, but I don’t want you to think that I’m crazy.”
“Ok…,” she said, her face showing that she was very concerned.
I started talking slowly, continually watching her expressions. “When we were on the boat, just after we went under London Bridge, the weather turned very cold. So cold, that I felt a chill go through my bones.”
“Ok….” she said again.
“After we went through Traitor’s Gate and walked to Tower Green, I saw hundreds of people standing there, looking toward a stage and talking to each other. They weren’t dressed in regular clothes that we wear today. In fact, I thought that they were putting on a play for the tourists, because they were dressed in clothes like they use to wear in the 1500’s.”\
“There was a beautiful woman with guards and servants, who were walking with her to the straw covered stage, in the front center of the grounds. She walked with a poise that only royalty displayed, directly toward the stage, unafraid of the crowd.”
I looked at, Karley, and slowly grabbing both of her arms, I said, “Didn’t you see any of that, Karley?”
“No, Jon, I didn’t.”
Continuing I said, “And when we were in the Queens Apartments, I felt that I had been there before. Every time we came to a new room, I knew what it was used for before the tour guide ever told us.”
“Jon, how could you see people that I didn’t see?”
“I don’t know, Karley. I just know that I saw them. I didn’t ask to see them. They were just there!”
“How could you know what the rooms in the Queens Apartments were used for, Jon?”
“I don’t know that either. I just felt that I had been there before. Look, I’m just trying to be honest with you.”
“I know that you are, Jon, and in this same way, I want to be honest with you. You’ve been under a lot of stress lately and I think that this trip has been too much for you. Maybe you should go home.”
“You want me to go home?”
“No, I don’t want you to go home. But I think that it would be the best thing for you right now.”
Looking at her expression, I began thinking, “Was I out of my mind? Why was I experiencing things that Karley wasn’t experiencing?” I didn’t understand what was going on. I became very confused as to what was real, and what wasn’t. So I agreed, “I think that you’re right. I’ll see if I can leave tonight.”
Luckily, someone had canceled their flight plans and I was able to leave on the red eye. My trip home was very introspective. What in the heck was going on? Why had I felt that the weather had changed? I mean, to me it really had. But, Karley hadn’t noticed anything different. She didn’t see the people walking around, jeering, and watching the beautiful noble woman who was walking toward the straw covered stage, either.
Another thing that I wondered about was the fact that even though I saw these people, they didn’t see me. And when I went to touch the ladies hand, I couldn’t grab hold of it. It was like I was trying to grab something made out of water.  And the letter, how could it have been there all this time, and no one see it?
I was so confused! Nothing like this had ever happened to me before. There was no explanation that I could come up with except that I was either going crazy, or somehow I had tapped into another dimension… another time in history.
The flight home seemed extra long, I was glad when the wheels touched down on the tarmac of the airport. I grabbed my luggage, called a taxi, and headed to my apartment. Putting the letter I had found in the Queen’s Apartment in a safe place, I fell on my bed, emotionally and physically exhausted and slept for the rest of the evening.
The following day, I returned to my office where I poured myself into my work, so that I wouldn’t think about England and my experiences there. Working as hard as I could, on several of my cases, exhaustion hit again, and I returned to my apartment. Lying down on my lounge chair, my thoughts automatically returned to my feelings and experiences while I was in England with Karley.
The same questions came to my mind, “Why did I see all of those hundreds of people on the Tower Green? Who was the beautiful woman with her guards and servants and why were they all dressed in period clothing? The letter, was it written by the real Katherine Howard?” I kept thinking about these same questions over and over again, ducking and dodging in my mind trying to pull down the walls that kept me from my answers.
Continually thinking about all of this exhausted me, and suddenly the dreams that I had had in my office before our trip to England, began once again. Yet, after my trip it was somehow different. I was actually part of the dream. I was there. I could feel everything.
I was a young boy riding a horse, wearing 16th Century clothing, with the wind blowing through my hair, feeling a great sense of freedom. I never knew of anything, or even thought of anything outside of the tall walls of our palace grounds, until my father began going on campaigns at the Kings request.
My father’s name is Sir Jon Gage, and is a Knight of the Garter, Vice Chamberlain of the Privy Council to King Henry VIII, and Captain of the Guard, which all means that the King keeps him very busy and he is rarely home. I was named after my father. And like every father, he wants me to follow in his footsteps.
Remembering the first time my father left with his regiment, the huge front gate opened, and for the first time, I saw the beautiful trees and flowers that were beyond the great walls that surrounded our palace. From that day forward, every time the gate was opened, I ran over to look at the outside world.
Each day I was to practice archery by the south inside wall where my mother could look from her upper window and make sure that I was ok. My mother is Lady Barbara West, and her father is Thomas West, 8th Baron De La Warr. My best friend, and boy servant’s name, is James.
One day, after I turned twelve years old, I went to James and told him of a plan that I had thought of.
“James, I need your help.”
“Anything for you, Sir….”
“James, how long have we known each other?”
“Since we were both little ones, Sir…. We grew up together.”
“So, don’t you think that rather than calling me Sir, that you could call me, Jon?”
“If that’s what you would like, Sir, ah, I mean, Jon.”
“That’s what I would like,” I answered with a smile.
“Jon, you said that you needed my help. What would you like me to do for you?”
“We are of the same height and coloring, do you agree?”
“Yes, in fact many people call me, Jon, or Sir, until they get closer and see my face.”
“I want to leave the palace grounds by myself.”
“What?”
“I’m tired of wearing royal clothes and practicing archery everyday. I want to go out by myself and see what is beyond these walls.”
“But Sir…I mean, Jon, do you think that it would be safe?”
“No one outside of this court yard knows what I look like. If anyone asks me what my name is, I’ll tell them it’s, Matthew and I’ll trade clothes with you so that no one will know that I am of royal birth. I should be as safe as anyone else that lives in the village. Would you do that for me?” I plead.
“What if we get caught?” James questions.
“We won’t. My father is gone on campaign and isn’t expected back for three more months. My mother stays in the palace and only checks on me through her upper window.”
“Alright, Jon, I’ll help.”
“Thank you, James. Tomorrow have a horse ready for me on the outer wall by the smaller South Gate. We’ll change clothes there and I’ll ride off, while you practice archery where my mother can see you.”
“I can do that for you, Jon.”
I looked directly at, James, smiled and gave him a slap on the back. “See you tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow, Jon,” he replied.
The following day couldn’t come fast enough for me, and as James promised, the horse was ready by the smaller South Gate. We met and changed clothes. I got up on my horse and for the first time in my life, I felt freedom. I was riding with the wind blowing through my hair, all alone, with no one telling me what I could, or couldn’t do. 
With the feeling of freedom now rooted in my heart, each new day would become like a breath of fresh clean air.
Returning home, I asked, “James, how did everything go for you?”
“Fine, Jon. How was your adventure?”
“I loved it. In fact, I have never felt so free! Let’s do this again tomorrow.”
“Jon, I don’t know about that. If they catch me taking your place, you know what will happen.”
Putting my hand on James’ shoulder, smiling, and looking into his eyes I said, “Did anyone bother you today?”
“No,” he answered.
Smiling I said, “Well then, there you have it. Tomorrow it is.”
Leaving my horse with James, I walked smiling to the palace. James just stood there with his jaw as wide open as it could go, wondering if I really understood the consequences of what could happen if we were both to be caught exchanging places.
The second day went just as the first had. And of course, I wanted to go for a third day, and a fourth, and a fifth.
From the first day, freedom had become a part of me. No longer could I be kept within the walls of my family palace.
Though I didn’t know it, my sixth day of freedom would bring to my life, the beginnings of the highest highs, and the deepest lows.
James met me at the small South Gate as usual. Riding away, I went in a different direction and found a beautiful stream. Getting off my horse, I decided to sit under a tree. As I began to sit down, I felt something poke my side. Searching inside my pocket, I found a plain piece of folded paper. It was the perfect size to fold into a small boat.
“I have made many boats at our palace, but there was never a stream to sail it in. We only had the troughs that the horses drank out of to sail our boats,” I said to myself.
What a great idea, to sail a paper boat in an actual stream! Folding the paper into the best boat that I had ever made, I put it into the water. Suddenly, the current carried my carefully crafted boat out of reach.
There was never a current in the horse trough. I never thought of a paper boat moving as fast as it just did.
Running down the side of the stream, I tried to catch it, but there were trees along the shore. “If I’m not careful, I’m going to run into one of these trees,” I said to myself.
The current quickly took the boat out of my sight.
“What am I running in this direction for? I can’t see it anymore! For all I know, it could be at the bottom of this stream.”
Ready to give up looking for it, I saw a girl walking toward me with a boat in her hand.
“Is this your boat?” she said with a smile. “Yes, it is. Where did you find it?”
“Just downstream…. I was sitting there on a log, with my feet in the water, when your boat came floating down. Noticing how fast the current was, I wondered if the boat had sailed too fast for its maker. I thought that anyone that made such a beautiful boat would want to find it so I decided to walk up the shore to see if I could find the owner. And here you are,” she said as she handed it to me.
“Thank you. What’s your name?” I politely asked.
She seemed shocked that anyone would be asking her name, but quickly said, “Mary. My name is, Mary.”
“Thank you, Mary, and yes I was searching for it.” Looking for other children to be with, Mary, I said, “I don’t normally see girls walking the countryside alone. Where are your friends?”
“I don’t know. I was just thinking the same thing,” she said as she looked around, pretending to look for her friends.
“Well, you’ve got me then. We’ll take care of each other, Mary.”
Feeling a very strong connection that she couldn’t explain she said, “That would be fine. By the way, what is your name?” 
“Matthew. My name is Matthew.”
“Well, we’ve both got very common names. And we’ve both got blond hair, only mine has a little red in it also,” she said with a smile.
“Your hair is beautiful, Mary. Would you like to sail my boat with me?”
“I would very much. I’ve never sailed a boat before.”
“Here, let me show you how,” I said walking to the stream and putting the boat into the water.
We ran up and down the shore sailing the boat until it got so water logged that it sank. Looking at each other with wide eyes, we began to laugh as it was going down.
“Well, Mary, I think that our sailing day is done. Would you like to meet me here tomorrow? I’ll bring enough paper so that we can both have our own boat.”
“I would love to.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow then, Mary.”
“Tomorrow, Matthew.”

* * *

“Evan, are you getting tired of driving?”
“No. We’ll be there in about five minutes.”
They finally arrived at the safe house.  They drove into the garage rather than getting out of the car in the front yard. The inside garage door led into the laundry room which then led into the kitchen and family room. The upper floor had stairs which came down to the front entrance, but it also had a back stair-case that came down in between the family room, and the kitchen. Julia walked up the back stair case to check out her bedroom.
The style of the whole house was basically Greco Roman. From her bedroom window, she could look down into an inside garden with fountains and grape arbors.
“Evan, are all safe houses like this?”
“No, we’re lucky. The owners of this house are gone for the summer and told our department that if we needed to use it, we could.”
“So here we are.”
“Yes, here we are. Is there anything that you need, Julia?”
“No, I think that I want to put my things away, and then I just want to sit for a while and read more of Jon’s notebook. Would you still like to hear me read it?”
“You bet. Let me know when you are ready to begin reading.”
Evan brought their suit-cases up to both rooms. Julia couldn’t stop thinking of, Jon. She felt like he was with her, almost like she could feel him standing next to her.
“Are you ready, Evan?” Julia couldn’t wait to get back to the story, Jon had written. She wanted her questions answered. Who was Katherine, and what meaning did the beautiful Red Rose Ring have?
“I’m coming Julia.”
Evan sits down by Julia, as she begins reading.

* * *

Once again, the following day couldn’t come quickly enough. We both arrived earlier than when we had the previous day.
“Mary, look at this stream. It sure is a lot higher than it was yesterday.”
“It sure is, isn’t it? Did you bring the paper? I’m excited to sail a boat that I have made with my own hands. Where is the paper, Matthew? Where is it?” She said with a great deal of excitement.
I handed Mary a piece of paper, and slowly folded my paper, waiting until Mary, made the same exact fold. When we had completed the construction of our boats, Mary, rushed to the stream and put hers into the water.
“Look, Matthew, my first boat. It’s floating.”
“Let’s have a race, Mary.”
“Oh, you want to race do you?”
“I sure do. Do you think that your first boat will beat my boat, Mary?”
“Ah, do I detect a bit of arrogance, Matthew?
“I didn’t mean it that way.”
“Yes, you did so,” she said smiling. “Let me get my boat, we’ll just see whose boat will win.”
Looking at her with a twinkle in my eyes, intrigued with the spunk that Mary had, I asked, “Do you need some help?”
Running to catch up with her boat she answers, “No, I can get it. Thank you anyway.”
As Mary steps into the water to get her boat, she slips on a rock. Looking back at Matthew, she yells, “OH NO!” And as quickly as she falls into the water, she comes back up. Taking a deep breath she quips, “There was a fish that wanted to say ‘Hello’ to me.” They both laugh as Matthew runs to help her out of the water.
“Are you alright?”
“Yes, I’m fine.”
“I guess we’ll have to wait until you get dry to have our boat race.”
“Don’t worry, Matthew, it’s warm. I don’t mind if my dress and my hair are wet. I bet I can still win this race,” she says with determination.
“Are you always like this?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, most of the other girls that I know are always whining. They would have been mad if their hair got wet.”
“Why should anyone get mad just because they slipped in the water and got wet? That’s kind of silly isn’t it?”
“Well, it is to me. But I thought that that was how girls were.”
“I don’t know how other girls are, but it doesn’t bother me,” she says in a matter-of- fact way.
“I really like your attitude, Mary.”
“What you see is what you get, Matthew. I’m just myself.”
“I’ll let you go first.”
“No. If you don’t mind, we’ll both go at the same time.” Looking at me with a sly smile, she adds, “That is, unless you want to go first.”
I had never seen a girl who could play like a boy, who wasn’t afraid to get wet, and yet be graceful and beautiful at the same time. I liked her honesty and directness, but most of all, I liked the fact that she always had a smile on her face, and was quick to laugh at situations that would make other people mad. I was truly enjoying the time we were spending together.
A few days later, absorbed in one of our days of freedom and fascination with each other, I asked, “Mary do you think that you can reach that haystack before I do?”
“Of course I can.” And, she took off running before I could get my own feet moving.
We played all kinds of running games in the morning and by afternoon we were both famished.
“Mmm, can you smell that, Mary?” turning my head in the direction the aroma was coming from.
“I sure am hungry. I wonder what that farmer’s wife is cooking.”
“I don’t know. Let’s go ask her.”
We walked over to the kitchen door and said, “Madame, what are you cooking?” The farmer’s wife responded with, “I just got through cooking some of my finest custard pies.”
“We sure are hungry. Is there any work that we could do to earn a piece of pie for each of us?”
“There sure is,” she replied. “I need some eggs gathered, a cord of wood chopped, and this slop taken to the pigs.”
“We’d be glad to help you out, Madame.”
“The chicken house is in that direction,” pointing her index finger toward the hen house, “Here is the slop.  The ax is over there behind the wood stump.”
“I’ll get the eggs,” Mary volunteers.
“I’ll take the slop to the pigs, and chop the wood.”
 Mary goes to the hen house, and after a short time she brings the requested eggs back to the farmer’s wife. “Here they are,” she says with a proud smile on her face. The farmer’s wife looks at her in amazement.
Meanwhile, I had put the pail of slop in with the pigs, rather than pouring it into their pig pen and the pigs are fighting over it, trying to be the first one in the pail.
“I hope that’s how you do it. I don’t know why the pigs are making so much noise though. I’ve never heard this much noise from pigs before. Of course, I’ve never seen anyone feed them before either.”
Going to chop a cord of wood, I began thinking, “I have never chopped wood in my whole life. I’ve only seen James and Timothy do it.” Mustering up as much courage as I could, I began to think, “Well, how hard can it be?” Lifting the ax and bringing it down on the wood, one small chunk flies out of the log. “Maybe this is going to be a lot harder than I think it’s going to be. Obviously it takes more than one chop to go through a piece of wood.”
After several tries, I began to get the hang of it. Bringing the wood to the farmer’s wife, I proudly showed the stack of wood that I had just chopped for her, handing her the ax.
“Thank you for working so hard. Here is your pie,” she says to both of them. As Mary and Matthew are walking toward the shade of a tree, she turns to her husband and says, “If these children don’t have someone taking care of them, they’re not going to make it, from the looks of the work they both did for me today.”
After finishing our pie, we thanked the farmer’s wife. “The pie was delicious,” Mary expresses gratefully.
 “Yes, Madame, it’s the best pie I have ever tasted.”
 The farmer’s wife waves them off with her hands, “Thank you children, now be off with you.”
“That pie sure made my stomach full, Matthew.”
“Mine too. Do you think that we could walk back to the hayfields rather than run?”
“That’s a great idea. Let’s take it slow and easy.”
Walking slowly for a few minutes, we passed by a rose garden.
“Oh Matthew, do you see the red roses over there?”
“Yes.”
“Well, that’s my favorite color of rose.”
“Why is it your favorite, Mary?”
“In Roman times, it was associated with the Goddess of Love. But my favorite reason is that it also represents respect, and courage. I do so want to have courage, Matthew.”
“Mary, you are one of the strongest, most courageous girls I know.”
“I will remember that. Thank you.”
By the time we reached the hay fields, Mary and I were rested enough to begin our favorite game of hide and seek, until it was time to go home.
Laughing… exhausted and wishing that we had more time to play we finally slowed down and made plans to meet again.
“Matthew, I think that we should go back to the farmer’s wife and ask for another piece of pie, don’t you? That was really good,” Mary laughed.
“Ah, you are playing with me. I don’t want to feed those pigs again.”
Neither wanted to leave, but they both had to so their families wouldn’t know that they were meeting with each other.
“Do you think that we could see each other at the end of the week, Mary?”
“I’ll meet you whenever you are able to meet me.”
“See you then.”
“I’ll be watching for you, Matthew.”
Riding home as fast as I could, entering the South Gate and quickly running over to, James, I said, “Hello, James. How have things been for you today?”
“It’s been a good day, Jon.”
“James, do we have enough wood for the fire place in the great room?”
“It could probably use a little more wood. Why do you ask?”
“I was wondering if you would show me how to chop some wood.”
“I’d be glad to, Jon.”
“Maybe we should exchange our clothes first, in case someone sees us.”
“Good idea, Jon.”
Walking over to the wood pile, James instructs, Jon. “Here is the ax. Make sure that the blade is sharp and that you hold the handle firmly. Lift it high above your head so that you get the maximum leverage needed to break the wood. The leverage and a sharp blade is what will make sure that the wood breaks.”
“James, would you chop some wood first and let me watch how you do it?”
“Sure, here goes….” As the ax comes down at the wrong angle a small chip of wood flies toward James. “Ah, watch for flying chips of wood, Jon, sometimes they fly toward your face and that could hurt.”
“Thank you for warning me.”
After watching James for a few minutes, I said “Let me try, James. I think that I can do it.”
“Here’s the ax, Jon.”
After a few swings as always, my nice friend complements me with, “You’re getting it, Jon. Just make sure that the ax is lifted as high as you can reach and your angle is correct.”
“I will, James. Thank you for showing me how to chop wood correctly.”
“You catch on quickly, Jon.”
“Maybe now that you’ve shown me how to chop wood I could help you once in a while when the wood pile gets low.”
“If you would like to, Jon, I would be more than glad to have your help.”
“Let me know when you need my help, James.”
“I will.”
“I think that I’ll go in now. See you tomorrow.”
“See you.”
Walking to the palace I smiled as I remembered my experience with Mary, as we both helped the farmer’s wife. As I got ready for bed, I couldn’t help but laugh at my adventure in the country. “What a day. But now, with James’ help, I know how wood should be chopped.”
The end of the week finally came and I left the palace once again to be with, Mary.
“Matthew. Matthew, I’m over here.”
Mary had been watching for me to walk through the meadow. At the edge of the meadow was the stream where we had first met. “Matthew, look at the beautiful mud? I’m making mud pies.”
“Mud pies, huh? I’ve never had mud pies before.”
“You don’t eat them, Matthew.”
“What do you do with them?”
“This!” and Mary throws a huge mud pie hitting me in the face.
Rubbing the mud from my eyes, I look at Mary while saying, “I can’t believe you just did that!” while at the same time picking up some mud, and throwing it back at her. Mary had begun to run, anticipating I would reciprocate. To make it harder for me to hit my mark, she ran in a zigzag pattern.
“Ah, so you think that you can get away from me, huh?” Running in the same direction, I tackled Mary, and we both rolled down the bank into the stream.
“Ha! Ha! That was good, Matthew. You got me.”
“Of course, I always get what I aim for.”
“Oh, really?” and Mary ducks under the water and begins to swim away.
“Where are you going, Mary? Come back here!”
“Come on Matthew, follow me it’s fun.”
“We’re going to swim in our clothes?”
“I don’t think that we have any other option. Besides, you want to get that mud off of you don’t you?”
She had a good point, so I began to swim. “This is fun, Mary. We’ll have to do this more often.”
“Well, most of this stream is quite shallow, but this area is deep enough to swim in. It’s one of my favorite things to do.”
I took the chance to get her back and splashed water in her face, “There you go, Mary, I got you back.”
“Yea, well you’re never going to be the winner here, Matthew,” and splashed me back. We both continued laughing as a splashing war commenced between us.
Finally, Mary calls out, “You win! Now, wait there for a minute. I want to show you something, but I have to get it ready first.”
“I’ll just swim on the edges while you’re in the middle.” A short while later Mary comes to the surface. “Swim over here. We’re going to sit on the bottom.”
“Sit on the bottom, on the rocks, in the mud?”
She motions for me to come, “Yes, there’s something that I want to show you.”
“Here we go.” Sinking to the bottom, Mary points to the place where she wants me to sit. Sitting directly across from me, she pretends to pour tea into imaginary cups. Smiling, we pretend to drink our afternoon tea, under the water, on the bottom of the stream.
Finally, swimming to the surface, I said, “That was fun, Mary. Thank you for the tea.”
“You’re welcome. Why don’t we go for a walk so that we can dry off?”
“Good idea. Look over there. Let’s walk through that apple orchard.”
“Sounds fun….”
“Do you like apples, Mary?”
“They are my favorite. Would you like one?”
“Can we do that? I mean, it belongs to someone else.”
“Well, maybe we could pick up the ones that have fallen on the ground. Sometimes they’re still very good.”
“Good idea.”
After carefully picking up a handful of round firm apples we ran to a nearby meadow, laying down in the tall grass and eating the apples where no one could see us.
Looking at the sky, Mary says, “Matthew, look at that cloud. It looks like a donkey.”
“It does, Mary. That’s funny. It really looks like a donkey. Pointing to another cloud, I suggest, “Look over at that one, Mary, it looks like a witch on a broom stick.”
“…Where?”
“Way over there.” I point where I want Mary to look. 
“Where, Matthew?”
“Just above that highest tree over there,” I’m still pointing.
“I don’t see any cloud that looks like a witch. Are you sure that it’s above that tree?”
“Yes, Mary. Just keep looking. You’ll find it.” I broke off several sprigs of grass, and threw them in her direction.
“EEEEE,” she squeals as she jumps up and runs. Shocked, I jumped up, and ran after her. Soon, we were both laughing, and running across the meadow. All of a sudden, Mary tripped and rolled down a small hill. I ran down the hill to make sure that she wasn’t hurt.
“Mary, Mary are you all right?” I yelled. She didn’t answer. She was just lying on the ground. “Mary, you’ve got to be alright.” I sat down beside her and lifted her head onto my lap. Mary quickly opens her eyes, smiles and says, “Boo!”
“Why you little…I should….”
“You should what, Matthew?”
Mary begins to get up to run again. I grabbed her and pulled her to the ground. “Oh no…. You’re not getting away again.”
She twists and turns. “Quit moving, you little rascal. Do you know how much you scared me? What if you would have really been hurt?”
“I wasn’t, was I? Anyway, you were catching up to me. If I hadn’t played like that, I wouldn’t have put you off guard. And then I wouldn’t have been able to scare you, would I?”
“Why you…I think that I should spank you.”
“Matthew, don’t you dare lay a hand on me.”
Putting her over my knee, I raised my hand. Mary’s eyes begin to water and my heart begins to break. “What am I doing?  I’m sorry, Mary, I’d never really hurt you.”
Mary is still crying, as I pull her into my chest, hugging her with all the tenderness that I had. I held her until her crying stopped. Mary slowly looked up at me and smiled the biggest smile that I had ever seen. Looking directly into my eyes, Mary said, “You see, I also know how to not get a spanking.” We both laughed.
“So you’re all right?”
“Yes, I am.”
 “Well then, shall we both meet in the hay field tomorrow?”
“Yes, I’ll see you tomorrow, Matthew.”
Having stayed out a little later than usual, I found James waiting for me.
“Where have you been? Your mother has been calling for you to come in.”
“I just couldn’t leave her. Let’s quickly change clothes and I’ll run in.”
“Her? What do you mean her?” James, questions. “I’ll tell you later. What does she want?”
“Who are you talking about, the girl that you met or your mother?”
“My mother, of course, who do you think that we have been talking about?”
“Well, at first I thought that we were talking about your mother. Then you mentioned her, and all of a sudden I wanted to hear more about the girl that you met.”
“Yea… Yea…. But, now I need to know what my mother wanted.”
“I don’t know. She just kept saying, Jon, stop practicing your archery and come in. I have something to tell you.”
“What did you do?”
“I just mumbled, ‘in a minute.’”
“How long ago was that?”
“What, the first time she called you or the last time?”
“Both.”
“The first time was about a half an hour ago. The last time was about five minutes ago.”
“Thank you, James.”
After James and I quickly exchanged our outer clothing, I patted him on the back. “Come on, James, think of the adventure that we are having!”
James looked at me like “What adventure?”
Looking back, at him I said, “Thank you, James, same time tomorrow?”
“Sure Jon, as long as I’m still alive.” James says whispering to himself. “I know that we are going to get caught. I can feel it in my bones.”



CHAPTER 3


Jon found his mother giving last minute instructions to the staff for dinner. 
“I want dinner served on time, and make sure that the plates and silverware are clean.”
“Yes, Madame….”
“Mother, did you call me?”
“Yes, Jon, I called you several times. I do wish that you would come when I call rather than mumbling. I could barely hear you.”
The head maid announced, “Dinner is ready, and will be served in the dining room as soon as you are seated.”
“Thank you for the wonderful meal that you have all prepared. We’re ready now,” I said.
Mother and I walked into the dining room. Sitting down, Mother continued “Son, what were you saying each time that I called you?”
“I was concentrating so hard on my shot that I said, I’ll be up in just a minute.”
“It just seemed like you were mumbling…. The reason that I want you practicing by my window is so that I can keep an eye on you, and so that I can hear you.”
“I’m sorry, Mother. I was just concentrating so hard on hitting the target. I thought that you would understand.”
“I’ve noticed that you don’t stand the same way and you aren’t shooting as well as you use to shoot.” She looks up with a concerned expression.
“That’s why I’m concerned. For some reason I just can’t get the feel of my stance anymore and that affects my shooting. I’m really worried because when father comes home I want him to be as proud of me as he has been in the past.”
“I’m glad that you take archery so seriously, my Son.
You know that it is very important to be a good shot in the type of work that your father does. He wants you to follow in his footsteps.”
“Yes. Mother, I know. It’s very important to me also.”
“You know, Jon, your father has very close ties with the King and that could be very advantageous to you.”
“I know. Father is a very important man in the eyes of the King.”
“Speaking of your father, I got word today that he is on his way home. He should be here within a week or two.”
“…Within a week or two?” That would mean that my father is coming home almost a month earlier than he had said he would when he first left. Realizing what I said and how I said it and I can only imagine what my face looked like...I know that my eyes must have been huge.  “I mean it will be good to see him won’t it, Mother?” I added, trying not to sound disappointed while concentrating on putting a smile on my face.
“Yes, it will be good to see him. I always love having your father home, I love being around him. Everything is so much harder to accomplish when he’s away.”
“It’s good that we have so many servants to help us while he’s gone isn’t it?”
“Yes, it is, Jon. Another thing I wanted to tell you is that the Duchess of Devonshire and her lovely daughters, Hortence, and Genola, are coming and will stay here for a week. I need you to entertain her daughters while they are here.”
“You mean those little girls that would always follow me around, asking questions all day long? …Jon, what’s this for? Why are you doing that, Jon? My goodness, Jon, your muscles sure are big. Jon this, and Jon that. They were in the middle of everything I did. I got so tired of hearing my name and trying to answer all of their questions. And their voices drove me crazy! Have you ever listened to their squeaky, nasal voices, Mother?”
“I never really thought anything about it. Their voices sounded alright to me, son.”
“That’s because you didn’t have to listen to them all day. You and the Duchess were off shopping and I was left to entertain the two little ones.”
“I thought that you liked each other.”
“I have never enjoyed their company. I’m not trying to be cruel….well, maybe I am. Have you ever noticed how sour the ‘Duchess’ personality is? I don’t think that she ever smiles. And her daughters look and act just like their mother’s sour temperament.”
“Jon, how could you say something like that? Their family has been good to our family throughout all the years that your father and I have been married.”
“Mother, I can’t stand being with them. Please don’t make me.”
“I need you to be pleasant to all of them. And yes, I still need you to entertain her daughters,” she said as a command.
I was not very happy with this turn of events. Father was coming home earlier than expected, and now I had to entertain two selfish, inconsiderate girls. I knew that I wouldn’t have as much freedom as I had had the last few weeks. I began to wonder how, and when would I be able to see, Mary?
“When are they arriving?” I asked.
“They are expected at the end of the week.”
“That’s just two days away!” My voice raised and I choked on my food.
“Mother, please. I would rather practice my archery. Isn’t there some way that I could have time to myself to practice uninterrupted? I can’t shoot my arrows when someone is watching me.”
“Jon, I don’t think that a short break in your practicing will hurt you at all. We have a lot happening this week. Go to bed, my son. I will need your help preparing for everyone.”
The next day came with great anticipation. I decided that I would like to do something special for Mary, so I arrived at our meeting place a little early. Today I would be her King, and Mary would be my Queen. Picking some red roses I made crowns for both of us to wear. I then arranged a piece of wood on top of two large rocks, with red rose petals on the ground in front of it, in order to make a royal throne. I finished putting the rose petals on the ground just as Mary walked up.
“Matthew, what’s all this?”
“I thought that we could be a King and Queen for today.”
“What a wonderful idea.”
“King Matthew and Queen Mary….”
“How many subjects do we have?”
“How many do you want?”
“Why don’t we just make this village our kingdom?” she said as her arm swept from left to right.
“That’s good, because our throne is right over here.”
“…Our throne?”
“Yes. You saw me putting the rose petals on the ground, didn’t you?”
“Yes.”
“At the end of the rose petals is our throne.”
“Oh, I see it now. What’s on top of the throne?”
“…Our crowns.”
“My favorite red rose, you made our crowns out of my favorite rose!”
“Yes, I remembered. Come over here Mary…”  After she sat on her throne I pronounced, “Mary, I crown you Queen of this village,” and put the red rose crown on her head.
Looking as beautiful as a Queen should be, Mary stood up and turned toward my throne.  Picking up the other crown, Mary says, “Matthew would you please sit on the throne so that I can put this crown on your head?”
“Sure.”
“Matthew, I crown you King of this village.” And then she sat down on her throne once again.
“Since you are a Queen, what would you like for your people?” I asked.
“I would like everyone to have enough food to eat. I would like everyone to have their own plot of land, and a home to live in that no one could ever take from them. What would you do if you were a King?”
“I would like everyone to have the opportunity to be educated in math and the sciences and to know how to read. There would be no taxes, because as King and Queen we would also work so that our people wouldn’t have to take care of us.  All laws that are passed for the people to live by would also have to be lived by us.  And, as a community, we would all help our neighbors when they are in need.”
“Matthew, why don’t all Kings work for the good of their people like you just said that you would?”
“Maybe they’re so busy in their own lives that they don’t see the plight of their people?”
“Maybe they should live among their people so that everything that they decide will affect them also, rather than living in their large palaces away from their people. You would be a great King, Matthew.”
“With you as my Queen, our people would be very happy.”
“All I know, Matthew, is that I would be very happy to be by your side. Are we going to have a dance?”
“…A dance?”
“Yes. Our coronation, you know.”
“My Queen, may I have this dance?” I said as I bowed. 
Mary made a deep curtsey, “My King, I would love to dance with you.”
After we danced for a while I asked, “Where did you learn how to dance my Queen?”
“I would watch, my Mistress. Where did you learn to dance my King?”
“I would watch my Master.”
“What are we going to do with the war that is going on in France, my King?”
“I say that we call a truce. There have been so many families that have been broken up because many English and French have intermarried. How can we ask them to take sides against their own family members?”
“What a wise King. Now I have another idea my King. Let’s pretend that I have done something to offend you, or someone is telling lies about me, or maybe I’m not able to give birth to a baby boy…you are angry and you have decided to have me beheaded, just like the Kings latest wife, Anne Boleyn.”
“I could never do that, Mary.”
“Matthew, we’re just pretending.”
“Well, at this point, Mary, I’d rather be the knight that saves you, rather than the King that beheads you.”
“That is why I enjoy your company so much, Matthew. I know that I am safe because you will always protect me.”
“I will always be there for you, Mary, but it is getting late and I need to go home. Shall we meet again tomorrow?”
“Yes, my King. Tomorrow….”
The last day of my freedom came with a nice warm sun. But a cold blast of wind was also coming down from the North. The warm days of summer were starting to give way to winter. I got up earlier than usual and ran out to the stable.
“James! James! You’ve got to help me,” I said desperately. “I don’t know how we are going to do this, but the Duchess of Devonshire and her daughters are coming today, and I’ve still got to see, Mary.”
“…Mary, who is Mary?” James inquires. With his mind full of questions, he opens his mouth to ask them, but is cut short.
“I’ll tell you later. I’ve got to go. If the Duchess arrives before I get back, have Timothy make an excuse for me, please? And be careful of Hortence, and Genola. They get into everyone’s business.”
“Oh.”
“Don’t let them see you in my clothes. And, don’t tell them anything. If anyone can find out what we have been doing, it will be those girls. …Watch your every move!”
James heard the earnestness in my voice. I quickly took off my clothes so that I could change into his, while he got my horse ready, shivering in his underclothes.
After I left, James was changing into my clothes, precisely at the moment that Timothy walks into the stable.
“What are you doing, James?”
“Pretend that you don’t see anything, stable boy, just do your job.” Under his breath, James continues to say, “I know that we are going to get caught. I just know it.”
I rode up to the meadow and saw Mary, flying some type of contraption in the sky. She was busy concentrating on trying to catch each drift of wind, keeping it in the air. I rode up closer and got off of my horse. “What is that, Mary?”
“It’s called a kite. My lady received it from Asia and said that I could fly it today.” Looking behind me she asks, “Where did you get that horse? It’s beautiful.”
“Sir has sent me on an errand and said that I could use his horse.” I had usually tied my horse to a tree by a stream, and walked to where I would meet, Mary. This was the first time she had seen me with my horse.
“Does that mean that we can’t spend anytime together today?” Mary asks.
“That’s why I came earlier. I’ll have to leave before the sun gets high in the sky.”
“Would you like to fly the kite?” Mary asks with excitement in her voice.
“Yes. Show me how to fly it. I’ve never even seen one of these before.”
Mary showed me how to hold the string tightly so that the wind is blowing from behind making sure that the kite gets the necessary lift, as the air flows over and under its wings.
“How am I doing, Mary?”
“Matthew, you are a natural. For your first time you are doing really quite well.”
In truth, this was the first time for both of them to fly a kite. The only advantage, Mary had, was that she had been flying it and getting use to maneuvering it for about a half an hour before Matthew arrived.
As early morning became mid-morning, the strength of the breeze began to die down, and the kite showed signs of losing its ability to stay in the sky.
“Mary, it looks like the kite doesn’t want to stay in the sky any more. Would you like to go horseback riding?”
“Yes. I love horses.”
“Let me get on first, and then I will pull you up.”
“What should I do with the kite?”
“Just bring it with you. I wouldn’t want you to leave it behind and get in trouble.
“I’ve never taken a kite on a horse before.”
“I haven’t either. I guess we’ll see what will happen soon enough.”
As the horse begins to gallop, the currents of wind begin to grab hold of the kite. “Matthew, Matthew! The speed of the horse has created a current of air. The kite is being pulled from my arms.
“What are you saying, Mary?”
Mary talked louder and directly into my ear, as she allowed the kite to float back into the sky. “Look in the air behind us, Matthew. The kite is in the air following us,” she giggles.
We began to laugh while we were both riding the horse and looking back to watch the kite. “Let’s see what happens when I slow down?”
“Matthew, it’s falling. Hurry, Matthew. Make the horse go faster. Let’s see what happens then.”
I began to allow the horse to have its full stride, galloping once again. 
“It’s going back up, Matthew. It’s rising back to its original height.”
“Wow, Mary, look at that. If we slow down, the kite starts falling because there isn’t enough air current. And then, when we go faster, our speed creates a current of air, keeping the kite in the sky.”
“You are so smart, Matthew.”
“I am, aren’t I?” I said with a mischievous smile.
“Let’s see if it makes any difference if we ride up on that small hill over there.”
“Let’s go.” The horse begins to gallop, “Look, Matthew, the kite is still following us.”
“Now that’s a smart kite!”
Arriving at the top of the small hill, Mary, says, “It doesn’t look like it makes any difference if we are higher.”
While admiring the kite as it continued to float in the high currents of air, I took in the surrounding countryside. Suddenly, a coach appears, coming in our direction.
“Oh no,” muttering to myself. “That must be the Duchess of Devonshire and her daughters. No one around here would have a coach that looks like that one does. Darn, I thought that they would arrive a lot later today!”
At the same time that Jon spots the coach, the kite has been spotted by one of the daughters as she looks out the window of the coach.
“Look, Mother. What is that contraption?” Genola says with a questioning expression.
“Why, I’ve never seen anything like that in my life,” her mother responds in amazement.
“Mother, let’s go over there and ask them directions to the Easton Palace. Let’s also ask them where we can get a contraption like that.”
The Duchess yells, “Driver, go toward that flying contraption.”
“Mary, someone is coming. I don’t want them to see me, or I’ll get in trouble.”
“There’s a gully over there,” she points forward and down to our right. “We can hide in the large group of bushes behind that tree.”
“Good idea, Mary. Let’s go!”
Arriving at the gully, I looked back to see Mary, and noticed the kite still following us. “Let go of the kite, Mary. It’s attracting the coach.”
Mary responds quickly, and with a great deal of concern. “I’m trying to, but it’s tangled in the tree.”
Alarmed, and not wanting to be found, I firmly requested, “Mary, climb up on my shoulders and try to set it free.”
In the blink of an eye, Mary stands up on the horse and climbs up onto my shoulders.
“I got it, Matthew, there it goes.” A renewed gust of wind gently sweeps the kite away at the exact moment the coach arrives on the road, just above the gully where we had hidden.
“Driver, get down and find the people that own that flying contraption. Ask them how we get to Easton Palace from here,” the Duchess commands.
“But, my Lady,” the driver replies.
“Don’t argue with me. Just get down, walk over and ask them,” she commands.
The driver gets down, along with the two coachmen from the back. Afraid of the repercussions, they discuss among themselves just how they are going to tell the Duchess, and her daughters, that there is no flying contraption in this tree.
“Am I crazy? Or is she crazy? Do either of you see anything in this tree?” the driver asks the two coachmen.
“I don’t see anything”
“Neither do I.”
“Then who is going to tell her that there’s nothing in the tree?”
“Edward, you’re the driver you tell her, we only hold onto the back of the coach.”
From inside the coach, the Duchess yells, “What is taking so long? You know that I don’t want to come out side with my fair skin!”
Finally, the driver gets up enough courage and says in a nervous voice, “My Lady, there is no flying contraption anywhere near this tree. Are you sure that this is the right tree?”
Without looking out of the coach, she yells, “Of course I’m sure!”
The two coachmen respond in unison, “But, my Lady, are you really sure?”
“For goodness sake, do I always have to do everything?” the Duchess yells back. As soon as the coach door begins to open, the coachmen and driver sprint to help her down the outside steps, as she climbs out of the coach.
“It’s right here at the top of the tree, just like my daughter Genola, saw it,” she states, looking at the driver and two coachmen as they are looking at the tree. Finally, she raises her hand to shade her eyes and takes the time to look at the top of the tree also, and sees nothing. “Where did it go?” she says looking surprised.
Looking back at the coach the Duchess yells, “Genola, come out of the coach and tell me where you saw the flying contraption. If you really want to marry Sir Jon, you had better find the flying contraption that you said you saw. We need to find someone, so that we can ask directions to Easton Palace.”
“Mother, why is it, that when you can’t find anyone else to do something, you always ask me?” she responds as a snobbish brat.
“I never ask you to do anything, Genola. You are the one that can’t get your hands dirty, because you are going to marry Sir Jon. And when that happens, we will all live happily ever after,” she said, predicting her families future.
As the Duchess and Genola stand outside the coach, yelling back and forth at each other, the coachmen and the driver look at each other, wondering what to do. Looking in the sky, desperate to find something, they detect movement in the sky.  Looking toward that movement they detect something floating to the East of where they are, “It’s the flying contraption!”
“Ladies, look!” the coachman yells pointing toward the movement in the sky.
Genola turns and looks in the direction he is pointing.  “I see it Mother!” 
She runs, and quickly jumps, onto the coach, climbing into the driver’s seat. In a self centered manner, she yells, “I’m going to drive this thing over there to the flying contraption.”
The surprised driver quickly responds. “But, my Lady, there’s no road in that direction.”
“I’ll make a road!” she says, unconcerned with what it might do to the coach, or to anyone else. “If any of you want a ride, you had better get in the coach, because I’m leaving now!”
Knowing that Genola always does what she says she will do, everyone runs for the coach, barely getting into their places before the horses are whipped into a healthy gallop. Because Genola is in his seat the driver grabs onto the back with the coachmen.
Matthew and Mary breathe a sigh of relief as the coach swiftly leaves. The coach itself is now swaying from side to side, rocking back and forth, moving up and down and barely making its way over the rolling hills.
“I don’t care where I have to go, but I’m going to follow that contraption because I have a feeling about it!” Genola states as she continues to whip the horses into a swift gallop.
The kite continues to float in confused directions, depending on the drifts of the wind, and the coach persists, innocently blazing its own trail.
“Hang on as tight as you can or we’re going to be left to forage for ourselves in this primitive country side,” the driver discretely says to the coach men.
Screams are coming from inside the coach. “Genola, what are you doing? Slow down!”
“I can’t, Mother. I have to keep up with the flying contraption!”
Following the direction of the kite, Genola makes a sharp turn, and the two coachmen’s feet fly out to the side while they, with all their might, are hanging on for dear life. “Hold on, Edward. That was a sharp one.”
“Yea, well, you should be used to holding on to the back of this coach.  I’m use to driving, how does one hold on when your feet are knocked out from under you?”
“Just do it. Do you want to be left out here?”
“No.”
“Well, remember what you told us to do? Hold on with all your strength!”
Genola continues driving on the uneven terrain, and the driver and coachmen remain in place as best they can, helping each other when their feet fall off the step scraping the ground until they are helped back to the step.  From the yells and screams that can be heard from the Duchess and Hortence, one can only imagine what is happening inside the coach.
Finally with the coach out of sight, Mary and Matthew look at each other trying to catch their breath from laughing so hard at the antics that they have just witnessed.
“In my whole life, I’ve never seen anything as funny as that.”
“Me neither. I’m glad that I’m not in that coach.”
“I’m glad that I’m not trying to hang on to the outside. Her coachmen and driver are barely able to hold onto the coach.”
“It was so funny, Matthew. Hopefully, they’ll be able to hold on until they arrive at their destination. By the way, who is Sir Jon?”
“I don’t know. Whoever he is, I really feel sorry for what’s in store for him with that girl as his wife. That poor fellow! I hope for his sake that they never marry.” I looked up at the sky, silently sending out messages. “Please, oh, please, not me!”
I finally realized that the sun was high in the sky. “Mary, I’ve got to go if I’m going to be able to finish this errand that I was sent on. I want you to know that you are the most beautiful girl that I have ever seen. I’m really sad to have to say this, but I can’t see you tomorrow.”
“I’ll die if I don’t see you, Matthew,” Mary, says with a look of shock on her face as tears start to come to her eyes.
“I feel the same way about you Mary, but it can’t be helped. If I don’t take care of this business then I’ll never be able to see you again.” Looking into her eyes, Mary’s tears continue to stream down her cheeks. “Mary, your tears are breaking my heart.”
“I’ll wait for you, Matthew. Know that my love goes with you,” she quietly says, as she puts her arms around my neck.
“And mine with you, Mary.”
Finally, we let go of each other and I got up on my horse, sadly waving to Mary and rode toward my home.
As I approached my home I noticed a lot of commotion by the South Gate. I got off of my horse before anyone saw me, and hid behind a nearby tree. All of the servants are surrounding the coach that Mary and I had seen on the road. Looking up to the spire that everyone is looking at, I saw the kite.
“…The kite. How did that get here?”
I finally saw James, hiding by the corner of the palace, out of sight.
“James,” I whispered, frantically waving to him, trying to get his attention from behind the tree. “James, come over here. Quickly, let’s change clothes.”
“I thought that you’d never get here, Jon. I began thinking that someone would find me, when all of this commotion started and everyone was running around. They kept calling my name, wondering where I was.”
“I’m sorry, James. Time got away from me. What’s happening?”
James responds, “I’ll describe what happened, Jon. About ten minutes ago, this flying contraption flies by the tower and gets caught on the top spire. The first one to see it was Timothy.
Wanting to know what the flying contraption was, James asked, “What is that thing anyway?”
“It’s called a kite. The currents of the wind help it to fly in the sky,” Jon explained.
“So, where did it come from?”
“Mary was flying it when I saw her today.”
“Mary huh, well anyway, it got caught on the spire and everyone was looking at it, wondering what it was. Then, suddenly someone was yelling from outside the gate, ‘Hello, in there. We need help.’”
“Timothy ran to the gate. I was hiding so that no one could see me. Then he was followed by the kitchen maids. Finally all of the rest of the staff ran through the South Gate, to see who was yelling.”
“Looking from my position,” James pointed to where he was at that moment, “I could see a coach with a girl driving it, and the original driver and two coachmen barely hanging on, with their feet dragging on the ground. I watched as an older woman gets out of the coach and throws up. And another girl just falls out of the coach. The girl who is driving the coach asks, “We’re looking for the Easton Palace. Would you give us directions?”
Timothy said, “This is Easton Palace, my Lady.”
“The daughter who was driving the coach says, “See, Mother, I told you that this flying contraption would show us the way!”
James continues the story and notices the smile on my face. I was remembering how, Mary and I had laughed and laughed until we could hardly stand up, watching the coach as it was driven away, trying to catch up to the kite.
“Jon....” I was brought back to the present as, James, said, “Your mother came out and helped them to their rooms. Apparently, they are the Duchess of Devonshire and her daughters.”
“I guess I had better go in and see if there isn’t anything I can help my mother with,” I said, and handed the horse’s reins to James as I walked over to the palace.
Opening the palace door, my mother called, “Jon, is that you?”
“Yes, Mother.”
“Come here. I want you to see someone. Jon, this is the Duchess of Devonshire and her two beautiful daughters. Do you remember them?”
I politely said, “Hello, nice to see you.” 
Mother turns to the Duchess, and says, “This is my son, Jon.”
“My, he has grown into a handsome young man,” the Duchess comments, as she blushes. “This is Genola and Hortence. Do you remember when we visited your family when they were a lot younger?”
“Yes, I remember.” 
“Now that you are all grown, your mother and I are hoping that during this week, while we’re here, that you could get to know them and pick one of them for your wife.”
“Thank you for thinking of me, my lady. I would be glad to entertain your daughters, but I am not ready to marry yet.”
“Maybe by the end of the week, you will change your mind,” she says with a smile.
“Time will tell, my Lady,” I said, more as a rejection. For me, morning came too quickly. But, apparently it didn’t come quickly enough for, Genola.
Hearing footsteps in my bedroom, I opened my eyes, “What are you doing in my room, Genola?”
“Why serving you breakfast, Sir,” she says, with a curtsy and a smile, holding a small tray of fruit.
“I would much rather eat my breakfast on a table down stairs.”
Walking closer to my bed, Genola persistently states “Let me feed you this beautiful strawberry.”
Snapping back and looking directly at Genola, I quipped, “Genola, I do not wish to hurt your feelings, but I would rather eat with everyone else at the table downstairs. Please leave my room.”
Genola relinquishes in words, “As you wish. But remember that our time is short. Think of all that we could be to each other.” She continued to stand next to my bed hoping that I would change my mind.  Looking directly at her eyes I commanded, “I’ll see you downstairs, my Lady.”  With that she finally turned and walked toward the door and down the stairs.
Muttering under my breath, I said, “Who does she think she is? Coming into my room without being invited? I never wanted to see those girls ever again, and here they are! This is going to be my worst nightmare. It’s going to be very hard, but I’ll be kind to them for the sake of my mother.”
Taking my time, I descended the staircase, slowly walking to the dining room to eat breakfast. Stirring my food around, eating slowly, all I could think of was Mary. I couldn’t stand the thought of entertaining these ugly, egotistical, self-indulgent women.
Trying to be pleasant, I asked, “Duchess, how did you sleep last night?”
“Well, first of all,” she said, “I love your palace. The rooms are decorated beyond belief, and the bed in my room is extremely comfortable. It’s so comfortable, in fact that I just wanted to lay in it forever and ever, but your darn rooster started to crow. I couldn’t sleep with all the noise that he was making.”
“Oh, the rooster woke you up?”
“Yes. I tried putting the pillows over my ears, but he was so loud, that I thought that he was in my room. So, I got up to make sure he wasn’t, and then because I couldn’t get back to sleep I decided to stay up. Does your rooster always wake up that early?”
“Yes. Every morning, same rooster, same crowing sound, same place. Say… I’ve got an idea maybe we could tie his beak shut so that you could sleep longer?”
“Jon, be polite,” mother responded, her face red with embarrassment.
“Another thought I just had was that we could ask our neighbors if they would take care of him while you are here. It’s only a half days ride to their place. Our servants might sleep in waiting for the magical crowing of our Rooster, and your breakfast might be late. But, we could do that if you would like, Duchess.”
“Jon.” Mother looks at me hoping I will stop.
“Or, what about this one,” I was laughing so hard, I could barely get the words out. “Maybe, James, Timothy, and I could round him up and we could eat him for dinner tonight.”
“Jon is something wrong with you?” mother asked. The kitchen staff had come to the kitchen door to see what was going on and tried to muffle their laughter.
“Sorry, Mother. This morning has really been unusual.” Taking a couple of breaths, I tried to calm down. “Let me start over, Duchess. Would that be alright?”
“Yes, Sir Jon. Let’s both start over, alright?”
“Let me begin, if that’s alright with you, Duchess?”
“That would be fine, Sir Jon.”
“How was your night, Duchess?”
“I slept quite well, Sir Jon. How was your night?”
“I had a good nights sleep and couldn’t wait to eat breakfast with everyone this morning.”
“Our staff always makes a great breakfast,” my mother added.
“This is really delicious.” Genola said as she and Hortence began wondering what was going on.
The head maid came in. “Is there anything else that anyone needs?”
“No, thank you. It was delicious though. Hortence and Genola, would you like to walk around the Palace and the surrounding grounds?”
“Yes, Sir Jon. We’d love to,” they said in unison, quickly finishing their breakfast.
“Every time I look at these girls, I get sick to my stomach. Somehow I’ve got to keep a smile on my face. In my position, I need to be polite to everyone I meet.”  Because of this I began to say over and over again in my mind, “Smile, smile, smile.”
Aware of my guests, I finally said, “Are you both ready to go?”
“We are,” they both said.
After walking outside on the palace grounds for thirty minutes, I asked myself. “My Ladies, will you excuse me for a moment so that I can make arrangements for our day.”
“We’ll wait here for you, Sir Jon.”
Walking into the stable, I grabbed Timothy, my stable boy, and quietly said, “Please, please, please show them around. I can’t stand being around them, even for a moment longer.”
“Yes, Sir….” Timothy calmly walks to Hortence and Genola. “Hello my ladies my name is Timothy and I’ll show you around until Sir Jon is able to join you again.”
“How long is he going to be gone?” Hortence asks. “It shouldn’t be long. Shall we go this way?” Genola watched me until I was out of sight.
Walking away from them, and around the corner, I ran into James.
“James, will you go to the market place and buy something for Mary? Buy her something that no one else has. Perhaps some type of pendant or ring. Bring it to me later today, because I want to see her tomorrow.”
“…The Mary that you spoke about the other day?”
“Yes that Mary, my blessed, Mary.”
“I would be more than glad to do that for you, Jon.” Feeling a sense of calmness, knowing that I would see Mary, the following day, I took a couple of breaths and then walked over to Timothy, and the girls, with a fake smile on my face. “Timothy, I’ll show them the rest of the grounds. Thank you for your help. I’m sorry that it took me so long. Would you like to see the rest of the grounds?”
“Wherever you take us will be fine, Sir Jon,” Genola softly says as she takes my arm. Shocked, Hortence almost yells, “What makes you think that you can hold his arm, Genola?”
“I was a little uneasy on my feet and needed some balance, Hortence.”
“…Really?” Running to the opposite side and grabbing his other arm, “I am feeling a little off balance also, Genola.”
“Look, ladies.  You’re making me unbalanced! I think that both of you can walk on your own. Please, let go of my arms.” They quickly let go, and I tried to change the subject.
“Look, over there, my favorite place to think. Let’s sit for a while ladies.”
Running to the bench, both girls quickly sit down. “I’m glad that you beat me to the bench. I was wondering if there would be enough room for all of us. Clearly there isn’t, so I’ll stand.”
Genola quickly stands up and says, “I’ll stand up then, Sir Jon.”
Hortence quickly takes her opportunity. “Now there’s enough room for you to sit next to me, Sir Jon.”
Not wanting to get caught in their game I thoughtfully said, “Ah, I don’t think so. I think that I’d have more room standing here. You sit as long as you would like though, Hortence.”
“Well, I don’t want to sit here if you aren’t going to sit by me.”
“Genola, why don’t you sit by your sister?”
“I’d rather stand by you, Sir Jon.”
“Well, if you’re both going to stand, then I’m going to stand,” Hortence retorts.
“If we’re all going to stand, then why don’t we just continue walking around the grounds, ladies?”
“…Whatever you want to do, Sir Jon.”
“Fine then…. This is the trough that I use to sail boats in when I was young.”
“Isn’t that what your horses drink from?” Genola asks. 
“Yes.”
“How could you sail your boats in that dirty water?”
“It looks dirty to you?”
“It’s just the fact that the horses slobber in it when they drink the water.”
“Yes… horses slobber. What do you think of everything that you have seen today?”
“It’s beautiful,” Hortence says.
“…There are so many rooms in your palace. How do you fill them all?” Genola questions with a sparkle in her eyes.
“Part of the rooms will be filled with my children when I marry,” he says thinking of Mary.
“Oh, my goodness, how many children do you want?” Genola questions with a smile.
“I would like six children,” I immediately replied trying to discourage these girls.
“What if they are all girls?” Genola questions him. “Then, I would need more than six children. I need a boy to carry on my family name.”
“I suppose that could be arranged, Jon, given enough time,” Genola says.
Pushing, Genola, to the side, Hortence, takes my arm again. Looking closely into my eyes, Hortence says, “I don’t mind that horses slobber, Sir Jon.”
“Oh, we’re back to the horses again?”
Jealousy over takes Genola; quickly getting a hand full of dirt she throws it into her sister’s face.
“HOW DARE YOU!” Hortence yells, as she spits out the dirt.
“Oh, I’m sorry, sister. I didn’t mean to get the dirt on you. I was just throwing it up in the air. Here, let me help you get clean.”
Trusting her sister, she closed her eyes, “Thank you sister.” 
Getting a hand full of water, Genola throws it into her face. Shocked, Hortence opens her eyes, “HOW COULD YOU HAVE DONE THIS TO ME, YOUR OWN SISTER?”
“I was just helping you to get clean,” Genola says innocently.
“Do you really think that you are helping me to get clean?”
“Yes.”
“Really…let me help you, dear sister, in the same way that you have helped me.”
Dirt is now flying all around, as the girls are wrestling on the ground. Watching the girls fighting next to the water trough, I motioned to Timothy to back the horses up. Suddenly, the water trough falls over, and both Genola and Hortence are in a puddle of mud.
“Oh, I’m so sorry, my Ladies, the horses backed up,” Timothy apologizes.
Looking over at Timothy, it was extremely hard for me to keep my composure, “Ladies, you should look at yourselves.”
Their fighting stops. Looking at each other, they begin to scream, as they get up and run into the palace.
Suddenly, I heard, “Jon!”
“What do you want, Mother?”
“Lunch is ready.”
“Just in time, Mother, I think that Hortence and Genola are all ready inside and I’ll be in there in a minute.”
The smile on my face explained how I felt.
“That was so funny, Timothy. Thank you sooooo much. That helped me for a minute, but I don’t know how much more I can take of this. Everywhere I go, there is at least one of them by my side, I never get a moment to myself. Say, have you seen James? I asked him to go on an errand for me.”
“No, Sir, I haven’t seen him.”
Just then the latch of the South Gate turned. “Maybe that’s him.” 
James comes through the gate running toward the stable. “What are you doing out here, Jon?”
Hearing James calling “Sir”, by his first name, Timothy, reacts. “How dare you call him, Jon, we are to address him as, ‘Sir’.”
Looking at Timothy, with a dismissive look James says, “I’ll talk to you about that in a minute, Timothy.”
Running over to me he says, “I found it Jon, the perfect thing for Mary.”
“Mary? Who is Mary?” Timothy asks.
James looks at Timothy again with warning eyes. “Don’t interrupt us again, Timothy. I’ll tell you later.”
“Jon, here it is. Look!” James’ eyes are as wide as they can be, and his smile is very broad. 
“Wow!” I couldn’t believe my eyes. “It’s perfect.”  Looking on the inside of the band an idea came to mind.  “James I’ve seen you carve metal before. Do you think that you could carve a small boat on the inside of the band, by the word Destiny that is already there? The first day we met, we sailed a boat that I had made from the paper that was in your pocket.”
“I can do that, Jon.”
“Great. Then I’ll take it to her tomorrow, which means that tonight, right after dinner we have to create a plan so that I can get out of here without being noticed by Hortence and Genola.”
“I’ll be carving while you are eating.”
“Thank you, James. See you shortly.”
Dinner is a celebration tonight, because of the Duchess and her two daughters. Mother has invited other guests and arranged for some entertainment, along with an evening of dancing.
All evening long I had to keep a smile on my face. But my heart was exploding with excitement, with the thought that I would see Mary the next day.
After dinner, as the music begins to play, the Duchess walked over to me and asked, “Would you ask Genola to dance?”
“I would be glad to ask her, my Lady.”
Walking over to Genola, I had to walk past Hortence. Fighting back the urge to vomit, and swallowing as hard as I could, I asked, “Genola, would you dance with me?”
“Yes, I would love to.”
As we danced, moving around on the floor, Genola is busy talking about herself and her many accomplishments; of which dancing is one. Already having been stepped on twice, I decide her other accomplishments must not be too outstanding, either. As we pass by Hortence, Genola falls onto the floor, face first. From the corner of my eye, I see Hortence pull the foot that she had stuck out onto the dance floor back to its place, while pretending to look in another direction.
“Genola, are you alright?” I asked, but before I even had the chance to bend over to reached her, Hortence was in my face, ready to dance.
“I would like to dance with you, Jon.”
“Let me help, Genola, first.”
“She’s fine. I want to dance with you right now!”
Genola finally stands up, as Hortence is talking and dancing with Jon. Walking toward them, she yells, “HORTENCE, HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?” and grabs her hair.
“LISTEN, GENOLA. JON WOULD HAVE ASKED ME TO DANCE FIRST, BECAUSE HE PASSED RIGHT BY ME. BUT, MOTHER ASKED HIM TO ASK YOU!” Hortence yells as she rips off the shoulder lace on Genola’s dress.
“I DON’T CARE HOW IT HAPPENED. I WAS DANCING WITH HIM, AND YOU TRIPPED ME!”
“I DIDN’T TRIP YOU. YOUR DRESS GOT IN YOUR WAY!”
“YOU ARE A LIAR!”
“DON’T EVER CALL ME A LIAR. YOU’RE A TRAMP!”
“…A TRAMP?”
“YES. YOU GO TO HIS BEDROOM BY YOURSELF IN THE MORNING!”
As the girls continue to yell and push each other around, finally falling and wrestling on the floor, all of the guests are watching wide eyed and my Mother is horrified.
Walking over to the kitchen door where my friend James was standing I asked, “James, who do you think will win?”
“I don’t know. Apparently, I missed the fight this afternoon. But I think that Genola has more determination.”
“I’ll wager you one week’s pay that Hortence will win this one, James.”
“You’re on.”
Watching the girls continue their fighting, Mother, after scouting the room, finally sees me by the kitchen door. Her look lets me know what she wants me to do.
“Sorry James, I guess the bet is off. I have to go and stop the fight.”
Slowly, very slowly, I made my way through our guests. I bent down grabbing their arms. 
“Ladies, ladies, I’ll dance with both of you if you will just stop this fighting. Please, get up off the floor so that our party can continue,” I quietly requested.
“I’ll stop Jon, if you will dance with me.”
“He is going to dance with me!”
“…What about if I dance with both of you at the same time?”
“You’ll do that, Jon?”
“I will. Just get up off the floor.”
Standing up, dusting off their dresses and straightening their hair, the girls are ready to dance.
“I’m going to dance with him first, Hortence, because I was dancing with him when you tripped me.”
“I didn’t trip you.”
“…Now, Ladies, remember that our deal was that I would dance with both of you at the same time.”
Everyone at our party breathes a sigh of relief. The music starts and the party begins once again, as I danced on the floor smothered by Genola, and Hortence. I looked over at James, pleading with my eyes. After several long minutes, other young men begin asking Genola, and Hortence, to dance, after being paid by James.  Finally I was free.
“I am indebted to you, James.”
“Yes…you are,” he said with a smile.
Between conversations with the other guests, ideas of how I could sneak off the palace grounds kept going through my head. Would the final plans that, James and I prepared work? All I could continually think of was spending time with Mary. How was I going to be able to accomplish that with Hortence, and Genola, here?
Finally, the festivities are over and the last guests have left. After seeing all of my mother’s guests to the door, she says, “Jon, Duchess, Hortence and Genola, I’m exhausted. I’m going to bed. I’ll see you all in the morning.”
“Good night, my Lady,” they all reply.
The Duchess, her daughters and I continued sitting in front of the fire in the great room, talking of the day that they arrived.
“Don’t ever be in a coach when Genola, is driving it,” Hortence, laughs.
“I agree with that one.” The Duchess adds, “But, wasn’t it amazing that a flying contraption actually led us to our destination?”
“It must be a sign,” Genola says.
“Whether it is a sign or not, is still something that we need to find out,” responds the Duchess with a yawn. “I’m going to bed.”
“Jon, will you take us horseback riding tomorrow?” Hortence asks.
“We’ll see how the day goes my lady. But aren’t you tired tonight? Why don’t all of you go to bed, it’s late and there will be a lot to do tomorrow.”
Genola could sense that I was trying to get rid of them, so she replied, “Yes. I think that Jon is right. Let’s go to bed.”
After watching the two sisters reach the top of the stairs, I slipped out of the palace, running to the stable. “I’m finally here. Were you able to carve a boat, James?”
“Yes, Jon. Here’s the ring. What do you think?”
“WOW, it’s perfect! Thank you so very much. You’re such a great friend, James. Do you have time to help me create a plan for tomorrow so that I can get out of here discretely?”
“I’ll stay up as long as you need me to, Jon.”
“You know that I couldn’t do this without you, don’t you, James?”
“Just as long as we don’t get caught, Jon, that’s the only thing that I’m concerned about.”
“No one has caught on yet have they, James?”
“No, Jon.”
“Don’t worry my friend. Everything will turn out as it should. Let’s get to our plan.”
“Actually Jon, rumor has it that they are all going to go shopping tomorrow.”
“Where did you hear that?”
“From the kitchen staff, apparently they heard my Lady ask the Duchess earlier today.”
“That should make it a lot easier. Hopefully that’s the case, but do you mind if we make a plan, just in case that’s really just a rumor?”
“I don’t mind, but the kitchen staff usually knows what’s going on.”
“Really, we’ve known each other for all these years. This is the first time that you’ve told me that.”
“Well, we keep some things to ourselves, Jon,” James says with a smile. “Don’t worry. You won’t have any trouble going to see, Mary, tomorrow. I promise you, Jon.”
“I’ll count on that, but just in case, let’s make an alternative plan. I want to make sure that I give her this ring tomorrow, James.”
“You will, Jon. You will.”



CHAPTER 4


The painfully crafted plan, to sneak off of the palace grounds to see Mary, had to work, or I would never be able to see her, again. I knew in my heart that, Genola and Hortence would see to that.
One thing that James and I hadn’t counted on, was the fact that Genola’s, bedroom window faced the stable. As soon as she had reached her room, she went over to the window to look at the beautiful moon. She heard footsteps below and as she looked down into the court yard, she saw the shadow of a man walking quickly toward the stable.
Genola continued watching as he walked straight toward James, hearing him say, “James, are you ready? Let’s get this thing planned.” She began thinking to herself, “What are they planning?” In the light of the stable she finally realized who it was. “Sir Jon was so anxious for all of us to go to bed. What is the real reason that he didn’t want to be with us any more tonight? I’ve got to know what they are planning.”
As the evening darkness turned quite cold, I suggested to James, that we go into the great room where the fireplace was still burning. Watching us leave the stable and go into the palace, Genola, tip toed down the stair case and sat on a step where she wouldn’t be seen, but where she could hear what we were talking about.
“James, we need to leave a bit earlier than normal. Do you think that this plan will work?” I said very concerned.
“I don’t know why it wouldn’t, Jon. We’ve been doing it this the whole summer. All we have to do is to make sure that, Hortence and Genola, don’t catch up to me wearing your clothes.”
“What if they do?” I asked with concern.
“I’ll just tell them that we are of similar size, and the tailor is making some new clothes for you.”
“James, what would I do without you?”
“Jon, just let me know what she says about the gift.”
“I will, James. You can bet on that!”
“…She? Who is this she? I want to see my competition!” Genola says to herself.
After all of the arrangements are made for an alternative plan, in case my mother, the Duchess, and her daughters don’t go shopping, it is quite late and time for James to leave so I walked him to the door.
“Oh, I had better get up the stairs a lot quicker than I came down,” Genola says to herself, and quickly runs up the stairs to her room.
I walked back into the great hall and sat down in front of the fire, talking softly to myself. “Mary. My darling, Mary, what would I have done without you? We met by chance, but tomorrow, I will make you mine. We will be together forever.” With a smile on my face, and lightness to my steps, I went to my room.
All through the night, I continued to wake up. “I’m so excited, it’s hard to sleep. This night seems like it will last forever,” I said as I paced back and forth in my room. “When is the sun going to come up?” Walking to my window, I thought, “Well, at least I can see the stars and know that time is passing, because the moon, and the stars are always in a different place when I walk over to the window, I just wish that I could reach into the sky and make the night move faster!”
Genola was also anxiously waiting for the morning sun and had barely closed her eyes. “I’m not going to even change my dress, if I do, I might miss him and I want to be able to leave as soon as he does.” With determination, she says to herself, “I will see her. I will know who my competition is!”
The morning sun finally began to spread its warm shinning rays. Knowing how excited I was to see Mary, James has my horse ready for me the moment I stepped into the stable.
“Thank you, James. I’m glad that you wore your best outfit for me to wear on this special occasion.”
“I’m sure that you would do the same for me, Jon.”
“I will someday, James.”
Genola had watched me anxiously run to the stable and continues to watch as James and I exchange clothes.
“Why would someone of noble blood, want to wear commoner’s clothing?” she says with disgust.
She watches me walk my horse over to the South Gate, mount and ride through it. From her bedroom window, she makes sure of the direction that I would ride. Genola quickly runs down the stairs, and out to the stable. Timothy had just arrived, and didn’t know anything about what was going on.
“Get me a horse as fast as you can, boy,” she says in a snooty manner.
“Yes, my Lady,” Timothy calmly responds.
“Do you have somewhere special that you are going to, my Lady?” Timothy questions.
“I just want to go for a morning ride,” she curtly replies. “Would you like someone to accompany you?”
Genola, abruptly says, “Look. I’m not here to have a conversation with you. Just saddle my horse as fast as you can.”
“It’s ready.”
“Oh… that was fast. Now get out of my way so that I can get on with my ride,” she says as she raises her hands in a sweeping motion.
Riding to the South Gate, she bends down and opens it. As soon as she is through the gate, she rides as fast as she can in the direction that she had seen me ride.
James walks into the stable shortly after Genola has left. “Timothy, where is the other horse?” he asks.
“The oldest daughter, Genola, wanted to go for a morning ride.”
“And she left by the South Gate?” James questions.
 “Yes. How did you know?” 
“The gate is still open. Did she say where she was going?”
“No, Sir. She seemed to know where she was going…
Finally realizing that James was wearing royal clothing he asks, “What are you wearing those clothes for?” 
“Oh, I’m just helping Jon.” Turning around, he says under his breath, “I knew it from the beginning. We’re going to get caught.”
Riding as fast as she can Genola is quickly close enough to see me riding ahead of her, but far enough behind that I didn’t know that she was there.
After a short while, I got off of my horse and tied the reins to a tree. There is grass, and a stream close by, so that he could feed while I was gone. Seeing Mary, in the meadow, I ran to meet her. I held her in my arms as we gazed into each other’s eyes.
“I’ve missed you, Matthew. I was hoping that you would be able to come today. But I wasn’t sure. Then when I saw you walking toward me, my heart raced so fast, I was afraid that it would pop out of my chest.”
“I’m so glad to hear you say that, Mary, because the moment that I saw you in the field, my heart began to race also. I’ve missed you so much.” I picked her up swinging her around and around.
Genola, pulled back on the reins of her horse, riding to hide behind a huge bush so she could watch the interaction between us. Getting off her horse she says, “So, this is the girl who is my competition! Well, we’ll see about that. She is a commoner, and I’m of noble birth,” she says with disgust. Continuing to watch our interaction she is particularly interested as I hand Mary, a small box.
“Matthew, what is this?” Mary, asks as she opens the box. “It’s beautiful, Matthew,” she says jumping up and down with glee.
At this time, Genola wished that she could have been closer to see exactly what was in the box.
“Matthew, there’s only one thing. The ring is too big for my fingers.”
“I’ve got a chain around my neck. You could put the ring on it, and wear it as a necklace, until your fingers get bigger.”
Genola jealously continues to watch as I fasten the necklace around Mary’s neck.  Looking down into her eyes, we continued to smile at each other not wanting to let go of our embrace.

* * *

Looking up from the notebook, Julia says, “Ok, Evan. Now if this was, Katherine, I think that I would have the answer to all of my questions. But her name is Mary. What do you think?”
“I’m thinking that you will have to finish the story to see what happens,” Evan tells her with a smile on his face.
“You’re no fun, Evan,” and she pushes his shoulder.
“I really like this story, Julia. Keep reading and you will like it also.”
“I like it. It’s just that I want to know the answers to my questions now. You’ve been my partner in the police force long enough, to know that I can’t wait to solve a case.”
“Would you like to get something to eat in the Kitchen?”
“Oh. Did you hear my stomach growl?” Julia asked. 
Smiling, Evan, said, “Actually, I did. Are you ready?”
“Yes, I’d like to have some nachos. Does that sound good to you?”
“It sounds delicious.”
Walking down the back kitchen stairs and turning the lights on, Evan, begins walking toward the refrigerator. “What the heck?” he states, as he hears something crash and break just outside the sliding glass doors.
“Quiet!” Evan abruptly commands, looking at Julia, “Go back upstairs, Julia, now!” Looking back to the kitchen, he sees a face looking through the window. Yelling to Julia, he says, “Stay down. Don’t go by any window.”
The sliding glass door breaks from the impact of a metal patio chair. Evan pulls out his gun and begins to fire in the direction of the shattered glass door. 
Evan shouts, “Julia, call for back up.” 
At that moment, a bullet coming through the sliding glass door, hit the trajectory point just above his shoulder. He falls to the floor still firing back. “Stay where you are, Julia. This guy’s still here.”
“Officers being fired on at the safe house,” Julia reports.
Within a few seconds, sirens could be heard storming up the street. Evan and Julia begin to feel a sense of relief as soon as they see red and blue lights alternating their hues through the windows.
“Wow, they got here fast!” Julia exclaims.
“That’s because there are always squad cars close to houses like this, Julia.”
Single footsteps could be heard quickly leaving the patio area, as many others were running up the driveway. All of the officers had their guns pulled, ready to confront the intruder.
After several minutes, Officer Roberts, states, “There is no sign of the intruder. We’ll make a grid search of the grounds around the house, to see if we can gather any evidence.”
The officers worked quickly, finding footprints in the dirt leading up to the cement patio just outside the sliding glass door to the kitchen. The patio chair was lying on its side with its legs protruding through the glass as it was being dusted for finger prints. Bullet casings were also found in the same area.
“Get your things together. We’ve got to move you,” Officer Roberts, says.
“Wait a minute. Let me talk to my partner,” Evan, responds to the Officer, as he walks over to Julia.
Looking confused Evan states, “How could he have found us this quickly?”
“I don’t know. There’s got to be someone on the inside that knows him, and knows where we are.”
“I think you’re right. How do we know who to trust?”
“We’ll tell them that we are going to stay. Then we’ll leave the first thing in the morning,” Evan, decides.
“But then they will be looking for us.”
“I’ll leave them a note telling them that I will contact them.”
“Ok. You tell them, and I’ll go back up to my room and pack.”
Evan goes to Officer Roberts, “I’ve talked with my partner. We’ve decided to stay here.”
“I don’t think that that’s a safe decision, Sir. He’s already tried to break in once, and it’s still a few hours until day light. Don’t you think that it would be safer to come with us?” Officer Roberts questions.
“I appreciate your concern, Officer, but I think that we’ve decided to stay put. Thank you.”
“I still don’t agree with you, Sir, but I’ll gather my team and we’ll leave. The only thing that I can tell you is that we will keep our patrol cars patrolling this neighborhood, and hopefully this will discourage the perpetrator.”
“Thank you, Officer Roberts. I appreciate all of your help.”
Evan walks out to the front yard with Officer Roberts. “I hope that we will be able to work together again sometime, Officer Roberts. You’ve done a great job.”
“I’m glad that both of you are all right. I’ll gather my team, but remember we’re just a call away.” As, Officer Roberts leaves, Evan, goes back into the house.
“Ok, Evan. I’m all packed,” Julia announces.
“We have a few hours until we leave. What would you like to do?”
“We could continue reading, Jon’s notebook and still be able to hear everything that goes on outside,” Julia, suggests.
“Ok, let’s put the kitchen table, on its side, up next to the sliding glass door to secure it, and then go back upstairs.”
“That sounds like a great idea. But, let’s make sure that all of the curtains are closed and turn on all of the lights in every room downstairs.”
Walking up the stairs, Evan directs Julia, “Would you turn on the lights in this room and I’ll turn on the lights in the one down the hall. Make sure that you only turn on the ceiling lights. That way there won’t be any shadows cast onto the windows. If someone is still out there, they won’t know for sure what room we’re in.”
“Evan, do you think that he’ll try again tonight?”
“I don’t think that anyone will try at least for a couple of days with all of the excitement we had here tonight. But I don’t think we should take that chance, Julia. We’ll leave in the morning.”
“I’m willing to do what you think is best, Evan. Are you ready to listen to, Jon’s story?”
“I sure am.” Quickly jumping into the air and landing comfortably on the bed with his hands behind his head and his feet out straight and crossed, he says, “Read on partner.”

* * *

“So this is my competition, a commoner? Jon will not marry this girl. I will make sure of that!” Genola walks to her horse and quietly rides back to the palace. When she returns to the stable, Timothy asks, “How was your ride, my Lady?”
“It was very interesting. Clean up my horse, I might want to go for another ride later this afternoon,” Genola demands.
“Yes, my Lady,” Timothy calmly responds, holding the reins of the horse.
Genola gets off of her horse, swings her skirt out of her way, throws her head in the air to accentuate her nobility, and walks to the palace.
The Duchess is walking down the stairs, as Genola, is walking up the stairs.
“Where have you been so early in the morning, Genola?” her mother asks.
“I went for a ride, Mother,” Genola responds furiously. 
Surprised her mother asks, “A ride? Who was your chaperone?”
“I didn’t have one mother!”
“No chaperone?” her shocked mother states.
Feeling livid, Genola, growls, “No. Mother, I’m tired. I’m going to bed!”
“Genola isn’t that the same dress that you were wearing yesterday?” the duchess asks, with a puzzled look on her face.
“Will these questions never stop? Good night mother!” Genola replies indignantly.
Under her breath, the Duchess states, “Children…when will they respect their elders?”
The Duchess walks to the kitchen. “What’s for breakfast?” she asks.
“My Lady, you’re up so early,” the shocked head kitchen maid declares.
“Yes. That rooster gets everyone up early doesn’t he?”
“Yes Madame.”
“Where is my breakfast?” she demands. “Breakfast isn’t ready yet, my Lady.”
“How dare you make me wait…when my daughter marries, Sir Jon, you had better never make me wait again! I’ll go upstairs and get into my daily wear. I should be back in ten minutes and you had better have my breakfast ready for me by that time.” The Duchess turns around, lifts her head high with her nose in the air, and walks up the stairs in a stately manner, to make a point that she is of a higher class than they are; she is to be respected, and waited on.
“But the lady of the house doesn’t want breakfast for another hour. What are we going to do?”
“We’ll just have to find something for the Duchess to eat until the main breakfast is ready. Do you have any suggestions?” the main kitchen maid asks her staff.
“Yes. What about tea laced with arsenic so that we won’t have to worry about her ever living here?”
The whole kitchen staff laughs, “That’s a good thought, but we can’t really do it. Do any of you have any other suggestions?”
“What about scrambled eggs with melted cheese on bread, and fruit juice? That would be fast, but not too filling.
That way she can also eat the main breakfast with the lady of the house,” the maid second in command suggests.
“Excellent. That should please the Duchess, and the Lady of the House.”
Ten minutes later, the Duchess is back in the dining room. “Is my breakfast ready?”
“Yes, my Lady.”
Breakfast is brought to her on beautiful plates to enhance the quickly made breakfast.
“Breakfast is served, my lady.”
“Now this is the type of service that I like. Wait on me hand and foot, and you will never have any trouble from me.” The Duchess smiles as she picks up her fork to eat her eggs.
“Yea, I’d like to wait on you with my hand and foot,” the head server says quietly, as she stands waiting to be of service.
“What did you say?” the Duchess asks, as she is in the middle of picking up her cheese bread, to take a bite out of it.
“I said I’d be more than happy to wait on you hand and foot, my Lady.”
“Remember that, because I will be living here someday.” She points with her cheese bread to the kitchen staff to make a point.
“Not if I can help it,” the head kitchen maid says under her breath who is also standing waiting to be of service.
“Did you have something to say?” the Duchess questions after taking a sip of her juice.
“I just wondered if I could help you in any other way, myLady.”
“No, you’re all excused. I’ll call you if I need anything else.”
 The staff curtsy, tip their heads, turn around and walk to the kitchen.
I quietly arrived through the South Gate and took my horse to the stable. Changing clothes with James, I was beaming from ear to ear.
“James, she loved it! I gave it to her, and then I asked her to marry me.”
“You did what?” James responded with a shocked, couldn’t believe what he heard look on his face.
Happily dancing around James, I repeated what I had said. “I asked her to marry me, and she said that she would.”
“I thought she was a commoner?” James said concerned.
“She is…well actually I’ve never asked her. But her clothing has always been that of a commoner.”
“Does she know that you are of royal birth?”
“No. I’ve never told anyone out of this palace.”
“Then she thinks that you are a commoner too?”
“I guess. I don’t really know. We’ve never talked of such things.”
“If you will remember, that’s the type of clothes that you have been wearing,” James points out, while he is trying to get me to think about my situation.
Puzzled, I answered, “I suppose. Actually I’d never thought of that before.”
“Well, Jon, I think that you had better start thinking about it, because I think that we are in trouble,” James stated with an, I told you tone.
“Why, what happened?”
“After you left, I went for a walk so that no one would see me in your clothes. I walked over by a tree and watched you leave. Then shortly thereafter, another horse left with a woman on its back. I walked back to the stable, and asked, Timothy, where the other horse was. He said Genola wanted to go for a morning ride, so he saddled it for her.”
I interrupted, “Why should that be a problem, James?”
“She left by the South Gate, and traveled in the same direction that you rode on your way to see Mary.”
“I didn’t see anyone riding in the same direction as I was going.”
“Were you looking for anyone? Or were you thinking of Mary?” James questioned.
“I was only thinking of Mary.”
My stomach began to feel queasy,. Could James have been right all this time? Has Genola found out about Mary? Did she actually follow me? I could feel my excitement leaving.
“James, if Genola knows anything, then I’ll never be able to see, Mary again.”
“Have you ever thought of what might happen to me, Jon, if I am ever caught wearing your clothes?” James asks concerned about his own future.
“James, I’m so sorry. Hopefully, she wasn’t following me, and she knows nothing. I thought that they were going to go shopping today?”
“That was the rumor. Then I found out that, Genola wanted to wait a few days.”
“Ah, so she does suspect something. Otherwise they would have gone shopping for sure. I’ve got to do something to throw her off track.”
Going into the palace, I said, “Mother, Duchess, good morning. What are we having for breakfast?”
“Breakfast rolls, eggs and bacon, and the most delicious milk.”
“…My favorite breakfast, Mother. I can’t wait to eat!”
“My goodness, Jon, you’re up early. I normally have to call you to come down to breakfast.”
“I went on an early morning horse ride.”
“You did? Genola went on an early morning horse ride also,” the Duchess says with excitement.
Not even responding, mired deep in thought, I said to myself, “I wish that Genola would say something so that I would know if she had followed me or not. If she did, I wonder if she saw Mary, and if she saw us will she tell anyone?  If she does I’ll never be able to see Mary, again. In fact, I’ll probably never be able to leave the palace grounds without a chaperone. If she does know anything, what will she do?”
Thinking things through, Jon decides “I had better pay more attention to her so that she will think that I am interested in her. Then, when she leaves, I can see my, Mary again.”
Looking down at my food, I sensed that mother and the Duchess were looking at each other, feeling that their plan to get me married was working.
Mouthing to the Duchess, Mother says, “They went for a ride together and don’t want us to know about it.” They both smile at each other excited for the possible future that they have already planned for both of our families.
She then asks, “Do you have anything to tell us, Jon?”
In a sad voice, I said, “No, Mother.” All of a sudden an idea came to my head. Looking up, I said, “Duchess, where is Genola?”
“I think that she is up in her room,” she says as she winks at Jon’s mother. Both mothers watched as I quickly left the table.
“Duchess, do you think it’s starting to work?”
“Jon sure seemed in a hurry to see, Genola. Maybe it is working.”
Running up the stairs to, Genola’s room, I knocked on the door. “Genola, are you in there?”
“What? Who is that?” Genola said trying to wake from a sound sleep.
“Genola, it is Jon. I was wondering if you would like to go for a ride in the countryside.”
“Jon, you want me to go for a ride with you?” she questions.
Hearing her voice, I tried to sound positive. “Yes, that’s what I’m asking you. Can you be ready in thirty minutes?”
“Yes, I can be ready.”
“Fine…. When you come down, we’ll eat breakfast together and then go on a ride, if that’s all right with you?”
“I would love to go with you, Jon. I’ll be ready within thirty minutes, but I need help from your lady servants. Would you mind asking two of them to come up here and help me?” she says, trying to sound helpless.
“Yes, I’ll go downstairs and ask them to come up and help you.” I walked down the stairs, “Rosanna and Teresa, would you please go upstairs and help, Genola, get dressed so that we can go horseback riding?”
“Help her get dressed? Can’t she dress herself?” Teresa, questions in a distressed manner.
“She’s use to having help getting into her dresses and having her hair done.”
“Jon, don’t get involved with that witch,” Rosanna cautions.
“She’s no good, Jon. Be careful. She’s a sly one. You’re too good for her,” Teresa warns.
“Do you mind if we walk to her bedroom while we talk?”
“That would be fine, Jon,” they say in unison.
I reassured, Rosanna and, Teresa, “Thank you my Mothers. I take your opinions with great respect. You have helped to raise me since I was very little. I know that you only think of what is for my best good.”  Putting both of my arms into theirs I assured them, “All will be told to you in time. If you will just help me now, I would really appreciate it.”
“We’re only doing it because you are asking us. We aren’t doing it for her,” Teresa states.
“I know, and I love you for it.”
As we approached her bedroom door, Genola opens it. “Genola, this is Rosanna, and Teresa. They have been with me since I was a little boy. I know that they will treat you kindly.”
“Thank you, Jon. I know that they will do what I ask them to do,” Genola, says with an authoritative smile.
“Alright if you’re all set then, I’ll leave.”
“I’ll see you in a little bit,” Genola, softly says. 
“I’ll go outside. Let me know when she’s ready my mothers.”
“We’ll work miracles Jon.  Don’t worry about a thing.”
In my mind I thought, “I don’t think that even a miracle would work with that girl.”  No one compared to Mary.   How could I even stand being with Genola?  All I could think of was that Genola and Hortence would be gone soon and then I would explain everything to Mary. I’m sure that she would understand.
Meanwhile, Genola, calls her sister Hortence, and asks her to help with the maid servants. 
“Hortence, show Rosanna how I want my hair done…. Teresa, I want to try on these dresses. Come on, let’s get cracking, I only have thirty minutes.”
Without even taking a breath she demands, “Teresa, where is my first dress? Come on, you’ve got to be faster than that. We’re on a time crunch here.”
Teresa picks up one of the dresses that Genola has laid out. 
“No not that one! I want to try this one on first. And when you put something back, Teresa, make sure that you don’t put another wrinkle in it. I want it laid out flat, like this!” using her hands to smooth out the dress.
“Teresa. I need to get my under clothes and dress on first, so that Rosanna, can do my hair second. Come on. Let’s get to it. Snap, snap.”
Finally, Teresa is completely worn out helping Genola to get her under clothes on, and trying on several dresses. Each dress is so heavy and awkward to try on, but one is finally decided on by Hortence and Genola, “Yes, I think that this one will do,” they both say, smiling at each other.
Teresa, put the other dresses back, and laid the chosen dress out making sure that it was flat. Wanting to please Jon, she made sure that everything would be perfect.
“Did they finally decide on a dress?” a teasing Rosanna quietly asked, Teresa.
“Yes, well don’t be too happy, I think that it’s your turn now,” Teresa softly said, smiling back.
“Rosanna, now it’s time to do my hair” Genola stated. Continuing, she said, “You start by combing my hair. If you are doing something wrong, Hortence will tell you. Then, she’ll show you the right way to do it.”
Rosanna begins to comb Genola’s hair, “Have you ever combed anyone’s hair before? Or have you just been in the kitchen, or maybe the stable? I mean, maybe you’ve only had time to comb the horses’ mane, because you’re not combing my hair the right way.”
After a great deal of emotional abuse by Hortence, and Genola, directed toward Rosanna, and Teresa while they are trying to help her get ready, Genola is finally presentable enough to be with Jon.
Teresa goes to Hortence’s window and calls down to Jon, “She’s ready!”
“Looks like it’s time to go James, and Timothy. Wish me luck!”
“You’re going to need it, Jon.”
“Be sure to be your charming self.”
“I will.” Looking back up to Teresa, I called back, “Coming.”
Genola, walks down the stairs.  Putting her arm in mine I took her into the dining room.
“I have had our staff set the dining room table, so that we can have some time to ourselves.”
“Why, thank you, Jon. After seeing you this morning with that other girl, I never thought that you would want to spend any time with me,” she says deriding him.
“Oh, that girl, you don’t have to worry about her.”
“Who is she, Jon?”
“Just a girl in the village….”
“You seemed to like each other a lot, by the way that you both responded to each other.”
“It would seem that way wouldn’t it?”
“So, how do you feel about her?” Genola persisted.
“Genola, she’s a commoner. How do you think that I would feel about her?”
“Now, that that’s clear, you won’t see her again, will you, Jon?”
My heart was aching, my stomach was in turmoil. I didn’t want to be talking to Genola about Mary. Mary was the only woman that I would ever love. She is in my heart. She is sacred to me. I didn’t want to talk to, Genola, about anything, let alone about, Mary.
“Well, actually you shouldn’t care, Genola. You’ll be leaving in a few days. What I do will be none of your business. What we do have, is today. Are you ready to go on a horse ride?”
“Yes. I’m ready to go, Jon,” Under her breath she said, “And I will have a say in who you are with, Jon. You just wait and see.”
We walked to the stables. James and Timothy had just finished getting our horses ready for us. As James and Timothy rush over to help Genola onto her horse, I mounted mine.
I was smiling, but my eyes had no sparkle. James could tell that my smile was a fake, but, Genola is so happy that we are going on a ride together, that she doesn’t notice.
Rosanna, and Teresa, are by the kitchen door, and wave to us as we leave. “Was that only thirty minutes?” Rosanna asked.
“I know. I thought that we were helping her for a whole year,” Teresa answered. “Rosanna, we can’t let her marry, Jon. We just can’t.”
“We’ll have to figure something out, Teresa. If she stays, I’m leaving,” Rosanna warns.
“I think that the whole staff will go,” Teresa added.
Meanwhile, I was trying to be polite toward Genola. “How do you like your horse, Genola?”
“It’s fine. But my horse at home is prettier and has more of a gentle ride.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. Would you like to go back to the stable and get another horse?”
“No. I’ll tuff it out, Sir Jon.”
“Good. Look at the beautiful trees that we have on our property.”
“Actually, the trees that we have are a lot bigger.”
“Do you like the flowers that are on the grounds?”
“Not particularly. I’d plant a lot more of them if I were you.”
“…Really?”
After five minutes of talking with Genola, I couldn’t take it any longer. I could think only of Mary and how I loved being with her all day long. I loved her voice. Her laugh made me laugh. I loved her good nature and her kindness to everyone that she saw. I longed to see her; to touch her, to hold her, my beautiful, Mary.
Everything that I loved about Mary, I hated about Genola. They were direct opposites. How could my mother even think that I would ever want, Genola, for my wife? I couldn’t wait until the day the Duchess and her daughters would leave to go to their own home.
“Genola, I know that we haven’t been riding very long, but my war injury is acting up,” I apologized.
“You went to war?” Genola asked surprised.
Realizing that my mother wouldn’t back me up, I changed my story a little. “Well, actually, James, Timothy, and I were riding one day, pretending that we were at war, and my horse threw me. Since that time, my back hurts me when I’m riding on cold days. But, I need you to keep it a secret because I haven’t told my mother about my injury. I don’t want to worry her. Will you keep my secret, Genola?”
“Yes, I’ll keep your secret, Jon. Is there anything that I can do?”
“No. Just get me home so that I can lie down in the straw in the stable.”
“…The straw in the stable?”
“Yes. If I go into the palace looking like this, mother will ask me what happened. I don’t want her to worry about me. So, every time this happens, I just lay down in the straw in the stable, and James and Timothy take care of me.”
“Jon. I just hope that you’re not in too much pain.”
“I’ll be fine as soon as I lay down in the straw.”
We slowly turned our horses around and headed back to the stable.
James and Timothy were shocked to see us coming back so soon. “What’s wrong, Jon?” James asks.
“It’s my war injury,” I answered, in pain.
“Your what?” James questions.
I quickly looked at him sternly, and repeated, “My war injury.”
“Oh, that! It’s acting up again, huh?” Timothy remarks covering up, James’ response.
“Yes. I need to lie down in the straw and have both of you take care of me, like you always do when this happens.”
“Oh, we can do that, Jon,” James, states. Genola looks at him. “I mean, Sir.”
“Genola, it’s getting a little cold out here. Why don’t you go in and ask our servants to start a fire? Thank you for being so understanding,” I said.
Genola turns and walks to the palace. As she walks in the door, her mother asks, “Why are you back so quickly?”
“It was getting too cold, so we decided to come back. I’m sure that we will go another day, Mother. Oh, by the way would you ask the servants to start a fire?”
“Yes, dear….”
Out in the stable, James, says, “War injury?”
“That’s the only thing that I could think of to get us back here. She was driving me crazy! I couldn’t get, Mary, off my mind, and I kept asking myself, why I was out here with, Genola. So, I made up the war story.”
“Do we need to know the story, Jon, just in case she asks us about it?” James questions making sure that they get all of the facts.
“Basically, you, Timothy, and I were out riding our horses and playing like we were in a war, when my horse threw me. Every since that day, on cold days, when I am riding my horse, I’m in a lot of pain.”
“Well, that’s simple enough. Is there anything else that you might have forgotten?” James, questions.
“No. I think that’s about it.”
“Why did you say that you needed to lay out here in the straw?” Timothy asks.
“Because, I knew that she wouldn’t want to stay out here. She can’t stand the smell of the stables. So as long as I’m lying here helping my war wound to heal, I’ll be away from her.”
My chest was bursting with pride at the wonderful story I had just created as I realized that my imagination had saved me from having to spend any more time with Genola. Picking up a piece of straw, I put it in my mouth. James, and Timothy, looked at me and we all quietly laughed.
Finally, the end of the week is in view. “James today is Friday. I can’t wait! Tomorrow they’ll be leaving.”
“That’s not what I’ve heard, Jon.”
“Not the kitchen staff again! Remember when you said that they would be going shopping and they didn’t?”
“Well, actually the kitchen staff was correct. The only reason that they didn’t go shopping that day, was because, Genola didn’t want to go. Do you remember that?”
“I do remember that now, James. I guess that we’ll have to wait to see if the Kitchen staff is correct this time.”
“If you will excuse me, I have to help mother prepare the great room for the party tonight.” Rubbing my hands together, I started with a great deal of enthusiasm, “I can’t wait!”
The celebration planned for their departure is due to begin, when suddenly, in the palace, the Duchess looks at Jon’s mother while we are all setting at the table, and makes a request. “You have all been so kind to us. We love it here. We would like to ask for your permission to extend our stay another two weeks. We would like to stay until your husband arrives home.”
When I heard her request, my hands gripped the edges of the table. I became angry, but tried not to show it. My mother said, “We’d love to have you here as long as you would like to stay.”
The Duchess responds, “Thank you, my dear. We’ll take you up on that invitation.”
“Excuse me, ladies.” I quickly walked out to the stables to talk to James.
In the stable, I paced back and forth, trying to contain my anger. “I can’t take it any longer, James. I need to see Mary. She’ll wonder what has happened to me. And these girls, along with their mother, I can’t stand having them here.”
“Try to wait a couple of days longer, Jon, so that we can be sure that Genola is thrown off track,” James cautions him.
“I need your help then.”
“…Anything, Jon, anything for you.”
“I’ve got an idea. In the morning, James, I’ll wake up early, and help you chop some wood.”
“That would be great, Jon.”
“Good, then, I’ll see you in the morning.”
Morning arrives and I jumped out of bed and dressed in clothes that I would be able to work in. Walking to the wood pile, I said “I’m here, James. I’d like to do all of the chopping. I want to get as dirty and as sweaty as I can.”
“It’s all yours, Jon,” James, sits back relaxing as he watches me chop the wood.
A couple of hours later the breakfast bell rings. “Are you ready for breakfast, Jon?” James asks.
“I sure am. How do I smell?”
Coming close, he smells, “Pretty bad, Jon, you smell worse than I do when I chop wood.”
“Good. What do I look like?”
“Let’s put a little more dirt on you.” James picks up a handful of dirt and throws it at my shirt and hands, and then he rubs more dirt on my face.
“Now, that’s the Jon that I’ve always wanted to see!”
“So it’s good?”
“Excellent!”
“Let’s go to breakfast.”
James goes to the kitchen to eat with the staff while Jon walks into the dining room. Genola is coming down the stairs, “Jon, what is that smell? And why are you dressed like that?”
“I’ve been out chopping wood.”
“Chopping wood? You chop wood?”
“Sure. You want to be able to have a fire don’t you?”
“Yes, but you have servants that can do that for you.”
“I never ask my servants to do anything that I can do for myself, Genola.”
“You do this all the time?”
“Yes.”
“Would you mind getting cleaned up? The smell is making me nauseated.”
 “As long as you are here, it’s something that you need to get use to, Genola.”
“…Mother!” Genola yells.
The Duchess couldn’t believe that Jon was at the breakfast table smelling like a worker.
“Jon, I heard you say that you had been chopping wood?” the Duchess questioned
“Yes. I love to chop wood! Tomorrow, it’s my turn to slop the pigs.”
“You’ve got to be kidding, Jon,” Genola, expressed. “Mother, I would never marry a man who slops pigs.”
“You wouldn’t?” I questioned.
“No, I wouldn’t. But I think that you’re just teasing me
Jon. I’ve never even heard of royals ever slopping pigs.”
“I guess you’ll see tomorrow. Would you like to watch me?”
“Of course not, why would I want to watch you do a servants job?”
“You said that you’ve never seen a royal slop pigs. I was going to give you that chance.”
“Jon, how could you ask me to get anywhere near those pigs?”
“You eat them, don’t you?”
“Yes.”
“Well, you get pretty close to them then.”
“That’s something different.”
“I don’t think that it’s any different. Anyway, right now, I’m going out to chop some more wood, and then I’ve got to get cleaned up. See you later.”
James walked back to the wood pile with me. “James, did you hear that? Genola would never marry a man who would slop pigs.”
“I heard it, Jon.”
“Well, guess what I’ll be doing for sure tomorrow?”
“Ah, let me take a guess, slopping pigs?”
“Yes, I was teasing her at first. But knowing now how she really feels, I’m going to make sure that those pigs get to know me quite well. She’ll finally leave and then I’ll be able to see Mary whenever I want to.”
“Now, that’s a plan, Jon.”
The rooster’s crow was a welcome sound. I ran out to the pig pen.
“James… Quickly, what do I do?”
“You take this pail of discarded food and pour it out onto the ground so that the pigs can eat it.”
“Oh. You don’t just put the pail in the pen?”
“No. Do you see how short the legs are on the pigs?”
“Yes.”
“Well, they can’t get their snouts into the pail to eat the slop because it’s too tall. That’s why we pour it out onto the ground, especially for the smaller ones.”
“Oh, so that’s why they were making so much noise when I was working for that piece of pie, from the farmer’s wife.”
“What?”
“…Nothing.  So, I take the pail, and pour it onto the ground and the pigs come and eat it. What about all the mud and dirt?”
“They love it. In fact if you get some of it on you, it would make a deeper impression on Genola.”
“Good idea, James. I’ll walk into the pen to get mud on my shoes and possibly even fall a couple of times...accidentally of course.”
“…Of course.”
After the pigs were fed, I walked out of the pen. “How do I look?”
“You look worse than you did yesterday.”
“Great! Is it time to go to breakfast?”
“I think so. Let’s go.”
Walking into breakfast Genola sees Jon. “So you really slop pigs?”
“I did, Genola. In fact, it’s one of my favorite things to do.”
Turning to the Duchess, she quietly says, “Mother, I can’t marry someone that slops pigs!”
“Excuse us a moment, everyone. Genola and I need to talk. Come with me, Genola!”
I went into the kitchen as the Duchess and Genola walked into another room.  Face to face and with a very dramatic expression, and animated lips, her mother quietly demands, “Listen, Genola. I’ve never seen, Jon, dirty until the last couple of days. He is the one that I want you to marry. Do you hear me?”
“But Mother!”
Cutting, Genola off, her mother continues, “Look at this beautiful palace, all of this land, all these servants. We’d be waited on hand and foot! And don’t forget that Jon’s father knows King Henry VIII, very, very well. Our family could rise even higher in society.”
“…Mother!”
“I mean it, Genola. I want you to marry, Sir Jon. You could put up with him getting dirty once in a while, couldn’t you?”
“Not after he’s been slopping the pigs!”
“…Genola!”
“Fine, mother…. After all, this palace has several rooms. We wouldn’t have to be in one together. And, there’s so much land here, I might not ever see him.”
“Now, that’s my girl. He might even go on campaigns like his father does. Look at how long he’s been gone.”
“I can see what you are saying, Mother. Alright! I’ll marry him. That is, if he asks me.”
“He will, my dear. I’ll make sure of that. Now, let’s go eat breakfast.”
As they walk back into the dining room, both mother and daughter are unusually kind to everyone, including the servants.
“James, what is going on?” Jon asks.
“I think it’s what you call in chess, Checkmate.”
“Are you talking about that new game that I see a lot of the royals playing?”
“Yes. Basically, they’re trying to back you into a corner.”
“Oh, no…. I’ll never marry that girl. It’s, Mary that I want as my wife. I don’t care what they have planned. In fact, I would like to see, Mary, tomorrow. Would you help me again?”
“Yes. Jon, one more time, but you have to promise me that you will tell Mary the truth.  You need to tell her that you can’t get married, because you are of noble birth, and she is common.”
“I can’t promise you anything, James. Just help me to be able to see her tomorrow, please?”
“I’ll do what I can, Jon.”
“Thank you, my friend.”



CHAPTER 5


As I walked by the pig pen early the next morning, James ran up to me, “Jon, I just heard from the kitchen staff this morning. Your mother, the Duchess and her daughters are all going shopping today!”
“Are you sure?”
“Positive. Timothy is supposed to get the coach ready. See, I told you that the kitchen staff knew what they were talking about. Do you believe me now, Jon?”
“Yes, James. It’s too good to be true. I can leave as soon as the coach rolls out the gate, and I won’t have to worry about anyone seeing me leave!”
Mother walks over to the stable and asks, “Timothy is the coach ready?”
“Yes, my Lady.”
“Would you please drive it over to the front of the palace? We can’t have our guests walking to the stable now, can we?”
“…No, my Lady.”
Walking back to the palace she requests, “Theresa, would you let the other’s know that the coach is ready? Timothy is bringing it around to the front where I am standing.”
“I sure will, my Lady.” And with a bounce to her step, she delivers her message.
Finally, the coach appears at the front entrance to the palace. Jon’s mother walks up to them, and gestures with her hand in the direction of the coach. “Come, come ladies. Let’s be off for a day of shopping.”
“Yes, my Lady. We’re so excited.”
Running over to open the coach door for all of the women, Jon says, “Duchess, Hortence, Genola, have a great day.”
“Thank you, Sir Jon.”
Genola begins thinking to herself, “He sure seems a lot happier than he has been for the last few days. I wonder what’s going on.”
After Jon’s mother is seated, she asks, “is there anything that you would like me to get for you, Jon?’
“No, thank you, Mother, just have a fun day and take your time. We’ll be fine here.”
“That’s sweet of you my son. See you later.”
Moving toward the coach door, Genola, states, “Mother, I don’t think that I want to go today.”
“Genola, you did this to us the last time that we had a day of shopping planned. Sit down, young lady!”
“You’ve never spoken to me in that manner before, Mother.”
“Yes, well, you’ll be getting this type of treatment a lot more in the future.”
“Timothy, drive on. We’re ready.”
“Good-bye everyone, have a great day,” I said. “See you when you return.” An overwhelming sense of relief overcame me as the coach neared the gate. As soon as the gates began to close, I ran to the stable, “I’m out of here, James. Hurry up. Let’s change clothes. I can’t wait to see, Mary.”
Riding my horse as fast as I could to the field where we would normally meet, I looked all over, but Mary, wasn’t in the field. I went to the stream where we first met, but I couldn’t see her there either. “Where else can I look for her? Where would she be?” I began to panic.
“I don’t even know where she lives or where she works. How am I going to find her?” Sitting on my horse, I continued to stare in all different directions, desperately trying to find, Mary.
Finally the only place left to go was the village. “But how can I go there? That’s where my mother and our guests have gone shopping. What if I run into my mother?” Apprehensive, I went anyway, and cautiously rode through the village.
There are two main streets going north to south and another one that crosses those streets going east to west. I rode slowly through the first main street, looking at every small framed woman, with medium length strawberry blonde hair, to see if it was, Mary. I looked on the cross road and still didn’t see her. Just as I was turning onto the second main street, on the far side corner, I could see two older boys giving a small girl an awful time.
“Quit it, you tub of lard!” she said.
“Nanny, Nanny, little girl,” the first boy said as he put his fingers in his mouth, stretching it to make a strange face. Then he bent over, picked up a handful of mud, throwing it at her dress.
“Don’t get my dress dirty, you gut runner,” Mary yelled. The other boy grabs one of her braids and pulls it. 
Mary screams, “Who do you think you are that you can touch my hair?” Then she grabs a broom that is leaning by the side of one of the village huts.
As I am watching this whole thing, I raised my legs out to the side of my horse, ready to bring them back down as hard as I could, to make my horse gallop. I wanted to help Mary, when suddenly I saw, out of the corner of my eye, my mother’s coach parked kitty-corner across the street. At this very moment, my mother, the Duchess, Hortence and Genola, are coming out of the store.
Mary is still battling the two older boys with a broom. She swings the broom at the boy’s legs and he jumps.
“Oh, the little girl thinks that she is going to hurt us. Come on, little one, give us your all,” says the largest boy, raising his arms waist high, gesturing with his hands and fingers for her to come closer to him, and do the best that she can.
She swings her broom at him again, and finally hits him on his leg.
“Listen, no little girl is going to hit me and get away with it.” He begins to walk toward her.
I could see that Mary was going to be hurt, if I didn’t get to her right away. My mother was still outside the front of the store, but at this very moment I really didn’t care, I just wanted to protect the girl that I loved.
Mary can sense that something awful is going to happen to her if she doesn’t think quickly. She looks up with a weird look on her face and points with her right index finger while saying to the boy closest to her, “Look!”
He looks up, and she hits him with a first-rate whack on the side of his head, with her trusty broom. He falls to the ground. The second ruffian runs to his friend’s aid. When he realizes that his friend is knocked out he starts to run toward Mary.
Mary panics. Her body stiffens, waiting for the immediate impact from the ruffian, when she hears, “Mary, hold your hands up.”
She turns her head to the left, and sees me racing toward her on my horse.
“Matthew!” she cries.
I pulled her up onto my horse, as I kicked the standing ruffian in the face.
Hearing the commotion, the Duchess looks in their direction and says, “What’s happening over there?”
My mother looks over in the same direction and says, “I don’t know, but that looks like one of our horses.”
“Do you let commoners ride your horses?” the Duchess questions.
“No, so I guess it can’t be,” his mother says adamantly.
Genola had seen Jon wearing commoner’s clothes and riding this same horse the day that she had followed him. She knew who it was, but didn’t say anything. This wasn’t the time. A later moment would be more advantageous for her.
Matthew and Mary rode to the edge of the village where the forest began. There they could rest, and talk, where no one would bother them.
“Matthew, where have you been?” she asked concerned. 
“Mary, I’ve been trying to come to see you, but circumstances have been that I couldn’t. I hope that you will understand.”
“All that matters is that we are together now,” as she looks into my eyes and puts her arms around my neck. 
“Why were you in the village alone?”
“I was looking for you. Then I saw these two boys walking by the farmer’s wife’s, kitchen window. Remember when we asked her if we could do some work for her, in exchange for something to eat?”
“Yes. I think about that day quite often.”
“Well, that time she was making custard pies. Today there was a venison pie, cooling in the window. I knew that they were going to steal it, so I yelled at them, and they stopped. When they saw how small I was, they decided to have some fun with me. But, I sure got them, didn’t I?” Mary said beaming.
“I can tell you, Mary, I’d never want to tangle with you,” and we began to laugh remembering the look on the ruffians face as he was falling to the ground.”
“He looked so shocked, Matthew, when you galloped in, picked me up, and kicked him in the face.”
“Mary, promise me that you will never go to the village alone again.”
“I promise you, Matthew. I’ll never go to the village alone again.” She changes the subject, “Look, Matthew, I have the necklace around my neck. My beautiful Red Rose Ring on your chain. Do you remember our pledge to each other?”
“Yes, Mary, I will always remember. I love you so much,” touching her cheek with my hand. She felt so soft.
“I love you too, Matthew.” While she puts her arms around my neck, I held Mary around her waist. The intense feeling of our love was swirling around us like a whirlwind encircling us, with all the rapture we could muster. It seemed like we were standing in the middle of time and all that mattered was our love for each other. We could neither see, nor feel, anything else.
“I wish we could be together like this forever, Mary.”
“Hopefully, we’ll be able to someday, Matthew, because I want to feel like this always!”
“I love you, Mary.”
“I love you too, Matthew.”
Suddenly, Mary experiences a sharp twinge in her right side, and bends over in pain.
“What’s the matter, Mary?”
“One of those bullies pushed me up against the corner of a house, and I could feel the pain then. But when I saw you I didn’t feel it any more…well, until now. Do you think that you could take me home? I mean, to the place where I stay?”
“Is it far from here?”
“Not too far,” Mary says with a painful look on her face. Matthew carefully helps Mary up onto his horse.
“Aaa, ooo,” she moans in pain. “Are you alright, Mary?”
“I will be, my love. I just need to rest for a little while. Then I think that everything will be fine.”
“I’ll try to walk my horse slowly so that his movement won’t jar your side.”
“Thank you, Matthew.”
At last, we arrive at the home where Mary lives. By this time the Sun is very low in the sky, and all of the candles in the house have been lit. As we round the corner of the road, we can see the candles flickering through the windows of the house. Mary says, “Matthew, will you let me off here? I’m fine.”
“Are you sure, Mary?”
“I’m sure. Just help me down from the horse, please?” she says with a half smile, trying to mask the pain.
Mary slides down from the horse, with my help. She stands for a moment to take a breath and to get her balance.
“Mary, you’re still not feeling very well. Let me walk you up to the door.”
“That would be fine, Matthew.” The moment that she accepts my offer, she looks at her house, and sees a familiar coach parked in front.
“Actually, Matthew, I think that I can walk the rest of the way by myself.”
“But, we’ve only gone a few steps.”
“I know, but I’m feeling better now. Please let me walk in by myself.”
She begins to walk away, but I grabbed her arm. “Mary, before you leave, I want you to look up to the sky. If we ever get parted, and don’t know where the other one is, let’s look up to the sky at the first star that we see, and make a wish that we will find each other, and never be parted again.”
“I like that idea, Matthew.” She looks up at the stars and then back at me.
Mary puts the palm of her right hand up to her heart, moves it up to her lips, and then laying her palm out, facing upward, she blows into her hand. “Through my breath, I send you my love, Matthew.” Sadly and reluctantly she begins to walk toward the house.
Walking slower and slower the closer she gets to the front door, she says to herself, “My uncle’s coach. Wouldn’t you know that this would be the night that I would come home late I’m going to be in big trouble,” she says quietly to herself.
“Be careful, Mary,” I quietly said to myself, hoping that somehow she would hear me. My heart is breaking because I agreed to let her walk to the house alone, while she is feeling so poorly. I wanted to be with her to help her, but I made a promise and would stand by my word. My one point of solace is that I never said that I wouldn’t wait until she got into the house to make sure that she was all right. So, I continued to watch until she was safely inside the house.
By the time I arrived back at the palace it was dark and later than I had ever returned home after seeing Mary. I came through the South Gate, and took my horse to the stable.
James asks, “Where have you been? Ever since your mother came back from shopping, she has been asking for you.”
“Mary got hurt and I had to see her home.”
“Is she alright?”
“I think so. What are all of these horses doing here?”
James speaks up, “Your father is home, Jon. Genola told him everything. He’s already spoken to me and Timothy.”
I looked at James with an anxious look. Leaving my horse at the stable, I slowly made my way toward the palace.
“My father, I didn’t realize that he was coming home today. I’ve lost all track of time while trying to figure out ways to out maneuver, Genola, so that I could be with, Mary. Hopefully, he will be in a good mood and laugh at my late arrival home.”
As I walked in the door, my father said, “Where have you been, Jon? Apparently no one knows where you have been except, Genola. Now, tell me why a visitor would know more about what you are doing than your own mother?”
“I don’t know, Sir,” I answered.
“Go to your room. We’ll talk in the morning.” Throughout the night, I could hear my mother and father arguing. Early the next morning, my father came to my room to wake me, putting a guard uniform on the end of my bed he said, “Gather your things. You are going on campaign with me.”
I looked at my father, and began to gather my things. I knew better than to argue with him. “I’m going on campaign with him? That means that I will be gone for a long time. What about, Mary? How will I let her know what is happening?”
Carrying my belongings and walking toward father, I said, “I am here. Where do you want me?”
“I have placed your horse right over there. If you will mount it, we will be on our way.”
As I looked around, I saw James and Timothy, also dressed as guards, sitting on their horses. Looking in their direction, I quietly mouthed, “I’m sorry.” They each answered with a nod of their head, meaning, “It’s alright”
As I mounted my horse, I looked back at the palace and saw my mother in the door way. She looked like she has been crying all night. I waved to her, just as my father yelled, “Open the gates!”
I remembered hearing my father yell those very same words, when I was a little boy watching him leave, but this time, as I watched the gates open, I was with the regiment and my father. I rode with my head down. What would Mary think? How would I get word to her, to let her know that I was going on campaign? Did anything happen to her for coming home so late last night, would her master be angry?
“I couldn’t make the horse move any faster, so that we could get there any sooner. She was in too much pain,” I said to myself. And what about that pain, was she feeling any better today?
My heart had never hurt as badly as it hurt at this moment. All I wanted was to be with Mary. She was the only one that had brought real happiness into my life. It was only with her that I laughed. It was only with her that I felt complete. I could be who I truly wanted to be, only with Mary.
Finally, I lifted my head. I wondered how far we would travel. Where had my father had been assigned to? Looking at the country side, I suddenly realized that I was near the village where I had saved Mary from the ruffians. I looked to my right, and there in the distance was the field that we would always meet in. A little while later, I looked to my left, and I saw the home that I took her to just last night. All I wanted to do was to break rank and gallop to see my true love. The guards next to me seemed to read my mind.
“If you break rank, you will dishonor your father. Why do you think that he brought James and Timothy, with us? They are the ones that will be punished as you watch.”
I didn’t care for my own life, but I didn’t want to bring any more anguish to my friends. I looked at the house for as long as I could, as I rode with the regiment. In a short while I crossed the stream where Mary and I had first met. A few moments later, everything that I held dear to my heart, was no longer in my sight. No longer close enough to visit; soon to become only a figment of my imagination.
“My, Mary, how will I remember what you look like, and will you remember me? Will you ever think of me? Will you wonder where I am? If you come looking for me, how will you ever find me? You don’t even know my real name?” My head hung even lower trying to hide the tears that were coming to my eyes.
My father shouted, “It’s time to make camp, men,” I had never traveled this far from home before. Dismounting my horse, I put my blanket down on the ground, close to James and Timothy. Suddenly, I saw the light from the first star, and memories of Mary came flooding back to my mind.
“My wish is that sometime, somewhere we will see each other again.” Smiles and tears took their turn appearing on my face, as pictures appeared, and faded in my mind. Days turn into months. Months turn into years. And it always seemed that when one campaign was over, the king would then send us on another, further and further away from home.
I began to wonder if I would ever be able to return home. “James, do you ever think of our home?”
“I do, Jon. Timothy and I were just talking about that yesterday. We’ve been gone for years now, I wonder if anything has changed?”
“Many things have probably changed. I have always wondered about, Mary. Do you suppose that she thinks about me?”
“I imagine, Jon, that every time she looks at that ring that you gave her, she can’t help but wonder where you are, and what you are doing.”
“I hope that you’re right, James.”

* * *

“Evan, what is a campaign?” Julia asks.
“It’s a battle or a crusade. You see, at this time England was in a great religious upheaval because King Henry, Henry the VIII, had created the Church of England so that he could divorce his current wife. England had been predominantly of the Catholic faith, and most of his subjects didn’t want to change their religious faith.”
“Were, Jon and Mary, both of the same faith?” she questioned.
“Yes. They were both Catholic,” Evan responded.
“If they were both Catholic, and they both lived in the same area, why wouldn’t Jon’s parents let them become engaged, or betrothed, as they called it?”
“Julia, during that time there was a strict code that people of noble birth could only marry others who were born into a noble family. Commoners could only marry commoners and their dress had to reflect the station they held in life. Jon, was from noble blood, and for all he knew, Mary, was a commoner.”
“Jon’s father needed him to carry on the family name through a noble blood line so that they could keep their social status. To do this, he would have to have, Jon, marry someone of noble blood.”
“I guess in many ways, in different places in the world, we’re not too far away from that type of mentality, even today.”
“No, we aren’t, Julia. Say, the Sun is up. Are you ready to leave this safe house?”
“I’m all packed. Let’s get out of here.”
“I’ll put all of the baggage in the trunk of the car and then we’ll drive to a new safe house.” Traveling for an hour, Evan, suddenly drives into a car rental place.
“What are you doing, Evan?”
“I’m thinking that this car might have a tracking device on it.”
“So, you think that we are being tracked?”
“We might be. If it is an inside job, then they would put a tracking device on the car for sure. And, yes, Julia, I can see it in your face. I’ll make sure that the car that we rent doesn’t have any type of tracking system on it, like On Star, so that we can’t be tracked with that either,” Evan reassured her.
“You’re getting to know me pretty well, aren’t you?” Julia says with a smile.
“I should know you pretty well by now, since we have been partners on the police force for the last two years,” Evan brags. “Ok, now give me your luggage and I will put it into the rented car, which I have paid for with cash Julia. I knew that you’d ask me that question, so I thought that I would answer it before you asked it,” he said, looking at her with a smile.
“Now, you drive the car that we drove here to a local grocery parking lot. We’ll park it there so that it won’t be noticed. Then, we’ll both drive in the rental car and head north for awhile.”
Later, Evan begins to drive east. “So what’s our plan, Evan?”
“I don’t have one just yet. We’re driving around so that we won’t be followed, since we don’t know who we can trust.”
“Are we going to develop a plan?”
“Actually, Julia, I’ve been thinking. Whoever is looking for us, will be looking for both of us together.
“We’re going to go to a local convenience store and pick up something to eat. While I’m getting some hot dogs and chips, you go into the rest room and put on several layers of clothing. When you have put on as many as you can handle, bring your luggage back out. We’ll go out, put the luggage in the trunk of this car, and eat our delicious lunch. Then we’ll call for a taxi.”
“You wait over there,” pointing to the shade of a tree, “and I’ll stay with the car. We can’t be seen together when the taxi arrives. But, don’t worry. I’ll watch you until then. Ask the driver to take you a few miles to the next town and pick a specific restaurant for the driver to drop you off at. Get out go into their restroom take off a layer of clothes, thus changing the look of your outfit. Fix your hair differently and then call a different taxi company. Request them to take you another few miles.”
“Keep doing this until you get to the Beach House. What do you think of that plan?”
“It sounds like it should work, Evan. Let’s try it.”
“First let’s get a map, and figure out the mileage.”
Evan goes into a local convenience store and buys a map. Together they decide how far each taxi will take Julia. “Evan, I think that I’d like to ride in a bus for a while. That way the taxi companies won’t be able to trace the direction I’m going.”
“Good idea, Julia.”
“We’ll keep in touch by using phone cards and calling, Daniel, to relay messages, using our special code.”
“Who is, Daniel?”
“He’s a very good friend of mine. He lives at the Beach House. Well, actually he owns it.”
Evan adds, “It’s a good thing that we have all of this training, isn’t it, Julia?”
“It makes it a lot easier, knowing what to watch out for.”
“Here’s the first taxi, Evan I had better get over to the tree. See you soon.”
“See you, Julia. Take care.”
Following their plan, Julia finally arrives at the Beach House a day later. Daniel greets her and welcomes her into his house. Daniel is 5’11,” well built with strong arms, and a captivating smile. His manner is engaging, yet calming, and very comforting to be around. As the sun sets, Daniel makes a fire in the fire pit on his back deck.
Julia remarks, “I love the sound of waves as they ebb and flow. Next to that, I love the sound of warm crackling wood in a fire pit. This is paradise, Daniel, just sitting here watching the sun go down.”
Everything is almost perfect, except that Evan hasn’t arrived yet, and it has been several hours since Julia has heard from him.
Worrying about Evan, she excuses herself and goes to her room. To get her mind off of Evan, Julia decides to continue reading Jon’s notebook.

* * *

Years have quickly gone by. I have grown into a good looking, adult. I am now six feet tall, and with all my training in the tactics of war, I have developed a very strong muscular frame. My skills in battle have become legendary. And since good fortune has followed me, my good friends, James and Timothy, are still with me.
While camped for the evening I asked, “Father, who is that rider coming into camp?”
“He’s a special envoy for the King.”
“The King, you mean, King Henry?”
“Yes. Usually when he sends this envoy, he wants me to see him personally.”
“Do you mean that the envoy wants to see you personally, or the King wants to see you personally?”
“Come with me and see, Jon.”
“Hello. Do you have a message for me?”
“Yes. The King would like to invite you to Oatlands Palace for a private conference. Please bring ten of your soldiers with you including young Jon.”
“When does he want us to be there?”
“As soon as possible….”
“We’ll leave tomorrow then.”
When we arrived at the palace, Father and I are directed into a private parlor. The King walks into the parlor and asks if both we would like to take a walk in his beautiful gardens. He says, “There are always people listening to what I have to say in the Palace. What I have to tell you is confidential.”
When we reached the gardens, the King begins, “Gentlemen, my current queen has been accused of treason. It is said that she was betrothed to another man before she married me. According to our Law, this is treason, since she didn’t tell me before we were married. She says it isn’t true.”
“She told me that when she was nine years old, there was a boy that she loved. But, it has been many years since she has seen him. My queen said that since she has been an adult she has never been betrothed, and I believe her. The problem is that there are laws that state, that since she has been accused of treason against her king, she has to go to trial to be proved either guilty, or not guilty.”
My father asks, “What would you have my son and I do for you, your Majesty?”
“I want you to protect my queen. She’s young and naive and needs protection, until the court has its ruling. I’m sure that she is telling me the truth, and I personally feel that she will be found not guilty. When that happens, bring her to me. I’ll be here at Oatlands Palace, the Palace where we were married.”
“Yes your Majesty,” my father respectfully answers. 
“Your Majesty, may I make a request?” I asked.
“What would you like, young Jon?” the King asks.
“I would like my friends, James and Timothy, to always be by my side. They have served England for many years, and can be trusted.”
“Yes, your friends will always be with you, along with the other eight trusted guards that you have brought with you. Your request is granted.”
As the King walked back to the palace, I stayed with my father in the garden. “You’ve known the King for a long time, haven’t you?”
“Yes, my son. I knew him before you were born, when he was very young.”
“What was he like when he was younger?”
“He was always very kind and generous.”
“He’s a lot taller than I thought that he would be. He’s at least two inches taller than I am. So that would make him at least six feet two inches tall. Has his belly always been that large?”
“Jon, you need to be respectful when you are talking about your King.”
“I know, Father, I don’t mean any disrespect. I would just like to know what he was like, when he was younger.”
“Henry was a handsome, athletic young man, who excelled in every sport imaginable. He was a musician, a writer and enjoyed the company of intellectuals. All of England loved him as their King, until he was about Forty Four years old, when he was injured in a jousting tournament. Shortly thereafter, his personality seemed to change.”
“What happened to him?”
“On January 24, 1536, there was a Jousting Tournament at Greenwich Palace. Henry and his horse were both in full armor. During this contest, Henry, was thrown from his horse, which then fell on top of him. He was unconscious for two hours. During that time, rumors flew throughout England, that he had been fatally injured.”
“When he finally woke up, he wasn’t the same man he had been before. Where he had been sporty and generous, he became cruel, vicious and paranoid.”
“Because of the accident, his jousting career was ended. The leg injuries that he received in the accident, have plagued him ever since. As you saw him walking back and forth to the garden, he has a very hard time walking.”
“I thought that he had a hard time walking just because of his weight,” I commented.
“I can’t believe that his weight helps his legs at all. But his weight wasn’t the first thing that caused the pain that he now endures.”
“Remember, my son, that at this time he was married to, Anne Boleyn, and they had been very happy for a long time. After the jousting accident, everything changed. Do you remember what happened to her?”
“Yes, she was beheaded.”
“Well, Katherine Howard, his present queen, is a first cousin to, Anne Boleyn. Mark my words, it doesn’t matter what feelings the King has for Katherine. The same thing will happen to her. Remember one thing though, my son. We are not here to get involved in their personal affairs. We are here to do the King’s bidding.”
“Yes, father. I will get James, Timothy, and the other guards ready so that we can all ride to guard Queen Katherine, as we have been asked by our King.”
“Thank you, my son. I will be with all of you shortly.”

* * *

In the stillness of her room, Julia begins talking to herself. “I’ve been reading for so long that my stomach is growling, maybe I should go down stairs and get something to eat.”
As soon as she walks into the kitchen, she sees Daniel. “Hello, Daniel. How is everything going for you?”
“Everything is great, Julia. How is your reading coming along?”
“It’s wonderful. But I need to ask you a question.”
“Ok.”
“Daniel, do you know anything about, King Henry VIII?”
“Yes, what would you like to know?”
“I always hear Tudor Dynasty attached to, King Henry VIII. What is a Tudor Dynasty?”
“Dynasty means that the rulers of a country usually are from generations of the same family. For instance, father to son, father to son, etc. As for Tudor, that was Henry’s last name. So it is called the Tudor Dynasty
“His last name was Tudor?”
“Yes. And when Henry’s father, Henry VII, died, he passed the responsibility of King of England on to his son, Henry VIII.”
“Remember Julia that King Henry, is at least thirty years older than, Katherine. From the moment he met her, he began to feel alive again. A love for life, and an excitement to live his life once again, returned. He felt that he had lost everything after the death of his third wife, Jane Seymour.”
“What attracted Henry to Katherine was her enthusiasm, vivaciousness, her kindness, and her zest for life. She was always running, dancing or laughing. He loved her energy, her beautiful smile, and infectious laugh. Memories of his lost youth plagued him. He was bored with his mundane life, and longed to return to his adventurous past. Because of this longing, Henry was mesmerized every moment he watched Katherine, returning to his youth through her.”
“As his age advanced, his progressively extreme sedentary life-style and voracious eating habits provided him with a rotund belly bringing his weight to around 21 stone (which is about 136 kilograms or 300 pounds).”
“Thank you, Daniel. It all makes sense now.”

* * *

After our talk with the King in the palace garden, I found the rest of the guards. “James, I need to talk to you,” I requested.
“Timothy, you and the other guards, please get everything ready, so that we can ride out to do our King’s bidding.”
“We’ll be ready shortly, Jon,” Timothy answered, as he walked toward the palace stables.
“James, did you know that the present Queen is a first cousin to Anne Boleyn?”
“Oh, yes, Jon. They’re both from the Howard family.”
“I didn’t know that. Anyway, do you remember, Mary?”
“How can I forget her, you’ve only talked about her every day since we left home.”
“…Every day?”
“Yes. You talk about her every day.”
“Well, she’s on my mind all the time. I can’t forget her. And bringing up, Anne Boleyn’s name, you see it’s just when that whole thing happened with the King and his wife. Anyway, it reminded me of when, Mary, and I played like we were the King and Queen, and she wanted to pretend that I, as the King wanted to have her beheaded. I couldn’t behead my beloved Mary, so I told her that rather than being the King that I would be the Knight that would save her.”
“Did you save her, Jon?”
“Yes, as Matthew I did. I saved her, James. And now we have been assigned the task of protecting our present Queen.”
“Well, let’s go protect her, Jon.”
“As soon as my father joins us, we will leave.”

* * *

Back in her room Julia recollects, “King Henry VIII, I remember more now about what I read about him in college,” Julia says to herself. “I remember reading about his jousting accident. I can only imagine what having a horse, in full armor, falling on you could do. I also remember reading a report written by a doctor, just a few years ago, who was a specialist in brain injuries. He had become interested in Henry the VIII, wondering if his change in personality had been caused by this accident. What he found was that damage to the frontal lobe of the brain, which he felt had happened to King Henry, could result in a personality change, turning him into the tyrannical monster that history has portrayed him as being.”

* * *

King Henry’s trusted advisors were in a position to take advantage of his jealousy, to secretly promote their own agenda. To do this, they went to where Henry and Katherine were staying at that time, to Hampton Court. They told Henry what they had learned of Katherine’s life before she came to the Palace. Because he trusted these men, he became very angry when he heard what they had to say.
Katherine was in the middle of a dancing lesson, when the guards came to get her. She was taken into a separate room where Henry’s close friend, and Archbishop of Canterbury, talked face to face with Katherine. Ultimately, he was trying to save her life by asking her to admit to the accusations that were against her. But Katherine knew that she had done nothing to be guilty of. She would not admit to something, a rumor no less, that she had not done. She would not dishonor her family, herself or her King in that way.

* * *

“Hampton Court wasn’t a court of law. It was, as I remember, one of Henry’s palaces in Surrey, England,” Julia said to herself.

* * *

“I have never been unfaithful to my King.” Katherine continually said. “I will admit, however, that my behavior prior to my marriage to, King Henry, was unbecoming that of a lady of my rank.”
Adding to her admission, Mary Hall who had been a chambermaid to Katherine’s grandmother, the Dowager Duchess, had witnessed what she felt were sexual liaisons by Katherine, while she stayed at her grandmothers residence. After hearing the accusations against Katherine, Henry said, “I have heard enough. Take her into custody, and keep her away from me.”
This unexpected circumstance was devastating to Katherine. With her marriage to Henry, she finally felt that she had someone that would be with her, helping and protecting her. At long last, she would never again be alone, as she had been most of her life.
When the guards came to get her, Katherine realized that unless she could get to Henry and talk to him, she would once again be on her own. Breaking away from the guards, she runs down the hall to the chapel, where Henry is hearing Mass.
Pounding on the door, Katherine cries, “Henry, open the door. I must talk to you. You must hear what I have to say. Please, Henry. Please. I have done nothing wrong. Believe me Henry. Please, believe me! Don’t leave me, Henry. Please, don’t leave me alone!”
Catching up to her, the guards drag her back to her room as she continues to frantically call Henry’s name.
For several hours, as the guards stand outside her door, they can hear her crying hysterically. The early morning hours bring silence, as Katherine falls asleep, exhausted from the emotional trauma she has endured.

* * *

“That poor girl, first her mother dies leaving her alone. Then her father leaves her alone because he has to travel with his work. She was always left alone with no one to protect her. Then she married the King, finally letting her guard down, trusting that at last, she would never be alone again,” Julia sadly thinks.

* * *

Later, as Henry’s anger subsides, he remembers the love that he has for Katherine. “Why have I not learned to control my anger? My lovely Katherine, how could I have done this to her? Yet, as the King, I now have to set the example for my people. I must put my trust in the law of the land, hoping that she will be found innocent, and returned to me as a rightful Queen, vindicated in the eyes of my people.”
Envisioning her return, he says to himself, “When she returns to me, we will renew our wedding vows.”
After the King has entered the palace, and before we have left Oatlands Palace, the King remembers something else, and finds us in the stable, getting ready for our journey to safeguard the Queen.
“My good friend, Jon, I would like to ask you for another favor.”
“What do you need, my King?”
“While you are taking care of everything else in the process of shielding my Queen, I would like to have your son, young Jon, to personally be with the Queen at all times.”
 He ignores the footsteps that he hears rushing up behind him, and continues his request. “I want no harm to come to her. Remember, when she is found to be innocent, I want her brought back here to me.”
“Yes, my King.”
Because the message is urgent the messenger interrupts their conversation.
“My King, My King, I’m sorry! I was told to get this to you as soon as possible.”
As King Henry reads the message, he slumps into a nearby chair.
“She has signed a confession,” he says in a tone that shows fear and confusion.
“Who has?”
“Katherine.... My Katherine...... She has signed a confession!”



CHAPTER 6


“Do you still need our help, my King?” my father asks.
“Yes, even more at this time. Why would she sign a confession?” Quietly thinking for a few minutes, the King laments. “Oh, why did I leave her alone? She can’t read. She can barely write her own name. They’re going to take my Katherine from me.”
“Who is going to take her, my King?”
“The advisors that I have put in power; I created this mess when I separated from the Catholic Church, and created the Church of England. I split my country in half, and the fight for control is still going on.”
On her own, naive of the power, and secret agenda of the King’s advisors, Katherine had put her signature to paper, not fully realizing the impact that it would have on her life.
The document stated that she had been promised to another man, as a young teenager, while she was in the care of her step grandmother, the Dowager Duchess. It also accused Katherine of committing adultery, after she had married the King, with Sir Thomas Culpepper, who had a position in the King’s privy chamber.
“How could anyone believe all of these lies? I have never done any of the things that they are accusing me of,” Katherine yells out of frustration. “I have been accused of TREASON? They told me if I signed the paper that I would go free, that I would be vindicated. That the King would take me back, and the people of England would accept me once again.”
“Trusting my husband’s advisors, I signed the document, feeling that they would have my best interests at heart; that they were trying to help me. But, now I can see that it was a trap! No one has been more faithful to the King than I have; NO ONE!”
Katherine was stripped of her title as Queen, along with all her royal jewelry and clothing. On the next day, November 14, 1541 she was taken to Sion Abbey in Middlesex, England.
She would be held at the Abbey until the charges against her would either be dismissed, and she would be taken back to the King at Oatlands Palace to become his rightful Queen once again, or she would be taken to Tower Green to pay for her crimes against the King.
After receiving our final instructions from the King, we rode to Sion Abbey in Middlesex, England to guard Katherine.
During the months, that she is at the Abbey, Katherine would take short walks in the beautiful courtyard garden, with her Lady in Waiting, and her Gentlewomen.
“Look at that beautiful hawk flying above us. Isn’t it graceful?” Katherine says, admiring its freedom. “It is, my Lady.”
“The hawks that King Henry has are so beautiful. He loves to hunt with them. There is a hallway between our two bedrooms, where he keeps his beloved hawks, did you know that?”
“No, my lady, I didn’t know that.”
Katherine continued, “His love of hunting and the animals that the hawks would catch, gave him great joy. It’s my personal thought that he wished that he could fly like they did. Their beauty and grace was something that he always admired.”
Her Lady in Waiting added, “He knew how to do everything else. He knew how to sing. He knew how to play several musical instruments, and he was an expert horseman and archer. I remember how he use to win all of his jousting tournaments, until his accident. And his tennis and bowling skills always won him lots of money. And you’re saying today that you think that he also wished he could fly?”
“Yes. One day, when we were first married, Henry asked me if I would like to watch him take his hawks out for some flying time.”
“Of course, I said yes. After we were out for a few hours, he said, ‘Look at how graceful their wing spread is. Watch them move up and down using the wind currents. Wouldn’t it be wonderful to be able to fly like that?’ Looking in his eyes, I could see a glint of wishful, almost melancholy thinking, hoping for true personal freedom. That’s what his hawks represented to him.”
“I never knew that, my Lady. Why would a King want freedom, especially King Henry, he’s the most powerful King in the world.”
“There are many things that most people don’t know about King Henry...” a beautiful Red Rose caught her eye. “Oh, look over here in the Rose Garden. My favorite color rose.”
I had just arrived and walked through the Abbey to the Rose Garden where my first sight of Katherine caught her holding a beautiful Red Rose up to her nose, smelling its fragrance. She is wearing a stunningly simple red dress, which is the same color as the rose that she is holding.
Walking over to a small group of ladies, she says, “My ladies, this is the color that will bring me the courage that I need at this time. Please make sure that I have fresh Red Roses in my room everyday that we are here.”
“Yes, my Queen. We’ll do that for you. But don’t worry. You will be found innocent, and everything will turn out. You will be back with him soon.”
“That’s my hope. But if the worst happens, would you please do as I have asked?”
“Yes, my Queen.”
“You don’t have to call me “Queen” any more, since that title has been taken from me.”
“You will always be our Queen.”
“Thank you, my Gentlewomen. I have always been grateful for everything you do for me. Thank you all so much,” Katherine says with gratitude.
Looking over toward Jon, Katherine asks, “Who is that soldier over there?”
“We were told that he is here to guard you.”
“Guard me? Guard me from what? I’m here at the Abbey. What harm could befall me?”
“We agree, Queen Katherine, but they have to do as they are ordered.”
“Are you saying that Henry ordered him to be here?”
“Yes, my Queen, and the others that came with him.”
“…Others?”
“Yes. They’re surrounding the Abbey.”
“Well then, maybe I should get out of this dress, since I was supposed to have all of my royal clothes taken from me. My ladies, would you please help me change my dress? I wish I could wear it always, but if others see me wearing it, they will remember it as part of my royal wardrobe and take it from me.”
“I would die if I were separated from this dress, because it wraps me in courage, and reminds me that there are better days that will come. Sadly, will you help me change back into the black dress that I am supposed to be wearing?”
“Yes, my Queen, and by that time dinner will be ready.”
“Thank you, my Gentlewomen.”
Throughout the months that I watched her every move I observed that Katherine always treated her servants, and any other person that she was around, with kindness and respect; I began to wonder how the King could allow this Queen, a compassionate and empathetic Queen, to be imprisoned.
“I understand the charges brought against this Queen. But from what I have seen, there must be something else that I don’t know. These charges don’t fit the Queen that I have come to know,” I thought to myself.
I kept my distance from the Queen and my feelings to myself. Yet, some evenings I would see the Queen looking at the stars from her bedroom window. And every evening just before she left the window, she would put her right palm up to her heart, up to her lips and then extending it in a flat position blowing her love to the stars.
“How odd, she does the same thing that Mary did to me the last day I saw her.” Each time I saw her go through these motions it would remind me of Mary, bringing comfort to my heart.
In January of 1542, the Queen’s case was brought before parliament, and she was found guilty of treason.
On February 10, 1542, I was ordered to take Katherine to The Tower of London. “My lady I am here to take you to the Tower,” I announced.
“I am still married to the King. I am not guilty of anything. I don’t care what Parliament has decreed.”
“I’m sorry my Lady, but we must leave on the tide.”
“I won’t go,” Katherine insisted.
“My lady, I have my orders, and they say that I must get you on the barge. Would you like to go by yourself, or do you need my help?”
Katherine had been looking out her window. She finally turns around and looks into my eyes. “All of these months I have seen you, Sir, but you have never been close enough to find out your name. What is your name, Sir?”
“Jon.”
“Jon, if you will give me a couple of minutes to gather my things, I will walk to the barge on my own power.”
I nodded my head, as if to say that would be fine.
Katherine walked over to her bed and reached under the mattress. She pulled out something small enough that it could fit in the palm of her hand. Bringing the palm of her hand up to her mouth, she kisses the contents. And for that small moment, she is completely lost in memories from the past.
Finally, looking up she said, “I’m ready to go.”
Looking over at her Gentlewomen, she requests, “Someone please get my cloak for me, and bring my bags.”
“Yes, my Queen.”
Giving their Queen honor, the Gentlewomen exited their apartment first, with Katherine and Jon bringing up the rear. As soon as Jon’s father saw the sad procession, he took the lead. James and Timothy walked to the opposite sides of the Gentlewomen. Jon continued to walk next to Katherine. In this way, all of the women were encircled by the King’s guards. The other trusted guards distributed themselves, filling in any areas not covered by the other guards.
Walking along the beach to Isleworth Landing, Katherine could see the three barges that were waiting, with their oars men, to take her to the Tower.
“Ah, two large barges with five oarsmen on each side, and one smaller one with three oarsmen on each side, is the smaller barge for me, Jon in case I have plans to escape?”
“I don’t know my Queen. My father has made all of the arrangements for your travel.”
Arriving at the barges, father commands, “Jon, I’ll take the front larger barge with the nobles and half of the guards. You take the smaller middle barge with the Queen, and two of her Gentlewomen. James, and Timothy, you bring everyone else with you in the last large barge.”
“Yes, Sir….”
As Katherine walks toward her barge, she looks up and down the shore of the River Thames. The wind begins to blow and she turns her face in the direction it is blowing from. Feeling the wind on her face, she takes in a breath of air.
“Ah, fresh air; Beautiful, sweet smelling, fresh air, one takes it for granted until it is taken away from them,” she longingly says.
Pulling the hood of her cloak up and over her head, Katherine walks directly to her assigned barge and holds out her hand for me to help her.
“Please help me, Sir.”
I held her small hand, and bowed my head out of respect for my Queen, as she boarded the barge.
It was the first time that I had come into physical contact with her. I noticed how soft and small her hands were. I also felt an unforgettable feeling of electricity running from my arm to my heart, which had been etched into my mind, a familiar feeling of connection.
Quietly thinking to myself, “It has been several years since I have felt anything like this feeling. Isn’t it strange that the first time I touch the hand of my Queen, that the feeling I felt, reminded me of Mary? When am I ever going to be released so that I can go home? What if she has found someone else? It’s been so many years, and we’ve both changed so much. I don’t even know if I would recognize her if I saw her. But I could always go to her home. Mary, my Mary! I can’t wait until I return home.”
The weather was considerably cool, on that specific day. The barges rocked from side to side, amid the movement of the waves, as the oarsmen rowed the barges down the River Thames, on their way to the Tower of London.
It was a solemn looking, quiet procession. But Katherine was peaceful as she sat on the barge, holding the article that she had retrieved from under her mattress.
Looking at her, I began to feel a sense of pity, “I don’t know what she has in her hands, but if it brings her comfort, then I’ll let her keep it.”
As I continued looking at her, I remembered that she was somewhere between the age of nineteen to twenty-one. She had been Queen of England for a little over a year, and here she was being taken to the Tower of London, possibly to be executed.
Looking at the shore line, I finally began to feel the rock of the boat, and the crisp cold wind blowing on my face and through my hair. Looking back at my Queen, I could see that she was resigned to what lay ahead of her, as she quietly sat in her place on the barge, wearing a plain black velvet dress with a black cloak and a black hood.
I began to wonder to myself, “What did you look like in your royal clothes, full of color and covered with pearls and other jewels? I wish I could have met you in happier times.”
Nearing the outside of the Tower of London, the front barge slows a little, allowing the last barge to catch up to them, changing positions with the middle barge so that the first and last barges would be sailing through Traitors Gate first. Katherine’s barge would be last to sail through Traitors Gate, because she had the highest noble rank, and this was a sign of respect.
Once inside the Tower of London, Katherine is escorted to the Queen’s apartments. As the apartment door is opened by one of Queen Katherine’s Gentlewomen, she accidentally startles several doves, causing them to frantically fly all around the room.
The quick movement of the flying doves has caused many feathers from the rafters to fall toward the floor. Feathers were flying everywhere, and several fell down onto her head and into the Gentlewoman’s mouth.
“Apparently, we have startled the doves as much as they have startled us. It’s all right, my Ladies, let’s proceed,” Katherine suggests.
The Gentlewoman turns around facing Katherine and begins spitting out feathers. Suddenly, everyone hears Queen Katherine laughing. A look of shock reflected in all of the Gentlewomen’s faces as they wondered how, their Queen, under these circumstances, could actually laugh at anything.
“I’m sorry for laughing,” she said. “I’m not laughing at you. You just reminded me of something that happened to me when I was a young girl,” she said with a huge smile. She took a breath, quickly regaining her composure and everyone continued into the apartment.
I asked, “Do you need any help, my Queen?”
“No, thank you. I would just like a little privacy,” she says quietly.
“I’m sorry. My orders are that I am to stay with you at all times,” I stated adamantly.
“Stay if you must. But would you at least turn around so that I can change my clothes?”
I turned around. Katherine’s Gentlewomen helped her change her clothes, and put her things away.
“What is that in the palm of your hand, my Lady?” one of her Gentlewomen asks.
“Sit down everyone,” Katherine requests. “I want to tell you all a story.”
As they sit down, Katherine begins, “When I was a little girl, around the age of nine, my mother died. My father was gone most of the time, and our servants had so much work that they didn’t care what I did. At the same time, I could never go anywhere when I wore my royal clothes. So I began to secretly dress in clothes that the servant’s children wore, so that I could get away and wouldn’t be noticed.”
“I would run through the field close to our home. I would sit on a log by the stream, and put my feet in the water, feeling the current run between my toes. I always loved that feeling. It made me feel free.”
“One day a paper boat sailed by my feet. It was the finest boat that I had ever seen made out of paper.”
This turn of events caught my attention and I began listening to Katherine’s story intensely. As she spoke, the story seemed strangely familiar. But it had been so long and I was not willing to believe my feelings.
“I wanted to find the owner of this boat, so I ran up stream, as a boy wearing commoner’s clothes was running down stream. I asked him if the boat was his and he said it was. He looked like he was around twelve years old.”
“Because we were close in age, and seemed to have a lot in common, we saw each other several days during that summer.”
“One day we had been playing all different kinds of running games all morning long and we were very hungry. We smelled this wonderful aroma coming from a nearby cottage. My friend suggested that we go and ask if we could do any work for something to eat. So we ran over to the farmer’s wife and asked her. She told us that she needed help taking the slop to the pigs, a cord of wood chopped and a dozen eggs gathered. The boy that I was with took the slop to the pigs and then went to chop some wood. I ended up trying to get eggs from some chickens.”
“Can you imagine me in a chicken coop?” she asked her Gentlewomen.
“No, my Queen, I can’t.”
“Me either.”
“So did you get feathers all over you, like I did just a minute ago?”
“I’m coming to that,” Queen Katherine said with a smile. 
“I walked into the hen house and stepped on something on the floor. ‘Oooo, what is that smell?’ I said to myself. Then I tried to cajole the hens by talking to them. ‘Come here little ones I need some eggs.’ As I approached them, they wouldn’t let me take their eggs. So I put out my hands and waved at them saying ‘Shoo. Shoo. Just move over there for a moment?’ Then they began to protect their eggs with their wings and their beaks. I told them ‘Ouch, don’t peck me. I’ll leave a couple for you to hatch. I just need to get a dozen for this lady’s pies.’”
“Nothing worked. So I decided to try another strategy. I stood up with my hands on my hips and said, ‘Do you ladies think that you can cooperate with me. I mean from one lady to another, do you think that you could help me out a little?’ Nothing I said, or did, helped me to get even one egg. Finally, realizing that this would be a lot harder than I ever thought that it would be and because I was extremely hungry I just decided to take the eggs.”
“Before long there were hens flying all over the place, squawking and making all kinds of noise. Hundreds of feathers looked like they were suspended in the air, waiting to gain their freedom outside of the hen house. When I finally came out of the door, I had feathers in my hair and in my mouth, but I had the basket of eggs.”
Katherine looks at the Gentlewoman, who had been the first to enter the apartment, “So, do you see why I was laughing after you walked into the apartment?”
“Yes, My Lady. I can see why you were laughing,” the Gentlewoman smiles and adds. “I wish I could have seen you with feathers all over you.”
“It was a fun day. In fact, my friend and I had a lot of fun that summer. After we got to know each other better, he gave me something that I have been carrying all day. It’s beautiful, look,” and she opens her hand.
“Oh my lady, it truly is beautiful!”
I looked up as Katherine was showing a ring to each Gentlewoman and was extremely surprised at what I saw.
Immediately storming over to Katherine, with more anger than I meant, I said, “Where did you get this ring?” grabbing it out of her hand.
“It was given to me by my one and only true love, Sir. May I have it back?” Katherine commands.
“Your one and only true love, I laugh at you, my Lady.
I had James, my man servant, go to town and bring me back this ring. There is no other ring that looks like this and I gave this ring to MY one and only true love!” I said with emphasis.
Katherine begins to cry. “Sir, if you choose to take something from me, choose anything that you like but don’t take this ring from me, I beg of you!”
“Where did you get it? I gave it to Mary. You must know where she is. I’ve been looking for her everywhere I go. Where is she?” I demanded.
“Mary?” Katherine repeats the name in disbelief. “Yes. Mary, Where is she?”
In shock, Katherine continues, “I swear to you, Sir, this ring was never given to any other girl. It was given to me when I was nine years old. My fingers were too small. So we put it on a chain that he had around his neck, so that I could wear it as a necklace until my fingers were big enough. Matthew gave me this ring. Matthew is my one and only true love.”
“Matthew?” My head started spinning. Her name is Katherine. Yet she said that a boy, by the name of Matthew, gave her the ring.
“Where were you when, Matthew, gave you this ring?”
Still crying she said, “I was waiting for him in the field where we would meet.”
I sat down for a moment, looking at her strangely, trying to formulate everything in my head. Looking up to my Queen I quietly asked, “Why is it that you always look to the stars every evening before you go to bed?”
Calmly, between whimpers, she answered, “Matthew told me, that if we were ever separated, that if we looked to the first star of the evening and made a wish to be together, that sometime…somewhere, we would find each other. Knowing that this star knows where he is, I blow my love to him every evening. The same way I did…the last time I saw him.”
Finally, I could see the face of the little girl that I had fallen in love with so many years ago. 
“Katherine… I am Matthew.”
“Are you mocking me, Sir?” Katherine asks insulted. 
“No, Katherine. Let me give you some proof. James, would you come in here?”
“What’s all the yelling about, Jon?”
“I’ll tell you in a minute. Do you remember the days that I would sneak off of the palace grounds to go to see Mary?” 
When I said the name of “Mary” again, Katherine looks at me still in shock, but her crying stops. She is trying to make sense of everything she is hearing me ask James.
“Yes, Sir I remember,” James answers.
“What name did I use when I left the palace grounds?”
“You used the name of Matthew, Sir.”
“Do you remember when I asked you to go to town to find something that I could take to Mary?”
“I sure do, Jon,” James’ eyes widen.
“Where did you find it? What was it and what did it look like?” I asked, wanting this information quickly.
“I remember that day quite well. Genola and Hortence were visiting your family with their mother...Oh, did you know that they lost all of their money and their Father died. They are working as kitchen help.”
“James!”
Realizing that he had gotten away from what Jon wanted to know, he starts again. “Sorry. Anyway, you hadn’t been able to see, Mary, for a few days because they were visiting your family at the palace. You had to be careful so that Genola didn’t see you leave the grounds.”
“Yes, get on with it, James.”
“I rode to town and looked in all of the shops. I didn’t think that she would like a clock. I mean everyone has one of those. I didn’t think that she would like a horse. Everyone has one of those also. I didn’t think that she would like a…” seeing my impatient look James stops. “... I finally found this one-of-a-kind, exquisite ring.”
“What did it look like?”
“It was a beautiful Red Rose, set on top of a gold band.”
“When you brought it home and showed it to me, what word was already written on the inside of the ring?”
“Destiny”
“And what did I ask you to add to the inside of the band?”
“You asked me to carve a boat to represent how you met each other.”
Turning back around I asked, “There, Katherine. Do you believe me now?”
Tears began streaming down Katherine’s face once again. Looking directly into my eyes she said, “Yes, I believe you. I can see, in your face, the young boy that I fell in love with.”
“Things could have been so different. Why did you tell me that your name was, Matthew? Why did you wear commoner’s clothes?” she says softly, as tears continued to flow.
“Why did you tell me that your name was, Mary? And why did you wear commoner’s clothes?” I quietly asked.
We both tried to smile at each other, as I gave the ring back to Katherine. Only this time I put it on her finger.
I couldn’t let go of her hand. We just stood facing each other wondering if it was a dream.
“Finally, the stars have brought us together, Katherine.”
“I knew they would, Jon. But, why now?”
The sound of sniffling broke the silence. They looked around. Everyone was so happy for Jon and Katherine, that their eyes were filled with tears also.
“What are we going to do now, Katherine?”
“Would you mind if we just held each other for a while without thinking of anything except this moment?” Katherine asked.
We embraced each other tightly, knowing that this might be the last time that we would be able to hold one another in this life time.
“Every night that I was away, I would look up at the light of the first star and make a wish that we would find each other. Where did you go, Mary? I’m sorry. I guess I should call you Katherine. Where did you go, Katherine? Everywhere I went, I always looked for you, hoping that somehow you might be where I was. But I was never able to find you?”
“Do you remember the night that you brought me home and I told you my master was home?” Katherine asked.
“Yes.”
“The horse-drawn carriage, in front of my home belonged to my uncle. He had come to see how I was doing. When he saw that I was out so late, dressed in commoner’s clothes and had no chaperone, he sent me that very next morning to live with my paternal step grandmother, Agnes, the Dowager Duchess of Norfolk. My uncle knew that I didn’t want to go, so he had our servants walk in a line on both sides of me so that I couldn’t run away. They put me in the coach, and the horses galloped along the same road that you brought me home on the night before.”
“While I was riding in the horse-drawn carriage, I saw the kite flying in the wind. By then the horses had slowed down so I jumped out of the coach and ran toward it thinking that maybe you had found it and was now flying it waiting for me to come to the field. When I got close, I could see that it was a girl dressed in noble clothing.”
“It must have been, Genola…. Go on Katherine.”
“When I saw that it was a girl flying it, I looked around for you, but I couldn’t see you. I asked her where she got the kite. She told me that, Sir Jon had given it to her and that they were going to get married. I asked her if she knew, Matthew. She said that she had never heard of a Matthew.”
“By that time the coachmen had caught up to me. They dragged me back to the coach and pushed me in. The horses began to gallop again, and I laid down on the bench and cried until I fell asleep.
The next thing I knew was that I woke up in a bed in a dormitory that my grandmother, a very rich and powerful woman in her own right, was running for all of my girl cousins and other girls of noble birth.
“Did you like living at your grandmothers?”
“It was alright. The house itself was quite large. The room that the other girls and I stayed in was huge. There were six beds in our room. Well, actually seven. There was a smaller one next to the door, that our care taker was supposed to sleep in, but we never saw her. Two of the beds with their head boards back to back were closest to the door. And further into the room four other beds, next to each other, each set of two, with their head boards back to back.”
“Further into the room, there was a gathering place, or what you might call a sitting area, with windows that looked to the outside.”
“The room was fine, but I felt that I had been thrown from the frying pan into the fire. What I mean by that, Jon, is that I had no one to take care of me in that place either. My grandmother was supposed to be there for me, but she was always gone to socials, or away visiting family at the King’s palace.”
“After a few years, I was moved to the home of my uncle, Thomas Howard, the 3rd Duke of Norfolk. While there, I was prepared, although I didn’t know what all my training was about, to go to court at the King’s palace. My uncle’s plan, and hope, was that the King would notice me and make me his next wife, although I was never told anything about it.”
“At this time he was married to Anne of Cleves. My uncle sent me to the King’s Palace as a lady-in-waiting. The King noticed me there, courted me, and then asked me to marry him.”
“This helped the Howard family, to once again become favorites of the court, since our family downfall after, Anne Boleyn’s, beheading. She was my first cousin, and part of the Howard Family also… it seems like such a long time since we were together, Jon. Where have you been?”
“That same evening that I took you home, when I returned to my home, my father asked me why a visitor knew more about my whereabouts than my own mother did. You see Genola, had seen me with you two times. Once when I gave you that ring, and another time when you were in town and the ruffians were giving you trouble. The minute that my father walked in the door from his campaign, Genola told him everything. My mother was shocked, and my father was furious!”
“Knowing that I had been out, and my mother didn’t know where I was, and the fact that this had been going on for months, the next morning he told me that I was going on campaign with him. He said that I was to get up, get dressed, and be on my horse within a few minutes, because everyone was waiting for me.”
“While I was riding with the regiment, I noticed the field we would meet in. Then I saw your home. I was going to break rank and ride to tell you where I was going. But, the guards by my side told me that if I left, it would shame my father, and though I wouldn’t be punished, James, and, Timothy, would be, because of me. I had no choice. I had to go. I had no way to get a hold of you, and each campaign in France and Scotland took me further and further away from you.”
“Every night when I saw the stars I would make a wish that somehow somewhere I would see you again…. This is an odd time to be brought back together, don’t you think?”
“It’s a perfect time, Jon.”
“It is a perfect time, isn’t it, Katherine? I’ve come at this time to help you escape from this execution. I’ll make a plan so that we can both leave here and be together forever.” My mind started filling with excitement for the ideas I had, to escape this death sentence.
“Jon, I need to tell you something…. I want you to know that I am innocent of the charges that have been brought against me.”
“You don’t have to worry, Katherine. I’m going to make a plan for both of us to get out of here.”
“I love you for your plan, Jon, and for wanting to keep me safe…. Honestly, I don’t care what everyone thinks of me. All my life there have always been rumors told about me that were never true…. But I do care what you think, my love. So if things go poorly tomorrow, I want you to know this.”
“You don’t need to tell me anything, Katherine. All that matters is the fact that we have found each other, and from here on out, our lives can start over.”
“I truly love you for saying that Jon. But I want to tell you everything so that you will know the truth.”
“I’m here for you, Katherine. Go ahead, I’ll listen.”
“I want you to know everything, Jon, walk over here with me.”
“…Alright.”
“I want you to know why I married our King.”
“Go ahead, Katherine, I’ll listen.”
“When I was a lady-in-waiting for Anne of Cleves, Henry noticed me and began to bring me all kinds of gifts. At first I wouldn’t accept them. But he kept approaching me and he could get me to laugh. He was a very gentle, sweet man and little by little I began to see the majesty in him.”
“Did you know that he knows how to sing?” Katherine asked.
“No, I can’t say that I’ve ever heard him sing.”
“He has a beautiful voice. When we were courting and throughout our marriage, we would sing together in the Privy Chambers.”
“We would also dance together. He’s a wonderful dancer. Of course, we couldn’t dance very much because of the pain in his legs, but what he could do for a long period of time was play his many musical instruments. I use to love to sit and hear his many pieces of music that he composed. Did you know that he had many musicians that played with him, and he always experimented putting different instruments together in different music pieces?”

* * *

Julia stops reading for a moment…thinking, “That’s right! From the different combinations of his instruments, it is said that he contributed to the development of the modern orchestra that we enjoy today.”
“Oh, yes and the Privy Chambers, as I remember, are their personal living quarters in whatever palace they are in.”

* * *

Katherine continues, “We also had something else in common, which brought us closer together as we talked about it for many hours, crying and consoling each other for our loss. Both of our mothers died when we were both very young. Throughout our marriage, we continued to comfort each other because we could understand how the other felt. Others could see the bond that we had because of it, and they were threatened.”
“Henry paid a lot of attention to me. I wasn’t use to having someone lavish me with gifts, and I was mesmerized with the fact that here was the King of England, the most powerful man in the world, and he was interested in me. He told me that he loved me! I had been thrown to the wolves too many times in my life… finally for the first time, after you left, I felt safe, with this man as my husband.”
“Though Henry was King, our worlds were not that far apart, Jon. Henry was brought up to be King after his older brother Arthur died. And since that time, when you and I played like we were the King and Queen, and we talked about what we would do for our people, I have always wanted to be able to do something to help the people of England.”
“Yes, as I remember, we both wanted to be able to serve the people of England.”
“Yes. And where Henry was brought up to be King, under his tutelage I would have become a great Queen. Through him I could learn languages. I could learn the process of Parliament I could learn the tactics of war. I could learn everything that I should have learned as royalty from my own family, while I was growing up. I could have been a very good Queen, Jon. I could have served my people, and brought peace to my country. But I guess that’s something that we will never know.”
“Katherine, did you love him?”
“Jon, there are many kinds of love. You know how I feel about you. Our love is an eternal love. The love that I felt for Henry was a love of gratitude and safety. That doesn’t mean that it was anything less than I felt for you. It was just different.”
“I felt wanted. I felt loved. Those things are very important in this life, Jon. Henry gave me everything that a person could desire in this world. I felt like I was in safe hands and protected when I was in his company. The love that I felt for this man filled the hole that I had in my heart. By being his wife, I could help every member of my family to once again be a proper member of royalty.”
“So, you were happy being his wife?”
“I was very happy, Jon. But I want you to know that if I wouldn’t have been forced to leave, I would never have been with anyone else but you.”
“I’m so sorry, Katherine. Neither one of us had a choice.” 
“Destiny is a strange thing, isn’t it, Jon? If we wouldn’t have met, I would never have become Queen. If I wouldn’t have become Queen, you never would have come back here now, which brings up a point, it’s late and I need to tell my Gentlewomen and you other things. Would that be all right with you?”
“Yes, Katherine, that would be fine.”
Walking back to her Gentlewomen, Katherine says “My dear Gentlewomen, there is something that I would like all of you to hear…. While I lived in the dormitory with all my girl cousins, at my grandmothers, my relationship with my music teacher, Henry Mannox, was only brought on by the emotions that his music would bring out in me. I was only eleven years old then and he knew when I was sad, and missing my family, my home, and though he didn’t know it, when I was missing you, Jon.”
“His music calmed my sadness, raised my spirits and many times made me want to dance. I have always loved to dance. The music he would play, just for my private audience, was not like the music that he normally played in public. It was not structured by society, but came from his heart. I was grateful for his kindness, and loved him for it. He helped me heal from my many depressions, and feelings of being alone.”
“It has been said that I had a pre-contract for marriage with Francis Dereham, while I was also at my grandmother’s dormitory. Looking back, I can see where Francis worked very hard to gain my trust. We slept in the same bed, thinking of him as a brother. It was never my intention to be with him as a woman is with her husband. I trusted him so much that I felt completely safe when he talked me into sleeping with him with no clothes on. It was later that same night, after he had made me feel completely safe, that he quickly took me.”
“I was shocked. I didn’t know what to do. My religion didn’t allow this. If any other man found out, they wouldn’t want me. So when he called me his wife, I just played along and called him husband. It was because of my trust in him, and my naiveté, that he took advantage of me. I never wanted him for a husband.”
“Thomas Culpepper was my sixth cousin, and a Gentleman of the Privy Chamber in the employ of the King. Since we were cousins, we had a lot in common to talk about. There was never an adulterous affair between us. We just laughed, talked and played a lot of board games. I thoroughly enjoyed his company.”
“When we were first married, the King was with me all of the time, and he was very caring and protective making me feel safe and secure. But, he could only put his duties off for so long. Then once again, I was alone most of the time.”
“Jon, our summer together was one of the few times that I had anyone that I could be with. Other than that, I had been alone so much of my life that finally, after the King was busy, I was tired of being alone. I decided that I would be with my peers, dancing and gossiping so that I could feel like I was part of a group, rather than always feeling like I was alone. I love to talk, and laugh and I needed someone to be with me, but the King was always too busy with state affairs to be bothered with the attention that I needed.”
“I want you all to know that I loved King Henry, and was never anything but loyal to him. My pledge to him was, ‘No Other Will Than His’ and I lived by that pledge.”
“If there is anything that I have been guilty of, it is that I was a young naïve girl that loved to gossip, and harmlessly flirt with all of the young men. I never thought that they would take it seriously, knowing that I was the wife of their King.”
“Jon, I looked up to the night sky every evening for years, making my wish on the first star of the evening, that we would see each other as soon as possible. Everywhere I went, I looked for you, hoping that somehow I would see you. When I finally came to the realization that I would probably never see you again, I settled for the attention of these men because I had become a woman, and in this country women need protection.”
“In the end, I can see that no one was ever there for my protection. I was only used by my friends and by my family, to rise to a higher social status.”
“Even my faith didn’t protect me. It is because I am Catholic that I go to the gallows, and for no other reason. Those that are in power want the Church of England to stay supreme in our great country of England. If I were to stay Queen, the powerful English would be worried about returning to their original Catholic faith and losing their power. They knew that the King would do as I would request him to do, and that would be to return to his original faith as a Catholic.”
“It is because of my hold on the King that I am the pawn in this power play.”
“Katherine, I wish I could have been here for you.”
“You are here for me now, Jon. There is one thing though… I wonder would we have ever met as royals.”
“I don’t know, Katherine. The point is that we did meet. But it is the structure of our society that has kept us apart,” I answered adamantly.
“I agree with that. We can be grateful that we are finally together today. Jon, you have said that this is an odd time, but I will say to you that it is the right time. I need you to help me.”
“I’ll do anything that you want me to do, Katherine, just ask,” speaking from emotions deep within my heart.
“Jon…” Katherine was having a hard time formulating her feelings into words. “I… know in your mind that you are planning a way for us to escape, to find somewhere where we can live together forever. But, where would that be, Jon? King Henry has his armies all over the world.”
“If we were to somehow escape, armies from England, all of the other countries that are loyal to England would also have their armies searching for us. Our families and friends would pay the price. All of my servants that are with me today would be found and held accountable. They would all be tortured, trying to find out where we had gone. If we had children, they would continue to search for all of us, until they finally caught us. Then we would all be brought here to the Tower. We would all be tortured and beheaded. Would you want your future children, your family, your friends, James and Timothy, and everyone you hold dear to you tortured and have their heads impaled on London Bridge?”
“I didn’t think about all of that, Katherine.”
“I want to be with you more than anything I have ever wanted in my whole life, Jon. But how could we be happy when such evil would befall those that we love?”
“What can we do then, Katherine?”
Katherine hesitates again…. How can she ask this of someone that loves her as much as Jon does? “Unless we want to bring a lot of sorrow and pain to our family and friends for generations to come, I have to go through with this execution.”
“What?” I said with horror.
Katherine continues, “There’s no other way, Jon. Our paths have brought us to this point in time, and it’s something that I have to complete.” Katherine puts her arms around my neck and whispers in my ear, “I need your strength, Jon. I need you there. I need you to be my executioner.”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. Katherine repeats her request, “I’m asking you to be my executioner.”
“…You want what? How could you ask this of me! There must be some other way!”
Katherine continues to try to persuade me. “I ask this for myself, Jon. I have heard of horrible things that have happened to others when they are to be beheaded. I know that with your love, you will be merciful to me.”
“Katherine, I can’t,” I pleaded. “…Anything, but that!”
She walks closer to me, holds my face with her small soft hands and looks up into my eyes. “Jon, our love will last all of eternity. But my life has to end tomorrow. For the sake of those we hold dear, we have no other choice. My beloved, I’m not strong enough to go through this by myself. I need you to do this for me. I need your love to take me to a better world.”
My heart finally opened to see and understand exactly what she was asking me to do. “Katherine, what will I do without you?” I said, with tears coming to my eyes and wrapping my arms tightly around her. 
Katherine responds by wrapping her arms around me just as tightly. “I will always be with you, my love.”
There was silence for several minutes, as I tried to process everything that Katherine had just said. Finally, coming to a resolution, looking down at her I said, “Katherine, I will do as you have asked. I’ll take James with me now, and we will prepare for tomorrow. Timothy, will stay with you.”
“Do you have to go now, my love?”
“If I don’t go now I’ll never be able to do as you ask.”
“It will be hard for me also, Jon. I’ve always only wanted to be with you. But it’s not our destiny in this life time.”
“Somehow Katherine, we will both get through this.”
“Will you ask one of your guards to bring me a beheading block so that I can practice how to place my head? I want to look prepared and composed, like a Queen should look, when I place my head on the block, waiting for the ax, in my last earthly act.”
“I will ask for one my love.”
Jon leaves with James. A few minutes later, James brings the block to Timothy, who has been standing guard over Katherine.
In her room, Katherine, has made this commitment to herself, “I will practice throughout the night until I put my head in the right position, so that I feel comfortable enough to be able to look at the crowd, and calmly move my head back to the block. This will be my last message to you my King, as I told you from the first day we were married, that I would live by the motto ‘No Other Will Than His.’ If it is your desire to have me beheaded, then I continue to stand by that motto… as I always have.”
Throughout the night, Katherine practices placing her head just right. Finally, everyone else is asleep. “Jon, my love I must leave you a message.” Going to one of her Gentlewomen she says, “I’m sorry to wake you, but I need your help in writing a note.”
“That’s fine, my Queen. I would be glad to help you.”
Setting down at her writing table, her Gentlewoman writes as Katherine dictates, what she wants written to Jon.
“Thank you, so much. You can go back to bed now.”
“Yes, my Queen. I will see you in the morning.”
“It will be soon, my dear Gentlewoman. Thank you for your kindness.”
As soon as Katherine is alone once again in her room, she quietly says, “Now where shall I put it. If the King ever finds out what I feel for Jon, his head will be on the block also.”
Looking around her room, she looks up at the rafters. “Ah, there is only one small place that the pigeons don’t go. It looks like it will be perfect.” As she climbs on top of the table she finally reaches the rafters and sticks the envelope tightly in the chosen area. Getting down from the table she goes to the window, and looking at the stars, she says, “You brought him to me. Now make sure that he receives my last note.”
Later that morning, February 13, 1542, at 6:45 a.m., a knock is heard at the door. The guards summon the Queen. “My Lady, it’s time.”
Knowing that her execution is scheduled for 7:00 a.m. Katherine asks her Gentlewomen, “Would one of you please open the door?”
“Yes, my Lady.”
Timothy is standing outside the door.
Looking toward the door, Katherine asks, “Where is Jon?”
He answers, “I don’t know, my Lady. He sent these guards to get you. Let me go and see if he is here.”
Katherine starts to walk toward the entrance, as the other guards enter her room. A strange feeling comes over her. Wanting comfort, she looks down at her hand.
“…My ring! I’ve got to have my ring!”
She turns around to go over to retrieve her ring and is stopped by a guard.
“My Lady, we have to go!” he says abruptly.
“I’ve got to have my ring. Please let me get my ring,” she pleads.
Timothy is now walking back and hears the commotion. “What’s the matter?” he questions.
“Timothy, I need my ring,” Katherine begs.
“Let her get her ring. What is it going to matter?” Timothy asks.
“My Lady, we have no time to spare,” the guard announces.
Katherine quickly runs to her bed, reaches under her mattress and retrieves her ring. “I couldn’t wear it while I practiced with the block, my love,” she says, quietly hoping that Jon would somehow hear what she said.
It was a somber procession as they walked to the court yard. “Timothy, did you find, Jon?” Katherine questions.
“Not yet, my Lady,” Timothy responds sadly.
Katherine looks all around the courtyard searching the crowd, “Where are you, Jon? You said that you would be here for me. I can’t do this without you. Please! Where are you?”
Walking on the Tower Green with her guards and Gentlewomen, “I can feel you near me, but I can’t see you.” For a moment, she feels the warmth of his hand on hers.
 The guards push her forward toward the stage.  She continues to scan the grounds and the crowd trying to find any sign of Jon.
 Finally, she sees the stairs of the straw covered stage directly in front of her. Walking up the stairs, she pleads, “Jon, please I need you.” Once on the stage she sees the block…. Still standing, she takes off her cloak and hands it to one of her Gentlewomen. Scanning the crowd she takes a long breath, as she looks for any sign of Jon.
“Please, Jon. I’m here. I’m on the stage at Tower Green. Please, I need you!” She says, pleading in her heart, while trying to look composed to the crowd.
He still isn’t anywhere to be found.
She looks toward the sky, silently asking for strength.
Finally, she hears footsteps quickly coming up the stairs, walking behind her and to her left, “I’m here my love,” he says loudly breathing like he is out of breath.
 Katherine turns around, “Jon!” She says breathing a sigh of relief.
 He looks into her eyes and then kneels before her on his right knee, holding the ax with his left hand. Bowing his head, he says, “My Queen, please forgive me.”
“I forgive you, Jon.” She takes the ring off of her finger. “Here is our ring. Remember, I will always be with you my love.”
Jon looks into her eyes. “Katherine, my love goes with you.” 
She continues to look into his eyes. “And mine with you.”
Jon stands up. Katherine turns around to face the crowd. Though she has done nothing wrong, for the sake of her family, she asks for forgiveness.
“My good people please forgive me for my trespasses. All that I have been charged with was done by me alone. No one in my family had anything to do with my offence against the King…. May God be with you all.”
Katherine kneels down and puts her head on the block. Quickly turning her head to the left she looks up for one last look at Jon as he stands with the ax high above his head. Continuing to stretch his arms as high as he can to get the maximum blow, he looks down at Katherine with a determined, yet compassionate and questioning look, which states, “Are you ready?”
Katherine blinks her eyes once, signifying “Yes,” and quickly, but smoothly, repositions her head on the block. With the cut of an expert, the newly sharpened ax comes down precisely on target, taking only one stroke to behead his beloved Katherine.
Writing in first person Jon pours out his heart. 
“With my promise fulfilled, I almost burst into tears when I saw her. Holding my breath, I quickly walked down the stairs and behind the stage. Leaning against the back of the stage, my chest began to feel so heavy, I couldn’t breathe. My hands went numb, and I felt like I was going to pass out.
“Am I in the middle of a horrible dream? How could I have done this to someone that I love? The only thing that is going to get me through this is the fact that she didn’t suffer like so many others in this position, at the mercy of their executioner, had been made to suffer. That is my only solace, my love.”
Regaining my breath, and finally the feeling in my hands, I looked at James. “She’s gone, James. Here is the ax that killed her. Destroy it!” I continued to aimlessly walk away from Tower Green, the most famous staging area for beheading those of noble birth, living in England.
“Maybe this was just a dream. If I can get away from this place, maybe I’ll be able to wake up and start my life with Katherine. We’ll be able to be together again. We’ll be happy like we were when we were young as, Mary and Matthew.”
“Jon, where are you going?” James yells.
I continued to walk without direction, saying nothing. At this moment I felt nothing but pain. “Life doesn’t really happen like this, does it?” I asked myself. Yet, remembering the campaigns that I had been on with my father, the one thing that war had taught me was, “Yes, things like this do happen!”
Since the day that I left on campaign with my father everything that ever meant anything to me, had been taken away.
Trying to recapture my life and to make sense of everything that I was experiencing, I got on my horse and rode as fast as I could. “If I can just get home, maybe I can come out of this horrible dream.”
Exhausted after riding for several days, I was finally home. But when I got within view of our palace I didn’t want to go in. I only wanted to be where I had been with Katherine.
I turned my horse around and rode to the meadow where we would meet. When I arrived at the field I yelled, “Mary,…Katherine, whoever you answer to now, where are you?” Please come out. If I can see you I know that I will be able to come out of this horrible dream.”
Looking as far as I could in all directions, waiting for a moment, straining to listen for her voice, her infectious laugh, or acknowledging that I had arrived with “Hello Jon, I’m over here.” All I could hear was the birds singing, but nothing, except silence came from my heart. I decided to quickly ride to the stream where we sailed our boats.
“Katherine, if you’ll just walk down the shore, like the day that we first met. Just walk down the shore, Katherine. Please, Katherine, walk down the shore toward me. I need you to help me get out of this dream!” I pled.
“This isn’t real! It can’t be,” I yelled. Confusion as to what was real was clouding my mind.
“I can’t see her. I can’t feel her. I’m beginning to forget what she looks like already. Nothing is the same! Please, Katherine, don’t leave me! I can’t do this without you. Please, please, Katherine, please,” raising my hands to the sky, “I need you!” I yelled, as tears begin to fall down my cheeks.
Crying inconsolably for quite some time, I finally came to reality and decided, “I’ve got to write everything down so that I won’t forget.” 
I got down from my horse and hastily wrote everything that I could remember about our experiences as young children. I also wrote about how we were reunited.
Writing about Tower Green I began with, “History will record that you wore a simple black velvet dress to your beheading. But I will remember you wearing the red dress, as I knelt asking for your forgiveness, that I first saw you wearing in the Rose Garden at the Abbey. The beautiful red rose color reminding you of the courage that you would need to accept your fate.”
“I will remember your beautiful smile, infectious laugh, and love for life. I will remember the kindness, and respect that you showed to everyone you saw. I will remember your beautiful blue eyes and long flowing golden hair. But, what I will remember most of all, is our love for each other.”
“Oh, Katherine, how will I be able to live without you?”
Getting back on my horse, I continued to wander without any specific direction. I had no appetite. Without Katherine I had no reason to live.
Several hours later, exhausted from the most traumatic time of my life, and traveling many days to return home, I slumped over in my saddle. 
Jon’s horse is going slowly enough that he doesn’t fall off. On the back of his horse, he continues his journey.

* * *

The sun was setting over the ocean as Julia walked down the stairs to the outside deck of the Beach House. As usual, Daniel had made a fire, in the fire pit on the back deck. Julia sat in a lounge chair by the fire and watched the waves, as they hit the shore.
She sat quietly, remembering the story that she had just read, with tears streaming down her face, thinking of the love that Jon and Katherine had for each other. What did that story have to do with Jon that was Evan’s friend? Julia remembered that Evan had told her that the story was about Jon and about his memories. But, how could it have been a life story, when the story was about something that had happened in the 1500’s?
Jon had called her Katherine at the crime scene. Julia now knew who Katherine was. But she wondered what that had to do with her? “I’m living in the 21st Century, and Katherine lived in the 16th Century. Why would he call me Katherine?” There were so many questions coming to Julia’s head. 
Daniel broke her concentration. “Are you all right Julia?” he asked.
“Yes, I’m fine. I’m just trying to get some things straight in my head.”
“What do you think of the ocean?”
“It’s beautiful. I love the sound of the waves as they come in, and then roll back out.”
“Have you heard anything from Evan?”
“No. I haven’t heard from him, and I’m starting to get worried.”
“Julia, I don’t want you to worry. If he isn’t here in a few days, I’ll send out some of my staff to look for him.”
“Thank you, Daniel.” Julia thought staff? I didn’t know there were other people who were here? “Daniel, do you mind if I sit out here for a while.”
“Julia, you can sit here for as long as you would like to sit. It’s perfectly safe here.”
“Thank you. I feel safe when I’m around you. Thank you once again for letting me stay here.”
“You’re more than welcome, my dear,” Daniel answers with a smile. “You can stay here for as long as you would like. I’m going in I have a lot to do. See you in the morning.” 
The soft sound of the waves on the beach became a lullaby and soon Julia fell asleep on the lounge chair.
The warmth of the sun rising in the east, and the sound of the morning waves crashing into the shore, woke her up. Looking down the shore line Julia notices a group of people standing in the sand facing the rising sun. In silence, their heads were lowered with their hands, palms together in the middle of their chest in front of them, praying to the sun.
When they finished, the group began to walk toward the beach house while Julia slumped down in her lounge chair, hoping that they wouldn’t see her. When they entered the downstairs floor of the Beach House, Julia quickly jumps up and runs to her bedroom.
Relaxing in the warmth of the shower, Julia begins to think of the scene she’d just witnessed on the beach. “I wonder what that was all about. I’ve never seen anything like that.” She changes into her clothes and heads downstairs for breakfast.
“Daniel, I saw some people on the beach earlier this morning, do you know who they are?” Julia asks as she walks into the kitchen.
“They are my staff.”
“Were you with them?”
“Yes, I’m in charge of them and the Beach House.”
“What is the Beach House?”
“The Beach House is something like a Medical Clinic; a place where people come to recuperate from their life experiences.”
“Where do these people come from?”
“They come from all over. Everyone is welcome here.”
“How many do you have on your staff Daniel?”
“We have as many as we need, depending on the number of people that are here.”
“Are there other people here now?”
“Yes, there are several people here.”
“Why haven’t I seen any of them?”
“They are in their own individual rooms downstairs.”
“Are they sick?”
“No, they are just recuperating from the things that they have experienced in their life. After they rest for awhile, they’ll be ok.”
“Is there anything that I can do to help you while I am here?”
“If I need your help, Julia, I’ll let you know, alright?” 
A bell rings Daniel excuses himself and walks downstairs. After a few minutes, Julia can’t stand her curiosity and decides to follow Daniel.
She walks to the stairs and descends down to the bottom landing. There is a lot of action, as different people are walking back and forth between the rooms. It reminds her of what busy hospitals look like. Everyone sees her, but they don’t tell her to leave.
She decides to ask someone. “Where’s Daniel?”
“The bell rang, so he went to the Hall of Corridors.”
“Where is that hall?”
“Follow the yellow line on the floor. It will lead you there.”
“Thank you. Is it ok if I go down there?”
“Yes. You will be stopped if you can’t go in for any reason."
Walking down the yellow striped hallway, she sees Daniel walking toward her, wheeling a gurney with a rounded white dome covering the patient they had just received.
“Daniel, I hope you don’t mind that I have come downstairs.”
“No, Julia, you are welcome anywhere. Walk with me while I wheel our newest patient to his room.”
Reaching the assigned room Daniel asks Julia, “Would you please wait out here for awhile? You can either sit over there, or you can watch us through this window, if you would like.”
“Thank you Daniel, I’ll wait here for you.”
Julia watches as Daniel and his staff works feverishly to help their new arrival.
Finally, Daniel walks out of the room and over to her. “As you can see, the patient can be watched by the staff through this window when they aren’t in the room with him. We’ve been running some tests on him.” From the corner of his eye, he can see one of his staff looking his way. “Just a minute, they’re letting me know that the results are in. Would you stay here while I get them? It might take awhile. You’re welcome to wait here or go upstairs and I’ll talk to you later.”
“I’ll just stay here and watch if that would be alright?”
“That would be fine. I’ll catch up with you later.”
Daniel goes into his patient’s room. Julia stands at the window watching the treatment that is being administered to their newest patient.
Looking through the window, Julia sees something that she has never seen before. “What is that clear ball they are holding? Every time they hold it over a different part of his body, it turns a different color.”
Several hours go by as Julia continues to watch Daniel and his staff tirelessly care for their patient.
Finally, alternating carnation red and sapphire blue lights begin to light the patient’s room. Coming out Daniel says, “He’s going to be ok. We’ll let him rest over night, and see how he is doing in the morning. Would you like some dinner?” He asks, Julia.
“Yes, Daniel. Thank you,” she says smiling.
After dinner, Julia asks him, “Daniel, do you ever feel that you need to lock your doors and windows?”
Daniel responds, “We don’t worry about locking our doors.” He quickly changes the subject. “Did you see the pod that was covering our newest patient, when we were rolling him down the hall earlier today?”
“Yes. I didn’t know what it was, but I saw it.”
“The pod has oxygen flowing to his face, along with non-invasive electrodes that shock certain nerves in the body, to regenerate what the patient may have lost.”
“What do you mean by, what they may have lost?”
“If a patient has lost a leg, or an arm, we can create growth with electrodes in that particular area, to grow a new leg, or a new arm. This goes for anything that they might need. We have all of the equipment, and knowledge that we need to renew anything that the body requires.”
“So you’re telling me, that if I had lost an arm, you could cause my body to grow a new one?”
“That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
“Wow! Not only does your food taste better than any place I have ever eaten, but you also have the knowledge and skills to help me grow a new arm if I need it.”
“I’d be glad to help you, if you ever needed help, Julia,”
“Did Evan tell you that someone is trying to kill me?”
“Yes. He told me, when he called to ask if both of you could stay here.”
“Don’t you think that under the circumstances, it would be a wise choice to lock the doors, while I’m here?”
“We won’t need to lock anything, Julia, because there is a force field that surrounds this house, and the adjoining land.”
“What are you talking about? First you tell me that you can grow new body parts. Now there is a force field that surrounds this house and the surrounding area?” she says astonished.
“That’s exactly what I am telling you. We have a white light that surrounds a very wide perimeter. The white light is a cleansing energy. Along with that we have a gold light which is the strongest protective energy. It won’t let anyone with an evil intent enter our protected area,” Daniel explains in a matter of fact way.
“Colors play a great deal in our protection, and in our ability to heal others. For instance, our new patient has alternating carnation red and sapphire blue lights in his room right now. The carnation red light clears the organs of toxins in his body along with toxins in his blood stream. The sapphire blue light will help heal the organs of his body.”
“Tomorrow morning he will be taken out to the edge of the beach and held by my staff, as his body is allowed to float on the waves. This will help him to reconnect with the water. Water, and the energy in it, is the beginning of all life. This helps many of our patients to recapture the ability to walk again. Once that happens he will be brought back into his room and put under a dark emerald green light. This will bring balance and harmony back to his body, and complete his healing.”
Daniel continues, “All of these lights are from out of this world, pure and imbued with Universal essence. That’s why no one can enter our premises if they have evil in their mind and heart.”
“Everything that you are telling me is really hard to understand, Daniel.”
“Don’t be afraid, Julia. We have nothing to hide. You can watch everything tomorrow, if you would like.”
“I would really like to, Daniel. Thank you, very much. Right now, I think that I will go to bed.”
As Julia lies in her bed, the sound of the waves, and the quietness that surrounds the Beach House, brings her thoughts back to Evan. Why hadn’t she heard from him? Where is he? There was no way to get a hold of him. She had to wait until he had the opportunity to call her.
With morning, the sounds of voices outside on the beach can be heard. Julia jumps out of bed. “I’ve got to get dressed so I can see this.”
Running downstairs from her bedroom, she opens the sliding glass doors, goes out on the back deck, and down the stairs to the beach.
Watching the staff hold their patient while his body is lying flat on top of the waves, bobbing up and down in the surf, is very interesting to Julia.
“Daniel, why is his head and face covered?”
“He was riding his horse out in the sun and weather for a long time, and his skin is recovering.”
“How long do you think that will take?” Julia asks inquisitively.
“We never know how long things will take. Each individual is unique. There is never a cookie cutter treatment here. As you can see, our patient is responding to the movement of the waves. He is beginning to stand on his own.”
Daniel turns to his staff. “Bring him in. See if he can stand and walk on his own.” His staff does as Daniel has directed them to do. The patient is very weak, but manages to stand on his own and take a few steps.
“Good work, Jon. You’re coming along magnificently.”
Julia is shocked by Daniel calling his new patient Jon. But then she realizes that there is more than one person by the name of Jon in this world.
“Take him into his room and start the emerald green lights. Give him some juice, let him rest. In a little while, we will get him some breakfast.”
“Julia, would you like to help me make some breakfast for him?”
“I’d love to. Just tell me what you would like me to do.” Just as Julia and Daniel walk up the stairs to the kitchen, the phone rings.
“Hello?”
“Daniel, this is Evan. Is Julia there?”
“Yes, she is. Julia, the phone is for you.”
“Hello?”
“Julia, it’s me, Evan.”
“Where have you been, Evan? You were supposed to be here shortly after I arrived,” she states, concerned.
“That was our plan to begin with. Then I realized that I was being followed. I can’t talk for very long or tell you where I am on the phone. Just ask Daniel to pick me up in the same place he did before.”
“Ok, Evan.”
“I just wanted to check in. See you soon.”
“I can’t wait to see you. I’ll tell Daniel.”
Walking over to Daniel, Julia relays the message and then asks, “Where did you pick him up before?”
“We picked him up on a Mesa in Goblin Valley.”
“What is Goblin Valley?”
“It’s a 3,014 acre State Park in central Utah. The park is situated between Green River and Hanksville along Highway 24. It’s called Goblin Valley because it is full of chocolate-colored rocks, spires and pedestals that have been carved by wind and water to look like mushrooms and goblins.”
“Wow that sounds very interesting and a little scary also.”
“Evan use to play there with his friend jumping from Hoo-Doo to Hoo-Doo, listening to the sound of the wind as it made strange eerie sounds.”
“What is a Hoo-Doo?”
“It’s a pedestal rock that looks like a mushroom.”
“So, you’re familiar with that area then?”
“Yes. I know what he is talking about. My staff and I will find him and bring him back here.”
“Thank you, Daniel, for all that you are doing for both of us.”
“Julia, that’s my job. One day you’ll understand. For now, let’s make breakfast for our patient, ok?”
“Daniel, what would you like me to make?”
“His favorite food is custard pie. The eggs in the custard will be good protein for him. He also likes apples, so we could make some applesauce. Both the fresh custard and applesauce will be easy for him to digest while he is getting use to eating food once again. Along with that, we could make some toast and he could have some warm herbal tea to drink. That sounds like a pretty good first meal for him, don’t you think? Later we can give him heavier foods.”
“Julia, would you mind feeding him? He can’t see yet and probably won’t talk much. Give him time and he will talk as much as he always has.”
“I’m at your service, Daniel.”
Julia goes to Jon’s room. “Hello, Jon. My name is, Julia.
I have some breakfast for you. I’ve got some fresh custard and applesauce for you to start out with. Would you mind if I fixed your bed so that you could sit up to eat? That way it will be easier for you to swallow.”
“That would be fine, my Lady.”
Moving slowly and precisely, Jon adjusts himself as Julia raises the bed to a sitting position. Still very weak, he eats everything that is given to him. “Thank you, my Lady,” he slowly articulates.
“Are you tired, Jon?”
“I am, my Lady.”
Julia lays the bed back down. Jon falls asleep as the dark emerald green lights continue their work.
Leaving Jon’s room, Julia finds Daniel upstairs. “My goodness Daniel, you’ve got a patient with manners down there.”
“Yes, he’s a very polite and respectful man, Julia. Tomorrow he’ll be able to have the bandages taken off of his face. But his eyes will have to be covered for a few more days.”
As Julia continues to care for the new patient, she wonders, “Why is it that whenever I am in his room or standing by Jon, my heart hurts? It’s like I can feel what he is experiencing.”
Later the next day, as they are sitting on lounge chairs on the back deck, Julia is shocked when Jon begins to talk.
“Where am I?” he asks. “You’re at the Beach House.”
“What is a Beach House?”
“It’s a house near the ocean,” Julia explains. 
“Why am I still alive?”
“Didn’t you want to live?”
“I really don’t care if I live or not. My true love is dead and there is no reason for me to live.”
“Daniel called you, Jon, the other day. Is that your name?”
“Yes, that’s my name. Your name is, Julia, is that right?”
“Yes, you’re correct.”
“How long have you been here, Julia?”
“I was here about a day before you came. I watched them bring you into your room.”
“I wish that they would have left me where they found me.”
“Why would you say that, Jon?”
“I have nothing to live for. I looked for my true love for several years. When I finally found her, I couldn’t protect her and she died.”
“Jon, we all have to die,” she said softly, trying to comfort him.
“I’m really tired. Will you take me back to my bedroom?”  He asked. 
“Sure. Just hold my arm, and we will walk slowly to your room.”
Julia didn’t sleep very well after listening to Jon. “What can I do to help him? He doesn’t want to live. I wonder what really happened to him to make him feel this way.  I am happy though that, Evan called, and that I have an idea of where he is. I think that I’ll stay here at the Beach House, and help Daniel, with, Jon. At least until, Evan arrives.”



CHAPTER 7


“Do you know why I love to cook, Julia?”
“I would imagine that it’s because you excel at it.”
“I’ve become an excellent cook, Julia, because I had to.”
“What do you mean that ‘you had to’?”
“The only time that I have for myself, is when I’m in my kitchen. I use this time as a type of rejuvenation, so that I can regain the emotional strength that I need, to help all those that come to the Beach House.”
“I never thought of it that way, Daniel. I mean, I never thought that you could get drained just from helping people.”
“I don’t know if it happens to other people, but I do know that I need time to myself.”
“Would you like me to leave?”
“By all means, no, you are my guest. I don’t have to be completely alone. What I was trying to say is that I need a break from continually being of service to other people. I need time so that I can help myself also.”
“So, by cooking, you gain the strength that you need. And in the process, have become an excellent cook.”
“…Exactly!”
Julia continues to watch Daniel for a few minutes and then asks, “What do you think of Evan’s phone call yesterday? Do you think that he will be ok?”
“He’ll be fine, Julia, if he can get to the very top of Big Wild Horse Mesa.”
“To the top of a mesa, what is a mesa?
“It is an elevated area of land, with a flat top and sides that are usually very steep cliffs.”
“How tall are they?”
“This particular mesa is 4,510 feet above sea level.”
“And, Evan is going to climb it? How does a person climb something that high?”
“When Evan returns you’re going to have to ask him. He’s the expert on climbing that mesa.”
“Do you mean that he has climbed it before?”
“Yes, several times as a young boy.”
“He did? Do you think that he’ll be able to climb it now at his age?”
“He’ll have to get to the top, so that my staff and I will be able to help him and bring him back here.”
“Ok. I’m just trying to figure this out, Daniel. If Evan is almost there, and he is in Utah, and you and your staff are still here in California, how are you going to make it to the top of the mesa at the same time that Evan does?”
“There’s a portal there. We’ll go down the Hall of Corridors and through the Goblin Valley portal.”
“The Hall of Corridors, that hall downstairs that I was about to turn into, just as you rounded the corner with Jon?”
“Yes, Julia.”
“What is a portal?”
“A portal is a doorway.”
“…A doorway, a door to Goblin Valley?”
“Yes, a door to Goblin Valley.”
“I’m having a hard time grasping what you are saying, Daniel. You have a doorway, downstairs, that you can be hundreds of miles away the moment you open it?”
“Actually, you have to walk through it. And yes, sometimes it’s thousands of miles or even more.”
Julia’s mouth drops open and her eyes widen in a state of shock. As she starts to ask Daniel several more questions concerning this recent revelation, a bell rings.
“I’m sorry, Julia, I’ve got to go. A new patient has just arrived. We’ll talk later.”
Julia watches Daniel as he walks toward the stairs and down to the clinic. Her head is spinning, trying to make sense of the things that she has just heard.

* * *

After driving I-15 South for several hours, Evan has decided to pull off the road behind a large truck stop and rest for the night.
Leaving his car behind the trucks as the sun rises, he goes into a restaurant for breakfast.
“What’ll you have for breakfast, sir?”
“I’ll have pancakes, bacon, eggs over easy, toast and orange juice.”
“You must be hungry?”
“Do you have any Utah maps here?”
“They’re up by the cash register. Shall I get you one and put it on your bill?”
“That would be great. Thank you, very much.”
After breakfast, Evan follows several trucks as they enter I-15 South on their way to southern Utah.
Knowing most of the way, Evan grabs the map he bought at the truck stop to verify his path to Goblin Valley.
“Julia, I wish you were with me, but then again I’m glad that you’re not. You’re safe at Daniel’s, and I don’t know how this whole thing is going to turn out.”
“Maybe I should relax a little. Maybe, just maybe, I’m over reacting.” He begins to notice his surroundings, as he continues to drive.
“Everything looks so different from what I remember as a young boy. Maybe it’s the type of homes that people live in now. Or, maybe it’s because I’m traveling in a car rather than riding on a horse… But what I feel is different also. I can feel fear, loneliness and confusion in the air. When I was a boy, all I could remember feeling was strength, togetherness and a clear direction to lead my life. My childhood was a wonderful time.”
“I remember the fun that I had as a child with my friends. My older brother wasn’t that fun. He was always mean to me. My tribal friends were my true brothers.”
“My father, Chief Joseph, taught me how to make bows and arrows, how to hunt, how to be a leader, and he set an excellent example of how to be a good husband and father.”
“My mother, Mother Willow, taught me how to cook the meat that I killed and how to keep my belongings picked up in our tipi. She also tried to teach me how a woman thinks.”
 Laughing, Evan wondered if a man would ever understand that. Quickly thinking of Julia, he remembered that she had said many times that it was hard to understand why men think the way that they do. “I suppose that we are completely different in how and why we think the way that we do.  Why did my parents get along so well then?” 
Thinking for a while he remembered how they treated each other.  “I remember them telling me that I couldn’t expect other people to act and react or to think through things the same way that I did.” 
They also told me “You have got to allow people to be themselves; to think of things in their own way, to act and to react to things in their own way.  You see we are all different because God made each of us unique.  It becomes our job to be patient and to learn to understand others, especially the people that we marry and that are in our family.”
As I was growing up they pointed out that it was important that abuse was never to take place physically or through words: no hitting, no yelling and no cursing because it brought negativity into your relationship and into your home; God did not dwell in a home of this kind.
“Both of my parents were great they taught me that I should be kind, gentle and always show respect to anyone that I come in contact with. Not only did they teach me this quality, but they showed me through their example also…. Yes, that was a childhood that all children should have. But, right now, I’ve got to get back to the present.”
 Looking once again at the map, Evan begins to plan his way to the top of Big Wild Horse Mesa. “If I can hike from the town of Hanksville to Goblin Valley where the Big Wild Horse Mesa is, and then climb to the top of it, Daniel, will come to get me there like he did before.”

* * *

Back at the Beach House, Daniel, after he has situated his newest patient, walks to where his location specialist is and says, “Joshua, please keep me updated on Evan’s position because I want to be there as soon as he reaches the top of the mesa.”
“He’s about eight miles out of Hanksville right now, Daniel.”
“Thank you, Joshua. When he reaches the mesa he’ll climb up the side. Let me know when he reaches the top because he’ll walk to the portal. That will give us time to meet him.”
“Will do, Daniel….”

* * *

As Evan puts the map down, he notices a car in his rear view mirror. “That looks like the one that was following me just before I arrived in Salt Lake City.” Deciding to increase his speed, he notices the car behind him does the same thing.
“That same car is still behind me. I only have a few more miles until Hanksville. What in the heck am I going to do?” Looking back over his shoulder, he notices the car slowing down, turning on its blinker and turning off onto a dirt road heading into a private driveway. He breathes a sigh of relief. “Maybe I am just overreacting. After all, many cars drive this Interstate.”
Finally reaching Hanksville, he locates a local convenience store. Parking his car, Evan goes in to buy a few provisions.
“Where are you from, stranger?” the clerk asks. “California,” he answers.
“We use to get a lot of people from California coming this way before the price of gas went up. Maybe it will go down and they will come again,” the clerk replies.
“Hopefully,” Evan remarks. 
“Your total is $125.41.”
“Is that all?” Evan remarks and hands the clerk the money.
“…Thank-you, sir.”
“You’re welcome. Have a great evening,” Evan responds
“You, too,” the clerk answers back.
Other customers enter the store, “Hello,” one of them says, as they pass Evan.
 “Hello,” Evan responds back, but a strange feeling in his gut emerges, as three other men pass by him, looking down toward the floor.
“Now that seems strange. Everyone else in this town seems to be very friendly and outgoing. And the locals certainly aren’t looking at the ground. These guys have earrings in each ear. People in this town don’t wear earrings.”
In the same local store, after Evan has left, the three men have asked to talk to a professional guide. “Our best guide’s name is Trevor.”
“We’d like to hire him for a day or two.”
“I’ll call him. Can you wait until I get a hold of him?”
“Sure. Just make sure that he is your best!”
The three men walk through the store while they wait for the guide.  One of them begins to talk, “While we wait for the guide, may I ask you a question, boss?”
“Sure. What’s the problem?”
“I just wondered why we didn’t just take him while he was here?
“…Because he’s not the one that the boss is really interested in. He wants, Julia, first, and, Evan, second. Get the picture?”
“Got it….”
Now with an anxious feeling in his gut, Evan begins to move faster. “I remember climbing this mesa as a boy. Hopefully I’ll still be able to find the stair case, Black Bear, and I found. I just want to get to the portal I don’t want to look past it to the land where I lived with my tribe.” No one in his current life as a police officer knew of his life experiences there by the mesa, not even Daniel and that was the way that he wanted it to be. It was too painful to remember.
Hiking toward the mesa, Evan notices, “It sure is a lot warmer here than Northern California is at this time of the year. Since the mesa is a little over twelve miles away, it should take about four and a half hours from Hanksville to walk to the mesa. Of course, in this grueling heat, it might take a little longer.”
Finally arriving in Goblin Valley, Evan remembers just how much he loves this area. He can’t understand why most people don’t like the eerie sounds, and the shape of the boulders. Particularly when shadows begin to grow on the ground, as the sun sets in the sky. “Hopefully, this phenomenon will help to protect me, since the shadows are starting to show themselves on the ground right now.”
“Ah,” he says as he looks toward the horizon. “There it is, Big Wild Horse Mesa.” In his mind, he sees two little boys running among the strange formations and jumping from HooDoo to Hoo-Doo, laughing and pretending to be animals and birds. “Black Bear and I always had a lot of fun with our great imaginations.”
Finally, his memories begin to fade as the last rays of the sun disappear behind the mesa, “How beautiful. This is one of the greatest places to be. I’ve missed my home, and my tribe.”
The first star begins to shine. And then on cue one star after another begins to light the sky. “I forgot how bright the stars really are out here, and how beautiful the patterns are that form the constellations.  …Shooting stars. Wow! I don’t remember seeing so many of them!” Evan says in awe to himself.
Finally exhausted from his many days of driving, along with several hours of hiking, Evan is lulled to sleep by the full moon’s soft light and the eerie Goblin Valley sounds that seem so familiar, as he lies on a warm berth of dirt underneath a Hoo-Doo overhang.
Sleeping soundly throughout the night, the morning sun wakes him and his eyes open with a start. As Evan looks up at the rock that he is sleeping under, he is shocked to find an unforgettable piece of rock art. The hand drawn picture is of a family: a male with a long tribal head dress, a female with a beautiful smile and long hair, and two boys, one a lot taller than the other. “I remember drawing this picture when, Black Bear, and I would play around these boulders. Mother, Father, you are still with me. I have never forgotten you. Please be with me as I climb to the top of the mesa so that, Daniel, can take me back to the Beach House.”
The feeling of love from his parents filled his heart. “My Mother and Father, I wish I could stay. But I have got to go. Please come with me. Walk with me. It is good to feel of your spirit.” Gathering his equipment he walks with renewed strength.
After hiking for another hour, he slips into a small wedge between two boulders. Evan stands for a minute, taking in another magnificent view of his projected destination, the Big Wild Horse Mesa.
“Just another half hour and I’ll be able to climb the mesa. Once I’m on the top, I’ll be home free!” he says to himself.
Unexpectedly, he hears footsteps echoing up from behind. He ducks down between the two boulders. Looking through his binoculars, he can see four men. “Three of them look like the three that passed by me as I was walking out of the convenience store last night. The fourth is a stranger leading the others, by following the tracks that I have carelessly left behind because I was in such a hurry. They must have hired a professional guide. I’ve got to be a lot more careful as I finish my journey.”
Evan quietly stepped onto smaller rocks that are closer to the ground, so that he won’t leave a trail of footprints behind him. Finally, he is able to quickly burrow into the sand under another overhanging Hoo-Doo.
As the steps get closer, the men walk by him on the opposite side of the mushroom shaped Hoo-Doo. Evan heard one of them say, “I don’t like this place, Spencer.”
“Quiet. He might hear us.”
“Ok,” he says softer. “What if we don’t find them? We saw, Evan, in the store. He’s got to be going to where Julia is. Do you think that he knows that we are following him?”
“I don’t think so. We had our first car turn off onto that dirt road.”
“That was good thinking, Spencer.”
“That’s why the boss put me in charge of bringing both of them back to him.”
“How much further do you think that we have to go?”
“I don’t know. Just follow his footsteps.”
“I don’t see any more tracks,” Trevor states.
“What do you mean? He can’t just vanish into thin air,” Spencer responds with frustration.
“Ok then. You find him,” Trevor retorts.
“What do you think that I hired you for?”
“Look, if you want me to continue to work for you we need to go back to where we saw his last tracks.”
“He was going in this direction. Can’t we just continue going this way?”
“Whatever you say…. You’re the one that hired me. But know this, if we do as you suggest we may lose him all together.”
“Ok. Let’s go back. You’re the guide. I’ll go by your lead, Trevor.  Just find him, ok?”
“I will, Spencer. You can count on me.”
Evan quietly waits until they pass by him. “I think that I’m going to take this opportunity to take a short rest and make sure that they are far enough away that they don’t see me walking through the open ground toward the mesa.”
After his short rest, he climbs out from under the HooDoo. He hasn’t heard anyone for quite some time so he decides to continue his journey. 
Finally, he reaches the bottom of the mesa. “Ah, nothing has changed here. The pockets and jutting rocks are still strategically positioned. Thank you, Mother and Father, for giving me the strength to get here. And, thank you, Black Bear, for showing me our secret staircase to the top.” With that Evan begins to climb the vertical side of the cliff.
“The boss isn’t going to like this,” Spencer remarks. “We haven’t seen or heard him in quite a while. Let’s sit down under one of these mushroom overhangs and look around.” 
Looking at Trevor, he says, “Give me the binoculars,” as he holds out his hand. Turning around, he looks in the direction that they have just come from. “I can’t see him anywhere...Say, what’s that big land mass over there?”
“It’s the Big Wild Horse Mesa.”
“…A Mesa? I’ve never seen one of those before. Look at the steep walls. With these binoculars I can see everything… say, what’s that? There’s something moving perpendicular on the side of that mesa.”
Trevor takes the binoculars back, and carefully scans where he has been directed to look. After a few minutes he sees Evan, a tiny speck, self-assuredly climbing the face of the mesa, putting his hands into the pockets in the rock, and stepping onto the jutting rocks strategically positioned on the face of the mesa.
Suddenly Trevor stands up, “He’s climbing the side of the mesa!” Trevor yells. Spencer stands up next to him, “He’s trying to get to the top of the mesa? Is there a shorter way to get to the top?”
“I don’t know if it’s shorter, but we could go back to town get a jeep and ride up to the top. There was a road put in on the back side just last year,” Trevor suggests.
“Well, now, that sure seems a lot easier than what Evan is doing. Lead on my man,” and he slaps Trevor on the back.
When they reach town, Spencer and his group go into the convenience store. “Do you have another set of binoculars that I could borrow?” he asks the clerk.
“Spencer, I’m going to rent a jeep. Wait here for me” Trevor announces.
“Great, Trevor, we’ll stay here, hurry as fast as you can.”
“I will…. See you soon.”
“Here are the binoculars. Is there something special that you found out there?” the clerk questions.
“There sure is,” Spencer proudly proclaims. Finally, Trevor drives up with the jeep.
“There you are, Trevor. Look through these binoculars. Tell me if you think that we will reach the top around the time that, Evan, reaches it,” Spencer asks.
Looking through the binoculars, Trevor says, “Oh, yea. No problem. We’ll be waiting for him.”
Spencer and his men climb into the jeep. “We’ve got some meat to catch!” he yells as Trevor puts the pedal to the medal.
“Yea,” they all chorus.
After they reach the road behind the mesa, Spencer orders, “Quiet down, we don’t want him to hear us.” He turns to Trevor, “Drive a little slower so that he can’t hear our jeep.”
Finally reaching the top, they all sit and quietly wait to see exactly where Evan will come up.
“Man, I’m sure glad that I’m almost to the top,” Evan says to himself. “I don’t remember it being this hard. I can’t wait to see Daniel.”

* * *

At the Beach House, Joshua calls Daniel. “Daniel, Evan should be at the top within two minutes.”
“Ok, Joshua. Would you have some of the staff finish getting his room ready? Then have others get the recuperation pod and come with me to the portal, please.”
“The room is finished and the pod is just now coming around the corner. We’re all ready to go with you to the portal entrance whenever you’re ready, Daniel.”
“I must say, I like my efficient staff. So he should be there at about the same time that we arrive?”
“Within a half minute.”
“Great timing, Joshua, let’s go.”

* * *

Finally reaching the top of the mesa, Evan pulls himself up and over, sitting down to rest for a moment before he makes his way to the portal.
“Look, there he is,” Spencer quietly states as he points in Evan’s direction.
Slowly getting out of the jeep, Spencer’s group silently inches their way to Evan’s resting place. Unaware of their presence because of the strong wind at the top, making it hard to hear their footsteps, Spencer states as he looks down at Evan, “We’ve been waiting for you.”
Evan looks up, quickly turning his head around. He is surprised, but not shocked to see them.
Gloating, Spencer says, “A road was put in last year on the back side. Too bad you didn’t know anything about it.” Evan is still sitting down, but confidently looking up at Spencer.
Without warning, Spencer kicks Evan in the face with his hard boots. The impact throws Evan onto his back, making his body roll a few feet toward the center of the mesa. Others of the group now run over and kick him on both sides several times.
Trevor is shocked at the beating that Evan is getting. With both hands in the air to his side while he begins to back away, Trevor states, “Say, man. I didn’t sign up for something like this. I’m leaving.” After the guide starts the jeep, Spencer and his group run back to stop him from leaving them on the top of the mesa.
“Look, you were paid to help us and this is part of your assignment,” Spencer, growls as he holds onto the jeep and the arm of the guide.
“I don’t get involved in things like this. I don’t care who you are, or who he is. I just don’t do this type of thing,” Trevor states adamantly.
“Wait for us or you’re going to be there with him,” Spencer threatens as he pulls out his gun.
“Ok, I’ll wait,” the guide reluctantly states.
And with that confirmation, Spencer and his thugs turn around to walk back to the unconscious, badly beaten up, Evan.
“Let’s finish this job, boys.”
When they are about six feet from Evan, Daniel and his staff suddenly appear out of nowhere.
“Oh, man, who is that?” Out of fear, Spencer drops his gun. “Grab him men. The boss is going to be really mad if we don’t finish this job,” and they begin to run toward Evan. Just as suddenly as Daniel had appeared, he and his staff, along with Evan, disappear.
“Where did they go?” Spencer asks “Evan, was here, wasn’t he guys? I’m not dreaming, he was here wasn’t he?”
“Yea, boss we were kicking him a minute ago. Now where is he?” Looking around the Mesa he continues, “This place is spooky. Let’s get out of here!”
Everyone scrambles to be the first one in the jeep. Trevor drives a lot faster going down the mesa road than he had driven going up.
Speaking loudly, Trevor says, “I used to laugh at everyone who would come into the store and tell their stories. But, I’m moving away from this place after I saw what they were talking about with my own eyes. Man, I have never seen anything like that!”
Arriving at the convenience store, Spencer and his four thugs are still spooked. Talking on his cell phone he states, “I’m telling you boss, this guy appears on the top of the mesa, takes, Evan, and disappears.”
“Ahhh, that was, Daniel,” his boss replies. 
“Who is, Daniel?” questions Spencer.
“Someone that I have known for a long time,” his boss replies with a great deal of contemplation.

* * *

At the Beach House, Julia hears the bell ring. She runs down the stairs to the Hall of Corridors and sees Daniel walking next to the recuperation pod.
“He’s here, Julia. My staff and I will get him situated.”
“Is he ok?” she asks.
“Yes, Julia. We got him just in time,” Daniel, quietly answers.
Going up to the pod, she says, “Evan. Evan, can you hear me?”
“Julia, he can’t hear you. It will take a few days until he’ll be able to talk again. There’s a lot that he has to finish working through from the last time that he was here.”
“…The last time? I mean, I never thought of the Beach House as I know it to be now,” she looks shocked as she tries to make sense of why Evan was here at a prior time.
Dismissing her comment Daniel says, “We’ll take care of his bruises first and then his real recuperation begins…Say, Julia, since, Evan, needs to rest, would you please go and see if, Jon, needs anything? He’s having his eyes unwrapped today.”
“…Evan is going to be ok, isn’t he?”
“Yes, he’ll be ok. Would you please help, Jon?”
“Sure, but will I be able to see Evan, later today?”
“I think that tomorrow would be better,” Daniel says as he vigilantly watches Evan.
Julia leaves Evan’s room speaking to herself, “He must have really gotten hurt considering how hard they are working on him. Daniel knows what he is doing though. I’ll check on Evan tomorrow.”
Walking a few steps down the hall, she enters Jon’s room. “Jon, Daniel, said that you will be getting the bandages off of your eyes today.”
“Yes. The nurse should be in here in a couple of minutes to remove them.”
“Jon, what is the first thing that you would like to see when your bandages come off?”
“I would like to see the face of my true love. Without her, I really don’t care if I see or not.” Jon pauses. “Julia, I’m not trying to be difficult. I am so very thankful for everything that you have done for me….”
Julia interrupts, “its ok, Jon. I understand. What’s the second thing?”
“I’d like to see, and feel the ocean as I walk in it.”
“Ok, we can do that. As soon as you get permission from, Daniel, I’ll take you out to see the ocean and walk in it with you.”
“Thank you, Julia.”
“Are you ready to get your bandages off, Jon?” the nurse questions as she is walking into the room.
“Yes, my Lady. I’m ready.”
“Would you please sit up and turn your legs so that they are hanging over the edge of the bed, in the direction you hear my voice coming from?” Julia, stands behind Jon, and watches the nurse.
“Jon. I’m going to take your bandages off. But I don’t want you to open your eyes until I tell you to, ok?” the nurse cautions.
“That will be fine, my Lady,” he politely answers.
The nurse carefully takes the bandages off of Jon’s eyes. Julia is shaken to see Jon’s entire face. Her heart is pounding. He looks so much like the Jon that Evan had brought to her apartment door. She thinks to herself, “What’s going on here?”
“Now, Jon. I’m going to put some drops into your eyes. After I put the drops in, I still want you to keep your eyes closed,” the nurse instructs.
“Yes, my Lady.”
After a few minutes, the nurse says, “Ok, now slowly open your eyes. At first everything will be quite blurry. Then slowly your vision should start to clear up.”
“Yes, my Lady.”
Jon slowly opens his eyes and little by little everything begins to come into focus.
The nurse hands him a mirror, “Look into this mirror, Jon. Look at your eyes and your face. See if you can see things that are up close to your eyes.”
Jon takes the mirror. He looks into it, looking closely at his eyes. Everything is fine. Then he notices someone behind him. He looks closer in the mirror. “Katherine!” His eyes widen and he practically yells while at the same time quickly turning his head around to get a better look at Julia.
“Katherine, you’re here. You’re ok. Oh, my love, you said that we would see each other again.”
Julia is so shocked, she doesn’t say anything. She just stands there while Jon gets out of his bed. He moves around to where she is standing and gives her the most adoring hug she has ever received.
“I told Julia that the first thing that I wanted to see was your face. Why didn’t she tell me that you were here? Where is Julia anyway? I want you to see her. She’s done so much for me. I can’t believe that you’re here, Katherine.” Jon takes her face in his hands, and affectionately kisses her.
Julia is stunned. She can’t remember ever feeling the way she is feeling at this moment. Jon is good looking, respectful, kind, caring, compassionate and very affectionate. What more could a girl want?
“I need to talk to Daniel, but how can I leave Jon at this moment?” Julia thinks to herself.
“Why didn’t Julia tell me that you were here?” he asks again.
“Julia wanted to keep it a surprise,” she finally blurts out.
“Katherine, I thought that day on the gallows that I would never see you again.”
The word “gallows” sparked a light in her mind. She began to silently say to herself, “Jon? Katherine? Gallows? This sounds a lot like the story that Jon, the Jon that Evan had introduced me to, had written. But how can that be? He’s dead. I saw him…I saw him throw himself in front of me as the bullets from the perpetrators gun were fired toward me. I was by his side as he died from those bullets. So, how can he be here, standing in front of me now?” Her head was swirling in a million different directions, trying to understand what was really happening.
“Katherine, are you ok?” Jon’s question brought her back to reality. “Why don’t we go for a walk on the beach? Would you like that, Katherine?”
She looked up at him and said, “I’d love to walk with you, Jon. Would you mind if I asked Daniel if it would be ok for you to go to the beach?”
“I’ll wait for you, Katherine. But please don’t be too long. I never want to be parted from you again.”
Julia left Jon’s room and walked to where Daniel was still working on Evan.
She looked through Evan’s hall window into his room. At that same moment, Daniel looked up as she motioned for him to come out into the hall.
Telling his staff, “I’ll be right back,” he came out to see her.
“Daniel, Jon just had his eye patches taken off. When he saw me, he called me Katherine.”
“Yes, that’s right. You are Katherine, his Katherine.”
“…The Katherine from Jon’s notebook that I just finished reading?”
“Yes.”
“How can that be? She was taken to the gallows and she was beheaded.”
“This is going to be hard for you to comprehend but the notebook that you read…Jon’s life story…that was your past Julia.”
“But Daniel, the Jon that wrote his story in the notebook that I read. I saw him die at the Crime Scene. I witnessed his death. How can he be alive now?”
“This will also be hard for you to understand right now Julia, but what you saw him experience at the crime scene… that’s his future, Julia. For him it was like a dress rehearsal. It hasn’t happened yet,” Daniel quietly, but emphatically tells her.
“I don’t understand,” she says with a confused look.
“I know. It’s hard for most people to comprehend Julia. Time doesn’t go in a straight line. It’s like a pretzel, with many dimensions. I’m sorry, but I don’t have time to explain this in any more depth than that. I have to get back to Evan. We’re going to have to talk about this at some other time. I promise you Julia, we’ll talk about this subject at another time and you will understand then.”
“So what’s my name?”
“To Jon, it’s Katherine.”
“Is it ok if Jon and I go for a walk on the beach?”
“Yes. You both have a lot to catch up on.”
Walking back to Jon’s room, she begins to talk to herself. “Can it be that if I really am Katherine, the Katherine that Jon wrote about in his notebook? Can it be that we are finally together? Have we come around full circle? How have we both apparently died, yet now we are both alive?”
“According to his notebook, we both lived centuries ago, in a different country than this one, across the Atlantic Ocean. Yet here we are in Southern California, by the Pacific Ocean, and in this very moment at the same Beach House….”
Julia decides, “This is all too much for me to grasp, so I’ll take it a moment at a time.” By the time she enters Jon’s room, she has decided, that, for Jon, she would be called Katherine. Everything seemed so natural when she was with him.
“Jon, Daniel said that it was a great idea for both of us to go for a walk on the beach.”
“Katherine, we’re finally together. It’s safe here. Don’t ever leave me again. I need you,” he says as he holds out his hands to her.”
Walking on the beach, through the sand and into the surf, Katherine says, “You’re right Jon. We are in a safe place. While we’re here I will promise you that I’ll be with you as much as I can.”
The water seems to be so calming and familiar. As they hold hands, and occasionally look into each other’s eyes, they both feel a type of electricity that binds them together; a feeling of eternity; a feeling of universal essence; a feeling of oneness. There is no need to talk. The feelings and electricity between them express everything.
As the sun sets, they walk to the back deck and lie on the lounge chairs, watching the darkness settle into the night sky.
“Oh, look, the first star.”
“Yes. Our guiding star that meant so much to both of us, it finally brought us together.” 
Jon contemplates, “The stars that we both made our wishes on, for so many years. Our wishes finally came true, Katherine, in a way that both of us never thought that they would. …Finally!” Jon says with excitement while Katherine looks at him thoughtfully.
Daniel instructs his staff, “Would you please start a fire on the back deck and bring out trays of food, so that Jon and Katherine can continue their reunion?”
“Yes, Daniel.”
As Daniel leaves, he expresses his appreciation to his staff, “Thank you, so much, I’ll go back to Evan.”
Julia turns to Jon, “Are the things that you wrote about me really true?” she questioned.
“The reason that I wrote the notebook, Katherine, was to remember everything that we did together, everything that you said and did. After the day at the gallows, I rode to all of the places that we had been. I thought that maybe the morning had only been a bad dream. That if I could find you, everything would be ok. We’d be able to continue to be together. I looked and looked, yelling your name, but I couldn’t find you. Suddenly I had this urgent need to write down everything; every experience that we had had. Katherine, I felt that I could keep you with me, if I could just write it down.”
“Did it really help you, Jon?”
“It did, while I was writing it. But, as soon as I was through writing, my heart was empty again. If you weren’t here any longer, then I didn’t want to be here either. So, I got on my horse and let him lead the way.”
“The next time I realized that was I was still alive was when, Daniel, and his staff had come through the portal, put me in the dome, and brought me back here, and then, Julia’s, kind voice. It connected to my heart and somehow gave me the strength to continue. When I first saw you after the bandages were taken off, I knew the reason I had been brought to the Beach House.”
“What do you think the reason was, Jon?”
“I think that we were brought together because we had both wished for several years on the first star of the evening, to find each other so that we could be together. We are meant to be together, Katherine. We have been granted our wish.”
Dawn approaches quickly. As it becomes brighter, Daniel and his staff are standing in the surf, facing the rising sun, as its rays reach out to touch the earth, signaling a new day, and a new beginning.
“Jon, just yesterday a friend of mine was brought through the portal. His name is Evan and he is beginning his recuperation process.”
“Katherine, don’t worry. Daniel and his staff are experts in healing. He is in good hands.”
“I have faith in Daniel. I’m just worried about, Evan.
You know a person can only do so much to help someone heal.”
“Daniel, will do everything that he can, Katherine.”
“What I am feeling right now Jon, is that, Evan must be ok, or Daniel, wouldn’t have left his side. Let’s go down and see how he is doing,” Katherine suggests.
As they get closer to Evan’s room, the activity that was evident the previous day has slowed down. As they look into his room they notice a huge television monitor just above his bed.
It seems like a movie is being projected through the screen. As they stand and watch it for a moment, Daniel comes down the hall.
“Daniel,” Katherine calls. “If Evan is well enough for a movie, don’t you think that the monitor should be turned around so that he can watch it?”
Daniel replies, “Katherine, Evan is still unconscious. What you call a movie, are images of what he is thinking about and working through. Those pictures are coming from his memory. We’ve hooked his brain, the memory part, to this monitor because it will help to bring his memories to the surface. Once his memories are brought to the surface, he’ll be able to work through them.”
Daniel continues, “Along the bottom of the monitor are sections which are attached to specific parts of his body. These electrodes will show us what is happening in every part of his body. When his body is out of balance, or his blood pressure rises or lowers, or he goes into shock, we will be shown what has caused this imbalance. Then we can take the appropriate actions to bring him back into balance.”
Looking back at the monitor, she asks, “Who is that beautiful woman?”
Daniel responds, “That’s his wife.”
“He never told me he was married.”
“There is a lot about, Evan that you don’t know.”



CHAPTER 8


Curious about Evan’s progress, Jon and Julia stand in the hallway, looking through the large window into his room.
A member of Daniel’s staff walks by and looks into Evan’s room. Walking over to Jon and Julia, he says, “Hello, my name is Treysen. Your friend seems to be resting quite well at this time.”
“We’ve noticed that he looks like he is rather calm, yet still alert. Thank you for all that you have been doing for him.”
“You’re welcome. Remember though, he has quite a few life experiences that he still needs to work through. So be patient. Everything will happen in its own time.”
Smiling at Treysen, Julia says, “Yes, Daniel has told us the same thing.  Jon and I will be here for as long as it takes.”
“I guess I’ll see you again as I continue to make my rounds.  If there is anything that you need in between time, please be sure to let me know.”
“We will. Thank you so much.”
As Treysen leaves, Jon and Julia turn their attention back to Evan. “Jon, can you believe this, pictures of Evan’s, life projected onto a screen in living color, accompanied by sound, and reflecting his emotions.”
“What a wonderful machine, Katherine. How is it possible that this machine projects his feelings so that we aren’t guessing what he means; we understand his purpose, the moment he says or does anything.”
“Yes, we can feel the intent of his heart, Jon.”
“It’s amazing! I never would have imagined that such a machine ever existed.”
“Me, neither….”
Jon and Julia are mesmerized as they watch Evan’s life unroll like a movie, on the Image Sensitivity Monitor that is positioned about a foot above his head. At this time, Evan has returned to his life as a young boy.

* * *

“Raise your arrow a little higher, my Son. You want it to hit the target, not the ground.” Letting go of the bowstring, the arrow flies through the air barely missing the target.
“Father, did that target move?” he said jokingly.
“Don’t worry, my Son, your aim is getting better. Yesterday you almost hit me!”
“Yesterday you looked like the target, Father.”
 Loud laughter could be heard by all their tribe, as Evan and his father banter back and forth.

* * *

As the sounds of laughter echo on the monitor, Jon and Julia begin to smile, as they watch Evan’s mouth turn into a huge smile.
”Daniel approaches Jon and Julia. “How are you feeling, Jon?”
“As long as Katherine is with me, I’ll be fine. Thank you, Daniel, for asking.”
“You look like you might still be a little weak. Are you?”
“Yes, I still get a little shaky in the knees.”
“I thought so. Why don’t you and, Katherine, rest in the room directly across the hall from Evan’s room, since your previous quarters have just been taken by a new patient? That way, Katherine can be with both you, and, Evan.”
“That would be wonderful, Daniel,” responds a very pleased Julia, as he guides them to their new room.
“We can connect a monitor in your room, with the monitor in Evan’s, room, so that you can watch his life, as he continues to work through his life experiences.
“I’ll instruct my staff to bring in lounge chairs for both of you. Then Jon, can lie down, rather than stand. After awhile, I’m sure that you will begin to tire also, Katherine.”
“Thank you Daniel. Oh, by the way, we met Treysen earlier today. He seems very nice.”
“He is. I’ll assign him to you, so that you will have everything that you need.”
Julia looks up at Daniel. “Thank you, so much, Daniel. You have been so thoughtful and helpful to both of us.”
Smiling, Daniel answers, “I think that it’s important for both of you to see what Evan is going through, so that you will be able to help him when he wakes up.”
“Thank you, Daniel. It’s a great suggestion,” Jon adds. “Here’s, Treysen. He’ll attend to your every need.”
“How did he know that you wanted him?”
“I called him.”
“You did?” then with an exhausted tone Jon said, “I must really be a lot more tired than I thought I was. Because I don’t remember hearing you call him.”
“You wouldn’t have heard me,” Daniel says with a smile. “We communicate through a visual thought process. While you and I were talking, I pictured Treysen, in my mind, and sent a request telling him that I needed him to come and help you. Then, I created a picture in my mind that showed him what you needed. He could see the picture at that very moment in his own mind and gathered everything I requested for you.”
“Wow, that’s a great way to communicate, Daniel.”
“Yes, it saves a lot of time.”
A monitor is brought into their room, and hooked up to receive Evan’s images, conversation, thoughts and emotions. Two comfortable lounge chairs, a small refrigerator filled with a variety of meats, vegetables, fruit, and cold water are brought into their room.
“Once again, we thank you, Daniel, for everything,” Jon expresses.
“You are both more than welcome. We are glad to have you here. If you will excuse me though I will leave, Treysen, here with you as I go to finish my other duties.”
“We’ll see you later, Daniel.”
“Is there anything else that you would like me to do for you?” Treysen asks.
“No thank you Treysen, we’re very comfortable.”
“If you change your mind please don’t hesitate to ask me.”
“Thank you.”
Jon and Julia sit in their lounge chairs, as scenes of Goblin Valley come into view on the monitor. Young Indian boys are running and playing around the mushroom boulders.

* * *

“Look, Blue Cloud, I can fly,” Black Bear yells as he jumps from the top of a rock with his arms stretching out to each side. His face is looking toward the sky with a broad and determined smile. Then, to his dismay and disbelief, he finds himself suddenly falling to the ground, with an enormously painful thud.
Laughing, Blue Cloud responds, “I think that you forgot to make your arms move like a bird, Black Bear.” As Black Bear begins to pick himself up from the ground, they both continue to laugh.
“I don’t know why I’m laughing, Blue Cloud. That really hurt!” he said, as he stood rubbing his side to relieve the pain.
“What’s the matter, my tribal brother? You just fell from the sky and hit the ground! With a thud!!! A big thud! The biggest thud I have ever seen,” Blue Cloud says with a lot of expression.
“It was pretty big, wasn’t it?”
Blue Cloud continues laughing. “Your face looked so funny when you realized that you were going down, rather than soaring into the sky. Then, when you hit the ground, you were lucky you hit sand, rather than another rock. You looked like an eagle that had his nose stuck in the ground, his feet dangling in the air.”
Blue Cloud falls to the ground laughing, so hard he has to hold his stomach as he adds, “I think that you got mixed up, my Brother. It was your face that was supposed to be looking at the sky, not your feet,”
Trying to stand up from his blundered flying encounter with the ground, Black Bear painfully says, “Right now, I feel like I am a hundred years old. I hurt everywhere.”
Smiling, Blue Cloud says, “You look like it also, my Brother. But forget about your pain and watch me. I can jump like a rabbit.” Blue Cloud jumps flawlessly from one rock to another.
“You always do everything perfectly Blue Cloud,” Black Bear answers, still holding onto his painful side.

* * *

“Jon, aren’t they cute little Indian boys?”
Walking back down the hall, Daniel sticks his head into their room. “I forgot to tell you that Evan’s name is Blue Cloud.”
“Ah, that will help us to understand what we are watching,” Jon says kindly.
The scene changes.

* * *

“Father, have you always gone on this same trail?”
“Yes, my Son. Father showed me the way. All of our fathers, as far back as story tellers have told their stories, have traveled south. Some of the story tellers have said that our families came from there, and we continue to go back to keep our family ties. At the same time, we bring things that we have grown and have learned to make, and they trade their abundance and new discoveries with us. In this way, though we don’t live in the same village any more, we still help each other to continue to exist.”
“So, the people that we trade with are family?”
“It use to be that we were all family. But in recent years things have changed. Other people have come to our land and have become part of our trading system also.”
“So how long will it take to get back home, Father?”
“We left on the full moon. There have been two full moons since we started. Have you noticed that each evening we come in sight of another tribe?”
“Yes.”
“And we visit and trade with them, don’t we?”
“Yes, Father. I have met many people on our travels.”
“It would take us years if we traveled to where our ancestors first came to this country. We are going a few moons away, but we should be back home within six full moons, unless the snows come early, then we will have to wait until spring to return home.”
“Father, in our dances tonight and every evening, let us ask that the snows will come  later so that we can quickly return home after our trading is over.”
“That is a wonderful request, my Son,” his father responds.
At their first stop, after a full day of trading, visiting, and celebrating in the evening, all are grateful for a good night’s sleep.
Chief Joseph, his two sons, Flying Eagle and Blue Cloud, along with his other tribal sons, continue their journey the next morning. This journey is taken by their tribe every three years.
“Blue Cloud, my Younger Brother, why do you ride like you have a sore behind?” his brother, Flying Eagle taunts.
Blue Cloud looks back at his older brother, wishing that he was a better example of what an older brother should be.
“I don’t think that I am riding any different than you are, Elder Brother.”
Flying Eagle takes offence. Rides up next to Blue Cloud, and kicks him in his leg as hard as he can. The movement shocks his horse, and it begins to gallop, throwing Blue Cloud onto the ground.
As several of the other braves go to help Blue Cloud, Chief Joseph, notices that his youngest son is on the ground. He rides over to him and asks, “Why are you on the ground, Blue Cloud? You are a better rider than this.”
Blue Cloud says nothing, but looks at Flying Eagle with glaring eyes.
“Ah, Flying Eagle again,” his father says and he turns to his oldest son. With frustration he states, “Will you never leave your brother alone? Just because he is younger than you and a lot smaller than you are, does not mean that you treat him with disrespect. Go and find your brothers horse and bring it back to him. We need to continue our journey so that we can make it to our destination, before the sun goes down.”
“Come, my Brothers. Help me find Blue Cloud’s horse,” Flying Eagle asks his tribal brothers. They fan out in the direction Blue Cloud’s horse has galloped.
After a few minutes have passed one tribal brother points in the direction of a stream of water, “There he is, Flying Eagle!”
Riding over to where the horse is standing he says, “Thank you Wind-in-the-Face. I’ll take it to my brother if you don’t mind.”
“That would be fine, my Tribal Brother.”
Bringing the horse over to his younger brother, Flying Eagle leans over and hands the reins to Blue Cloud, quietly saying, “Watch your step, little Brother. You will never know when I am behind you.” Returning to his upright position on the back of his horse, Flying Eagle looks back smiling at his father, “He is fine father, we are ready to go.”
Riding faster to make up for lost time, they all arrive at the projected trading village, just as the sun is setting in the west.
“We are here, my Sons. Would you help me put the tipi up? Any of you that want to stay in the tipi, may stay here.”
After the tipi is up, Chief Joseph says, “Would any of you like to walk through the town to see who is here, and get a look at what they have brought to trade?”
Wind-in-the-Face responds, “Thank you, my Tribal Father, but I am very tired. I think that I will go to sleep early.”
“I’m with Wind-in-the-Face.”
“Me, too….”
The rest of the braves express that they are tired, and that they will walk with him in the morning.
Flying Eagle and Blue Cloud go with their father. As they walk the dirt road, watching the type of people that have gathered to trade their wares, one trader calls out to them, “Say, do you like dogs?”
“Yes, we do,” Chief Joseph calls back.
“Well, we just got a new one. It’s a mixed breed. It’s not for sale right now but as it gets older it will bring us a lot of money. Do you want to see it?”
“Sure. We want to see this money maker. Maybe we can get one of it’s litter when we see you again.”
“My name is Jasper.”
“I am Chief Joseph.”
“Glad to meet you. I’ll go get the dog.”
“I’ll wait here with my sons.”
In a couple of minutes he brings out something with a collar around it’s neck. The light is weak, but when it gets closer to the fire, Chief Joseph, Flying Eagle and Blue Cloud are taken back.
Quietly, Blue Cloud states, “Father, that’s not a dog.” 
What he says is true. What they are really looking at is a small girl, with very unruly hair, dirt on her face and a filthy long dress. She walks on her hands and knees, as she is controlled and guided by a collar around her neck, attached to a leash and held by her owner.
Jasper explains, “Clyde and I went on our traditional trade route several moons further south of here. There was a family, who had sailed across the ocean with a group of their people, trying to make a new start in a new country because of war that had broken out in their homeland.”
“Apparently their enemies were trying to kill the whole group and particularly this girl’s father, because he was their group leader. They had sailed for months trying to lose their enemies, and finally headed directly west, knowing that they would, at long last reach land.”
“We stayed with them in their new home for two weeks and got to know the family quite well. They had so many children we didn’t think that they would miss her. So, after we told them good bye, we hid behind the trees and watched the children play. We grabbed her, when the other children and her parents weren’t looking.”
“You took her? You took her from her family?” Chief Joseph questioned.
“Yes. Can’t you see the potential she has? She looks different from all of the girls that we have ever seen. Because the sun has gone down, and her hair is really dirty, you can’t tell it, but her hair is light. It looks like the sun. And, her eyes are blue. Can you imagine all of the money that she will make for us when she gets older? Everyone will want to be with her, just because she looks different from the other women that they will see. Or we will be able to sell her as a wife for a huge sum of money.”
An angry Chief Joseph states, “You took her for money?”
“Well, yes. What other reason would we take her?” Disgusted, Chief Joseph stands up and says, “We will leave you now!” Flying Eagle and Blue Cloud follow their father, feeling the same way.
“What’s wrong with them, Clyde?” Jasper asks.
“I don’t know, Jasper. Forget them. Why don’t you put her back, and let’s go get a drink.”
“Now that’s my kind of thinking, Clyde!”
After walking a short distance, Blue Cloud suddenly ducks, and hides behind a water trough.
Looking back, Chief Joseph sees his youngest son squatting on the ground behind the water trough.
“What is he doing?” Chief Joseph says to himself. Motioning to Flying Eagle, “Follow me,” he says quietly turning around. They both walk back to the water trough and stand by Blue Cloud as he continues to squat.
Pretending that he is looking across the street Chief Joseph quietly says, “What are you doing, my Son?”
“I’m doing what I thought you wanted me to do,” Flying Eagle says.
“Not you, my Oldest Son. I’m talking to Blue Cloud.”
“Maybe he’s just tired. Why else would he be sitting on the ground, leaning up against a water trough,” Flying Eagle states with disgust.
“Flying Eagle, be respectful to your brother.”
“Father, I am the older brother. I am the person that should be respected.”
“Flying Eagle, have you learned nothing? We are all equal. We should have respect for every human being.”
“Are we going to get into this discussion again Father?”
“Actually, my Son, I have only begun. We’ll have a long discussion about this, on the way home. Right now, I need to know what Blue Cloud is doing.”
Blue Cloud says with a great deal of anger, “Father, I’m going to see where they keep this little girl. She’s just a little younger than I am and just as you were saying to Flying Eagle, no one should be treated like that!”
“You are right, my Son”
“Well, you can watch all you want little brother. I’m going to see what there is to drink around here,” Flying Eagle declares.
Chief Joseph says, “You know that I don’t like you to drink my Son. You know what it does to you.”
“Oh, are you finally talking to me, your oldest son?”
“Yes, I am talking to you!”
“You know I only drink when I’m on the trade route, Father. There’s nothing to drink back at the village,” Flying Eagle says, dismissing his father’s wishes.
“Blue Cloud, I’ll go back to the tipi. Find out what you can and tell me everything,” Chief Joseph says still looking across the street.
Flying Eagle walks across the street, and enters a make shift bar. Blue Cloud sneaks back to see where the little girl is being kept.
After a short while, Blue Cloud returns to his father’s tipi. “Father, I know where they are keeping her.”
“…Where is that, my Son?”
“She is in a small building behind their dwelling.”
“What do you think we should do, Blue Cloud?”
“Why can’t we take her back with us?”
“Do you know what the traders will do to us, if they find that we have taken their property?”
“Father, you are one of the greatest warriors I know, if we don’t help this little girl, who will?” Blue Cloud questions his father.
Continuing to express his feelings with authority Blue Cloud states, “She is a human being, Father. No human being should be owned by anyone else, much less treated like a dog. I know that we can save her, if you say that we can Father.”
“You are exactly right, my Son,” Chief Joseph responds with great pride. “Go. Find your brother. Tell him that I want him now!”
“Yes, Father.”
The moment Flying Eagle sees Blue Cloud enter the bar he says, “What are you doing here, little brother? Have you come to drink with your older brother?”
“No, Flying Eagle, Father wants you to come back to the tipi now! He needs you.”
“Come on, just one little drink,” spitting liquor onto Blue Cloud’s shirt.
“No, Flying Eagle, I’m not interested in drinking that stuff.”
“Come on, little brother. You can handle it!” he says, throwing him to the ground. Holding Blue Cloud down, Flying Eagle tries to pry his mouth open to pour liquor down his throat. Blue Cloud twists and turns, until his shirt is torn enough to get away from his brother. Then he quickly runs to his father.
Smelling liquor, and seeing his torn shirt, Chief Joseph asks, “What happened, my son?”
“Flying Eagle….” From all the years of turmoil with his oldest son, that’s all Blue Cloud had to say.
“Son, change your shirt while I go to get your brother.” Chief Joseph storms over to where Flying Eagle is, grabs his shoulder and says, “Come with me, NOW my Son!”
Flying Eagle knew that when he had pushed his father too far, he had better not go against him. He meekly follows his father to their tipi.
Furious, Chief Joseph states, “I’m tired of your treatment of your younger brother, Flying Eagle. We are leaving tonight. I want you and the other braves to take down our tipi as fast as you can. NOW, then put it on the pack horses. Blue Cloud and I will be back in a short while. Have everyone ready to leave as soon as we arrive.”
“All right, Father,” Flying Eagle respectfully responds.
Blue Cloud and Chief Joseph leave the tipi and walk toward the water trough.
“Now my Son, Where did you go from here?”
“I got up, dusted myself off and walked between these two buildings,” pointing to them with his index finger. “Then I went to the back and walked behind the buildings, until I got close to where the traders showed her to us. They were still by the fire talking to other people. Then, they took the girl to a small shack, right over there,” again pointing. “Do you see it?”
“I do.”
Chief Joseph and Blue Cloud quietly walk around the small building. The wood shack looks like it was hastily put together. The only thing holding it up is the frame of the front door which is now locked with a pad lock. The only opening is a small window, so that she can have some air.
“That’s too small for me to fit through, my Son. Do you think that you can get through it?”
“I’ll try, Father.”
“Don’t get caught on your shoulder pouch, Blue Cloud.”
“I’ll hold it close to my chest father.”
“And I’ll lift you up to the window.”
“Just a little bit higher, Father.” 
Quietly squeezing through the small window, he drops to the floor of the small building.
“Let the little girl know that we are her friends, Blue Cloud. She’ll be afraid, since it’s so dark.”
“Did you hear that, little girl? We are your friends. We are here to help you.”
She backs up into a corner unsure of what is going on.
“Don’t worry little one. We have something for you to eat. Look, I have some jerky.” Moving from the shadows, she starts going through his shoulder pouch.
“Father, I don’t think that she understands what I am saying, but I think that she smells the jerky in my shoulder pouch.”
Chief Joseph says, “Leave your Jerky in your pouch. I’ve got some also. I’ll hold it up to the window.” She smells the jerky and walks over to the window.
“That’s what she wants, Father.”
“Help her up to the window, and I’ll pull her through it.” 
Blue Cloud does as he is told. Chief Joseph pulls the little girl through the window. Finding a small box inside the shack, Blue Cloud steps on it and pulls himself up to the window. Chief Joseph helps his son the rest of the way, while the little girl is sitting on the ground, eating the delicious jerky as quickly as she can.
“Great work, my Son. Now we had better get out of here.” Chief Joseph picks up the small girl, who is still very happy, eating away at the jerky. Chief Joseph quietly runs behind the buildings, with her in his arms, toward their tipi. Blue Cloud swiftly follows.
Flying Eagle and his Tribal Brothers have worked quickly to follow their Chief’s orders. “Good work, my brothers. The tipi is down and on the pack horses. We are now ready to leave as soon as our Chief arrives,” Flying Eagle congratulates them.
Looking up, he sees his father running toward him carrying the little girl he had seen earlier. His younger brother is right behind his father.
“What are you doing?” he inquires.
“I’ll explain later.” Chief Joseph commands. “Everyone grab the reins of your horses. Half of you walk with Flying Eagle and go behind the buildings in that direction. The other half of you go with me on the other side of the buildings across the street. The smaller our groups are, the less attention we will attract. Everyone meet at Tower Rock, three miles from here.”
“I’ll take the little girl on my horse,” Flying Eagle replies.
“No, I want her to go with Blue Cloud. They are both small. If they are on the same horse, it will be easier for the rest of us to make a distraction. If the traders follow us, we will go in one direction, and Blue Cloud and the little girl will go in the other. By using that tactic, we can help her escape from her captors.”
Everything goes as planned. When morning comes, Chief Joseph, the little girl, his two sons and the rest of his Tribal Sons, are a great distance from the trading post.
“I think that it would be safe to rest here by this stream for a while. Everyone is tired and the pack horses are slowing us down. Why don’t all of you rest while I keep watch here on the knoll?”
“Thank you, my Chief,” they all chorus.
Back at the trading post, the traders have gone out to the small building to check on the little girl. It’s light now. As the door is opened, Jasper can see that the room is empty. He yells to his partner, Clyde. “Look down the street and see if the Indian’s tipi is still there.”
Clyde looks down the street. “I don’t see any tipi.”
“They’ve taken her,” Jasper says angrily.
“What do you mean taken her?”
“She’s not here. The room is empty. They’ve taken her. That’s what I mean. Do you understand now?”
“Sure I understand. Just let her go Jasper, we can get another one,” Clyde says, tired from his partying the night before.
“I want that one. She’s pretty and will make a lot of money for us when she gets older. Where do you think we will find another girl that looks like her? Besides that, I don’t want to have to start over. Get your horse. We’re going after her.”
“Jasper, do you like this girl or is it the money?”
“Look, Clyde, we’re not getting any younger. I always thought of this girl as our stake! We could live for the rest of our lives on the money we could make off this girl.”
“You really think that we could make that much money?”
“I know we could!” From that moment on, all that Jasper and Clyde could think of was the money that they would be losing if they didn’t get the girl back.
“Can’t you get that horse to go any faster, Clyde?” Jasper barked.
“Listen Jasper, my horse is going as fast as it can. I’m keeping up with you, aren’t I? I just lost my favorite hat because you were in a hurry. It blew off, and you wouldn’t let me stop and get it.”
“Oh, quit complaining. When we get the girl back, I’ll buy you another one!”
Jasper and Clyde push their horses as fast as they can go. In half a day, they have come within a short distance of Chief Joseph and all of his sons.
From the top of the knoll, Chief Joseph is watching the valley they have just traveled across. The rest of the braves, his sons and the little girl are resting by a stream.
“Are you thirsty, would you like some water?” Blue Cloud asks.
Grabbing the water pouch, she guzzles the water as fast as she can.
“Wait, wait, Little One,” motioning with his hands. “Slow down or you will become sick.” She begins to drink a little at a time rather than gulping the water.
“That’s it,” Blue Cloud says and she looks at him with a smile. “Ah, you know how to smile,” he observes with a smile of his own.
Chief Joseph begins to yell to his sons as he makes his way down the knoll, “Horses are coming our way. Pull everything together. We need to get out of here.”
As he approaches his sons, he says, “Blue Cloud, you take the little girl and wait over behind that ridge. Flying Eagle, the rest of my tribal sons and I will take the pack horses, and ride northeast, creating a distraction, and lots of flying dirt behind our horses. Hopefully they will follow us.”
“Quickly, Flying Eagle, get on your horse. Hold onto the pack horses and get out of here. The rest of the braves and I will follow you in a moment.” Flying Eagle obeys his father and rides off leading the pack horses behind him.
“Blue Cloud, our ancestors will be with you. Take the little girl now. Do as I have told you. After the traders pass here, ride north for three days journey, and wait at our traditional campsite. The rest of us will be there as soon as we can.”
“I will do as you ask father. I will meet you at the campsite.”
Chief Joseph motions with his hands, for Blue Cloud to move quickly. Blue Cloud walks his horse, holding the hand of the little girl over behind the ridge to hide.
Quickly, Chief Joseph and the rest of the braves, ride out from behind the hill, so that they can be seen by the traders.
Seeing the great amount of dust that is flying in the air behind the braves, Jasper says, “There they are, Clyde. Follow the clouds of dust.” The traders turn east, trying to catch Chief Joseph and his sons, so that they can retrieve their property.
Blue Cloud sees Jasper and Clyde follow his father and tribal brothers. In a few minutes, he mounts his horse and says “Little girl. I’m up here. Now give me your hand.” She looks at him. He holds out his hand, hoping that she will put her hand up and into his. Miraculously she does. “Hold tight, Little One. I will pull you up.” And they galloped off.
Blue Cloud and the little girl travel for two days. During this time Blue Cloud is continually talking.
“My father, the man that was with me when we took you from the building, is the Chief of our tribe. He goes by the name of Chief Joseph.”
“My grandfather was our Chief when I was small. When he died, my father became our Chief. The responsibility and title of Chief will be passed to either me, or my brother when my father dies, just as it did when his father died, and when his father before him died, and on and on. If I am Chief, my son will also be Chief.”
“My mother’s name is Mother Willow. She is the kindest person that you will ever meet. She takes care of all of us, making sure that we are all very strong and healthy. Someday I will have many children. I will teach them, as she has taught me, to love and respect all human beings. In this way, she can see the great example that she has been for all of us.”
As Blue Cloud continues, something begins to click in the little girl’s head. She begins to repeat some of his words.
“…Mother.”
“What did you say?”
“Mother… Father….”
“Yes, you’re getting it, Little One.”
“My mother’s name is Mother Willow, and my father is Chief Joseph. I have an older brother and his name is Flying Eagle.”
“Do….?
“Yes are you trying to say something?”
“Do you…..all.”
“Good job, keep going.”
“Do you…always…t…talk….th….this much?”
“Do I always talk this much? Not really, I’m just trying to make the time go faster until we get to our meeting place.”
“Good.”
Laughing to himself, Blue Cloud decides to ride in silence for the rest of their journey.
Luckily, the little girl is use to traveling. She has been no bother to Blue Cloud, quietly sitting on the back of the horse, with her arms snugly around his waist.
Before long, they arrive at their destination. “We will wait here Little One.”
Getting off of the horse, both of them sit down on a small patch of grass under a tree, while the horse grazes near a creek. Blue Cloud puts his bow and quiver of arrows down next to him, as Little One looks up at Blue Cloud with a smile.
“You’re doing great, Little One. Here’s your blanket.
Stay nice and warm.” After resting for a while, he decides to walk around.
“Little One, I’m going to gather wood, so that I can build a fire before it gets any darker.”
“…Alright.”
“You understood what I said?”
“Yes.”
Blue Cloud begins to pick up dead branches that have fallen off the bushes and nearby trees. As he walks by a large boulder, he sees paw prints in the dirt. Bending down to get a closer look, his eyes widen, “Mountain Lion!” he says to himself. Following the prints down to the nearby creek, Blue Cloud realizes that the paw prints are relatively new. At that moment, he hears the movement of his horse, nervously prancing around, pawing at the ground and whinnying.
Running with his hands full of wood to get back to Little One he hears a loud growling shriek. His horse becomes frantic as the growling gets closer.
“Come over here, little girl.”
Running over to Blue Cloud, she climbs up on his back. Wrapping her arms around his head and unintentionally covering his eyes.
“What are you doing? I can’t see a thing with your hands over my eyes.”
Finally, he is able to pry her tiny hands off of his eyes. Looking in the direction of the growls he says to himself, “An adult mountain lion.” Realizing that their survival is in his hands, a picture of the tree they both rested under flashes in his mind.
“Climb the tree, little girl. If anything starts to climb the tree, take this stick with you to hit its nose as hard as you can.
I’ll hold it off from down here.”
He motions to the little girl to begin to run for the tree, while he gathers as many rocks as he can.
The mountain lion finally has enough courage to come into view. Prancing to his left, and then to his right, he tries to measure up the human that is standing in front of him. Blue Cloud starts throwing rocks, trying to hit his nose, hoping to hurt it enough to scare it away. As soon as he runs out of rocks, the mountain lion looks straight at his prey, shrieking as loud as it can. Blue Cloud stands his ground.
Little One turns her head toward Blue Cloud. Realizing the danger that he is in, she bends down grabbing the bow and arrows that Blue Cloud had put on the ground.
Putting most of his weight on his back legs, the mountain lion pounces toward his prey. While he is in the air with his mouth wide open, and his claws spread wide open ready to attack, several unexpected arrows fill the air, directly hitting their target. The mountain lion lands with a thud on the ground, just in front of Blue Cloud, dead from the arrows that Little One has just shot.
Shocked, Blue Cloud asks, “Where did you learn to shoot like that?”
“My father,” she says as a matter-of- fact.
Looking back at the mountain lion, Blue Cloud’s legs become wobbly. He faints, falling to the ground and hitting his head on a rock.
Within a short time, Blue Cloud wakes up.  Looking at Little One, he takes a couple of breaths trying to recollect what has just happened.
“Wow! I never would have expected that,” he says with appreciation. “You’re just one big surprise Little One.”
“My father taught me how to shoot my own bow and arrow to get rabbits for dinner,” the little girl says.
“You can really speak. I mean, it’s not just a few words. You actually know how to make conversation!” Blue Cloud says with excitement.
“Yes. I have always been able to speak. I just didn’t want the traders to know. I wanted them to think that I was younger than I am.”
“Why didn’t you talk to me?”
“I was so use to acting that way, it was hard for me to remember how to act any other way. At first, it was hard for me to speak, because I hadn’t spoken for so long. Then, I wanted to find out what kind of people you and your father were. So I waited. Then I saw the mountain lion in the air ready to kill you. At that moment, it felt like I came out of a cloud that was covering my mind. I remembered the way that I would act with my real family. I have finally come back to my real self. Thank you, so much.” She says as she wraps her arms around Blue Cloud’s neck.
Blue Cloud smiles, “Let’s go back over to the tree. The branches are big enough for us to sleep on. We should be safe there for the rest of the night.”
“Let me get something for the cut on your head first.” She brings water to clean his wound, and then gathers medicinal leaves to clot the bleeding. Cutting branches from a nearby willow tree, she asks him to chew on them. “This will help relieve the pain,” she says.
Climbing onto the branches of the tree, they rest for a few hours.
The stars fill the sky and the full moon has left just enough light to see who the riders are, that are entering their camp.
Looking down Blue Cloud announces, “Little One, it’s my father. Please don’t let him know that I fainted.”
“Don’t worry, it’s our secret.”
Taking the cloth bandage from his head, Blue Cloud slips down the tree to greet his father and the other braves.
“What has happened here?” Chief Joseph asks.”
“A mountain lion wanted me for dinner, but Little One saved me. Look at the arrows that she shot.”
“You were lucky that she was such a good shot, my Son.”
“Yes. I know.”
“It’s good for us also. We ran out of meat. Everyone is very happy that they have something to eat. Flying Eagle and Wind-in-the-Face get out their knives and begin skinning the mountain lion.
Chief Joseph states “Come here Little One.” Walking over to him, she listens as he continues. “I am so grateful for your courage and the fact that you saved my son.”
Blue Cloud adds, “You should have seen her Father. She knows how to shoot a bow and arrow as well as I do! And guess what? She knows how to speak.”
“She does?”
“Yes. She was just pretending to not understand anything.”
“Pretending?” Confused, Chief Joseph asks, “Blue Cloud I think that you had better start from the beginning and tell all of us everything that happened.”
Blue Cloud acts out each part of his story, much to the delight of everyone. First, he is Blue Cloud finding the paw prints. Second, he is the mountain lion finding his prey and shrieking at Blue Cloud. Third, he is Little One shooting her arrows. Fourth, he is both the mountain lion flying through the air, and falling to the ground, as he stands tall and strong looking down at his feet, where the mountain has landed. All the braves celebrate by patting him on the back, laughing, yelling and eating their meat.
Chief Joseph turns to the little girl and says, “Thank you once again, for saving my son, Little One. We will take you to our village, if you like. You will become part of our tribe. Or if you want, we can take you back to your country and try to find your family.”
“I would love to be with my own family, but it has been years. The traders blindfolded me, and I don’t know the land well enough to know where my family would be.” The little girl smiles, “If everyone is as nice as you are, I would like to be part of your family,” she says.
“Let’s talk about it again, Little One. Change can be very difficult.”
Turning to everyone else, Chief Joseph says to his braves, “We will rest here for a few days since we have food, then we will go home. I am proud of all of my sons. You did as I asked, riding high in the mountains, out maneuvering the traders.”
Blue Cloud asks, “Do you think that they will be able to ever find us?”
“No, my Son, we made sure of that.” Looking at Blue Cloud, he quietly says, “They are not of this world any longer. Anyone that takes another human being as a slave does not deserve to live. We continued to climb higher and higher on the mountain. Our horses were use to it, but their horses were not and they fell to their deaths.”
“Well, I guess that we don’t have to worry about them then, do we?”
“No, Blue Cloud, we can go home in peace.
A few days later Chief Joseph asks, “Little One, I want to ask you again. Are you sure that you would like to become part of our family?”
“Yes. I would like to become part of your tribe.”
“But our ways are not your ways.”
“When my family sailed across the great waters I remember my father saying, “The new land that we will live on has people that look different than we do. They dress different. Their customs are different. They speak differently. But always remember this, they are still good people.”
Little One continues, “Just because they are different from us does not mean that they are bad. Don’t ever think that all people in one culture are bad. On the other hand, don’t ever think that all people in another culture are all good. There are good people in every land, in every culture, in every family. It is our job to find those good people.”
My father also taught us, “It is our job to be kind and respectful to all people, to adopt the good in their traditions into the good of our traditions. By keeping only good traditions, we create a good and noble people.”
“Your father sounds like he is a good man.”
“He treated everyone he met like they were family.”
“It’s too bad that all people aren’t like that, Little One.”
“You are, Chief Joseph. All I have ever seen from you is kindness and goodness in your actions. I think that my father would be proud if I became part of your tribe since I can’t be with them.”
“Your father raised a great daughter.”
“We had a wonderful relationship. He was as proud of me, as I was of him. My mother was a great mother and set many great examples for me. I will miss them. But I look forward to my new family.”
“We will be proud to have you, Little One.
Finally arriving back to their tribe, Chief Joseph greets his wife, Mother Willow. He talks to her about Little One. Between the two of them, they decide that Mother Red Rose would be the best mother for Little One.
Even though it’s late, in the evening, Chief Joseph walks to Mother Red Rose’s tipi and says, “I have brought someone back for you.”
“…Someone?”
“Yes, a little girl. Mother Red Rose, she saved Blue Cloud’s life. She’s kind, respectful, small and graceful. She comes from a different country far across the waters, and was kidnapped from her family. Her hair is the color of the sun and her eyes are as blue as the sky.”
“Since she can’t be with her family, she would like to become part of our tribe. You haven’t been able to have any children so far. Would you take this small girl that I have brought back into your home, and treat her as your own?” Chief Joseph asks Mother Red Rose.
“Yes, my Chief. I would love to,” she replies.
 “Ok, I’ll bring her to you.”
“Thank you, my Chief.”
Chief Joseph goes to Little One, “I have just talked to Mother Red Rose. She would love to have you as her daughter.”
“Then, I would love to have her as my mother.”
“Come. We will go to see Mother Red Rose together.”
Walking back to her tipi he says, “Here is the little girl that I told you about.”
Turning to the little girl he says, “This is Mother Red Rose. She will be your mother. She is the kindest woman that my wife and I know.”
“Hello, Little One.”
“Hello, Mother Red Rose.”
“I’ll leave so that both of you can become acquainted.”
“Good-bye Chief Joseph,” they both reply.
Mother Red Rose hugs the little girl. “Shall we rest for a little while? And as soon as the sun shines we will get you cleaned up. Is that all right with you?”
“Yes, Mother, that would be fine. I’m tired from the trip.”
As the sun begins to light their village, Mother Red Rose wakes up.  With excitement in her voice she says, “My Little One, shall we wash your hair?”
“That would be nice, Mother.”
While her hair is drying, Mother Red Rose brings out a new dress, with beautiful matching moccasins. “Do you like this dress Little One? I made it for my niece. But she has many dresses and I think that you would look beautiful in it.”
The little girl’s eyes widen. “I have never seen such a beautiful dress.”
“I’m glad that you like it. Now let’s braid your hair and put color on your cheeks.”
A short time later, Mother Red Rose says, “Let me look at you, Little One.” 
As Little One twirls around she says, “Mother Red Rose, you have made me so beautiful!”
“It is your beauty that has made everything else look so wonderful. Come with me. It is time to present my daughter to the rest of the tribe.”
Proudly standing before the rest of the tribe, Mother Red Rose states, “This is my new daughter. From this day forward she will be known as Snow Flower. Since I have taken her as my daughter, if I hear of anyone being mean to her, you will hear from me! We are all children of the Great Spirit. We are all one family. From this day forward treat her with love and respect.”

* * *

A smile is on Evan’s face. His feeling is one of great happiness to have Snow Flower as part of their tribe. He begins to remember his best friend and tribal brother Black Bear. They are now older teenagers and Chief Joseph calls for both of them to come to his tipi.

* * *

As soon as Blue Cloud and Black Bear walk into his tipi, Chief Joseph begins to talk to them, “As you know, it is the tradition of our tribe to make long trade expeditions on the traditional trade routes that our fathers have used for thousands of years. Our trade with other tribes, and people along the way, help us gain the necessary items that our village needs to survive.”
He continues, “Blue Cloud I have chosen you and Black Bear to go on this expedition.”
Blue Cloud speaks out. “Father, I am grateful for this great calling from my noble Chief, but what about my older brother, Flying Eagle? You know that he will be mad that I am going and that he will not.”
“You have earned this privilege, my Son. Your older brother has not!”
“Father, this will give him another excuse to be angry with me. I have never been anything but kind to him. Why is he always mad at me?” a confused Blue Cloud asks.
Chief Joseph tries to console Blue Cloud. “My son, Flying Eagle has been jealous of you all of his life. Because of his jealousy, he does mean things to you, when he sees you. And because of the mean things that he does to you, you become a constant reminder of all of his bad behavior. So, he can never forget the poor choices that he has made.”
“You see, my Son, it is not you. It is your brother’s guilty conscience, and his anger with himself. If he would apologize to you, for the things that he has done against you, as you were both growing up, he would be able to look at you, and not feel guilty any longer. Until he apologizes, he will have hatred in his heart for you.”
Black Bear reinforces what has just been said, “What Chief Joseph has said is very true, Blue Cloud.”
“Thank you, Black Bear. Now go, my Sons, Blue Cloud and Black Bear. Get ready to go on your journey, you leave tomorrow.”
As the sun rises, the whole tribe can be seen loading the articles that they have made, onto the pack horses to be traded along the way.
All of the other chosen braves have said good-bye to their own families, and are waiting outside Chief Joseph’s tipi. In his tipi, Chief Joseph talks personally to his own son, Blue Cloud. “Live your life well, my Son. Know that your mother and I will be with you always. Go in greatness.”
“Thank you, my Father.”
“Come, we must talk to the rest of the braves chosen for this trip.”
As he walks out of his tipi, Chief Joseph looks at all of his tribal sons. “We place great faith in all of you. Remember the honor of your tribe. Don’t do anything that would embarrass you, or your tribe. Make sure that your actions always reflect the ways that you have been taught, my Sons.”
“There is one other thing that I would like to talk to all of you about. Because of the things that we need, this trade route will go further than we have gone in the last several years. Because of the length of your travel, and the seasonal changes you will be gone for two years.”
“During that time there will be moments when there will be conflict which will arise within your group. This is only normal. I would ask that you do not create loyalties to specific braves, even if they are your brother, cousin or best friend. Do not side with them just because they are family. Be loyal only to what is right. In this way, rather than small groups warring against each other, you will become one. Each brave will know that if they do what is right, that their brothers will be there to support them. They also know, that if they do something wrong, they stand alone, and will have to suffer the consequences.”
“Remember, my sons. You represent your tribe. Be the best that you can be and make us all proud. Go now. We look forward to your safe return.”
As Blue Cloud, Black Bear and the other braves leave, Chief Joseph, Mother Willow, Snow Flower and her family, along with the rest of the tribe, wish them a safe journey. 
	As the chosen braves leave for their journey, Flying Eagle and his friends leave in a jealous rage.

* * *

The scene on the monitor changes again. A tall, very strong Blue Cloud returns from the two year long trade route.
He has matured physically, and gained a great deal of confidence from the strenuous travel and responsibilities he has experienced while he was away. Black Bear has also matured in the same way, as have all of the other braves that went on this journey.

* * *

As Blue Cloud enters the village, Flying Eagle spots his return, and aggressively approaches him.
“What have you brought back, my Brother?”
“Come with me to our Chief’s tipi. We will greet him first out of respect. After we greet him, I will show you what we brought back at the same time that I show Mother and Father.”
Blue Cloud is pushed in a challenging way by Flying Eagle. Black Bear and the other braves run to Blue Cloud’s aid. Blue Cloud looks at them, and says, “Thank you, my Brothers. I can handle him now.”
Flying Eagle continues looking at his younger brother in a threatening way. “I have been taking care of your woman while you have been away Little Brother. I think that she has changed her mind, and wants to be my wife.”
“…My older brother. When we were younger you would treat me in this same brutal way. I have grown while I have been away. I would ask that you show me more respect.”
“I will show you respect if you will fight me for your woman!”
“I will not fight you, my brother.”
“You are still a coward since you will not fight me for Snow Flower,” Flying Eagle says as he pulls out his knife. 
“Older brother, it will be her decision as to whom she chooses to be her husband,” Blue Cloud states confidently.
Turning around, he walks away from his older brother toward his parent’s tipi. Flying Eagle throws a knife, aiming it to aggressively hit the ground just to the side of Blue Cloud’s right foot.
“I see that you have lost something my brother,” Blue Cloud says as he sits down on his heels and picks up the knife. Looking back at his brother, with a look that shows that he is not threatened, he throws the same knife back, hitting a tree next to and at the level of Flying Eagle’s head.
Blue Cloud turns back around with determination and continues walking to Chief Joseph’s and Mother Willow’s tipi.

* * *

Jon and Julia are getting use to how Evan’s monitor works. “Jon have you noticed that Evan doesn’t stay with just one situation? He gets to the meat of the subject, what he wants to remember and what he needs to work through. Then he moves on to something else.”
When there is no response from Jon, she looks over at him and realizes that he has fallen asleep from exhaustion. “I’m glad that you are asleep, Jon. You need to build up your strength,” and she turns her attention back to Evan.
For a moment she walks across the hall to see how Evan is doing. Noticing that Evan has a smile on his face, she returns back to her room across the hall.

* * *

Blue Cloud finally reaches his Chief’s tipi. Hearing the commotion outside, Chief Joseph and Mother Willow have come out to see what is happening.
“Hello, my Chief,” Blue Cloud says as Chief Joseph walks out of the tipi.
“My son, you have returned safely,” giving his father a hug, he looks toward his mother.
“Is it you, my son? You have grown so much,” Mother Willow says as she runs to give her son a long mother’s hug. 
“Mother, I have missed your hugs,” Blue Cloud discloses. “I have missed giving them to you, my Son.”
Hearing the sound of horses walking up behind him, he turns around. “My Chief, Mother, here are the things that we brought back,” Blue Cloud said gesturing toward Black Bear and several of the other braves as they bring the pack horses over.
The Chief greets Black Bear, and the other braves back from their travels. “We are glad to see that you have arrived home safely, my Sons.”
Blue Cloud walks over to the pack horses. “My Chief, look. We brought back two guitars and two flutes.”
Chief Joseph looks at the flutes. “I remember listening to the beautiful music that you would play on your flute before you left.”
Looking at the guitar, he picks it up. Remembering his own earlier trade routes, Chief Joseph says, “My Son, I remember seeing this instrument, and hearing it being played on many of my trade routes. Have you learned to play it?” Chief Joseph asks.
“Yes. Both, Black Bear and I, have learned to play it. We played our guitars at our camp fires every night as we traveled home. Sometimes, we would play them as we were riding home, on the back of our horses.”
“…On the back of your horses?”
“Yes.” Would you like to hear us play them?” Blue Cloud asks. 
“Yes.” Mother Willow and Chief Joseph both nod their heads.
Taking their guitars off of the pack horses, Blue Cloud and Black Bear sit down out in front of the Chief’s tipi and prepare to play them.
With the main body of the guitar resting on his lap, Blue Cloud holds the neck of his guitar with his left hand; the fingers of his right hand are poised to play.
“Are you ready, Black Bear?” he asks. Black Bear nods his head, and they both quickly begin to pluck the individual strings of their guitars. To make a louder reverberation, they begin to strum several strings at the same time, playing a beautiful new melody that his parents have never heard before.
Their music, carried by the wind, is heard throughout the village. Little by little, tribal members walk over to hear where the strange sound is coming from. As they approach their Chief’s tipi, they see Blue Cloud and Black Bear playing new musical instruments that they have never seen before. The other returning braves are sitting on the ground, just as they sat when Blue Cloud and Black Bear would play their music around the camp fire on their way home from their trade route.
The small tribal children excited with the new sound begin moving back and forth, and finally they begin to dance to the music. Some of the smaller ones are running around in circles. Others are running back and forth after each other. The tribal families are looking at Blue Cloud and Black Bear in amazement.
“What types of instrument are they are playing?” one woman asks.
“I don’t know. But I want to learn how to play it” a young brave states. “Look at all of the girls. They are taken with this new music!”
Snow Flower has come over to hear the music and sees Blue Cloud.  “He has grown into a man. My heart is pounding so loud, I can barely hear the music he is playing,” she says, whispering to herself.
Mother Red Rose asks Snow Flower, after she sees her hiding behind a tree, “Why don’t you stand where he can see you?”
“Mother, I want to see if he will come to me. If he does, I will know that he still has feelings for me,” Snow Flower replies.
After Blue Cloud and Black Bear finish playing their guitars, the whole village hollers at the top of their lungs, showing their enjoyment of the performance. As they all continue this welcoming tribute to all of their sons that have arrived home, Chief Joseph announces, “There will be a great celebration tomorrow evening to celebrate the return of our sons.”
Flying Eagle and his braves, leave in a resentful rage. “Why is it that there is always a celebration for him?”
After the music is over, seeing that their sons have arrived home, the rest of the villagers slowly leave, gathering their own sons that have been gone for so long, and return to their own tipi. The evening is full of laughter coming from each family tipi.
After Chief Joseph and Mother Willow have time reacquainting themselves with their son, Blue Cloud says “Father, there is something else that I want to show you,” and lifts a canvas up. “I would be very proud, Father, if you would accept this drum for the village, at our celebration tomorrow night.”
Chief Joseph replies, “This drum is beautiful. Look at the craftsmanship! It’s amazing! Thank you so much, my Son. It is the best drum that I have ever seen.”
“All of your sons helped pick it out. They are so pleased to have you as their Chief.”
“I am proud of all of my sons, especially you Blue Cloud. Know that my love is with you always.”
“Father, I hope you understand when I change the subject. But, I wanted to know how Snow Flower has been while I have been away. Has she ever asked about me?”
“She has asked about you quite often, Blue Cloud,” his father says with a smile.
“In our woman’s circle she always asks me about you, my Son,” Mother Willow adds with a smile.
“I got a flute for her. May I have your permission to take it to her now?”
“Yes, my son,” they both reply.
Blue Cloud walks to the tipi of Snow Flower’s family. Mother Red Rose opens the tipi door. Pretending that this is the first time that she has seen him since his arrival she says, “My son, Blue Cloud, I heard that you had returned. Why have you come to our tipi?”
“Mother Red Rose, I have come to give Snow Flower a gift from my trade route. Do I have your permission to give her this gift?”
“Yes, my Son, let me call her. Snow Flower, Blue Cloud is here and would like to speak with you.”
A very beautiful young Indian maiden walks out of the tipi, dressed in a traditional tribal ankle length dress, with slits up each side to her knees, and matching knee height leather moccasins. Both the dress and moccasins are trimmed with turquoise beads. Her beautiful golden hair frames her gorgeous face and flows to the middle of her back. (Blue Cloud is not the only one that has matured while he has been away.)
“Blue Cloud, it is good to see that you have returned,” greets Snow Flower.
With his eyes as wide as they can get, and his jaw dropped, he says, “I have come to give you a gift, Snow Flower.” He hands her the flute. “I have one that looks the same. But yours has your name on it, and mine has my name on it.”
“It’s a beautiful gift, Blue Cloud. Thank you for your thoughtfulness.”
“Do you remember the Mountain Lion, Snow Flower?”
“Yes.”
“I just thought that if it ever happened again that we could both play our flutes. Maybe it would lie down and listen like the lizards do.”
“And what do we do after the music is over and he comes after us?”
Blue Cloud smiles, “I guess we had better have our bows and arrows ready.”
“You were always in my thoughts while I was gone, Snow Flower.”
“My heart was always with yours, Blue Cloud.”



CHAPTER 9


Jon finally wakes up. “Katherine, how is Evan doing? Has anything changed?” he asks.
“No, nothing has changed. He is still going through different segments of his life. After returning from the latest traditional trade route, both Blue Cloud and Snow Flower have matured into young adults. The love that they have felt for each other all of these years has finally blossomed into something that binds them together.”
“Now a day has passed, giving the tribe time to prepare a celebration for their returning braves. Do you need anything Jon?”
“No, I’m fine. Besides, I want to see the celebration.”

* * *

Blue Cloud approaches his father, Chief Joseph. “Father, I have completed my chores. I am going over by the mesa to play my flute.”
“Be sure to be back to help me bring the drum, and your mother’s food to the center of the village, my Son.”
“I will, Father.”
Blue cloud slowly walks toward the mesa, enjoying the country side he has grown up in. “How I have missed this beautiful land. There is no mesa like this in all the land that I traveled, in these past two years. The air even smells different here.” Arriving at the base of the mesa, he sits down, with his back against the rock wall, and begins to play his flute.
Looking up the mesa wall, he spots two lizards that have come out from under their rock to hear where the calming vibrations are coming from.
“Ah, my brothers, you still like my music, huh? I will make up a song especially for you.” Magical notes come from his flute, as he looks directly at the lizards. Time goes quickly, as he gets lost in his musical creations.
About an hour later, Flying Bird, Snow Flower’s younger cousin, comes to where Blue Cloud is sitting with his eyes closed, lost in his music.
“Blue Cloud, Blue Cloud!” Finally she taps him on the shoulder.
“What? I’m sorry. I didn’t hear you.”
“Blue Cloud, Snow Flower will be going to the great falls soon to get ready for this evening. I thought that you would like to know.”
“Thank you, Flying Bird. I will forever be indebted to you.”
“You can be sure of that,” Flying Bird says to herself as she walks away.
As soon as Flying Bird leaves, Blue Cloud rushes over to a hill, just opposite the Great Falls. He stands behind the tallest tree, in the middle of a grove of trees, just on top. He has chosen this tree, because it has a huge knot hole that he can see through. He positions himself to be able to see Snow Flower, as she swims over to the falls to get clean for the celebration.
As she reaches the falls and stands up, Blue Cloud takes a deep breath. He has never seen anything as beautiful as the body of this woman. Her long hair reaches past her waist in the back, and seems to become even more beautiful as the water falls on the top of her head, dousing the length of her hair. Snow Flower turns around to let the water hit her back. Blue Cloud’s mouth drops.
A group of boys walk by Blue Cloud and ask him what he is doing. He responds, “Nothing!” looking in the opposite direction of where he had been looking the group of boys laugh. They get together and give him a push, laughing as he rolls to the bottom of the hill and lands at the edge of the pond; just as Snow Flower reaches the edge of the water, and is ready to climb out. She looks up and asks, “What are you doing here, Blue Cloud?”
“Actually, I don’t know how I got to the bottom of this hill. It must have been the tricksters in our village,” he answers with an awkward tone, trying to find some type of excuse for being there.
“Will you hand me my blanket, Blue Cloud?” Snow Flower asks.
“Of course, Snow Flower,” he stutters.
“Would you please turn around?” Snow Flower looks at him with a smile, motioning in a circle with the index finger of her right hand.
“What did you say?” Strong emotions were rumbling deep within his heart. He was having trouble concentrating on her words.
“Would you please turn around?” repeating her smile and motion with her finger.
“Oh, of course….” He turns around as Snow Flower wraps the blanket around her body. As she begins to walk up the hill to her tipi, she turns around. With a twinkle in her eye she says, “I’ll see you later tonight, Blue Cloud.” Looking up, he sheepishly smiles as he rubs his side from the pain of the fall.
Blue Cloud stands by the water for a while reminiscing on what has just happened. Then he realizes the time, and races to his own tipi. 
“Mother, Father, is there anything that you need me to do?”
“Yes…” his mother takes a second look at her son. “What happened to you, my Son?” she says in a concerned tone. “I took a tumble down a hill, but I’m all right.” 
Blue Cloud tries to look like he’s just fine, but all he really wants to do is to lie down for a few minutes.
“My Son, as soon as you get dressed, I need your help to carry some of the venison that I have prepared for our celebration.”
“I’ll hurry, Mother.”
“Thank you, my Son.”
As his mother leaves, Blue Cloud walks into their tipi, “Where are my clothes that I bought on the trade route? I want to impress everyone tonight. Come on, where are you?” Quickly looking through his belongings, he finally finds his treasured homecoming celebration outfit, and quickly dresses.
Running to help his parents, he states, “Mother, Father here’s the venison. Is there anything else that you need me to do?”
“Thank you, my Son.” Taking a long look at her son, Mother Willow says, “You have grown into a very handsome brave. Any woman would be glad to have you as a husband.”
“Thank you, Mother. I want to look my best tonight. I am going to dance the Hoop Dance. But, rather than just using one hoop, I will use several. I saw another brave, on our trade route, dancing with several hoops and asked him if he would teach me. It was just at the time that the weather changed from Fall to Winter, so we Wintered together. During that time, he and I practiced every night. I wanted to be able to dance my best when I got home. Hopefully, I will get Snow Flower’s attention.”
“Black Bear beat the drum and chanted for me during that time, just as he will tonight. After the dance I will present the drum to Chief Joseph, for our village.”
“I hope that everything goes as you have planned, my Son.”
“Thank you Mother.”
Chief Joseph stands up. “I think everyone is here. Let’s get started. Tonight our tribal family celebrates the return of our sons from their successful trade expedition. We will eat first, and talk more later in the evening.”
“That’s what we are all here for Chief. Pass the Venison.”
“Yes, Yellow Dog speaks what our stomachs are telling us. Pass the Venison, the Fish, the freshly picked Berries, the wonderful, warm Corn Bread, and whatever else our wonderful women have made for this celebration. Come now and eat. That is except for Walking Turkey. We want something left for everyone else, Walking Turkey. If you will fill your plate last so that everyone else will have something to eat, your tribe will appreciate your kindness.”
“Yes Chief, I’ll wait until everyone else is served. Just make sure that there is something left.”
“Thank you, Walking Turkey. You heard him everyone. He is willing to go last this time so that there is enough for all of you. But only if you make sure that there is something left for him to eat.”
“Why should we leave him something to eat? He didn’t leave anything for us last time.”
“I understand, but today is a new day. We will all start over and share everything that has been brought. Remember, we are all one family and everyone will be treated equally. Are we in agreement?”
“Yes, Chief,” the tribal members say in unison.
Each individual family has brought their own blanket to sit down on the ground as they begin their feast. Conversation and laughter is heard throughout the meal.
“Mother Red Rose, you need to teach me how to make your delicious corn bread. Mine never tastes like yours.”
“You can say that again, Mother Hot Ash. Everything you cook, you burn,” Flying Eagle comments.
“Flying Eagle makes comments that are best kept to himself. I love your Corn Bread Mother Hot Ash. If you would like, I would love to spend time with you. Maybe we could teach each other the different ways of making Corn Bread.”
“I would love to do that, Mother Red Rose.”
“Good. May I have some of Mother Hot Ash’s Corn Bread?”
“Here it comes, Mother Red Rose.”
“Thank you. I will treasure every bite.”
Jumping Rabbit, further over in the corner yells, “Do any of you have any fish?”
“We do,” answers Tribal River. “Would you pass me some?”
“It’s on its way.”
As the fish is passed to Jumping Rabbit, pieces are broken off until there is barely a bite left. 
“Hey, where is the fish that I asked for?”
Looking up surprised, Tribal River says, “I sent it to you. Didn’t you get it?”
“Yes, but by the time that it arrived it wasn’t a large salmon, it was a tiny minnow.”
“Would you like me to send you more?”
“Never mind, I’ll come and get it. I think that I will get a bigger fish that way.”
Laughter erupts from everyone that has taken a piece of the fish as it was being passed to Jumping Rabbit.
After everyone has eaten, it is time for the celebration to start. Chief Joseph opens the ceremony.
“My sons, I would like all of you who have just returned from the trade route to sit up here in a place of honor.” All of the returning twenty braves get up and sit where their Chief has asked them to sit.
With great pride, Chief Joseph says, “I welcome you back from your trade route. As I have looked at all of the items that you have brought back, I have been very pleased with your choices. Our tribe will benefit greatly.”
“As a tribute to our tribe, Blue Cloud, will dance the Hoop Dance and, Black Bear, will beat the drum and chant for him. Blue Cloud and Black Bear, will you come to the center of our tribal ring?”
“We want them to play their guitars,” the tribe begins to chant.
Chief Joseph stands and raises his hands. “Quiet my family…. If you enjoyed the music from their guitars, wait until you see this dance. Watch. Sit. Listen. There will be other times that they can play their guitars for you.”
The tribe becomes quiet in anticipation of the dance that Blue Cloud will dance. Black Bear carries the drum, and positions it, while Blue Cloud takes several hoops spreading them out on the ground.
“What is he going to dance?” Two Bears asks.
“The Hoop Dance,” Mother Walking Bird answers.
“If he is going to dance the Hoop Dance, it is a medicine dance, celebrating the Circle of Life, and is done with one hoop. Why is he putting several hoops out on the ground?” a medicine man questions.
“I don’t know. Let’s watch as our Chief has asked,” comments Two Bears.
Looking up after positioning the drum, Black Bear asks, “Are you ready, Blue Cloud?”
Blue Cloud looks back at him and says, “I am. Start the drum.”
Black Bear begins to beat the drum and chant. Blue Cloud begins his dance. His feet begin to stomp to the beat of the drum, as his body goes from side to side, turning in circles. He picks up the hoops, one at a time, with his feet, maneuvering them from his ankles, to his shoulders back and forth, depending on what he decides to create. “What is he making?”
“…A flying eagle.”
“Wow, I’ve never seen that before.”
“Me, neither….”
“What is it now?”
“…A chief head dress.”
“How does he do that?”
“I don’t know. But if I watch, maybe someday I’ll be able to do the same thing.”
“Blue Cloud has learned many things on this trade route. He is a great asset to our tribe.”
Black Bear continues to beat the drum, and Blue Cloud continues to make several other animals with his hoops. He ends his dance making Mother Earth, leaving all of the hoops in a ball on the ground in front of him.
His tribe is amazed at his dance. “We want to see that again!” they yell.
“Yes, and we want to hear your guitars also,” Two Bears requests.
The tribe continues to holler in appreciation for several minutes.
Looking around at the adoration that the tribe has for Blue Cloud, Flying Eagle and his braves once again leave in a jealous rage.
The Celebration has gone just as Blue Cloud had hoped it would. His tribe enjoyed the new interpretation of the Hoop Dance.
“My tribal brothers, those of you who went on the trade route with me, come into the tribal circle. We will all present this drum to our chief for the whole village, let us all dance together with our families.”
After the drum is presented, Two Bears, and several other braves take over for Black Bear, beating the drum together for the whole village to dance.
Blue Cloud has noticed Snow Flower all evening long, hoping that she would look his way. Finally, he decides to use the fancy steps that he has learned to move so that he is dancing next to her.
“Snow Flower, would you mind if I talked to your mother tonight?” he asks with a nervous voice and questioning eyes.
Snow Flower looks at him with a broad smile, “It is your choice, Blue Cloud,” Snow Flower says as she looks at him with a broad smile.
“I will see you later then?”
“Yes, later Blue Cloud.”
 As Blue Cloud leaves, he looks back admiring Snow Flower as she continues to dance with the tribe.
Walking over to his mother and father, Blue Cloud states, “I have decided to ask Snow Flower to be my wife. Do I have your permission to ask her?”
Mother Willow responds, “My Son, Snow Flower will be a great addition to our family. Your father and I have always loved her.”
Chief Joseph asks, “When are you going to ask her?”
“I want to talk to Mother Red Rose tonight.”
“From the moment we took her from the traders, I could see that she would be a good wife for you. After you ask her mother, let us know what she says.”
Later, as Blue Cloud walks toward Snow Flower’s tipi, he begins to think of how he is going to ask Mother Red Rose. His heart is beating so loudly he is having trouble hearing his thoughts. When he begins to practice what he is going to say, his heart feels like it is in his throat.
“How am I going to be able to talk to her feeling like this?” he wonders.
Mother Red Rose’s tipi is now a short distance from him, “How can my heart feel like it’s in two different places? I feel like it’s in my throat when I think of talking to Mother Red Rose, but I also feel it pounding for Snow Flower. Somehow I have to get the words out so that I can bargain with Mother Red Rose.”
Looking up, he notices, the door to Mother Red Rose’s tipi, “Wow I’m here all ready!” Taking a deep breath, he walks to the door. “Mother Red Rose, may I speak with you?”
“What would you like to talk about, Blue Cloud?”
“I would like to take Snow Flower as my wife.”
“How much are you willing to bargain for her?”
“I am prepared to give three horses.”
Hoping he will offer more for her daughter, she states, “Don’t you think that my daughter is worth more than three horses? Do you remember when she saved your life when you were both younger?”
“I do remember that time, Mother Red Rose. I think that was when I started falling in love with her. But I thought that we were bargaining, not bringing up old memories,” he says with a grin. “What would you say if I offered five horses for Snow Flower?”
“I will accept the five horses along with one of the guitars that you brought back. No one in the village, other than you and Black Bear, has a guitar.”
“You drive a hard bargain, Mother Red Rose! But I would be willing to add a guitar also for the hand of, Snow Flower,” Blue Cloud laughs.
Mother Red Rose announces, “The wedding will be held in two days in the middle of the day, when the sun is high in the sky, down by the falls.”
As Blue Cloud leaves the tipi, he sees Snow Flower watch him from the side of the tipi. They look at each other and smile.
Two days later, the day of the wedding has finally arrived. Early in the morning, Blue Cloud wakes up with a big smile on his face. “Mother, I am going to the falls to clean up for my bride.”
“That is a good beginning for a thoughtful husband, my Son.”
Blue Cloud walks to the falls, and gets into the water.
“Wow, this water is cold.” Swimming over to the falls he quickly washes and swims back to the edge of the pond. Finally out of the water, he puts a blanket around his clean body. Three braves suddenly jump from the bushes grabbing him from behind.
After he is blind folded, he asks, “What are you doing? This is my wedding day. Let me go, tricksters! I have no time for your games.”
“This is no game, Blue Cloud.” Hearing this voice he realizes that he is in big trouble. The braves gag him and take him, while he struggles to free himself. A short distance from the falls where he can’t be seen, the blind fold is taken off, but the gag is left around his mouth and he is tied to a tree. Flying Eagle walks up to his braves and thanks them.
Walking over to Blue Cloud, Flying Eagle says, “My Brother, you will not take my woman and shame me. The whole village knows that I want her for my bride. I will not let you take her. Since you will not be able to show up to your wedding this day, you will shame Snow Flower, and her family. I will then step in, to bring honor back to them.”
Anger is flaring in Blue Cloud’s eyes as well as in his heart. A reflection of all the hurt he has endured throughout his life, because of his older brother.
“Take his gag out, I think that he wants to say something to me.”
As soon as the gag is taken out Blue Cloud pleads, “My brother don’t shame Snow Flower and Mother Red Rose. Let me go. Don’t bring others into our struggles.”
“I’m not doing anything wrong, Blue Cloud. I’m just going to get the wife that I’ve always wanted.”
“Flying Eagle, Snow Flower has made her choice.” Suddenly Flying Eagle’s anger is reflected in his voice.
“Put the gag back in his mouth, I’ve heard enough!” and walks away quite proud of his plan, saying to himself, “This time I will win. I will have the woman that I want. Blue Cloud will never be able to retrieve his honor again. Finally, I will be the honored one.”
Snow Flower had taken her shower at the falls the night before, and today the only thing that she is thinking about is that she wants to look her best for her new husband, not realizing, that if Flying Eagle has his way, the wedding will never take place.
All of the women of the tribe have gathered in Mother Red Rose’s tipi, to give Snow Flower advice on love and marriage:
“Love your husband, Snow Flower.”
“Respect him and honor him. But don’t allow him to treat you with any less honor or respect than what you give to him.”
“We will all teach you how to make clothing and how to cook. Of course, you already know that Mother Red Rose is the best at everything. But we will all teach you what we know also.”
“Snow Flower, do you have any questions?”
“I don’t think so. I just know that I love Blue Cloud and I’ll take it a day at a time.”
Mother Red Rose states, “Something that I would like to add, Snow Flower, is that you should try to laugh together each and every day.”
“Yes, that’s right Snow Flower. Your mother is right. When you laugh, it helps all the pain that comes into your life, to go away.”
“Treat each new day as if it’s a new beginning. Bring only the good of the previous day into it.”
After a full morning of advice and preparation for her wedding, Snow Flower says, “Thank you my Mothers. Will you walk with me to the falls now? We will meet our men there.”
“We’re ready, Snow Flower. Lead the way.”
Snow Flower and all the women, arrive at the falls. Looking around, she questions, “Where is Blue Cloud?”
“We haven’t seen him.”
“The Chief isn’t here either. Maybe they are together.” Black Bear has been gathering berries to give to the new couple as a wedding gift. Putting them in his pouch, he hears that Blue Cloud hasn’t arrived yet. He goes to Chief Joseph’s tipi and asks, “Chief Joseph, have you seen my friend, Blue Cloud?”
“The last time I saw him, he said that he was going to the falls so that he would be clean for his bride. He must not be back yet, because his clothes are still here.”
Black Bear picks up Blue Cloud’s clothes and walks away from the tipi. He hears Flying Eagle talking and laughing with his friends as they stand with their backs to him.
“Finally, my day has come. Blue Cloud will not show up to his wedding and I will have my woman back.”
This is the first time that he has seen Flying Eagle laugh since he and the other braves had arrived home from the trade route. “What does he mean that Blue Cloud won’t show up for his wedding?” His heart is telling him that something has happened to Blue Cloud.
Black Bear walks back down to the falls to see if Blue Cloud is there yet. As soon as he arrives, there is a sense that something has happened. There are several foot prints on the shore of the pond opposite from where the wedding party has gathered.
Following the foot prints as they go up the ridge and over a small hill away from the village, he hears the growl of a black bear coming from the direction that the foot prints are heading.
Running as fast as he can, following the foot prints, he continues to hear distraught growling. Hiding behind a tree he is horrified at what he sees. A huge black bear is on it’s hind legs growling at Blue Cloud, who is tied up to a tree. Unexpectedly he hears another sound, the sound of cubs calling for their mother. He looks up to where the sounds are coming from. The cubs are at the top of the tree where Blue Cloud is tied and gagged.
Blue Cloud spots Black Bear watching behind a tree. He begins to make muffled sounds moving his head in a manner to tell his tribal brother to leave him. That he will accept whatever happens to him.
But Black Bear will not leave his friend, his tribal brother. Without warning, he remembers a vision he had had the previous night where he was with a kindred spirit. And even though he was with an animal, the animal understood what he said to it.
Black Bear begins to speak “My brother black bear. My name is Black Bear. We are kindred spirits. This is my friend, Blue Cloud. He intends no harm to you, or to your cubs. And I would never harm a kindred spirit. If you will eat these berries while I untie my friend, we will leave, and your cubs will return to you.”
Black Bear throws the berries that he has in his pouch toward the grizzly. The bear comes off of its hind legs to eat the berries. While she is eating, Black Bear cautiously walks over to Blue Cloud, unties him, and both of them slowly walk backwards until they are behind several bushes and out of sight.
“Are you ok?” Black Bear asks Blue Cloud.
“Yes. It was Flying Eagle and his friends,” he said angrily. “When I return to our village, I will take care of him.”
“Blue Cloud, this is your wedding day,” Black Bear reminds him. “Do not do anything that will bring bad memories to your bride on this day. Here are your clothes.”
“Thank you, Black Bear. You are correct in what you say. I’ll put on my pants and shoes. Then we’ll run as fast as we can to my wedding.”
“Yes. I think that we had better hurry. Everyone has been waiting there for quite some time.”
The wedding party is about to leave when Blue Cloud runs to the top of the ridge and yells, “I’m here!”
He runs down to the falls, while putting on his shirt. As he approaches Snow Flower, she sees a gash above his right eye. She lifts her hand to touch his eye, while sadly looking at him.
“Oh, it’s nothing,” Blue Cloud says. At this moment, he is so happy he can feel no pain. He could see no one except his beautiful bride.
Snow Flower had grown into the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. On this important day, she was wearing a white deer skin wedding dress, beaded with turquoise and matching knee high moccasins. Dangling in her long blond hair was a colorful, blue and gold Macaw feather that Blue Cloud had brought back from his travels.
Blue Cloud’s shirt was also made of white deer skin, beaded with turquoise. Black Bear quickly tied several blue and gold Macaw feathers onto the ends of Blue Clouds braids that pulled back his long dark hair from the sides of his face. The rest of his beautiful dark hair flowed to the middle of his back, moving gracefully, as a slight wind blew.
Blue Cloud and Snow Flower are a beautiful couple. But in their wedding clothes, they are stunning. At this moment Blue Cloud only has eyes for his bride. Black Bear, on the other hand, is watching Flying Eagle and his braves.
At the end of the ceremony, the wedding party walks back to the village.
Chief Joseph comments, “That was a beautiful ceremony.”
“Yes. I loved having the falls in the back ground. That’s my most favorite place in the world,” responded Mother Red Rose.
As everyone is talking, Blue Cloud announces to the village, “Come with us to the center of the village. There will be dancing for everyone.”
While Blue Cloud and Snow Flower are dancing, Blue Cloud leans over and whispers, “I need to tell you something.” 
Snow Flower looks up to him and says, “Yes?”
“The day that you found me at the bottom of the hill by the falls, I had watched you in the water, through a knot hole in a tree up on the ridge. Maybe we should cut the tree down so that other braves will not do what I did.”
Snow Flower looks up at Blue Cloud and says “I knew that you were there. How do you think that all of the young women in our tribe get the men they want, to ask them to marry them?” She leans in to whisper, “It is a secret among the women and married men. We send our younger sisters or cousins to let you know that we have gone to the falls. After you see us at the falls, you are willing to pay a price that our parents will accept. You are happy because you bought a bride of your own choosing. Our parents are happy because their daughter has brought them great wealth. In this way our two families are content. When we have contented families we have a happy tribe,” Snow Flower smiles.
While he looks around at all of the newly married brides, they look over at him and smile. He smiles back at them, and then laughs at himself, finally realizing how his new bride has charmed him into asking for her hand quicker than he would have asked.
That night, Flying Eagle quietly leaves his tribe feeling that he has been shamed.
After their wedding, and as the months go by, Blue Cloud and Snow Flower can always be seen smiling at each other and laughing.
“Are you happy my Son?” Chief Joseph asks Blue Cloud. “I am very happy, Father. Have I told you that we plan on trying to have a baby?”
“I am happy for you, my Son. Children are a great blessing to any marriage. May your efforts be realized.”
The extreme excitement that Blue Cloud is experiencing makes the screen flicker as he remembers Snow Flower as she begins to show from her recent pregnancy. Blue Cloud is standing behind Snow Flower with his arms around her belly as they watch the sun set. Her hands are on his hands, with her head leaning back on his shoulder and into his neck.
“Jon, look over at Evan. He has a big smile on his face.”
“This is really a happy time for him.”

* * *

With each new week, Snow Flower is showing more and more as the baby within her continues to grow.
Blue Cloud bends down to talk to Snow Flower’s belly, “Hello, this is your father, I love you.”
Snow Flower smiles, “Maybe the baby would like to hear you play your guitar.”
“Ok. Why don’t you lie down and rest while I play?”
“That sounds really nice, Blue Cloud. My back is starting to hurt.”
Blue Cloud plays his guitar.
“Look, Blue Cloud.” Small feet and hands can be seen pushing out the sides of her belly. “It’s dancing to your music.” A great amount of laughing can be heard coming from their tipi, as they continue to watch the tiny feet and hands making their impressions with the beat of the music.
Two months later, early in the morning, Snow Flower is awakened from a deep sleep by a strange, very strong, tightening pain in her abdominal area.
“Ohhhhh,” Snow Flower moans in pain.
Her moaning wakes Blue Cloud up, “Snow Flower, what is wrong?”
“I think that it’s time.”
“…The baby?” Blue Cloud’s voice raised as his eyes widened. Had the time truly come? He had been so anxious to have their first child. He was wondering at this point if he was really ready to become a father.
“There is so much to teach a child as it grows. Will I be able to teach my child well enough so that the child can take care of itself? Will it be a boy, or a girl? Will it be healthy? And will my wife be alright?” There were so many questions swimming around in his head when Snow Flower, in a great deal of pain, says, “Blue Cloud. Please go and get Mother Red Rose.”
Blue Cloud throws back the buffalo hide, which covered them both, and walks toward the tipi door.
“Blue Cloud, I think that you should at least wear your loin cloth, don’t you?” Snow Flower utters with a questioning smile.
He looks down and feels the cold on his bare skin. He quickly grabs his loin cloth and runs to Mother Red Rose’s tipi. Within a few minutes, Mother Red Rose is by Snow Flower’s side.
“Don’t fight the pain, Snow Flower. Let your body do its job,” Mother Red Rose suggests. “As soon as you feel your stomach tightening, concentrate on relaxing. Go inside to your inner strength. Tune out all the other sounds. Do not talk. Just close your eyes. Breathe slowly, and concentrate on completely relaxing.”
“Blue Cloud, put Snow Flower’s head on your lap and remind her to breathe slowly and concentrate on relaxing, because she will forget to breathe as the pains progressively get harder and faster.”
She continues talking to Snow Flower. “If you fight the contractions, the birth will be harder on you and on your baby. It will take a lot longer to give birth.”
Hours later, as the contractions continue to increase, Blue Cloud’s back is beginning to hurt from sitting for so long. But, he begins to think to himself, “What must Snow Flower be feeling after these many hours?” He was in no pain well, except for a rock that he had been sitting on. But his wife was in true pain, a pain that she had no control over that seemed to be getting worse. He was beginning to gain a new respect for his wife. Particularly because her sweet nature continued, no matter how hard the pains became. Finally, Snow Flower began making a deep moaning sound, as she tried to relax with each contraction.
“Mother Red Rose, why is she making that sound?” Blue Cloud said in a very concerned tone.
Mother Red Rose responded, “The moaning lets us know that the baby will soon be born.” Within minutes the baby’s head is crowning and the whole body soon follows.
“Why isn’t he crying, Mother Red Rose?” Blue Cloud asks.
Mother Red Rose quickly turns the baby over on it’s side. She cleans out his mouth with her finger, squeezes his nose, and pats his back, hoping to get the rest of the mucus out. She then ties a string around the cord in two places and cuts in between them. The baby begins to cry.
“It’s a boy, Blue Cloud, a beautiful, healthy boy. Listen to his cry. He’s got a healthy set of lungs.” Mother Red Rose announces, “Here is your son, Blue Cloud,” as she wraps the baby tightly in a warm, clean, small blanket, and hands him to his father.
“Look, Snow Flower, our son,” and he places the baby in Snow Flower’s arms.
“…My sweet, little son. May you always know that whatever happens, your mother will always love you.” Kissing her son, she hands him back to her husband.
“May I take him out to show everyone who has gathered outside our tipi door?” Blue Cloud says, excited to show off his new son.
“Yes, my husband. Show off our son,” Snow Flower said relieved to have everything over with.
Blue Cloud proudly shows off his son. “He will be called, Running Deer,” he announces to everyone outside their tipi, as he holds up his son so that everyone can see him.
As Blue Cloud is basking in the sun, at the birth of his first son, Snow Flower is starting to feel more contractions.
“Mother Red Rose there is still life within me. I am beginning to feel more contractions.”
“Are you sure? It may just be the after birth,” comments Mother Red Rose unconcerned.
Snow Flower begins to give a low moan. Then she relaxes and takes a breath. “Mother Red Rose, it is the same as before,” Snow Flower announces between contractions.
Mother Red Rose feels Snow Flower’s stomach as another contraction comes and goes. Suddenly she feels a kick. “Blue Cloud, come here quickly,” Mother Red Rose yells very concerned.
Blue Cloud hands his son to Mother Willow and Chief Joseph. He enters the tipi as Mother Red Rose asks him to take his position once again, and help Snow Flower to relax.
“What is going on, Mother Red Rose?” a confused Blue Cloud asks.
“You are having another baby.”
“What?” Blue Cloud’s head is trying to make sense, another baby? No one in the whole village has had two babies at the same time.
Suddenly, Snow Flower requests, “Would both of you please be quiet? Another contraction is coming. I need to concentrate so that I can relax.”
Snow Flower begins to moan again and a head appears. With the next contraction, the body slides out.
“It’s another boy. You have two sons, my children,” Mother Red Rose announces with a great smile. She begins to wrap the second boy, in a blanket, when all of a sudden, there is fluid, being sprayed everywhere. “Well, we know that that works,” Mother Red Rose says with a smile. Snow Flower and Blue Cloud are also laughing as Mother Red Rose hands the second son to Blue Cloud.
“Snow Flower, I am the happiest man in the world. How are you feeling? Do you feel any more life within your body?” 
“I think that this time I am finished, Husband,” she announces with relief and gratitude. Blue Cloud, placed their second son in Snow Flower’s arms. She says, “Know also, my Son that your mother will always love you no matter what happens.” She kisses her son, and hands him to her husband.
“Would you mind, my Wife, if I took our second son out to show our family?”
“I would be proud to have you show everyone our second son. But, before you do, have you noticed that both of our sons have a mark of the star on their heart, just as you do my husband?”
“Yes, I noticed. They will be protected in the day by the Sun, and during the night, the mark of the star on their hearts will show them the way.”
Blue Cloud proudly walks to the tipi door and shows off his second son. “His name will be, Gray Wolf.”
Chief Joseph stands and announces, “To all of you gathered here today, know that Running Deer and Gray Wolf are my first grandsons from my second son, Blue Cloud. We are to all help Blue Cloud and Snow Flower protect them, and teach them the ways of our tribe.”

* * *

“I didn’t know that Evan had any children. I wonder where they are.” Julia questions.
“I’m sure that is something that the monitor will show us,” Jon remarks.
“Look, his sons are walking now. It must be at least a year, to a year and a half later.”

* * *

Running Deer and Gray Wolf have learned how to walk, though sometimes they are rather unsteady. Gray Wolf has found a bird’s nest on the ground, and brings it to his mother.
Looking at his mother, Gray Wolf raises the nest in his small hands as high as he can, “Bwirdie…mmm Bwirdie”
Blue Cloud has just arrived on his horse and is tying the reins to a tree. “Blue Cloud,” Snow Flower calls. “Look at what Gray Wolf has found.”
Blue Cloud takes his son into his arms. “What have you found, Gray Wolf?”
“Bwirdie.”
“Come here, Running Deer. Look at what Gray Wolf has found.” He tells his sons, “This is a very beautiful bird’s nest. Do you see how it is a circle?”
Bending at his knees, Blue Cloud lowers closer to the ground as he draws a circle in the dirt.
“Poke your fingers in the dirt like this.” Blue Cloud pushes his fingers into the dirt to show them what to do. Tracing the imprints that Running Deer and Gray Wolf make, Blue Cloud continues, “You see, it’s a circle. It is round.  It begins and ends in the same place. Push your fingers into the dirt again.”
Running Deer and Gray Wolf make several imprints in the dirt.
“What great circles you have both made. Remember my Sons, that everything is a circle. Our drums, which make the sound of our hearts, are circles. The Sun, Moon, and Mother Earth are circles.” He points to the Sun, puts his hand on the dirt, and finally puts his hand on his heart, “Our life is a circle.”
Blue Cloud continues talking and teaching his sons. But what he says is only between them, for it is the way of their tribe.
Time goes quickly, and soon the twins are three years old. Running Deer and Gray Wolf seem mature for their years. Wherever they go, they don’t walk, they run. “Father, watch to see which one of us gets to the big tree the fastest,” Running Deer says as he starts running. Gray Wolf sees that his brother has already begun the race. Moving as quickly as he can, Gray Wolf reaches the tree at the same time as his brother.
“My sons are very fast,” Blue Cloud states as his chest is pushed out. “But, I’m hungry right now. Are you hungry?”
“Yes, Father. I am very hungry,” Running Deer says between his deep breaths.
“So am I, Father,” Gray Wolf says breathing very deeply. 
Blue Cloud smiles at his son’s response and says, “Let’s go to your mother and see what there is to eat.” He looks down at them. “Who do you think can get to the tipi the fastest?” He runs slowly so that his sons can stay close to him.
 Snow Flower, glad to see her men, greets them with “Are you ready to eat?”
“That’s why we have come. What is there to eat, woman?” Blue Cloud loudly boasts, smiling as he teases his wife.
Quickly grabbing their food with their hands, Blue Cloud reprimands Running Deer and Gray Wolf saying, “Wait, I know that you are hungry, but we must always thank the food before we eat it,” Blue Cloud chides them.
The boys put down their venison. Their father begins, “My Brother, thank you for your sacrifice. We honor your courage.” He then makes a gesture with his index and middle fingers on his right hand, from his eye to the venison, to signify tears coming from his right eye. “My Sons, this animal is our brother. He has given his life, so that we can have life. Do you understand what I am saying?”
“Yes, Father.”
“Remember, do not waste anything that you take. Go ahead, you can eat now.”
“Thank you, Father.”
“Mother, may we have some venison?”
“Yes, my beautiful Sons.”
Blue Cloud and Snow Flower live, love and continue to teach Running Deer and Gray Wolf, the way of the tribe. Seasons quickly change, soon their sons are in their fourth year. 
“Father, will you show us how to shoot a bow and arrow?” Gray Wolf asks.
“Yes, Father. We have watched you shoot your bow and arrow. We both feel that we are old enough to learn,” Running Deer adds.
“I would be glad to teach you, my Sons,” Blue Cloud responds.
As a proud father, Blue Cloud fashions two bows and several arrows for his young sons. “Here is your bow. Your mother made a quiver for each of you, and we both filled them with several arrows.”
“Come with me. I’ll teach you how to shoot them.” Proudly they go with their father to the end of the village.
“Why have we come here, Father?” Gray Wolf asks. “We want everyone to see what great warriors we are when we shoot our arrows,” Running Deer states.
“You will see why soon enough, my Sons,” he answers with a smile.
Blue Cloud begins to make a target. Not wanting to wait, both boys begin to get their arrows ready to shoot.
“Ah, wait a minute, my Sons. Let me get behind you.”
“I can get that target Father,” Running Deer proudly declares.
“Yes, Father. We’ve seen you shoot your arrow a lot further than that,” Gray Wolf proudly says.
“Nevertheless, I would like you to start out at this distance. Then, as your arrows hit their mark, we will put the target further and further away.” Blue Cloud stabilizes the target of two medium sized logs, tied together and leaned against another standing tree. He moves so he is behind his sons.
“All right, now shoot your arrows my Sons,” he says with a huge smile.
Running Deer and Gray Wolf stand like they have seen their father stand. They put the backs of the arrows into the bowstring and pull it back, just like they have seen their father do. They both look back at their father. With their stance they both seem to be saying, “See, we told you that we could do it!” Together they let go of their bowstring.
“Hey, what happened?” the boys question. Both of their arrows were lying on the ground next to their feet.
“Let’s try it again,” a determined Gray Wolf declares. “Yea,” an even more determined Running Deer agrees. Blue Cloud is behind his sons, trying to not let them see him laughing. He remembers what it was like, when he first started to learn to shoot his own bow and arrow.
As Snow Flower is bringing her washing back from the stream, Blue Cloud sees her out of the corner of his eye and motions for her to come. She walks over and puts her basket of washing down, as she stands next to her husband.
“Listen, Snow Flower,” Blue Cloud whispers with a chuckle.
“Why is my arrow pointing to the ground?” Gray Wolf says with a great deal of curiosity.
“What’s the matter Gray Wolf can’t you see where the target is?” Running Deer taunts his brother just as he pulls back his arrow to shoot. The arrow barely passes the bow and falls to the ground.
“What has happened to your strength, my Brother?” Gray Wolf returns the taunt.
Blue Cloud and Snow Flower are secretly laughing so hard at the antics of their sons as they are try to figure out how to get their arrows to hit the target. Blue Cloud finally takes a breath and tries to look serious.
“Would you like some help, my Sons?”
“Yes, Father,” they both say slowly and dejectedly with their heads down and arms to their sides.
“My Sons, do not be sad. Every great warrior starts out the same way that you have.”
They both look up at their father. “Is that right, Father?” Gray Wolf asks.
“We haven’t shamed you?” a concerned Running Deer inquires.
“My Sons, you have made me proud. Both of you have actually done a lot better than I did when I was first learning.”
“Are you telling the truth Father?”
“Yes Father, are you really telling the truth?” they both ask with questioning eyes.
Blue Cloud walks over to his sons and kneels down so that he is eye to eye with them, “Yes, my Sons. With what I have seen you do this morning, you will both become great warriors.”
He stands up and walks in between both of them and rubs their heads. Then he steps in front of them and draws a straight line from right to left in the dirt.
“My Sons, put your toes up to the line that I have just drawn.” Both boys walk up to the line, look down and put their toes up to the line.
“Now, put your right foot back to where you can stand with the toes of your right foot pointed out to your right, just where it is comfortable, and then look toward me.”
“Hold your bow almost in the center with your left hand. Put your arrow in the bowstring, and let the shaft of your arrow rest next to the bow, just above your left hand. Your arrow should be at the center of the bow, on the right hand side.” Looking at his boys he says, “Good job, Running Deer.
Put your left hand just a little bit higher on your bow, Gray Wolf.”
Blue Cloud grabs his bow and arrow and shows them what he wants them to do, as he continues talking. “All Right, now lift your head and face your target. Raise your left hand, your bow arm, keeping it locked. Pull the bowstring back with your right hand until it is next to your cheek, and your index finger is almost touching the corner of your mouth. Take a breath and aim.”
Realizing where he is standing, Blue Cloud says, “Hold your stance for just a minute while I walk behind you.” And he hurries to get behind them while Snow Flower is now laughing quietly to herself.
“Release your bowstring and arrow at the same time. Don’t move your bow from your intended target until the arrow has cleared the bow.”
The boys let go of their arrow and bowstring at the same time. With both of their arrows clearing the bow, they almost hit their target.
Looking back to their Father, Blue Cloud says, “Don’t worry, it won’t be long until you hit the target. Now, there’s something else that I want to tell you. If you are hunting, you can hold your shooting pose until the arrow hits its target. But if you are in battle, your aim must be straight, and you must move quickly. Be sure to practice shooting your arrows using both of these techniques. He turns to Snow Flower and says, “Snow Flower our Sons are starting to grow up.”
“They are, my Husband. And with a father like you they will grow up to be great warriors,” she says with pride.
Blue Cloud walks over to Snow Flower and holds her hand with pride as they both continue to watch their sons shoot their arrows.

* * *

“Their sons are very skilled, Jon. Look at how quickly they learned to use their bows,” Julia said very impressed. “But, then again, Evan learns very quickly. So why wouldn’t his sons be the same way?”
“They look like him, don’t they Katherine?”
“Yes. They are so cute.”

* * *

“My Sons, would you like to ride on my horse with me?” Blue Cloud asks.
“Yes, Father, we would love to,” they both respond with excitement.
They get on his horse and ride to where Snow Flower is talking to her friends.
“Snow Flower, come and ride with us,” Blue Cloud proudly asks his wife.
“I’ve got to go, my dear friends. My family needs me, see you later.”
Blue Cloud dismounts his horse to help his wife get on. “There you are, my Wife, right behind your sons. Move forward, Running Deer and Gray Wolf, make room for your father.”
“It’s all right Father. You can run behind us,” Running Deer laughs.
Smiling Blue Cloud says, “That’s fine my son. I’d rather ride with my family. I’ll ride just behind your mother, and hold onto the reins.” Blue Cloud loves to ride through the village showing off his family and waving to his friends.
That night, as they are all asleep in their tipi, it begins to rain. Later, there is a great deal of thunder rumbling through the clouds and reverberating against the mountains.
“…Father.  Father, what is that loud noise? It’s hurting my ears!”
“It’s coming closer, Father.”
“Don’t worry, my Sons. It’s something that comes with the rain. It will go away soon.” 
Instead, the thunder and lightning continues to grow in intensity.
“I’m going to sleep with Mother and Father,” Gray Wolf cries to Running Deer.
“You’re not going without me,” Running Deer says as he jumps out of his bed and runs, between the sounds of the rumbling thunder. Gray Wolf follows closely behind.
“What is that noise?” Running Deer asks his Father.
“Yes, Father, that noise is scaring us,” adds Gray Wolf. 
“Boys, you don’t have to worry. It’s just Grandfather Thunder Beings,” Blue Cloud reassures his sons. 
“That’s Grandfather?” Running Deer asks.
“Yes. You see there’s nothing to be afraid of my Sons,” Blue Cloud reassures them.
“Well, if that’s all that it is, I’m going back to my own bed,” announces Gray Wolf.
Not wanting his younger brother to look braver than he is Running Deer acts in response. “If you’re going, then I’m going also.”
Snow Flower quietly says to Blue Cloud, “Now, what are you going to do if they say anything to Grandfather?”
“What do you mean? It is Grandfather Thunder Beings.”
“I know. But the way that you told them, they think that it is their Grandfather, Chief Joseph, not Grandfather Thunder Beings, Grandfather of the Thunder.”
“We have our own bed back to ourselves. Isn’t that nice, woman-of-mine?” Blue Cloud quietly says with a huge smile.
“Yes, I am glad husband. But if anything happens, you get to deal with it.”
“I’ll take care of it. Now come over here, woman. I’m scared of the sounds of the thunder.”
“Don’t be afraid, Father. It’s just grandfather,” Gray Wolf reports.
“Yes, Father, don’t be afraid. And would you please talk quietly? Between you and Grandfather, I’m having a hard time getting back to sleep,” Running Deer informs his parents.
“I guess I was talking too loudly,” Blue Cloud laughingly says, as a scolding to himself. Snow Flower and Blue Cloud both laugh and then snuggle together.
Morning arrives with a clear sky and warm bright sun.
Running Deer rolls out of his bed and runs to his parents. “Get up. It’s time to get up. It’s day time. The sun is up.
Gray Wolf adds, “Yes. Let’s go check on our horses.”
“You’re right my sons. It is time to get up. Would you please hand me my loin cloth?”
Running Deer questions, “Why don’t you wear your loin cloth to bed, Father?”
“It’s warmer that way,” Blue Cloud sheepishly responds. 
“It is? I’m going to try that,” announces Running Deer since he wants to be just like his father.
“Me too, I was cold last night,” reports Gray Wolf.
Snow Flower and Blue Cloud look at each other, not knowing what to say next.
“I’ll take our sons to check on our horses. We’ll be back for our morning meal, my beautiful woman.”
“I’ll get it ready, Blue Cloud. See you all in a little bit.” Snow Flower waves to them as they leave the tipi. The twins and their father look back, and wave to Snow Flower.
Blue Cloud, Running Deer and Gray Wolf start walking toward their horses. Suddenly, Blue Cloud remembers what happened last night and talking to himself, he says, “What if I see Grandfather? We’ve got to walk another way so that we don’t walk past his tipi.” Blue Cloud continues to think of a way to get past Grandfather’s tipi without the boys seeing him. “Maybe he’ll still be sleeping. Sometimes he sleeps in. Or maybe I should cut between the tipi’s and walk behind them.”
His thinking has taken longer than he thought it would. Suddenly he and his sons are in front of Grandfather’s tipi. As luck would have it, Chief Joseph suddenly opens his tipi door and looks outside into the bright sun. It is too late. The boys see their grandfather.
Gray Wolf says, “Grandfather, you were sure loud last night.”
“…Yes, Grandfather, you scared us” Running Deer adds.
Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, Grandfather is trying to see who is talking to him. “What did you say?” he questions.
Blue Cloud continues to walk looking at his father with his eyes wide open, his lips pushed together, while his hands and shoulders form a nonchalant shrug. “I don’t know what they are talking about, Father.”
All the time Blue Cloud is acting in this way, he is thinking, “Walk faster boys! Quit talking, just walk faster.” Suddenly he says, “You know what, boys? Walk faster, and then we’ll surprise your mother by being back sooner than she expects us to be.”
“That’s a great idea, Father. Let’s hurry so that we can surprise mother,” they both answer.
They quickly reach their horses, walking around them to make sure that they are all there. On the way home, Blue Cloud takes his sons the long way around the backside of all of the Tribal tipi’s so that hopefully they will forget about the thunder by the time they see their grandfather again.
When they return back to their tipi, Running Deer says, “Did we surprise you Mother?”
“Surprise me?”
“Yes, we got back sooner than you thought we would,” Grey Wolf explains.
“Oh, yes. You sure surprised me. I was wondering who was coming to our tipi so early in the morning because I thought that you would still be with our horses,” she said with a smile.
Sitting down for breakfast, the twins look at each other with excited smiles on their faces, “We surprised Mother Snow Flower!”
After breakfast the boys go out to do their chores. Snow Flower reminds Blue Cloud, “Husband, there is a celebration tomorrow. Did you remember that you and your sons are supposed to dance?”
“Thank you, Snow Flower for reminding me of the dance. I’ll go ask them right now.”



CHAPTER 10


Blue Cloud finds his sons, “What dance would you boys like to dance tomorrow night?”
“The Eagle Dance, the Eagle Dance,” they both repeat over and over again.
“Maybe we could get some of our other brothers to dance with us. Would you like that?”
“That sounds like a great idea, Father,” Running Deer answers smiling from ear to ear.
“Are you going to ask grandfather to dance with us?” a concerned Gray Wolf asks.
“Yes, I thought that I would,” Blue Cloud respectively states.
“But what if he scares everyone, Father?”
Blue Cloud pats Gray Wolf’s head. “I’ll talk to him about all of that noise.” 
“Thank you Father,” Gray Wolf says with a sigh.
“I was afraid of that also, Father,” Running Deer sighs. “Thank you.”
Returning to Snow Flower to tell her of the dance they had chosen, he begins to laugh as he talks, “They were all excited when I asked them if I should ask some of our other brothers to dance with us. Then Gray Wolf, well, actually both of them, were afraid that if their Grandfather were dancing with us, that he might scare them with his noise.”
“Blue Cloud, stop laughing, you’ve got to talk to your sons about thunder, and let them know of the Thunder God, making sure that they know that it’s not Chief Joseph, their grandfather, that makes the noise,” Snow Flower, says very concerned. “He is our Chief and they need to respect him, not to be afraid of him.”
“I know, I know, woman. Give me a few days and I’ll sit down with them and explain everything,” Blue Cloud respectfully assures his wife.

* * *

Evan begins to remember the birth of his sons again. The monitor seems to be showing parts of Evan’s life, as Blue Cloud, that he has already worked through.
“Daniel, Evan has returned to the birth of his sons. What is going on?” Julia asks.
Daniel answers, “Many times a patient is not ready to go to the next step. They prefer to return to specific, secure days that they want to relive, over and over again. I think that is what, Evan, is doing now.”
“Do you think that he will ever go to the next step?”
“It’s up to the patient, Julia. Sometimes it takes an hour or two. Or, it may take days. It just depends on what is happening in the next step.”
Julia watches for the rest of the day as, Evan continues to relive his days of happiness. Later that night, the doors of the beach house suddenly close and lock.
Wanting to find Daniel, Julia leaves the room that she has been sitting in with Jon. “Daniel, what is happening?” Julia asks, very alarmed.
“Someone is trying to breach the perimeter,” Daniel states.
“How can you tell?” Julia questions, “I didn’t hear anything.
“There isn’t any sound. The color frequencies that protect our Beach House automatically change their strength, and secure our clinic,” Daniel responds calmly.
“Is there any danger?” Julia asks concerned. “Don’t worry for yourself. I’d worry more for the intruder. No one has ever gotten past our white and golden protective frequencies.”
“Why did the frequencies close the windows and doors of the Beach House then?”
“It’s more for the comfort of our patients. This procedure allows our clients to continue their recuperation without interruption. It allows my staff and me to do what we need to do to protect our Beach House, out of sight of anyone else.”
“Is there something that we are not supposed to see, Daniel?” she continues to question.
“No. If you choose, you can see anything that you want to see. And you can go anywhere that you want to go. Julia we have nothing to hide,” he assures her. “Where is Evan, or should I call him Blue Cloud, in his life now?”
“He is teaching his sons how to shoot their bows and arrows again.”
“That was a happy time for him, wasn’t it?” Daniel questions.
“Yes, he seems to be very happy.”
“Would you mind staying with Jon, and Evan? I’ll be back soon.”
“I’ll be right here with my men, Daniel,” Julia says with a smile.
“Be sure to call, Treysen, if you need anything. I’ve put him in charge of the clinic, on the inside, during this time.”
“Ok.” 
Julia returns to Jon, and Evan. 
Daniel walks down the deck steps to talk to his staff.
“Martin, have you seen anything?” he asks.
“I haven’t. But Lawrence said that he saw an arm penetrate the first line of frequency, and quickly retract.”
“Do we have any visuals?” Daniel asks.
“Yes. It’s a man, dark skinned, with dark piercing eyes.”
Martin projects an image into Daniel’s mind.
“Ah, I have met him before. He got here quicker than I thought he would. Continue patrolling. Let me know if you see anything Martin.”
“Yes, Sir….”
“Thank you, Martin.”
“You’re welcome, Daniel.”
The night seemed longer for Jon and Julia because the doors and windows remained shut and Evan’s life continued to rewind over and over again. His wedding, the day the twins were born, the days he would ride through the village with his family on his horse, teaching his sons to dance the eagle dance, to shoot their bows, and then it would rewind over and over again in no particular order.
“Jon, I’m really concerned for Evan. What do you think that he is afraid to face? Look at his face. There’s no smile. It’s more like sadness and depression, with a kind of gloom coming over him. What do you think is happening?”
“I think that he is trying to hold onto the joy that he has experienced with his family. The next step is so painful; he doesn’t want to face it, Katherine.”
UNEXPECTEDLY THE MONITOR GOES BLANK!
 “Treysen, Treysen. Where is Daniel?” Julia yells.
“He just came in from outside, Julia.”
“What is happening?” Daniel asks.
“The monitor just went blank!” Julia loudly states.
 “Ah, have you had anything to eat?” he asks.
Julia looks at him wondering if he had really heard what she had just said. Daniel looks back at Julia, with a compassionate, all knowing look. Treysen quickly appears with food for Jon and Julia. Daniel instructs the staff to make sure that Evan is given something to strengthen him also.
“Jon, I’m very confused with, Daniel’s response.”
“I think that we need to trust, Daniel. When he asks you to eat, then eat. When he asks you to rest, follow his instructions and rest. Later you will understand why he has asked you to do those things. I’m sure, from all of his experience, he knows what is happening but doesn’t have time to fully explain it to us.”
Enjoying their meal, while they continue to watch Evan, Jon and Julia finally fall asleep.
 A few hours later Julia is awakened by the sound of drums beating. Quietly, she gets up and looks over to Evan’s room. Startled, she sees an older couple, dressed in traditional Indian clothing, standing by Evan’s bed, talking to him. As she gets up to walk over to his room, the couple disappears. Turning to Jon, she says, “Jon. Jon, wake up.”

* * *

“The drums are calling the tribe. Are you ready to go, Mother?” Gray Wolf asks Snow Flower.
“Yes, my Son. Get Running Deer, and call your Father.”
Blue Cloud comes out of the tipi wearing his best ceremonial clothes. As he looks at Snow Flower, he sees his beautiful wife, wearing the dress that she wore on their wedding day. “Look at us. Don’t we make an attractive couple, Snow Flower?” Blue Cloud says proudly.
“Yes, husband. We do,” Snow Flower responds very proudly.
“And look at our two little Eagles. They are already squatting down, flapping their wings and screeching.”
“You have taught them well, they will be the smallest, and cutest, Eagles dancing tonight.”
Blue Cloud looks at Snow Flower. “You have made me so happy. We have such a beautiful family.” Smiling as they gaze into each others eyes, Blue Cloud quickly comes to his senses. “We had better hurry or we will be late.”
As they reach the tribal gathering place, they look around at everyone.
“Look, little ones. There is grandfather, Chief Joseph. Would you like to go stand by him?”
“No father, not today. Not until you talk to him about being so loud,” Gray Wolf says shyly.
“No Father, he scares me,” Running Deer says boldly. 
Snow Flower looks at Blue Cloud and quietly says, “I hope you take care of this soon.”
“Don’t worry everyone. I’ll talk to him tomorrow!” Blue Cloud says with a laugh. “But tonight, let’s have fun.”
Everyone in their tribe has been able to make it to the festivities. There is plenty of food, including Mother Red Rose’s famous Corn Bread, Tribal River’s fish and, of course, Walking Turkey waits until everyone else has gathered what they are going to eat, and then he gathers what he is going to eat, still leaving plenty for everyone else to come back again. Full stomachs create joyous contented energy, which then creates a great deal of talking and contagious laughter. Finally, it is time to dance. “Snow Flower, I left my Eagle wings back at the tipi. Stay here with the boys, I’ll be right back.”
“All right, Blue Cloud. Hurry back. Our sons are anxious to dance.”
“I will,” Blue Cloud calls back as he hurries to their tipi. Running Deer and Gray Wolf run back from playing with their friends.
“Mother, we are ready to dance. Where is father?”
“He went back to the tipi to get his Eagle wings. He left them there, because they are a lot bigger than yours are. Here are your Eagle wings. Are you ready to put them on?”
“Yes, Mother.”
“Take off your bow, and quivers full of arrows….
Oh look, here comes grandfather,” Snow Flower says, trying to prepare her sons.
“I’m getting out of here,” Running Deer quickly says. 
“Me too,” Gray Wolf says in a hurry as they both run toward their tipi, where their father has gone.
Just as Snow Flower realizes that her sons have turned to run away from their grandfather, he says, “Good evening, Daughter. Have you been having a good time?”
“I have, my Chief. What about you? Have you and Mother Willow, been having a good time?”
“Yes, my Daughter. I can’t wait to dance with my grandson’s. Where are they?”
“I don’t know. They were here just a minute ago,” Snow Flower says as she scans the surrounding area.
As the boys are running toward their tipi, they see a stranger trying to sneak up on the village celebration.
“…Gray Wolf, who is that person? Have you ever seen him before?”
“No, I’ve never seen him before. He has war paint on his face. Maybe he’s trying to harm our tribe.”
“We are the only ones here, Running Deer.  We have to save our tribal family.”
“Get your bow and arrow ready like father taught us. There are two of us, and only one of him. We can do this!” 
With their bows ready, they bend over trying to hide themselves in the foliage of the forest. Coming up behind the stranger, they shoot their arrows striking their target. He falls to the ground.
“We got him, Gray Wolf. We got him!”
“Let’s make sure that he’s dead.”
Walking up to the stranger and looking at him on the ground, not moving or breathing, they begin to celebrate by dancing.
 “We saved our tribal family,” they both chorused. As their backs are turned, the stranger gets up and grabs both of them, holding them under his strong arms.
“We thought that you were dead!” a surprised Gray Wolf yells.
“As you can see, I am alive. This is something that you should have learned today. Never turn your back on your enemy.”
Feeling confined because his strong arms were holding them so tightly, Running Deer commands, “We learned it! Now put us down!”
“Are you, Blue Cloud and Snow Flower’s, sons?”
“Yes. Who are you?” Running Deer asks.
“I am your uncle. I am Flying Eagle, your father’s brother.”
Gray Wolf speaks with strength, “We don’t have an Uncle. My father has no brother. We have never met anyone by the name of Flying Eagle.”
“Well, you have now.” Holding them firmly under his arms, he begins to run in the opposite direction of the festivities.
The twins begin to squirm around, kicking their legs and hitting him with their small fists, trying to wrestle out of his arms. At the same time, they begin to make their Eagle screeching sounds.
Blue Cloud returns to Snow Flower. “I have my wings. I can hear our sons making their Eagle screeching sounds. Where are they, Snow Flower?”
“They said that they were going to the tipi to help you Blue Cloud.”
“I never saw them!” 
Alarmed, Blue Cloud quickly drops his Eagle wings while running toward the direction of both of his son’s screeching sounds.
Snow Flower’s heart is pounding! She feels fear! Her eyes widen as she looks at Chief Joseph. He begins to assemble the other braves.
Running with the boys under his arms, Flying Eagle stops for a moment and turns around, as he hears Blue Cloud yell, “Running Deer, Gray Wolf where are you?”
“Father, Father. Here we are!” 
Looking to his right, Blue Cloud sees Flying Eagle. His war paint tells Blue Cloud that he is out for revenge.
“Father, this man won’t let us go!” Running Deer yells. 
Also yelling, Gray Wolf, says, “Tell him to let us go, Father.”
Standing where they can see each other Blue Cloud tries to calm his brother, while getting as close to his sons as he can, “Flying Eagle put my sons down and let them go to their mother!”
“You took everything from me, Blue Cloud. Now I will take your sons.”
“I will feely give you my life, if you will let my sons go. Please Flying Eagle, put them down. They have done nothing to you,” Blue Cloud pleads.
“My whole life, you have been a thorn in my side. Father would always say, ‘Blue Cloud can do this, and Blue Cloud can do that.’ I never once heard him say what, Flying Eagle, could do.”
“Flying Eagle, please, put my sons down, we will talk. We will smoke the peace pipe to bring peace to our many years of strife.”
“Blue Cloud, don’t come any closer. I don’t want to make peace with you. I just want what is mine! You took the woman that I wanted for my wife. Your sons are now my sons. I will take them with me to my new life and we will be a family.”
“Flying Eagle, do not make these small boys part of our problem. Please put my sons down. We can settle our differences between ourselves.”
The village braves arrive with bows drawn and arrows in place. Blue Cloud turns around to face them. His hands are raised, signaling them to stop. 
“Thank you my Brothers. Please put your bows down. This is my brother Flying Eagle. I am trying to make peace with him. Please go away so that we can settle our differences. Just turn around and go away, so that I can get my sons back.”
With the braves assembled, Flying Eagle knows that he will have no chance of survival carrying the two boys. Blue Cloud is distracted, trying to get the braves to leave. Flying Eagle takes this opportunity to rid himself of one son. 
Blue Cloud hears Flying Eagle state, “Since I can’t have your sons, no one will have them!”
Gray Wolf yells, “Father, help us.”
Blue Cloud turns around just as Flying Eagle is running off. At first he is relieved to see Flying Eagle leave, but where are his sons?
With his heart pounding, Blue Cloud runs over to where Flying Eagle was standing. He sees blood. Looking behind a nearby bush, he finds Gray Wolf’s lifeless body, his throat slit from side to side.
“…Gray Wolf. What has happened to my son, Gray Wolf?” he says as he kneels down and tearfully tries to bring his son back to life.
Black Bear gives the rest of the brave’s instructions.
“…Follow Flying Eagle. Do not approach him unless you feel that he will hurt, Running Deer.”
As the Braves leave, Snow Flower arrives to see Blue Cloud trying to save their son. She can see that Gray Wolf is dead. As her eyes meet with her husband’s, sadness, pain and fear radiate in their faces.
“It was, Flying Eagle…he’s here, Snow Flower.”
“My husband let me take, Gray Wolf. Go and find Running Deer,” she tearfully requests.
As Blue Cloud and Black Bear run they quickly find and join their brothers as they hide, watching Flying Eagle as he talks to Running Deer.
“Why did you hurt my brother?” Running Deer asks Flying Eagle.
“He’s all right. He’s probably with your father and mother right now.”
“Why can’t I be with them?”
“You will be. I just need you to be with me for a little while.”
“I want to be with my family!”
“You’re with me now, do you understand?”
“My father will come to get me.”
“You don’t see him now do you?”
“No.”
“Gray Wolf was his favorite anyway. He doesn’t care about you.”
Standing up, with his hands on his hips, Running Deer demands, “Yes, he does! My father and mother love both of us equally. They have no favorites!”
“You don’t want anything to happen to your mother, do you? Just remember. I know where they all are. If you don’t want anything to happen to your family, do what I tell you to do.”
Losing some of his fight as the sadness of being separated from his family becomes real Running Deer remembers, “But we were all going to dance the Eagle Dance tonight.”
“You know the Eagle Dance?”
“Yes, my father taught me.”
Trying to keep his captive occupied, Flying Eagle asks, “Show me. Dance for me.”
Running Deer begins to dance, and in a short while Blue Cloud comes from behind the bushes and begins to walk quietly toward him. 
Running Deer looks up, “Father!” he yells.
Flying Eagle quickly looks up, “Blue Cloud.”
“Father, he told me that you didn’t care about me. But, I told him that you loved me just as much as you love, Gray Wolf.”
“You’re right, my son. I love you and I will always be there for you.” Blue Cloud motions for Running Deer to come to him as he continues to walk toward him.
Running Deer begins to run toward his father.
“Running Deer, remember what I told you I would do to your family!” Flying Eagle warns him.
Turning his head Running Deer stops. Confused as to what he should do he looks back to Flying Eagle as he points to Blue Cloud, “But, my father is here now.”
“Yes, but your mother and brother aren’t!” Flying Eagle quickly grabs him, putting a knife to his throat.
Looking at Blue Cloud, Flying Eagle states, “If you are here Blue Cloud, then the other braves must be here also. Running Deer could have had a great life with me in my new world.”
“A son belongs with his parents!”
“He should have been my son… now neither one of us will have a son.”
Simultaneously, Blue Cloud begins to run toward his son as Running Deer holds out his hands yelling, “Father!”
All of the braves have their bows raised, but Blue Cloud and Running Deer are in the way of their target.
Flying Eagle calmly slits Running Deer’s throat, just as he had Gray Wolfs, dropping him to the ground as he quickly turned and ran to the side of the mesa.
Blue Cloud reaches his son as he is drawing his last breath. There was nothing that Running Deer could do to stay with his father. And there was nothing that Blue Cloud could do to help his son to continue to live.
Black Bear instructs the braves, “Follow Flying Eagle, but don’t kill him. We will bring him back to Blue Cloud.” 
Following Black Bear’s instructions they fan out, following Flying Eagle’s tracks.
“He’s starting to climb the mesa.”
Black Bear runs in the opposite direction around the mesa, to the stair case that he and Blue Cloud had discovered as young boys, just one hundred feet around the side from where Flying Eagle is climbing. Using this staircase, he is able to reach the top of the mesa before Flying Eagle. “I will wait for you, Flying Eagle and then I will fight you,” he says to himself.
Half of the braves follow Black Bear up the rugged stair case. The other half follow behind Flying Eagle, letting him know that there will be no turning back.
While the braves follow his brother, Blue Cloud picks up his son. With tears running down his cheeks, each step feels like an eternity, as he carries his son back to his beloved wife.
After several long minutes, he finally sees Snow Flower kneeling, while she holds, Gray Wolf, in her lap. Rocking back and forth, she is mournfully chanting. Blue Cloud stops, “How can I hand her another dead son?” he says to himself.
Sensing her husband’s presence, her head turns, as he quietly calls her name. “Snow Flower…Snow Flower… I’m so sorry, I couldn’t save our sons.” Their eyes meet…she looks up at her him…finally holding out her arms for her other son. Blue Cloud brings Running Deer to her. Holding both of her sons, she rocks back and forth, continuing her mourning chants. Blue Cloud kneels behind Snow Flower, trying to comfort her, while he is still trying to handle his own grief.
At this same time, Flying Eagle has finally reached the top of the mesa.
“We have been waiting for you, Flying Eagle. You have caused Blue Cloud, a great deal of pain. We are going to take you back to him.”
“I guess we’ll see about that,” he declares as he pulls out his knife. Holding it in his hand, high above his head, he runs toward Black Bear, loudly screaming. Black Bear responds to this threat with his own scream, running toward Flying Eagle, ready to fight. The braves encircle both of them so that this time, Flying Eagle won’t escape.
The fight continues as they move across the mesa. Flying Eagle begins to think, “Even if I win this fight, the other braves won’t let me leave. I’ve got to get to the portal.”
He manipulates and maneuvers his positions to move across the mesa. After Flying Eagle falls to the ground, Black Bear allows him to get back up on his own. Standing up, Flying Eagle steps backward, and disappears.
“Where did he go?” Black Bear asks, astounded. The other braves are equally mystified. “Everyone, please look around. We have to bring him back to, Blue Cloud.” The braves begin to scour the top of the mesa.
Trying to deal with his grief, while still kneeling behind his wife as she holds their sons, Blue Cloud finally says, “They were together in birth. They will be together in death. Flying Eagle will pay for the death of my sons and for all the pain that he has caused me throughout my life.”
Earlier, Chief Joseph, and the rest of the tribe have followed the sounds of Snow Flower’s chanting. Finding her holding Gray Wolf’s lifeless body, in utter confusion, they watched as Blue Cloud had brought back his second son. Nothing like this has ever happened before. They can’t believe what they are witnessing, a mother holding both of her dead sons, and the father supporting her from behind.
Finally completely overcome with grief, Snow Flower begins to yell, “Great Spirit, why? My sons never deserved this. Why. Why did you allow this to happen? WHY?”
After a while, completely worn out and overcome with grief, Snow Flower looks up at Blue Cloud. “I love you my husband…, but our sons need their mother. They can’t be without me, they’re too young…. I will go with them to take care of them.”
Before Blue Cloud can comprehend what his wife is saying, her eyes roll back in her head, her breathing stops and Snow Flower slumps over in his arms.
“Snow Flower, wake up! Don’t go. I need you!” He shakes her, but she is gone. He pulls his wife to his chest. With grief edged into his face, he looks down at his sons and Snow Flower in disbelief.
“How can this be? My sons…my wife…what has just happened?” …Blue Cloud questions, mystified at the circumstances that he now finds himself in.
Blue Cloud looks to the sky hoping for an answer. He has held back his grief to support Snow Flower, but now she is also gone, and he can’t hold it in any longer. Finally, his body takes over expelling his great sorrow. His gut wrenching cries reverberate throughout the mountain range.
“GREAT SPIRIT, WHY HAVE YOU TAKEN MY SONS AND MY WIFE? HAVEN’T I ALWAYS DONE WHAT YOU WANTED ME TO DO?”
Blue Cloud’s cries can be heard on the top of the mesa. The braves immediately stop searching for Flying Eagle, looking to the sky trying to understand the strange sounds that they can hear.
“Come, my Brothers, Blue Cloud needs us,” Black Bear suggests.
Chief Joseph, Mother Willow and the rest of his tribe, drop to their knees in disbelief. “Mother, what has happened to our family?” Chief Joseph asks Mother Willow. She turns, putting her head onto her husband’s shoulder, crying in disbelief.
The braves return, dropping to their knees in respect for their Brother. Black Bear says quietly, “We heard your cries my Brother and we came, may healing be sent to you.”
From mountain range to mountain range, the valley fills with strange vibrations of loud mournful tribal chants, and cries of grief.

* * *

“I can’t handle this, Jon! I never knew that Evan had experienced such pain,” Julia slowly says with tears running down her cheeks.
Jon was quiet. He was having a hard time also, but didn’t want to express it.
The monitor changes to the next day.

* * *

Blue Cloud’s tribal brothers have helped him build a scaffold out of large branches. The tribal mothers have cleaned and dressed Snow Flower, Running Deer and Gray Wolf. A mother with one son on each side, are placed on top of the scaffold.
Blue Cloud stands with a lighted torch in his right hand.
“My beautiful wife, your sons are next to you. Gray Wolf and Running Deer, mind your mother. Always do what she asks you to do, because she is a good mother, the best mother that you could ever have. May the smoke of this fire carry you all to a better life; my love goes with each one of you.” Bending down Blue Cloud lights the scaffolding. With his tribal family he watches the bodies as they burn and the smoke as it rises to the sky.
“I have nothing left. My sons and wife are gone. I can no longer sleep in our family tipi.” Returning to his tipi, he takes out his knife and rips his home to shreds.
Chief Joseph and Mother Willow try to comfort their son. “Blue Cloud, why did you rip your tipi to shreds?”
“Mother, Father, I couldn’t stand to see our family tipi still standing waiting to greet our family.”
 Walking to his horse he adds, “With my family gone, I can’t stay here any longer. The memories are too painful.”
 As Blue Cloud gets on his horse, Chief Joseph sadly says, “Come back to us when you are ready my Son.”
Still grief stricken, Blue Cloud, nods to his father and mother, and reaches for their hands. “Thank you for everything, my Mother and Father.”
He looks at Black Bear…puts his right hand in a fist over his heart as a sign of eternal friendship.
The tribe has gathered by this time. They sadly wave good-by as they watch him slowly ride away.
Blue Cloud rides to the mesa, gets off of his horse, and begins to climb the stair case that he and Black Bear had found as children.
“Great Spirit, I will climb to the top of this mesa so that I can be closer to my family. I want to be with them. Please, bring them to me.”
As he reaches the top, there is nothing! He waits for a long time, with the sun beating down on his head, and the wind blowing in his face, watching for any sign of his family. But, there is still nothing. Out of frustration and grief, he begins to dance and chant, moving back and forth all over the mesa, his chants become louder and louder, until exhausted, he falls to the ground.

* * *

Julia looks across the hall at Evan. Tears are streaming down his face. Suddenly, he is crying hysterically. She runs to him and holds him in her arms as he continues to cry. It seems like hours, but finally he calms down and goes back to sleep.
While Evan sleeps, he remembers how Daniel and his staff had come through the time portal on the top of the mesa, and how they brought him back to the Beach House, where he is now recuperating and healing from his life trials.
With Julia still by his side, Evan finally wakes up. Looking over at her he says, “Julia, the first time I was here, I couldn’t bare going through the pain that I had just experienced in my life as Blue Cloud. Daniel never forces anyone to do anything that they don’t think that they are ready to experience. He allowed me my space, knowing that there were specific goals that I had to complete.”
“Daniel prepared me to become a police officer in this life, so that I could complete those goals. He is the one that gave me the name of, Evan.”
“You’ve worked through a lot of pain, Evan. Are you ok now?”
“I’m really still quite tired.”
“Go back to sleep then, I’ll be here when you wake up.”
“Ok.”
Birds can be heard singing, proclaiming the beginning of a new day. As his eyes open, after a good nights sleep, a thought abruptly formulates in Evan’s mind. Like a bolt of lightning and with a shocked expression on his face, he quickly sits up in his bed.
Julia has been asleep on a chair next to his bed. Awakened by his quick movement she hears, “Julia, it’s my brother, Flying Eagle, who is killing these boys!” he expresses with shocked belief, not wanting to really believe the thought in his head.
“Flying Eagle was on the top of the mesa when he disappeared. It was on the top of the mesa that Daniel came through the portal to bring me to the Beach House.”
Daniel came to check on Evan at that very moment, and Evan recounted his breakthrough. “Daniel, could he have come through the same portal?”
“He could come through the portal, but without permission it won’t bring him here to the Beach House.” 
“Where would it take him?”
“I don’t know, since I have never entered the portal without permission.”
Hearing Evan talking to Daniel, Julia runs to his room and Jon quickly follows.
“Julia, since it’s my brother, Flying Eagle, who is killing these boys. He is the one who is trying to kill you. He has found me, and has seen the picture of both of us in the Newspaper. He thinks that we are a couple. He is still out to destroy me and everyone that belongs to me. He’s here, Julia. He came through the time portal.”
Thinking back, he adds, “The braves wondered why he disappeared on the top of the mesa. They didn’t know how to enter the portal, but he did.”
Julia asks, “Is that true, Daniel?”
“The portals are not just for me and my staff. Anyone that has the knowledge can find them,” Daniel explains.
“But, my brother has no more knowledge than I have, and I wouldn’t have been able to find it.”
“If he stumbled into it once, it would be very easy to find it again. That’s probably where he went after you married Snow Flower. I would imagine that he’s been going back and forth between the centuries whenever he needed, or wanted to.”
“Yes, and now he’s trying to come to the Beach House since, Julia, and I are here.”
“That could very well be, because we know that it is him that is trying to compromise our perimeter.” Daniel confirms.
“Will he be able to compromise it?” Evan asks.
“No, because of who he is, he will never be allowed to enter until he changes for the better,” Daniel states. “Evan, I’m glad that you were finally able to work through your grief. You will all be together again some day.”
“I know that now, Daniel. Thank you for all of your help.”
“Evan, your brother came through a portal?” Julia asks.
“Yes, he is the one that we have to find so that the killings will stop.”
“Evan, he will be found, and you will find him. But, you need to finish your recuperation first.”
The bell rings.
“I’ve got to go. Evan, I’ll check on you later today.”
“Thanks Daniel.”
“For now go back to sleep, you still have a lot of recuperation to do,” Daniel suggests. “That’s a good idea, Daniel.”
Walking back across the hall to Jon, Julia asks, “What about you, Jon, are you tired?”
“I’m thinking that I am in full agreement with, Daniel. Why don’t we all rest for a while.”
“What a great suggestion, Jon. I think that I’ll go up to my room and get a few hours of shut eye, if you don’t mind.”
“Before you go, Katherine, may I ask you a question?”
“Sure, Jon, what would you like to ask?”
“Everyone is calling you, Julia. It was Julia who helped me when I first arrived here. Are you that, Julia?”
“I am, Jon.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I haven’t had the chance. You’ve been so adamant that I was Katherine.”
“Well, you are, Katherine. But I guess that you’re also, Julia.”
“I’m really tired. Would you mind if we talked about this at a later time?”
“We’ll talk later.”
A few hours later, Jon wakes up and looks over at Evan. Noticing that he is awake he walks over to his room. “Evan, how long have you known Julia?”
“Julia has been my partner on the police force for two years, but she seems to know you quite well also.”
“I’d be glad to tell you our story,” Jon volunteers.
“Great. It sounds like there is a lot about Julia that I don’t know.”
The hours go by quickly. Jon tells his story of Mary and Matthew as young children, how they were sent away and how they grew up, finally meeting in England. He tells Evan about that awful, final day, and how he had tried to find Mary/Katherine riding around to every place they had been together. He also tells him why he sat down to write everything in the note book, that he now carries with him, while he is at the Beach House.
Evan had so many questions that he wanted to ask Jon, but Julia comes down the stairs from her rest.
“Hello my Men! How are both of you?”
“I’m fine, Julia,” Jon answers.
“Thank you for calling me ‘Julia’, Jon. I don’t remember my life as Katherine.”
“I’m feeling better also, Julia,” Evan assures her.
“I’m so glad that both of my men are feeling better. My stomach is telling me that it’s hungry. What about my men? Would you like some lunch?”
Jon is first to say “Sounds good.”
Evan asks “Do you think that Daniel will let me get out of this bed? I’m tired of laying here.”
Daniel comes around the corner. Julia looks at him and says, “Perfect timing, Daniel. Evan wants to know if he can get out of his bed, and if so, would it be alight to go for a walk on the beach after we eat something?”
“All of you may do whatever you feel strong enough to do,” he answers.
Evan is ecstatic, “Great! Get me out of this bed and let’s go outside to the beach. I want to see the ocean and hear the surf rolling in.”
Daniel has Treysen prepare Evan for his walk outside. He is detached from the monitor and given clean clothes to wear.
“Remember that, Evan is still quite weak,” Daniel cautions, “He has worked through a great deal of emotional trauma. So, walk slowly with him. Take this folding patio chair in case he needs to rest while he is walking to the lounge chairs on the beach.”
Julia gratefully acknowledges his kindness. “Thank you Daniel.”
“I am here to serve you.” He bows his head, and puts his right hand to his heart as a gesture of love.
Jon, Evan and Julia make it out to the lounge chairs, by the edge of the surf. The heat of the day has gone and all that is left of the day is the beautiful setting sun.
Abruptly, there is a surge in the frequency of the energy field that surrounds the Beach House, and the beach. As Jon, Evan and Julia look around them to see what is happening, they watch as all of the doors and windows on the Beach House automatically shut.
Simultaneously, several of Daniel’s staff appears by their side. Each staff member is glowing with a white light around them, almost making them invisible. As the staff holds each others hands, Jon, Evan and Julia are encircled in a protective, white colored circle. Covering the outside of the white colored circle, is a gold light which almost looks like a solid gold plate, making it impossible for anyone else to penetrate it.
While all of this has happened quite quickly, all that Jon, Evan and Julia feel is calmness, security and love.
In a few minutes, Daniel is standing by his staff. He thanks them for their service and then dismisses them.
“Daniel, what happened?” Evan asks.
“Flying Eagle, is trying to breach the perimeter again. I sent my staff to surround you as a precaution. But, I want you to know that no one can set foot on this property unless they are pure of heart.”
“What are you saying, Daniel?” Julia questions.
“I’m trying to say, that Flying Eagle, can never set foot on this property unless he asks for forgiveness for the evil that he has done.”
Daniel continues, “Every person that comes here has never been perfect. That’s the way that we all learn. The people that come here have asked for forgiveness, and have within their hearts the intent to only do good things.”
Looking at Daniel, they all say, “Thank you, Daniel, for that explanation.”
“You are all more than welcome. Would you like to come in and sit by the fire? It’s starting to get a little chilly out here.” As the three of them stand up, Daniel helps Evan, and they all walk back to the Beach House.
As Daniel takes Evan to a nice comfortable easy chair in the great room, he says, “I’ll let you sit here as long as you would like, while I attend to my other duties.”
The crackling, searing fire in the fireplace is beautiful. To sit here in the great room, and watch the fire as it dances around the wood, is truly a great experience. But, there is something that keeps gnawing at Evan’s heart. His brother, Flying Eagle, had to be taken care of. Now that he knew who the killer of these young boys was, he needed to make a plan.
Finally, Julia says, “I think that I will go to bed. I’m tired and need a good nights sleep.” She looks at both of them with sensitive gentle eyes and says, “I want you both to know, that I admire and love you both.” Jon and Evan look at her strangely and watch her as she walks up the stairs to her bedroom.
“What was that all about?” Evan says.
“I don’t know, Evan, but I have a funny feeling,” Jon speculates.
“I do too. Anyway I’m glad that she’s gone. I didn’t want to worry her. We need to make a plan to get my brother. Would you be willing to help?”
“Well, that’s one thing that I’m really good at, making plans,” Jon states with a smile.
Evan and Jon stay up most of the night, creating a plan that they hope will capture Flying Eagle. 
Finally, morning comes and they are both exhausted, falling asleep in the great room.
At the same time that Evan and Jon fall asleep, Julia has awakened, gotten dressed and is packing her bags in her room. She walks to the balcony to look down to the first floor to see if anyone is there. Looking over the balcony, she sees both Evan and Jon fast asleep.
“The ring,” Julia says to herself. “I left it on top of the chest of drawers. I can’t forget it now! I’ve had it since the crime scene, before I came to the Beach House.” Going back to her room, she picks it up. “Ok, which pocket should I put it in?” she wonders, while she is closing the door to her room. She fumbles with her overnight case, “Why am I so clumsy today?” Unknown to Julia, the ring, rather than going into her pocket, falls onto the floor.
Going down the hall to the lower floor, Julia walks to where Daniel is with his patients. He is working with a young woman that came in just yesterday, and Julia waits to talk to him.
After a few minutes, Daniel looks out to the hall through the window. “I’m sorry it took me so long. Treysen told me that you were here. I couldn’t leave her any sooner than I did. That poor woman has lost her two sons, and she’s trying to find them.”
“How could she lose her sons?”
“I don’t know. That’s what we’re trying to figure out.”
“Did you get her from a portal, like you did with Jon and Evan?”
“No. This young woman was transferred here from another place. I have been asked to help her find her sons.” 
“I wish I could help, but I’ve got to leave. Would you help me?”
“Don’t you want to wait for Jon and Evan?” he asks. 
“No, I would like to go now,” she says.
“Ok. How can I help?”
“Would you have one of your staff drive me to my apartment?”
Immediately a staff member appears. “This is Henry” Daniel says to Julia. He turns to Julia and says, “Henry, this is Julia.”
“Hello, Julia,” Henry says with a smile. “I am here to be of service to you. What do you need me to do?”
“I would like you to drive me to my apartment.”
“I would be glad to. Come with me.”
They walk to the garage where all of the black suburbans are kept. “Would you like some help with your baggage?” he asks.
“Yes, thank you.”
Her baggage is loaded into the suburban and they leave the Beach House. Eight hours later when they finally arrive at her apartment, Julia asks Henry “Would you like to come in? I’m hungry… I could make dinner for both of us.”
“That sounds wonderful, Julia, do you need any help?”
“No, I think that I can handle it, but if you could help me with my luggage once again, that would be great.”
“Where would you like me to park this suburban?”
“My parking place is in an underground garage.”
“Ok, show me the way.”
After they park the suburban and walk up to her apartment, Henry carries her luggage into her apartment. Julia goes to the kitchen and looks through her cupboards to see what she can make for dinner.
Henry notices a baby grand piano in her living room. “How long have you played the piano?” Henry asks in a louder than normal voice, so that she can hear him.
“I’ve played for several years. I sit and play for hours when I have the time. It takes all the pain from my soul, caused by the cases that I work on.”
“Would you mind if I play it?” Henry asks. 
“I would love to hear you play some music.”
Henry sits down and starts to play from memory. Julia listens as she is preparing the dinner. She quickly pulls together a delicious meal of stuffed Cornish Hens, Waldorf salad, Rolls, Asparagus and Lemon Ice water.
While everything is cooking, Julia begins to set the table in the dining room. Henry thoroughly loves the touch of the keys of her piano, and begins playing another piano piece. The song that Henry is playing sounds so familiar to Julia that she looks at Henry, puts down the dishes and walks over to him.
“Where did you learn that music?” she questions.
“Oh, I’ve known it for quite some time,” he says as he looks up to her.
“It seems so familiar to me. Like I have heard it before, but I don’t remember where.”
Henry looks up at her and smiles. His look is so familiar to her now. Who is this man who is playing her piano? And, where does she know him from?
“What is the name of the music?”
“It comes through my heart, Julia. I play what my heart tells me to play.”
“How does one play without music notes in front of them?”
“It’s something that is hard to explain. You have to experience it.”
“That’s the same thing that Daniel said to me when I asked him what a portal is?”
“I’m not meaning to upset you, Julia. Everything will be told to you in time. Would you like me to stop playing?” Henry asks.
“No, it’s very soothing. Please continue to play. I’ll finish setting the table. Dinner will be ready soon.”
Meanwhile, back at the Beach House, Evan and Jon have been awake and up for some time.  
Daniel has been busy trying to find out how his newest patient could have lost her sons. “This has never happened before. Can you tell me what you have found out so far?”
“I wanted to be with my sons because they were too young to be without their mother. When I got to the other side, I found out that my sons had been given a new guide, and in the process he lost them.”
Concerned and somewhat confused, Daniel continues to question her, “Have you found out why or how the guide lost your little boys?”
“I’ve heard a little. But I was told that my best chance would be to ask for your help. Would you please help me?”
“I will do my best. Now rest for a while and I will try to see what happened.”
“Thank you, Daniel.”
In the great room, Evan and Jon are wondering about Julia. “I wonder when she is going to come down here.” Evan asks. 
“I know. She is usually up quite early,” Jon states.
“I’m going to go up to her room and see if I can wake her up. We need to let her know what the plan is.”
“Ok, Jon, I’ll wait here for you.”
Walking up the stairs and over to Julia’s room. Jon knocks on the door. There is no answer. He knocks again and opens the door.
“Julia, it is Jon. Would you please come downstairs, Evan and I have a lot to tell you.”
There’s no answer, so he walks into her room. Everything is clean and her bed is made. Her luggage is gone. Confused, Jon turns around and walks out of her room. As he gets to the door he notices their ring on the hall floor, up against the wall. He picks it up, puts it in his pocket and walks down to where Evan is waiting.
Jon has just started to tell Evan that Julia is not in her room, when Daniel comes into the great room. “How are both of you today?” he asks.
“We’re fine. Have you seen Julia?” Jon asks.
“Yes. Julia wanted to go to her apartment early this morning, so I made arrangements with one of my staff to take her there.”
“You what?” they both echoed.
“Don’t you realize that she will be in danger there?” Evan asks in a surprised manner.
“Gentlemen, she is not alone. Henry, one of my staff, is with her. She will be protected until you can arrive.”
Concerned, Jon declares, “Evan, you’re still too weak. I’ll go.”
“Jon, there is something that you need to be aware of,” Daniel warns. “Since, Julia, didn’t come to the Beach House through the Hall of Corridors, the minute that Henry leaves her apartment, she will forget about the Beach House, which means that she won’t remember you. She might think that you are familiar, but, she won’t be able to remember where she knows you from.”
“Thank you, Daniel. I’ll follow her from a distance, just to make sure that she is ok, until Evan is able to come.”



CHAPTER 11


Daniel’s caution to Jon threw a new fear into his heart as he thought, “How can I protect Julia if she doesn’t even remember who I am?” In a complete state of frustration and confusion he doesn’t wait to pack his bags.
“Daniel, do you have a car that I can use?”
“Yes, we have several cars, Jon. Go to the North side of the Beach House. Treysen will have a car ready for you.” Jon turns around and begins running as fast as he can.
“Remember what I told you, Jon,” Daniel yells. Jon raises his hand in acknowledgment to Daniel.
Rounding the corner to the North side of the Beach House, he sees Treysen standing with the car door of a black suburban open for him.
“Thank you, Treysen.”
Leaving as fast as he can, Jon completely forgets about the possibility that Flying Eagle could still be around. His only concern is for the safety of the woman that he has loved for so long.
The sound of a car driving down the highway so quickly catches Flying Eagle’s attention. His strategic point, high on the cliff, made it possible for him to see anyone coming through the portal.
This portal was a passage-way. A visual distortion twisted and folded along the edges, much like a mirage, or an optical illusion, where refractions appear between dimensions of time.
It was through this portal, that only those who had permission could pass back and forth from the Beach House, which was in one dimension, to the world, which was in another dimension.
Throughout his life, Flying Eagle has had enough experience recognizing the disturbance of a portals optical illusion. The speed the car is going sends out a feeling of great determination, conveying a type of alert signal to Flying Eagle. “This must be Julia or Evan.” He decides to follow it.
While Jon is still in route to her apartment, Julia and Henry have finished eating their dinner.
“The meal that you fixed was delicious, Julia,” Henry remarked.
“Thank you, Henry. I really enjoyed hearing you play my piano while I was cooking. Do you think that maybe someday you could teach me those piano pieces?”
“As your old piano teacher, I would love to continue teaching you piano, Julia. Do you remember the day….”
Julia interrupts, “You taught me piano?”
Realizing his mistake, Henry quickly rephrases what he has just said. “What I meant to say, is that I would love to teach you someday. Just let me know when you have time, ok?” Henry smiles, silently hoping that she would remember the good times they had when she was at her grandmothers, when as her piano teacher Henry Mannox, he would play his piano pieces and she would dance to them.  Her blank stare told him that she remembered nothing.  After all that was then and this was now.
“I’ll let you know, Henry.” Unexpectedly Julia yawns and then looks up at Henry, “I’m sorry, but for some reason, I’m really tired. Would you mind if we call it a night?”
“Not at all, it’s time for me to go, anyway.”
“Henry, it was nice meeting you. Thank you for bringing me home.”
“It was nice seeing you again. Good bye for now.”
“…Again?” Julia says to herself. But she is so tired that she decides not to explore what Henry has just said, and sees him to the door.
Jon has almost arrived at Julia’s apartment. He continues to think only of Julia, never noticing that a car has been following him.
Henry pulls out of the underground garage, parking across the street from Julia’s apartment, waiting for Jon to arrive.
Minutes later, Jon parks his car on the road across from Henry and walks over to the other suburban. Holding out his hand, Jon says “Hello. My name is Jon. Are you the one that brought, Julia, to her apartment?”
“Yes, it’s nice to meet you, sir. My name is Henry. Julia is taking a nap right now.”
“Henry…Henry, you seem familiar. Do I know you?”
“No, Jon, we never saw each other, but you have probably heard of me. I use to give Julia piano lessons when she was young. I’ll explain it all to you someday. Right now I have to get back to the Beach House. Take care of her, all right?”
“You can be sure of that, Henry. Will we both see you again?” Jon asks.
“Yes, we will all meet again. Good-bye for now.” 
Jon decides to get back into his suburban so that he can watch the outside of Julia’s apartment. Within two minutes he sees a car drive by with an American Indian in the driver’s seat.
“I wonder if that is Flying Eagle.” Jon says to himself.
Flying Eagle continues to drive by a couple of times looking up toward Julia’s apartment, not noticing that Jon is sitting in a black suburban across the street.
Finally, he stops and parks his car. As he is getting out he looks across the street and sees Jon looking at him. Quickly sitting back down into his car, he promptly drives off.
“Flying Eagle,” Jon says to himself.
While Flying Eagle is gone, Jon decides to move the suburban he is sitting in to the underground garage. He wants to find a place where he can hide and still watch Julia’s apartment. A few hours go by and nothing happens.
With Henry gone, Daniels words come back to Jon. “She won’t remember you Jon, as soon as Henry leaves since she didn’t come to the Beach House through the Hall of Corridors.”
“He couldn’t risk scaring Julia, by going to her apartment. He is however, worried about her safety. Finally, he sees a pizza delivery car.
“That’s it!” he says to himself. 
Going up to the cleverly decorated car he asks, “Do you have any extra pizzas?”
“Today is your lucky day, sir. A customer just decided that he didn’t want a pizza. It’s pepperoni. Would you like it?” the delivery boy asks.
“Yes. How much is it?”
“…Five Dollars.”
“Ok, here’s a ten dollar bill if you will deliver it, and then come back and tell me how the person that you deliver it to is doing?”
“What’s the matter, girl problems?” the delivery boy questions.
“Yes, girl problems. Will you deliver it?”
“Yes sir. For that price, I’ll give you two pizzas.”
“One is fine. Just tell me how she’s doing.”
Jon gives the delivery boy Julia’s apartment number, and tells him to say that Evan paid for it. The delivery boy walks up the stairs and rings the door bell.
“Pizza delivery,” he yells.
“I didn’t order any pizza,” she replies through the door. 
“Evan paid for it and asked me to deliver it.”
Julia opens the door. “That, Evan, he’s always doing something for me.”
“He wants me to ask you how you are doing.”
“Tell him, I’m fine and ask him to please call me.”
 The pizza delivery boy goes back to Jon. “She’s fine and asked me to have you call her.”
“Thank you, very much. I’ll order pizza from you from now on,” he says with a smile.
Throughout the rest of the night everything is very quiet. Concerned about Julia’s welfare, Jon continues to watch the outside of her apartment, just in case Flying Eagle decides to return.
Inside her apartment, after eating the pizza, and sleeping through the night, Julia wakes up and begins to think about the dream that she has had. 
She begins to ask herself, “What was that dream all about, anyway? Did it have a meaning? What am I supposed to learn from it? I know that I was there. I felt it. Was it an out of body experience? Well, whatever it was, I have to get ready for work now, or I’m going to be late.”
At her department desk, she can’t get her mind off of her dream. Her co-worker looks at her strangely, and then cautiously asks her, “Are you ok?”
“Yes, I’m fine. I just had a weird dream last night.”
“What was it about?” her co-worker asked her.
“I’ll tell you because we’re friends. But please don’t tell anyone else, because it sounds a little strange.”
“When have I told anyone what you have told me?”
“It’s just between me and you, right?” Julia continues to question.
“It’s just between me and you,” her friend reassures her.
“While I was asleep last night, I had a dream that was so real it seemed that I was there, that I could see through my own eyes, the ax that would shortly separate my head from my body.” 
Her friend’s eyes widen, but she doesn’t say anything, and Julia continues. “I was kneeling with my head on a wood block. My arms were down by my side and behind me. I looked up to my left, and I saw a man with his arms stretched high above his head, holding an ax. I instinctively felt… no, I actually knew within my heart, that he was going to use all of his strength to sever my neck from my body, with one slice.”
Her friend couldn’t hold it back any longer. “You what?” she explained shocked, with her jaw completely dropped. Finally closing her mouth, she continued, “Ok, let me get this straight! You actually saw this?”
“Yes, through my own eyes, the eyes of the woman who was going to be beheaded. I was looking through her eyes. I felt like I was her. I was there! And at that same moment, my whole being had the understanding that my husband had ordered this. It was a kind of out-of-body experience. Have you ever had any of those experiences?” Julia questioned.
“No, I can’t say that I have,” her friend said in disbelief.
“I guess it’s something that you have to experience to understand it,” Julia quietly states. Then she asks, “Do you think that I’m crazy?”
“No.” Her friend answers taking a breath while looking at Julia, “But maybe you should take a few days off.”
“Maybe so,” Julia replied, looking down to the floor. 
After asking for the afternoon off, Julia begins walking home, when she notices someone following her. Going into a Bakery, the stranger follows her in, pretending to look at the donuts.
“Maybe he’s hungry,” she thinks. 
Walking slowly down the sidewalk she decides to look at some lingerie. While she is looking, she notices the same gentleman that was in the Bakery, was now in the Lingerie shop.
“Maybe he has a girlfriend or wife. Maybe that’s why he’s here.”
The next shop that she decides to stop in is a health food store. After purchasing some products, Julia looks around the store. “Ah, the same man is not in here, thank goodness. Maybe I’m overreacting.” Yet, as she leaves the store she notices the same man leaning against a lamp post, reading a newspaper.
Julia begins to panic. “I’ve got to learn to believe my instincts. I’m not overreacting. It’s the same man.”
When Julia finally arrives at her apartment, she double locks her door and looks out of all her windows to see if she can see the person that has been following her.
Meanwhile, back at the Beach House, Daniel has gone to check on Evan.
“How are you doing, Evan?”
“I feel well enough to go, Daniel. I need to help Jon and Julia. Please, you’ve got to let me go.”
“Henry has just returned and he told me about a great meal that Julia had cooked for him.”
“She knows how to cook?” Evan asks surprised. 
“…Apparently.”
“I’ll have to have her cook me a meal when I get back there.”
“If you feel like you are strong enough, you can leave first thing in the morning. Just make sure that you don’t overdo it.”
“Thank you, Daniel. I’m anxious to make sure that Julia is protected from, Flying Eagle.”

* * *

“Brother, where are you?”
“I’m over here.”
“All I see is a blip of light.”
“It’s me, Gray Wolf, I swear. Do you feel anything?”
“Yes, Running Deer. All of the ashes of my body are collecting around my serge of energy, my little light.”
“I can see your feet, Gray Wolf, where is the rest of you?”
“I can feel it coming, Running Deer, but I can’t even see your feet. What’s with that my Brother?”
“I’m a little behind you. I can feel it coming though. I can feel that my energy is attracting my ashes.”
“I hope our ashes don’t get mixed up.”
“Ha ha,ha, wouldn’t that be funny? What if I had your foot and you had mine? Or you had one of my arms and I had one of yours? How would we know?”
“Thinking about it, my Brother, I truly feel that if our ashes are collecting around our energy, then each ash knows who it belongs to.”
“I think that you’re right, Gray Wolf. Just think, my younger brother is smarter than I am.”
“Only in some things, Brother….”
Smiling, Running Deer and Gray Wolf, continue to watch each other as their bodies fill in, making them look like they did in life.
“Ah, my Brother, Running Deer… once you were a sparkle of light. Now I can see you.
“I can see you also, Gray Wolf. We are handsome devils, aren’t we?”
“Come on, boys,” the guide beckons. “Your bodies have assembled themselves, so it’s time for us to go.”
“Where are we going?” 
 “Yes, can’t we go back to mother and father?” Gray Wolf asks.
“Your mother will be coming soon.”
“If mother is coming, why can’t we wait for her?”
“…Because I’m your guide. We didn’t know that she was coming until just a little while ago. She’s been assigned another guide.”
“Why can’t we wait and all go together?”
“We have a certain time that we have to check in. We can’t wait another minute. Please come with me now. You’ll see your mother soon.”
Following the guide, Running Deer and Gray Wolf quietly talk to each other.
“Gray Wolf, I don’t like this guy that we’re with. He seems a little strange I mean, look at the way that he’s dressed.”
“I know. What’s that all about? I’ve never seen anyone dressed like that before.”
“Boys, there are a few things that you need to know.”
“Yes,” the boys chorus.
“From here on out, we won’t be able to walk until we get to our destination. The way that we will travel to our destination is by swimming.”
“Oh, we know how to swim,” Gray Wolf says in an excited voice.
“Good, that will make it easier to show you how to move. Watch me and do what I do. Don’t worry, you won’t fall down. You’ll feel like you’re floating.”
“Floating?” the boys question.
“Now, retract your legs…then push them out spreading them apart, and keeping them straight. Then bring them back together again. As soon as your legs close…push your arms straight out in front of you and then make a half circle, out to each arm’s side pulling them down to shoulder height.”
“Take turns with both of your arms and legs, retracting and pushing out, over and over again.”
“Gray Wolf, what are the words that he is using? I don’t understand anything that he is saying.”
“I don’t either, Running Deer. But, somehow within my head I hear everything, and in my heart, I understand what he means. Listen with your heart my brother.”
“Show me what he was telling us.”
“Pull your legs in, and then push them out, spreading them apart. Pull your legs together as your arms get ready to push out above your head. Keeping them spread out circle them down to shoulder height and then pull them in putting your palms together, ready to push out again. Watch me…. See… take turns with your feet and your arms.”
“Ok.” Gray Wolf shouts, “I’m floating. My Brother you’re floating also, aren’t you?”
“Yes, I’m floating.”
“Great job, boys. That’s the way that we are going to move around until we get into our assigned dimension. Keep going. The more you do it, the easier it will be. You see, we’ll be going through gravitational waves. With its vibrations of compression and expansion, you’ll need to know how to swim as I have taught you. Just think of it this way, it is how some people swim in the ocean.”
“Gray Wolf, there he goes with his big words again.”
“With your heart my Brother…. Listen with your heart.”
“What is an ocean?”
“Now that one I don’t know. But I do understand what he is saying about swimming.”
“Ok boys, you know how to move. Let’s be on our way. Don’t worry. We’re going to swim through some gravitational waves. Keep moving like I showed you and everything will be fine. And, don’t worry as we go faster and faster. Stay by me, ok?”
“You bet.”
“Running Deer, what are all those strange lights that we’re moving toward?” Gray Wolf asks.
“I don’t know. Have you noticed how fast we have been traveling? Even on a horse we never went as fast as we are going now,” Running Deer says with a smile.
“First we were swimming just like we use to, down by the falls. But, now we’re not wet. We’re just free to go wherever we want to go, just like a bird in the air. But there’s no air. Do you think that we’ll fall?” Gray Wolf began to wonder.
“I don’t think so. It feels like this light is holding us up.”
“Look at me.” proud of himself, Gray Wolf begins to swim in all different directions on his back, finally hitting into Running Deer.
“What are you doing, Gray Wolf?”
“Sorry. I wasn’t watching where I was going. I was having so much fun swimming on my back, and not drowning, like I use to at the falls.”
“That’s right. Your head use to go under the water all of the time. The same thing use to happen to me when I would swim on my side. So, if you can swim on your back, then I’m going to try swimming on my side.”
For several minutes, Running Deer and Gray Wolf swim and play around in a new atmosphere, where it seems that they can do almost anything. They can go as fast or as slow as they choose.
“Gray Wolf, this all seems so strange. Yet on the other hand it seems so familiar.”
“I know, Running Deer. I feel like I’ve played here before.”
“Gray Wolf, what are we swimming toward?” 
“I don’t know. But I can’t stop. Can you?”
“No, it’s like we’re being sucked into that light.”
“Yes, it is at the end of this tunnel Running Deer, that extremely bright light. What does it mean?”
“I don’t know, Gray Wolf. But, we’re going to be there soon.”
“I don’t want to go, Brother. Remember the bright lights on the night of the loud thunder? Well, this light scares me like that loud thunder did.”
“Do you think that Grandfather is here trying to scare us again?”
“Well. If he is, I’m not going in that direction.”
“Me neither! Look Gray Wolf, there’s another direction.
Hold my hand, Brother. Together we will have more strength.” Grabbing his brother’s hand, he continues to give instructions. “Continue holding my hand. Let’s spread both of our hands out to the side. Hold them there and then spread your feet out. This will slow down the momentum.”
“How did you know that would work, Brother?”
“I don’t know. But I know what it means and how it works.”
“I do, too. The minute you said it, I could feel the meaning of that strange word.”
“Quick, there’s a bend in the tunnel. Pull your feet in… get ready to push your feet against the wall…bend your back and lean back toward the bend of the wall…push your feet into the wall as hard as you can, so that we have enough strength to change direction. NOW! PUSH!” Running Deer and Gray Wolf quickly thrust themselves into another tunnel, losing their guide.
“Whoa, Running Deer, this tube is skinnier than the other one. I can reach out my hands and feel both sides at the same time.”
“Pretend that you are going down the rock slide by the falls.”
“It kind of feels like that, doesn’t it, Brother?” Finally, the end of the tube drops them into a great openness.
“What do we do now, Older Brother?”
“Let’s try swimming and see how it works here”
“I’ll swim on my back again.”
“That’s fine,” Running Deer states, but laughingly warns, “Just don’t bump into me again. I’m going to try to swim on my side, and I can’t see you from behind.”
Returning the joke, Gray Wolf, shouts, “Watch out, Brother, here I come!”
Turning over to be able to see Gray Wolf, Running Deer notices something that neither one of them had seen before. 
“What’s that over there?” he questions.
“…Where?”
“Over there…that wavy bright golden light.”
“Let’s swim over to it and see what it is,” Gray Wolf suggests. Approaching the twisted and folded refracted waves of light, both boys stop.
“I’ve never seen anything like this.”
“Do you think that it will hurt us to touch it?”
“Don’t look at me. I’m not going to be the first one to touch it.”
“Running Deer, you always do everything first. You were the first one to be born.”
“Well, I’m not going to be the first one to touch this thing.”
“I will.”
Cautiously, Gray Wolf reaches out his hand and touches the wavy folds of light with his fingers, “It doesn’t hurt, Running Deer. I’m going to put my hand through it.” Feeling a strange sense of freedom, his curiosity takes over and he puts his head through the waves.
“What are you doing, Brother?”
“Try it, Running Deer. It doesn’t hurt!”
Very slowly, Running Deer puts his head through the waves. Looking over toward Gray Wolf, they smile at each other.
“Look at that strange object down there. There’s a lot of water around it and there are strange people walking on the ground. I want to go and see this thing.”
“That sounds great Running Deer. Let’s go see it.”
Once their whole bodies pass through the folded waves, they feel like they are flying. It seems natural and, best of all no one seems to be able to see them.
Once on the ground, they notice a door that everyone seems to be using.
“Hurry, Gray Wolf, the door is open.”
Quickly walking through the door, they see a hall with rooms along each side.
“Look over here, Gray Wolf, the Hall of Corridors.”
“How did you know what that said?”
“I don’t know. I saw the words and it just came to my mind”
“No one seems to be walking down it now, so let’s see what it is all about.”
“…Sounds good.”
Quickly walking over they slip through the hall door.

* * *

Exhausted, Julia has returned home from work and collapses on her sofa. While she is sleeping she has the very same dream, but as the ax is coming down, she wakes up to the ringing of her cell phone.
“I’m so glad that you called Evan,” she says.
“Can you go to dinner tonight,” Evan asks, “I have a friend that I would like you to meet.”
“I would like to go to dinner and meet your friend,” I said, “but there’s something that I would really like to talk to you about.”
“I can’t hear you…you keep breaking up. Let’s talk later, ok?”
An hour later he calls again, “Hello there sport, I hope that we have a better connection. I’m about five minutes away.  Do you still want to go to dinner?”
“Yes, I need to get out of here.”
“Ok, I have to pick up my friend and then I’ll pick you up.”
“Evan, there is something that I really, really need to talk to you about.”
“I’m just a couple of minutes away… talk to you then.”
As Evan, and his friend Jon, finally arrive, they walk up to the front door.
 Jon asks Evan, “Are we going to tell her anything?”
“Not now. There will be time later when we will be able to answer all of her questions.” 
Ringing the bell, Julia opens the door.
“Hello sport. How are you doing?”
“I’m fine, Evan. Who is this with you?”
“This is my friend, Jon. He’s the one that I wanted to introduce you to.”
Julia immediately thinks that Jon looks familiar, but the light is weak and can’t place him. Walking to the car, Evan drives to the freeway and heads to his favorite new Chinese restaurant. While he is driving, he receives a call from his crime scene team notifying him that he is needed. Something very interesting had been found.
Since Jon and Julia are with him on the freeway, there is no place that they can be dropped off. Evan speeds down the freeway with his red and blue lights flashing.
As soon as the lights begin to revolve, Jon notices a familiar car. “I know that car. It’s the same car that Flying Eagle was driving while I sat out in front of Julia’s apartment.” Concerned, he leans forward whispering into Evan’s left ear so that Julia wouldn’t hear what is said. He tells Evan of his suspicion.
Evan gives a slight nod, letting Jon know that he understood what he had said.
Wondering what the interaction was all about, Julia asked, “What’s happening, Jon? Didn’t your mother teach you that it’s impolite to whisper to some people and leave other people out of what is being said?”
“She did, Julia. Sorry, I forgot. Will you forgive me this time?”
“…Only this time, Jon.”
They both laugh.
Arriving at the crime scene, Evan gets out of the car, asking Jon and Julia to stay there until he can get back to them. They sit for a while in silence. Finally, Jon asks Julia a question, just as the car they are in is suddenly in the direct line of a flood light that is being used at the crime scene. It is the first time that Julia has been able to get a good look at what Jon really looks like. At first she couldn’t move.  Sitting as stiff as a board she couldn’t talk and had trouble breathing; her hands and feet started to go numb.
“It’s him, the executioner in my dream!” she says to herself.
Seeing something move in the shadows to her right, she jumps out of the car and walks forward thinking she has her gun.
“Julia!” The sound of having her name yelled had attracted the attention of the person in the shadows. 
Steps were loud and quickly coming up behind her. Turning around, she sees Jon running toward her.
“Julia, you left your gun in the car!”
Jon suddenly realized that there was someone coming from the shadows walking towards them. The stranger’s left hand reached over to cock the gun, which he held in his right hand, raising and pointing it toward Julia.
“Julia,” the stranger said, more as a statement than a question.
At that very moment, Jon remembered the details of this situation, as it seemed to play quickly, fast forwarding like a live movie in his head. Realizing that his death was the ultimate outcome of this situation, he instantly thinks to himself.
“No! The ending will be different than I have just seen. I have been away from my true love for too long, we will not be parted again!”
Looking at Julia, he immediately lunges forward, and to the side knocking her to the ground and landing on top of her. Without delay, he turns back and with Julia’s gun he shoots, squarely hitting his intended target.  The stranger falls to the ground.
Evan and his crime team run toward the sound of the shots. As he arrives, Jon is in the process of helping Julia to her feet. Looking at Evan’s worried face, he says, “We’re fine, Evan. The shooter is over there.”
As he walks toward the body on the ground he is overcome, “So it really was my older brother.”
Evan kneels down as Flying Eagle slowly opens his eyes, “I almost took everything from you, Blue Cloud.”
“Yes, you almost did Flying Eagle.  It never had to be this way. My sons could have lived their lives; Snow Flower and I could have grown old together.”
“No, she was supposed to be with me! Your sons should have been mine!” With his final statement made, Flying Eagle’s eyes close, and his body goes limp.
“May peace be with you, my Brother,” Evan quietly expresses as he remembers their years of strife. “I wish we could have bonded with each other, as my sons did.”
After a few minutes Evan turns toward Jon and Julia.
“Jon and Julia, that was Flying Eagle….Jon, now that you have seen my brother, was that the same person that you were representing in Los Angeles?”
“Yes.  That was Larry.  It is nice to know that it was the same person.  I’m sorry that it was your brother, but for the sake of all young boys around the world, I’m glad that he is gone.”
“It is sad to have someone of your family that brings pain to other innocent people.  For that reason, I am glad that he is gone.”  Evan’s head bows with tears coming to his eyes, ‘I hope that he finds peace.”
The death of Flying Eagle brought back the pain of losing his sons, and his wife. Evan realizes that his healing was not complete and he needs to return to get further help from Daniel.
“Julia and Jon, would you go back to the Beach House with me? You helped me so much before. I need you now.”
“The Beach House…I don’t remember any Beach House.” Looking confused Julia continues, “But if I can help you Evan, I’d be glad to go with you.”
“I’d like to go with you also,” Jon adds.
“Let’s plan to go tomorrow. Would that work out for you guys?”
“It would work for me. What about you, Julia?”
“Yes, I think that would work for me also.”
Arriving at the Beach House they find Daniel as busy as ever, but he makes time to talk to them.
“Daniel, as you know we have found the serial killer for the task force that I was assigned to find. Sadly, it was my brother….  Since his death my mind has been reverting back to the death of Snow Flower and my sons.  I’ve also wondered what happened to the terrorists in the paddle-wheel restaurant of the Sacramento Delta King.  Do you know anything about them?”
“Yes, your supervisor arranged for their escape.”
“What?  I need to go to the Governor and tell him everything that I have found out about him.”
“Evan, you have more important things that you will need to take care of.  I have seen your supervisor’s future and I can tell you that he will rise in political power until he is assigned to be an Ambassador in the Middle East.  Here Abdul Al-Esawii, the terrorist leader, will get a hold of him and together they will plot a gun-running initiative to help Abdul and his people in their war. Oddly it will be helping an enemy of your country.  That’s something that your present government and the ruling class of my world had in common; working both ends against each other, so that in the end they could take over.  Your supervisor will not survive.  He will meet his maker and will have to atone for what he has done….  So you see Evan, there are consequences for all that we do and he will meet his.  For now you need to be prepared for your future.”
Evan asks Daniel, “What am I to do now, Daniel?”
“Sit on the beach and watch the sun go down,” he said as he patted him on the shoulder.
Turning to Julia, Daniel asks, “How are you doing?”
Looking at him and carefully searching her soul, she finally states, “I remember you now… And I remember the Beach House. The last time that I was here, I asked you if you needed any help. Is there anything that you would like me to do now?”
“Actually, there is something that you could help me with. Before you left, a woman came in. I think that you’re just the one that can help her.”
“I’d be glad to, Daniel. Where is she?”
Jon, will you stay with Evan while he finishes his recuperation? Maybe both of you could sit on the beach while I take Julia down stairs, she’s volunteered to help me and Treysen already has lounge chairs ready for you.”
“That would be fine, Daniel.”
“I’ll be back, boys,” Julia says with a smile, as she leaves with Daniel.
Walking down the clinic stairs, Daniel reminds Julia, “Julia, before you left to go back to your apartment, I told you about a lady who had come here to ask me for my help. Do you remember, Julia? She was trying to find her two sons.”
“I remember, Daniel.”
“Well, apparently, they had been assigned a new guide in the afterlife, and somehow he lost them.”
“Somebody can be lost in the afterlife?”
“Actually, I’ve never heard of it before. But, when she arrived in the afterlife, she didn’t find her sons, and no one else could find them either.”
“Ok, I’ve got to get this straight. This lady arrived in the afterlife, expecting to see her sons. She looked everywhere and couldn’t find them.”
“…Exactly!”
“And when she asked where they were, all that she was told was that they couldn’t find them, and that they had done everything they could to find out what happened?”
“Correct! So when she found out that they were lost, she was told to come to me because I was the only one who could help her. From the moment that she arrived, and told me her story, I have been looking for them. In the mean time, she has been recuperating in her own room, trying to heal from the things that she experienced in her lifetime.”
Daniel continues, “What I would like you to do is to watch her life pictures, just like you did with Evan. See if you can see anything that you feel would help her heal from her grief.”
“I would be glad to do that Daniel.”
“Thank you Julia.” Stopping in the hall by her closed door, Daniel adds, “Here is her room. Let me know when you figure everything out.”
The pictures on the monitor are pictures that Julia has never seen before, of a country far away with beautiful castles high in the mountains. Finally, she sees a small girl laughing with her family while they are sailing in a large ship crossing the ocean. The little girl’s hair is golden and her eyes are blue. Her skin is pale. She has ribbons in her hair. Her dress has ruffles and beautiful lace bordering the skirt and sleeves. She begins to play with several other children, running around on the deck of the ship.”
Years pass, the next pictures on the monitor are of a wedding by a beautiful water fall. Julia sees a very familiar, American Indian, young man running down a hill toward the same girl, now grown, putting on his wedding shirt.
Next, the monitor shows twin boys trying to shoot their arrows. Their father is smiling and motioning to the same young woman, as she is walking toward them after finishing the weekly wash, to come and watch them.
“All of this is very familiar,” she muses. When Jon and I were watching Evan, as Blue Cloud, we saw the same things. I’ve got to get Jon, to make sure I’m not just crazy. I’ve got to know for sure before I say anything.  Evan has been through too much for me to make a mistake about this.”
Julia hurries to Treysen. “Treysen, would you please go to the beach and ask, Jon, to come to me? I need him.”
“…Sure thing.”
Going out to the beach, Treysen walks up to Jon as he rests on his beach chair, “Jon, Julia needs to talk to you. Would you please come with me?”
“…Certainly. I’ll be back in a minute, Evan.”
“That’s fine, Jon, I’ll stay here and continue watching the sun as it goes down.”
As soon as Julia sees Jon, she abruptly says, “Jon, quick! Watch this monitor for a while and tell me what you think.”
Looking at her strangely, he looks toward the monitor. After a few minutes he remarks, “Julia, this looks like Blue Cloud. Are we watching Evan’s life again?”
“No, we’re watching the life of this woman.”
“What woman?”
“…The woman in that bed.  Look at her, does she look familiar?”
“All that I can say right now is the fact that what I am seeing on the monitor is a rerun of, Evan’s life. It looks like Evan, as Blue Cloud, and I can’t mistake the boys. They are, Running Deer and Gray Wolf. I’d stake my life on it.”
“That’s the way that I’m feeling, Jon. So, who do you think that this woman is?”
“You don’t think it could be…?”
Cutting Jon off, afraid of the answer, Julia says, “I don’t know. I’ll go in and ask her.”
Walking into the room, Julia asks, “How are you doing today?”
“Have you found out anything about my boys?”
“Daniel is still working on it.”
Walking over to the side of her bed Julia asks, “May I ask you what your name is?”
“My name is, Snow Flower.”
Taken back, Julia slowly asks, “Was your husband’s name, Blue Cloud?”
“Yes, how did you know?”
Completely shocked, Julia says, “If you will wait here for a few minutes, I will come back, and answer that question.” Walking out of Snow Flower’s room, Julia looks at Jon.
Her eyes are wide, and her skin is flushed. Unable to speak, with mixed emotions of pain and happiness, Julia leans against the wall, taking a few breaths, as her brain is trying to make sense of everything that she has just heard.
“What is it, Julia,” Jon questions her.
Slowly looking up at Jon, her mouth begins to move. “It’s Snow Flower, Jon.”
“What?”
“She said that her name is, Snow Flower.”
“Snow Flower…Blue Cloud’s, Snow Flower?”
“Yes.”
“Are you sure that you heard it right?”
“Yes. When she told me her name, I asked her if her husband’s name was Blue Cloud.”
“What did she say?”
She said, “Yes, and then she asked me how I knew his name?”
“We’ve got to tell him, Julia. But how are we going to do that?”
“Let’s get Daniel,” Julia suggests. “Treysen, would you please tell Daniel that we need his help.”
“He’s on his way, Julia. I’ve already sent him a message.” Arriving quickly, Daniel greets them, “Hello, everyone. What can I help you with?”
“Daniel, this is, Snow Flower.”
“Ah, I thought that she looked familiar.”
“How are we going to tell, Evan?”
“What would you think about asking for his help? He could come in and watch the monitor in another room. Since she is awake now, the monitor has the ability to rewind after we take the electrodes off of her head and heart. I’ll have a staff member do that while Evan is walking in from the beach.”
“Shall we be in the room with him?” Julia asks.
“I think that would be a good suggestion. When you feel that he can handle it, after watching the monitor for a few minutes, bring him to the window of her room. I will be waiting for all of you.”
“What will we do then?”
“Let’s just take it a step at a time. Things like this seem to work themselves out. Why don’t you go to the room that has been prepared, Treysen is bringing Evan down the stairs now.”
Treysen guides Evan, to the room where Jon and Julia wait for him. “Is there something that I can help you with?” he asks.
“Yes there is, Evan. Would you please sit down here and watch at this monitor?” Jon requests.
“Sure, what are we looking for?”
“Look at it for a little while and tell us what you think it is.”
“Ok, I’m ready.”
The monitor plays for a short while. “Is this from the time that I was here before? I mean, there’s, Snow Flower, and my boys.”
“Are you sure that it’s, Snow Flower?”
“Are you kidding? I’ve only had one love in my whole life and it was, Snow Flower. Do you think that I would make a mistake about something like that?”
“Come with me, Evan,” Julia asks.
Evan gets up and walks behind her. “Look through this window, Evan.”
“Hello Daniel, Julia wants me to help with this client,” Evan mouths to Daniel.
While Evan is talking to Daniel through the window, the client unexpectedly sits up and looks at Daniel as he stands by her side.
“Daniel, they’re here.”
Daniel turns back to face her, “Who is here, my dear?”
“My boys…. My boys are here.”
Looking through the window, Evan is shocked, “Julia… is that Snow Flower? She looks like Snow Flower!”
“Go ask her, Evan.”
Walking into the room, Snow Flower looks at him and asks, “Blue Cloud, why are you dressed like that? And what happened to all your hair?”
“Snow Flower, how did you get here?”
“I came here to ask, Daniel to help me find our boys.”
“What happened to, Running Deer and Gray Wolf?”
“They’re missing.”
“They’re missing?”
“Yes. They had a new guide and he lost them. I never felt them in the afterlife, but I just felt them here. They’re here somewhere, Blue Cloud.”

* * *

“Look, Running Deer, all the way down this hall there are folded waves, just like the ones we put our heads through way above this dwelling. Only, listen…these waves are making sounds. It’s like they are calling to us.”
“Do you think that we should put our heads through these waves, Gray Wolf?”
“It looks the same, so it shouldn’t hurt. Let me try it first, Running Deer.”
Putting his head through the refracted, folded waves, Gray Wolf, finds himself looking under the water at several large fish.
“Running Deer look through this one. It has the biggest fish I have ever seen. It’s all water though, so take a huge breath before you put your head through it.”
Running Deer takes a breath, and sticks his head through the waves.
“Wow,” he thinks to himself as he looks at the many varieties of colorful fish under the water. One huge fish approaches him, curious as to what Running Deer is. Looking eye to eye, checking each other out, the fish touches her lips to his. Quickly pulling his head out he says, “That thing kissed me, with its cold, slimy lips!”
“It did? Let me look.” Gray Wolf puts his head through the portal again. By that time, another fish has taken its place and aggressively comes after Gray Wolf. This fish seems to know what the portal is and turns around to stick his huge tail through the entrance into the Hall of Corridors. Scooping Gray Wolf up, he flips him to the upper end of his tail. Gray Wolf hangs on and rides it like he would a horse. “Look at me, Running Deer. I’m riding this huge fish’s tail! And we’re not even in the water. We’re out in this hall.”
“Be careful, Gray Wolf.”
“I can handle it, my Brother. It’s just like riding a horse when it decides to jump up and down in the air. I can do it. After all, I am the second son of, Blue Cloud. He could ride anything! I will just remember his moves.”
“You’re doing a good job, Gray Wolf, but it’s so huge. I’d be careful.”
Wanting to be as heroic as his father, Gray Wolf hits the side of the fish. “Is that all that you can give me? I can take more than that! Come on show me what you’ve got!”
Moving faster and more violently from side to side, with an occasional up and down movement, Gray Wolf, holds on for dear life finally yelling, “My Brother, help me!”
As Running Deer rushes to help his brother, the movement of the tail catches him, and throws him through a portal on the opposite side of the hall. With two more strong movements from the fish tail, Gray Wolf finds himself on the floor of the Hall of Corridors. As the tail continues to whip back and forth, Gray Wolf is caught in the motion and pushed into a different portal on the same side of the hall, but further down.
Just as if the fish knew that he had won the challenge, he finally swims back into the great water from which it came, retracting its tail from the Hall of Corridors.
Silence fills the Hall of Corridors. The only thing left behind to show that anything has happened, is a large puddle of water on the floor, and two portals with their refraction moving in an opposite direction.

* * *

“What do you mean that our sons are here, Snow Flower?”
“Since the time I left to be with them, I’ve never felt their presence until just a little while ago.”
Daniel states, “A mother can always feel her children. Just a minute, let me ask my staff.”
“I’m concerned though. I can’t feel them anymore.” Looking at Blue Cloud she asks, “How did you know that I was here?”
“I didn’t. I was asked for my help and realized it was you.”
Going to his Security Chief, Daniel asks, “Have we had any disturbances lately?”
“We had two very short glitches coming from the Hall of Corridors. But I didn’t think anything about it because we have that same thing anytime that fish decides to stick its tail through the portal.”
“Do you have any visuals of the Hall of Corridors?”
“Always, Daniel….”
“Rewind it and let’s see if it was the fish or not.”
“OK.”
“Rewind it for fifteen minutes. Then let’s fast forward it until we see something.”
“Great idea, Daniel….”
“Say… It looks like two little boys. Wow! Look at that one ride the fish. He’s good!”
“Thank goodness. There they are. Let’s continue watching them and see what happens. I want to know why their mother can’t feel them now.”
After Daniel watches both boys being pushed through the portals, he asks, “Would you please document what time each one entered their portal. We have to know the precise time, so that we will know where they are in the universe.”
“Yes, sir, I’ll document the time.”
Returning to Snow Flower, Daniel reports, “I know where your boys are. Would you like to see?”
“Yes, of course.”
“All of you… please come with me.”
Following Daniel, to the Security Division, Snow Flower, Evan, Jon and Julia are shown the visual of the boys in the Hall of Corridors.
“Wow, look at my son ride.” Evan expresses with pride. “He’s doing a great job, don’t you think Snow Flower?”
“Yes, Husband, he looks just like you.”
“So… which one is which, Evan. I mean Blue Cloud.”
“The one riding the fish is Gray Wolf.” 
The visuals show Running Deer running to help his brother.
“No, Running Deer, stay away from the tail. It will be dangerous,” Evan cautions.
“As always, Running Deer runs to help his brother,” Snow Flower proudly states. 
With the silence of the hall and the absence of the two boys Snow Flower asks, “Where are they now, Daniel? I can’t see either of them.”
“Yes, what just happened, Daniel?” Jon asks.
“Running Deer was shoved into a portal across the hall from the fish. Gray Wolf was bucked off and shoved into a portal just down the hall from the fish, on the same side.”
“So, where are they now?” Evan questions.
“That’s what I’m trying to tell you. They’re in another dimension and another part of this universe.”
Anxious, Snow Flower asks, “Can we go and get them?”
“If you enter the portal now, you will not enter the same place that your boys entered. You could be hundreds, if not thousands, of miles away from them.”
“If we can’t, can you Daniel?” Snow Flower pleads.
“I can only enter a portal when someone is waiting for me to help them, as I have for Jon and Blue Cloud.”
“Daniel, I came here to get my boys. We know where they have gone. So, how do we get to them?” Snow Flower demands, as any mother would.
“…You and I mean all of you, if you so choose, will be able to enter the portals in a week. By that time, the portals will have repaired themselves from being entered without permission.”
“…A week?”
“Yes. I’m sorry, but if you want to enter the same place that your boys entered, you will have to wait. Blue Cloud, and Snow Flower, what would you like to do?”
“We’ll wait, Daniel.”
For right now, would you like to take a tour of the Hall of Corridors to see where your boys were?” Daniel asks.
“Yes.”
Walking toward the Hall of Corridors, Daniel notices that the doors are slightly ajar. Opening the door and walking down the hall, he notices the water from the fish. “Here is where the fish had its tail stuck through the portal. Do you see the water?”
Daniel continues, “Let’s walk down and make sure what portals they entered. The waves will look quite a bit different on the portals that they entered, than the other portals. Jon, and Julia, will you go across the hall and check the portals on that side? Evan…Blue Cloud, and Snow Flower, will you walk down the hall and check this side?”
Reporting back, Jon says, “Daniel, here is the one that, Running Deer, went through.”
“And here’s the one that, Gray Wolf, entered,” reports Snow Flower.”
“Both of these portals are very interesting eras. I want you to know, that my staff and I will watch your boys visually and make sure that nothing happens to them.” Daniel then cautions them, “But, as soon as you reach them, their safety will be in your hands.”
“Evan,” Jon asks, “Would it be all right if Julia and I helped you and, Snow Flower, find your boys?”
“Jon, I can’t tell you how much that means to me. Yes, I would love to have your help.”
“Jon, and Julia, Blue Cloud, and Snow Flower, would you like to hear my plan?” Daniel asks.
“Yes, Daniel.”
“Jon and Julia, you will go into the portal after Running Deer. Blue Cloud, and Snow Flower, you will go into the portal after Gray Wolf.”
Continuing, Daniel adds, “I will have a training camp ready for all of you to start in the morning. We have a week to prepare. Are you ready?”
“That sounds great Daniel.” Snow Flower looks at everyone else. “Are we all in agreement? Daniel will be our captain and train us. He will show us the way to find and bring home Running Deer, and Gray Wolf.”
“It sounds great, Snow Flower.”
“Daniel, how early do you need us to be ready in the morning?”
“Training will start right after a light breakfast. Your training clothes and gear will be brought to you each morning with a knock on the door, and set outside your room as a wakeup call.”
“Be ready to work hard. You must be ready to protect yourselves and your sons.
“Before you leave for a good night’s sleep, I would like to ask you to concentrate on relaxing, and opening your mind, so that all of the talents that you have had throughout your whole life, will return to you. In this way, the training that you will receive this week, will be ingrained quickly, and your chances to return safely will be increased. Now, good night my friends, morning will come quickly.”
The morning sun begins to enter through their windows.
KNOCK, KNOCK.
“Wake up call.”
“Blue Cloud, is it morning already?”
“Yes, my Wife, look at the window, the sun is shining.” Opening the door, each couple looks at the equipment left by their door.
“Wow! Look at this, swords along with bows and arrows. Do we ever have our work cut out for us?”
“Daniel said that we were to meet in the dining room for breakfast first, right?”
“He said that we would have a light breakfast and then the day would start.”
In the dining room, Blue Cloud and Snow Flower, Jon and Julia, are sitting down at the table.
“Good morning, students. Everything is prepared for the full week’s agenda,” Daniel announces.
“Each day you will have language, culture and cooking classes in the morning and evening. Just after lunch you will have horseback riding, fencing and archery. By the end of the day you will be glad to have a good night’s sleep,” Daniel says with a smile. “It will be a rigorous schedule, but by the end of the week, you will be glad for the knowledge that you will have gained. Follow me please.”
Walking out to the beach, everyone is surprised at the training area that has been created.
Evan looks at Julia, “And we thought that the police academy was intense. Look at this place.”
“Oh, my goodness, too bad that we won’t be partners here, you helped me through it Evan.”
“Knowing what I know about Jon, I think that you will get a lot more help with this equipment from him Julia.”
“After reading his notebook you could be right,” Julia responds with a huge smile.
Throughout the beginning of the week, the wake up calls seemed to come earlier and earlier, as everyone drags in from the night before. By the end of the week everyone begins getting up before the wake up call. Their riding skills have become as good as any professional. Their fencing and archery skills have improved to the point that they hit their mark every time. And, by now, they have each learned two new languages, how to cook local delicacies and understand the different cultures.
Snow Flower, excitedly talks to Julia. “Can you believe it? Two more days and we will leave to get my boys?”
“The time has gone by quickly, hasn’t it?  Snow Flower, Jon and I have been talking. We’d like to get married before we leave. What do you think?”
“That would be so wonderful, Julia. Have you thought about when you’d like to have your wedding?”
“What about the evening before we leave?”
“…Tomorrow?”
“Yes.”
“Great! It would give me something else to think about, and the time will go quicker. Is there anything I can do to help?”
“Yes. I would like you and Blue Cloud to stand with me and Jon during the ceremonies.”
“How are we going to get ready in two days?”
“I’ve already talked with, Daniel. He said that he would take care of everything, including our dresses.”
“Isn’t he something, Julia? He can arrange anything in any amount of time.”
As morning dawns, Daniel makes an announcement. “You have progressed so well, that we will only work on our projects for half of the day. In the evening, Jon and Julia will be getting married on the beach, as the sun begins to set. Your attire will be given to each of you right after lunch.”
As soon as lunch is finished, everyone is given their clothing for the evening. Snow Flower looks in the box that has been brought to her. “Julia, look at my dress! It’s gorgeous. Let’s look at yours.”
“I’m scared, Snow Flower. I don’t know if I want to see my dress before it’s time.”
“You have to Julia. How will you know how to do your hair?”
“Ok, ok. How would you describe your dress, Snow Flower?”
“Basically, this is gold elk hide, floor length and slit up the sides. Oooh, Julia, a leather headband with beaded strands and beautiful full feathers. I can’t believe it. It’s so beautiful! You would think that I was the one getting married.”
“Where are the shoes, Snow Flower?”
“I’m thinking, that because the wedding will be on the beach, that we will be barefoot.”
“You’re probably right.”
“Now, come on. Tell me about your dress, Julia.” Looking at Snow Flower, Julia smiles and says “You’re going to have to wait.”
“That’s not fair, Julia! I told you about my dress. Now, tell me about yours.”
“I want to talk to, Daniel first….”
Walking over to Daniel, Julia asks, “Is there a reason that my dress is red?”
“Yes, do you remember in the notebook, that Jon wrote how he would always remember the dress that he first saw you wearing in the Rose Garden, at the Abbey?”
“Yes, I remember now.”
“I felt that his first memory of you, as a young woman needed to be renewed at a better time. This is that time. Jon will be able to let go of his previous experiences, and your lives together now will forever flourish. You see, both of your lives have come full circle. This dress represents that circle, and the courage that sustained you both.
“I understand now, Daniel. Thank you for your insight.”
“Hurry, Julia. You only have three hours until the ceremony begins.”
As the sun begins to set, Snow Flower finally sees Julia in her dress.
“It’s beautiful. The material is so delicate that it sways with every step that you take.”
“Yes, I wasn’t sure at first, but after putting it on I just feel like it’s me. The small puffy shoulders make me feel like a little girl, but the long skinny sleeves going to a point at my middle finger, shows that I am a woman. And look at how the material is gathered in the middle, just below my bodice. That’s what makes the material move.”
“It’s stunning. What are the small white round pieces that are on your dress and crown?”
“They are called pearls. Daniel asked for the pearls to be added to make it look more stylish for this occasion. My crown is a half moon; a type of hat that the French women use to wear. Attached to the half moon, he added silvery white netting which, as you can see, elegantly covers my face and matches the color of the pearls.”
While Julia is telling Snow Flower about the details of her dress, Snow Flower is touching everything to feel the different textures.
“You are a beautiful bride, Julia. Are you ready to go?”
“Let’s look out the window before we go out there, shall we, Snow Flower?”
“Of course, I’ll count to three and then both of us will look through the first window that we see.”
“Ok, start counting”
“One, Two, Three….”
Turning around, both of them are caught off guard. “Julia, I’ve never seen anything so beautiful.”
“Daniel has thought of everything.”
“There’s torches that mark our path and surround the whole area that we will be in. There’s enough fire out there to light the sky.”
“Oh…wow, two white horses and a Red Rose trellis, Snow Flower.”
“And the rose petals… look at all the rose petals.”
“It’s so beautiful that I just want to cry.”
“Don’t you dare cry. You don’t want to greet your new husband with red eyes.”
“Well then, we had better get down there before the tears start coming.”
“Good idea. Follow me.”
Walking toward the trellis of Red Roses where Daniel is standing dressed in white, Snow Flower walks toward Blue Cloud. Julia begins walking toward Jon.
“My Queen, my true love,” Jon says to himself as tears come to his eyes. “We’re together as we always wished we would be. Everything has been worth it, just to experience this moment.”
As Julia walks to his side, Jon comments, “My favorite dress, Julia. How did you ever find it?”
“Daniel found a visual and had one made up that is similar, but he added the pearls. May, I say that you look like a prince today.”
“Yes, you may! It looks like Daniel wanted us to look like we match.”
Turning toward Daniel, they hold hands as he begins:
“May you always look toward the stars and remember who brought you together.”
“May you always make your decisions based only on what is right.”
“May your lives be full of happiness; your house full of laughter.”
AND
“May your hearts always be in tune with one another, forever joined together in an inescapable bond.”
Blue Cloud hands Daniel the rings. Daniel has had white gold single bands made, with images of roses and stars embossed on the outside of each band.
“Now is the time to exchange rings. Jon place this ring on
Julia’s finger…now Julia, place this ring on Jon’s finger.…”
“Jon and Julia, with all the powers that I hold, I pronounce you Husband and Wife! You may now seal your union with a kiss.”
The kiss of a life time passes between Jon and Julia as their hearts explode in an eternal happiness that completely fills their souls.
White horses are brought to them, and they ride away to a cottage that Daniel has arranged for them to stay in.
In the morning, Blue Cloud and Snow Flower are excited, laughing and running around the outside of the cottage, yelling and banging on drums.
“It’s time… It’s time to go… Get up... It’s time to get our sons.”
Coming out of the cottage, Jon and Julia hand Blue Cloud and Snow Flower swords and Red Rose Rings on a necklace for both of them to wear. In exchange, Blue Cloud and Snow Flower supply Jon and Julia with handmade bows and a quiver each, full of arrows.
Walking to the Hall of Corridors, they meet Daniel who tells them, “One thing that I can say, is that no harm will come to Running Deer and Gray Wolf, until after you find them. I don’t know how long it will take to find them, or where they will be found, but I can promise you that no harm will come to them while you are looking for them.”
Daniel continues, “My Children… remember that each Corridor has a different sense of time. We won’t know if the son you are trying to find will be the same age he is now. Or, if by the time you find him, he will have grown into a man.”
“Here is a bag of essentials that I feel that you will all need. I have also made a bracelet that has special powers for each of you. Do you see the rectangle flat crystal on top of each bracelet?”
“Yes.”
“When you need help or information, tap on the top three times.”
“What will happen when we tap on it three times?” Blue Cloud asks.
“I can only tell you that I will be there for you. Wear it on your left arm, just above your elbow.”
“Thank you, Daniel, for everything that you have taught us. Hopefully we will see you soon.”
Treysen runs down the Hall of Corridors. “Here they are, Daniel. We just finished them.” He hands the lockets to Daniel, who then distributes them to Snow Flower and Blue Cloud, Jon and Julia.
Snow Flower opens her locket first. “Blue Cloud, there is a picture of both Running Deer and Gray Wolf.”
“Yes, I thought that it would make your search easier if you had a picture of them.”
“I can’t tell you how much this means to me…to all of us, Daniel.”
Turning to Jon and Julia, Blue Cloud says, “Yes, these pictures will help a great deal…but there is something that we forgot to tell you that may also help you to find our son. When they were born, they each had a birth mark, the mark of a star, just over their hearts.”
“The pictures, and knowing about the birth mark, will help a great deal….Now the question that I have for you, Daniel, is can we send messages back and forth through these bracelets?”
“That is an excellent question, Jon. The answer is, yes. You can talk to each other through these bracelets.”
“So we can talk to each other, even though we will be in different eras?” Blue Cloud asks.
“Yes, actually we can have a three way conversation. But now it is time for all of you to enter your portals.”
As Daniel walks over to Jon and Julia they say to him, “Good bye, Daniel. Every time we look at the stars, we will think of you.”
“I will do the same, Jon, and Julia. May you come back in due time,” as they enter their portal, it closes behind them.
Walking over to Blue Cloud and Snow Flower, he says, “Good bye, Blue Cloud and Snow Flower. Hopefully, I will see you with your son shortly.”
“We will all see you soon, Daniel,” and they enter their portal. Stepping through the portal, it closes behind them.
“Treysen, do we have a visual on our couples?”
“Yes, sir…. Everything is going well so far.”
“Let me know if anything goes wrong.”
“I will, Daniel.”




Are Jon and Julia able to find Running Deer?
Will Blue Cloud and Snow Flower be able to find their son Gray Wolf?

Read of their adventures in Mysterious Destiny (Bright Lights and Thunder) currently being written.



UPDATE: MYSTERIOUS DESTINY
(BRIGHTS LIGHTS AND THUNDER, PART 1)
Will be released February 2012
This has been revised and will be released early in 2014


Keep up to date on the specific release day of each book in the
Mysterious Destiny series on the following web site:

 www.snowflowerpublishing.com
www.mysteriousdestiny.com
author.djholmes@gmail.com






