Mysterious Destiny
Bright Lights and Thunder – Part 1
By
D. J. Holmes




Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2012 by Donna Holmes

All rights are reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, or transmitted in any form or by any means whatsoever, without permission from the author, except in the case of a brief quotation embodied in critical articles and reviews. In this case, recognition should be given in written form, in the article or review, to the author’s name, D. J. Holmes, along with the name of the book, Mysterious Destiny (Bright Lights and Thunder - Part I)

Contact Information - snowflowerpublishing@gmail.com
author.djholmes@gmail.com

ISBN-13: 978-0-9845576-2-2 - HARD COPY
ISBN-10: 0-9845576-2-8
ISBN-13: 978-0-9845576-4-6 – ELECTRONIC COPY
ISBN-10: 0-9845576-4-4

Mysterious Destiny™
Book Cover by Miss Mae
Smashwords format by L. K. Campbell
Snow Flower Publishing LLC Logo™

Library of Congress Control Number: 2011915808
This is the second in a series of Mysterious Destiny Mystery/Romance Novels.

Mysterious Destiny (Bright Lights and Thunder - Part I)
Author: D.J. Holmes
Editors: Jaimie, Chad, Braden, Christian, Donna, Stacey, Geri and Annell.

Web Sites Created By: Chad Holmes
Published By: Snow Flower Publishing
Donna Holmes
Spanish Fork, Utah 84660

FIRST EDITION: APRIL, 2012
SECOND EDITION: FEBRUARY, 2014
THIRD EDITION: APRIL, 2014
FOREWORD


The focus of this book is on one very important historical character who lived in the last part of the Hundred Years War, between England and France. Her character, and focus in her life toward all human beings, should be an example for every person born on earth. This person is not a figment of anyone’s imagination. She did live! She was important for the well being of the human race in her life time, and the author feels that she is just as important today. (Her name is Jehanne and it pronounced - sjon a.)
The author has taken creative liberty in writing this fictional story by adding some of her main characters, Running Deer, Jon and Julia. While it is based loosely on fact, it is meant to let the reader know that just as this historical figure was prepared for her time to serve mankind, we are all prepared for the lives that we are meant to live. From the day that we are born, we are prepared for our moment in history. 
(For your information, at the end of this book there are several French words listed, which are used in the story, and how they should be pronounced.)
Additionally I would like to add:
If you have not read the first book, Mysterious Destiny Beckoning Corridors, here is a very important part of the puzzle.
Daniel, owner and manager of the Beach House, is a main character in each book of this series. While living with his beautiful wife and two children on their own planet, he found a worm hole, a tunnel in time, a way to secretly leave their world and travel to safety.  With great hope he made plans to take his family and to travel through it to the planet, Earth.  
His own story while living on Gliese, in the Libra Galaxy, is told throughout the Mysterious Destiny Series.  Now on Earth he listens, he heals and he helps each character to fulfill their destiny. Within his Beach House on the lower level in the Hall of Corridors, are the portals which transport each character to their designated point in time.



* * *
CAUTION: WHILE THE MYSTERIOUS DESTINY SERIES IS FAMILY FRIENDLY, THE CONTENTS OF THE SERIES IS NOT MEANT FOR ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 12.
* * *
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


This is the second book in the Mysterious Destiny series. As with Beckoning Corridors the first book, Bright Lights and Thunder-Part I, now the second book, would never have happened without the constant influence and support from God, my wonderful children, grandchildren and friends.

THANK YOU SO MUCH: Chad, Jaimie, Christian, Braden, Geri, Stacey and Annell, for your patience, your constant encouragement, and suggestions. With all your help, this book has evolved into what it is today. Isn’t it amazing how a book takes on a life of its own?

My children, grandchildren and friends I hope that while reading this book, your heart will feel as mine did as the words came to me.

May you always know, and feel the love that I have for each one of you,

D. J. Holmes

SIGNATURE PAGE


Through the experiences that we have no control over, life can send you into the very   depths of despair…
OR
It can be full of wonderful, unexpected, simple fulfilling pleasures.
My hope is that your life will be the latter.

Sincerely,
D. J. Holmes

Chapter 1


With the heat of the hot afternoon sun beating on their backs, Jehanne and Pierre are grateful as a cool wind finally comes from the north, helping to make their long ride bearable. Their French standards of sky blue cloth and gold fleur de lis’ flap back and forth with each gust of wind as they travel from their King's Coronation, to their next place of battle with the English.
Minutes later, behind them on the hill and to their side, the sound of horses hooves can be heard riding toward them in great haste. In war, one can never feel safe until they know who is coming in their direction. Looking behind them to see if they are friend or foe, they quickly notice a dark red cross in the middle of white cloth strapped to the side of each horse. All riders are poised with their bows and arrows ready to shoot.
“The English, how did they get here, I thought that we had secured this area?”
“Apparently they slipped through, Jehanne. Let’s get to our troops where we will be safe.”
Kicking the sides of their horses their speed increases, but not enough.
“JEHANNE, GIVE YOUR HORSE ITS FULL STRIDE!!!” Pierre yells as he keeps his horse’s stride controlled not wanting to leave her behind.
“I AM, PIERRE!” she yells, looking up and over to her right.
“THE ENGLISH ARE CATCHING UP TO US. WE NEED TO GO FASTER!” he continues.
“WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO, PIERRE? MY HORSE DOESN’T HAVE THE STRIDE THAT YOURS HAS!”
“GET UP HERE BEHIND ME,” he says patting his horse’s back just behind his high back saddle.
“AND JUST HOW DO I DO THAT?” She quickly asks, thinking that he is a bit crazy.
Extending his left hand, Pierre demands, “JEHANNE, TAKE MY HAND AND STAND UP. GET BEHIND ME.”
“BUT… WHAT ABOUT FATHER’S HORSE?”
“MOVE NOW! WE HAVE NO TIME TO LOSE.” Watching the English from the corner of his eye, Pierre notices that they have begun to come up on both sides. “JEHANNE…NOW!” he desperately yells.
Still galloping, Jehanne quickly stands up on her saddle. Pierre positions his horse slightly forward so that it will be easier for Jehanne to get up behind him. Instantly letting go of the reins, Jehanne makes the transition. Swinging her right leg over to sit down behind Pierre, she feels the excruciating pain of an arrow finding its place in the flesh of her thigh.
Many more arrows pass them as they race towards another grove of trees trying to evade their pursuers. Not realizing that Jehanne has been hit, Pierre kicks his horse again giving it full rein and finally the freedom to go as fast as it can. With their speed accelerated, they effortlessly leave the English behind.
As Jehanne and Pierre disappear over the ridge and through the trees, out of frustration the English commander signals with his right hand for his troops to stop, shouting, “I PUT MY BEST ARCHERS IN THE FRONT AND YOU MISS BOTH OF THEM!”
“What do you mean?” An archer speaks up, “I got her. I know that one of my arrows hit her right thigh.”
“Are you sure?” the commander demands with a half smile.
“I’m positive. Just as she was swinging her leg over, my arrow, found its mark.”
“If you are right, they will be stopping soon. All we have to do is to scour the countryside to find them.”
“But, we will be going where more people are loyal to the newly crowned King.”
“When has that stopped us before?”
“It hasn’t, but since we’ve stopped anyway, can we rest before we journey any farther?”
“No! That was Jehanne. Do you know how much money we could get if we captured her?” their commander reminds them.
With renewed vigor, the soldiers begin to ride as fast as they can, yet even with all their eagerness, the English horses are still no match for Pierre’s ‘Charger’, a beautiful black stallion that Jean de Metz had given to him when they first met.
Coming to the outside of a small village, Jehanne finally says, “Pierre, I need to rest.”
Still looking forward and pressing his horse to go as fast as it can, Pierre answers, “Jehanne, we don’t have time to rest. I told your Mother and Father that I would protect you. The English will be looking for you…. They will be looking for both of us.”
Feeling her slump to his left side, he quickly moves his left arm up and behind him catching her. Realizing that something must be wrong, he pulls back on the reins to slow his horse down, and rides to a nearby cottage.
“HELLO, IN THERE,” Pierre yells. “WOULD YOU HELP US?”
Barely opening the front door, the occupant yells back, “WHAT DO YOU NEED?”
Pierre cautiously states, “To whom are you loyal, the English, or the French?”
“I and my household are loyal to the new French King. Why do you ask?”
“Because this is Jehanne, and I need your help…. But I must warn you, the English are just a short distance behind. If you help us, it could bring great harm to you and your family.”
“Are you saying that this is Jehanne, the great commander of our French soldiers?” he questions as he opens the door wider and walks out.
“The very same Sir, the English are looking for us. Would you be frightened if they found us in your home?”
“In times like this, everyone is frightened. But it is better to stand for what is right, even though we are afraid of our enemies. Jehanne has done so much for France, it would be wrong to turn her away.”
Calling his family members, the man of the house asks them to help. As they gently take her down from his horse, Pierre, little by little, let’s go of Jehanne, watching as they carefully take her into their cottage.
Finally seeing the arrow in her thigh, pangs of sadness fill his soul. Looking to the ground, Pierre says, “Had I known, Jehanne, I would have stopped long ago.” Taking a breath and finally getting a hold of his emotions, he dismounts his horse. The man of the house and his son-in-law come out of the cottage, leaving Jehanne with his wife and daughter.
“Let me introduce myself. My name is Juste, and this is my daughter’s husband, Adrien. My wife’s name is Eloise and my daughter is Delphine.”
“I’m glad to know you. My name is Pierre.”
Juste asks Adrien, “Would you please take the saddle off of Pierre’s horse and put it in the shed? Then I’ll take his beautiful black stallion and let it run with our own horses.”
Walking back to Pierre, he says, “There, everything is taken care of.” He adds, “We don’t have much, but you are welcome to what we have. Are you hungry?”
“I am, but we must take care of Jehanne first.”
“My wife is already seeing to that.”
Walking into their cottage, Juste introduces Pierre to his daughter. “Pierre, this is Delphine. As you can see… it is almost time for my daughter to give birth to her first child.”
“Congratulations,” Pierre states, as he looks in her direction.
Jehanne has been placed in the back bedroom just off of the main room and front of the cottage in a bed, large enough for one person, pushed up against the wall.
“This is Pierre, Eloise,” Juste introduces his new friend to his wife.
Looking up for a short moment with a smile on her face, she greets him with “Hello,” as she continues to care for Jehanne.
Seeing the concern on Pierre’s face Eloise begins to describe what she has done for Jehanne, “The arrow went almost completely through her thigh. I felt the best thing to do would be to carefully push it through the rest of the way, break off the arrow and slowly pull out the shaft.”
The pained look on Pierre’s face initiates a response from Eloise.
“Oh, don’t worry, she is still unconscious. I think that it’s her way of healing. But she’s lost a lot of blood and is still quite weak. Her leg is completely bandaged. Now all I have to do is to clean up the bedding.”
The sound of many horses can be heard quickly riding toward their cottage. Pierre instantly stands up and looks through the window. “It’s the English. Do you have a back door?”
“Yes, but Jehanne is too weak, and still unconscious.”
Delphine quickly walks over to her father. “I have an idea. I will pretend that I am in labor. Put Pierre and Jehanne under the bed and I will be on top, making it look like the baby is coming. They won’t bother to come close to me. That way they won’t see the blood on the bedding, and they won’t check under the bed.”
“There is only room for one person under the bed!” her father states with concern.
“Not if one is on top of the other,” Delphine points out.
As if a light goes on in his head, Juste quickly starts giving instructions. “Adrien, quickly, help me move the bed. Pierre, lay down on your back on the floor, we’ll put Jehanne on top of you. That way you can hold her still and if she wakes up, you can keep her quiet.” Pierre quickly lies down on his back on the floor in the corner, and Jehanne is placed on her stomach on top of him. “Quickly now, put the bed over them…Delphine they are at the door. Get on the bed…Eloise, help Delphine… Adrien, come with me. We will answer the door.”
“Father, Pierre is longer than the bed. It doesn’t cover him,” Delphine says, as her eyes widen and her face flushes with concern.
Quickly walking back into the bedroom, Juste points to a trunk just under the window on the other side of the room. “Adrien…pull that trunk over and place it at the end of the bed so that his feet won’t show.”
Walking to the front door Juste looks back toward the bedroom door before Adrien closes it, to see if anyone could see Pierre’s feet, in case the soldiers become curious and decide to open the bedroom door.
“Quiet, everyone,” he whispers.
With everyone in their place, Juste opens the cottage door. “Hello, Sir, what can I help you with?”
“Have you seen any strangers around here?”
“No, Sir, we have been enjoying our time as a family.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, I am very sure, Sir.”
Opening the door and pushing his way in, the English soldier begins to look around. Walking toward the back bedroom, he notices a few drops of blood on the floor. Bending down to touch it, he says, “This is fresh blood!”
Shocked that there is blood on the floor… but not missing a beat, Juste answers, “Oh, yes it is. My daughter is in labor and we haven’t had time to clean it up. Everything is happening so quickly.”
Hearing commotion coming from the back room, the soldier opens the door to see what is happening.
“Sir, allow us some privacy. My daughter is birthing her first child,” Eloise pleads.
While the soldier stands at the threshold of the bedroom door, he quickly looks around the room. Finally shutting the door, he walks back toward Juste, “I’m sorry to have bothered you and your family. May your daughter have an easy time or it. I remember my wife’s first child it was so hard for her.”
“It is nice of you to be kind to us, Sir. Would you like something to eat?” Juste asks.
“I would. We have been riding for such a long time. It seems good to be in a cottage.”
“Do you mind if I check on my daughter, and ask my wife what there is to eat?”
“I don’t mind. I’ll wait right here for you.”
“Please make yourself comfortable, Sir.”
“Thank you,” he responds as he sits down.
As Juste walks into the back room, he tells his wife what he has done.
“Why did you do that? Wouldn’t it have been better to get them out of our cottage as soon as we could?” she whispers.
“They would have gone just a short distance away and watched our every move. This way they will think that there is no one here. And when they leave, they will not look back.”
Eloise comments, “I’m sure you know what is best, Juste.”
Looking at his daughter, he quietly says, “I am sorry. You will have to pretend a little longer.”
“Father, my pretending has turned into the real thing.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean that the baby is coming.”
“…Now?”
“Yes, now!”
Under the bed, Pierre can hear everything that is going on, while Jehanne is still in a deep sleep. Having her head on his chest, just under his chin, feels so natural. Feelings radiating from his heart continue to grow, just as they had the first day he met her. Now having time to think his mind wanders remembering how he first came to Jehanne’s family. “What a strange way to meet such a wonderful woman.”
Soon, Pierre hears Juste say to his wife, “I had better go back to the main room, before he begins to think that something is going on. Please, sweet heart, if there is anything that I can help you with, call me.”
“I will. But for right now, this is a woman’s world,” Eloise states emphatically.
After Juste walks back into the main room, the soldier states, “I appreciate your kindness, but I have been thinking, this is a time when only family should be gathered, not a bunch of strangers. So, my soldiers and I will go.” As he walks to the door, he turns around. “This whole situation makes me miss my children.”
Opening the door and looking out at his men, he says, “They’re not here. We’ll have to look in other places.” Turning back to Juste, he says, “Good luck to you and your family.”
“Thank you.”
As soon as the soldiers are a safe distance away, Juste runs into the back room. “They are gone…the soldiers are gone.”
“Good timing, Juste. The baby’s head is showing, ask Adrien to come in here, please.”
“So soon… this is her first baby, shouldn’t it take a lot longer?”
“Apparently not….”
“Adrien…. Adrien, come. Come quickly. Your child is being born.” Soon the baby is heralding his entrance into the world with a healthy cry.
Startled, Jehanne’s eyes open. Looking around at her surroundings, and finally up at Pierre she asks, “Is that a baby?”
“Yes, Jehanne, it is. Are you ok?”
“I’m fine.” Lifting her head off of his chest, she realizes that there is something above her. “Where are we?”
“…Underneath a bed.”
“Have I been unconscious?”
“Yes.”
“…For how long?”
“Long enough for the English soldiers to come here looking for us, and for a baby to be born.”
“Darn…I missed all of the excitement!” she says with disappointment.
Eloise can hear Jehanne and Pierre talking. “I’m sorry. As soon as I clean the baby and take care of my daughter, we will move the bed.”
From the moment Jehanne and Pierre first met, they have had a connection that neither one of them understood, but enjoyed immensely. With an excuse to be close to each other, Pierre says with a smile, “Don’t worry about us. We’re fine…. Take care of your family.”
Jehanne adds, “You don’t need to hurry. We’re both comfortable.” Laying her head back on Pierre’s chest, she can hear his heart beating faster and faster. Within her own body, she can feel her heart beating at the same pace, keeping time with his.
“KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK.” The sudden shock of that loud sound startles everyone.
Walking to the door, Juste sees the same English soldier that had just been in his cottage a short time earlier.
“Hello again, Sir, I didn’t hear any horses approaching our home. Is there something that I can do for you?”
“Did I hear voices coming from your back room?” he asks.
“Why, yes, you did…my wife and I, and my daughter’s husband are so excited. The baby was just born. We just experienced his first cry.”
“A boy huh…your daughter had a boy?”
“Yes, how did you know?” Juste answers with his eyes widened.
“You said, ‘his’ first cry.”
“Yes Sir, a boy. A fine boy,” he responds, relieved that the commander hadn’t heard his earlier conversation with Jehanne and Pierre.
“Well, I just had to come back. Something was bothering me. Over there with your horses,” pointing his finger in their direction, “as I was leaving, I noticed a ‘Stallion’. It’s rare that a peasant has a ‘Stallion’, particularly a ‘Destrier,’ in with his other horses.”
“What makes you think that it is a ‘Destrier’? I was told that it was a ‘Charger’.”
“It is a ‘Charger’, but it is the highest quality ‘Charger’.”
“And how do you know that?”
“By the way that it stands.”
Looking in the direction of Pierre’s horse, Juste says, “Oh looking at it now, I can see what you mean…. As I am a simple peasant, I didn’t realize that there was any difference in ‘Chargers’. All I can tell you is that I did some work for a Knight. He was short on what he owed me, so he left one of his ‘Chargers’ with me. When he gets enough money to pay his bill, he will come back here and pay me in full. Plus, what it costs to feed his horse.”
“I knew that there had to be some explanation for it to be here. Thank you.” The commander turns around and walks to his horse. As he rides away, he says to one of his soldiers. “He’s lying. I want to leave you here with three other soldiers. Stay over there out of sight,” pointing to a grove of trees, “and watch this cottage. Just in case I’m wrong, I will take everyone else with me and we will continue to look for Jehanne. We can all use that reward!”
“Yes Sir.”
Inside the cottage, Juste says, “They’re gone…again.”
Everyone smiles, quietly laughing to themselves.
Eloise announces, “Mother and baby are finally ready. Juste, will you and Adrien move this bed so that Pierre and Jehanne can get out from under it?”
“Oh, that’s right. They are still under the bed,” Juste comments with a smile.
After the bed is moved, Pierre rolls over allowing Jehanne to lie on her back on the floor. He gets up bends back down and picks her up in his arms, so that she won’t have to walk on her leg. “Jehanne, why didn’t you tell me you had an arrow in your leg?”
“I wanted you to concentrate on getting us away from the English.”
“Well, you scared me when you slumped over. I didn’t know what had happened to you.”
Looking at him with a smile, she says, “Well, now you know what happened. And now you know that I am fine. As long as you are by my side, Pierre, I know that I will be all right.”
Looking deeply into her eyes, he pulls his arms tighter around her for a moment. This is his way of agreeing with her, letting her know that he will always protect her. Walking over to the side of the bed, he sits her down in a chair.
Juste looks at both of them. “So this is Jehanne, the Commander that has done so much for us?”
“Yes, and Jehanne, this is Juste and his wife Eloise. The mother of the child is Delphine. Her husband is Adrien.”
“Hello, to all of you,” she says. “Thank you for everything that you have done for both of us.” Looking over at the baby, Jehanne asks, “May I hold this wonderful child?”
Pleased that she would ask, Delphine states, “I would be honored, Jehanne.”
“I have never seen anything so beautiful in all my life,” Jehanne says, as she holds out her hands. Pulling the child closer and looking down at him, she states, “I will make a promise to you little one. I will do everything that I can to end this hundred years war. During all these years it has destroyed too many families, and taken too many lives; I don’t want it to take yours, little man.” She continues to hold the child as it looks up at her, reaching with its small hand to hold her finger.

***

After years and years of war with England, many of the French royals and common people, tired of the persistent wars and constant chaos within their country, are ready to give up and become part of England. Edward III, King of England, has organized his government and rules with an iron hand bringing law and order to his country.
During this time, France has had a King who, because he is mentally incapacitated, (what some would call mad), has lost control of his country, and cannot protect his people. Burgundy, in Northwest France, decides to split from France and becomes allied with England.
As the wars continue, France is fighting on two fronts: French royals fighting against other French royals, and against the English, while the English are concentrated on one front, against the French. The wars devastate most of France’s countryside and generations of both English and French are killed, as the royals continue their fight to win control of the people and to gain the title of King of France.

***
~19 YEARS EARLIER ~

In Northeast France, along the border of Compiegne and Lorraine, a beautiful village lies next to the Meuse River, by the name of Domremy.
“MOTHER, I CAN HEAR FATHER AND HIS MEN RETURNING,” ten year- old Jacquemin yells.
“Are you sure that it is him, Jacquemin?” she questions.
“Yes, I’m very sure. When I heard horses coming down the road, I ran to the window to make sure. I saw the standards that father and his men fly.”
Excited, Isabelle yells, “HE’S BACK, MY SONS. YOUR FATHER IS BACK!” Running out the front door, Isabelle sees that her husband has survived yet another battle.
“JACQUE,” she yells waving her right hand over her head, and holding her very pregnant belly with her left, as her husband rides toward their cottage.
Getting off of his horse, the strong, six foot tall, physically fit Jacque, quickly walks over to his petite wife. Gently pulling her into his strong arms, her head rests on his strong chest, just under his chin. Jacque holds Isabelle as if someone is going to tear them apart. “Isabelle, I’ve missed you so much,” he says with unbridled emotion.
Looking up at her husband, Isabelle is going to reply, when at that very moment, she hears small footsteps running toward them from their cottage. Turning around, she sees their three sons running toward their father.
“Father, I knew it was you,” Jacquemin states proudly.
“FATHER!” both Jean and Pierre, three and four years old, yell each picking one of their father’s legs to grab on to.
“All of my family looks well and happy,” he says with pride as he looks into his wife’s bright, shining, blue eyes.
After he rubs each son’s head, and looks at them with a smile, he turns his complete attention back to his wife. Softly rubbing her extended belly, he asks, “And how is our youngest child doing?” Feeling a foot push out with a kick into the palm of his hand he comments, “This one sure is strong.”
“Yes, Jacque. It’s very active. We only have a couple of months left until we can see if it is a boy or a girl.”
“I just want this child to be as healthy as our other ones have been.”
“From the strong movement and kicks that it gives me, I don’t think we have to worry about that,” Isabelle assures him.
“Father, would you like me to take care of your horse?” Jacquemin asks.
“I would appreciate that very much, Jacquemin. I can’t wait to sit down on something that is not moving!”
Jacque puts his right arm around his wife’s shoulders and he pats Jacquemin’s head, as his son takes his horse. With Jean and Pierre now sitting down on the tops of their father’s boots, Jacque and Isabelle slowly walk into their cottage.
“Jean, I don’t think that father knows we are sitting here,” Pierre whispers to his brother.
Quietly laughing, Jean leans over to Pierre, “I know.”
After a few steps Jacque smiles, “Isabelle, my feet have become a lot heavier. What have you been feeding our sons?”
Walking into their cottage, she answers, “They want to get as big as their father, Jacque.”
As soon as the door is closed, Jacque grabs both Jean and Pierre with his strong arms, and says, “If that’s what they want, then that’s what they will get.” And he begins to tickle his youngest sons. Jean and Pierre happily laugh, as they try to run from their father.
“Jacque, they are going to be too tired to eat,” Isabelle cautions.
“Ah, then all the more for me,” he laughs, as he continues to tickle them.
Jacquemin returns from taking care of the horse. He looks over at his father, smiling and quietly laughing he helps his mother put food on the table.
“It’s ready Jacque,” Isabelle states, loving the laughter that is in her home.
“Boys, mother says that dinner is ready.” Turning around, Jacque starts to walk to the table. Jean jumps onto his back, as Pierre grabs one of his legs. “I guess you’d rather wrestle than eat. Is that so?”
“Of course, Father. Mother never wrestles with us.”
“Mother is going to have a little brother or sister for you. You don’t want her to get hurt, do you?”
“No, of course not, Father. We wouldn’t want to hurt mother.”
“Well then, let’s do what mother has asked us to do, alright?”
Adding to what her husband is saying, Isabelle states, “Can’t you smell those wonderful rolls? Jacquemin, Jean, Pierre, you all love them.”
Grabbing her around the waist, Jacque says, “What about me, my love? They are my favorite also.”
Looking back at her husband, Isabelle says with a twinkle in her eyes, “I thought that I was your favorite, Jacque.”
“Now, that goes without saying. But the boys and I have something in common, and that is a love for your famous rolls. So let’s eat….”
Sitting down with his family for the first time in several weeks, tears unexpectedly come to his eyes. Holding out his hands to each child sitting next to him, he says, “Before we eat, let’s thank the Lord for everything that we have…..”
Holding hands and bowing their heads, Jacque begins, “Father in Heaven, while I was in battle, I saw so many people who had very little to sustain them. Please watch over them. Protect them and help them to have the things that they need…. I want to thank you for my wonderful sons, and for the new little one that will shortly join us…. Father, thank you for helping me to find such a wonderful wife…. Thank you for watching over her, and over our little family. Thank you for this food and for everything that you have seen fit for us to have, in the name of Thy Son, Amen.”
Without a moment to spare, everyone begins passing the food around the table, filling up their plates. Everyone is happy to have father home. While they sit as a complete family, eating the wonderful food their mother has made, each one takes their turn talking about everything that has happened while their father was away.
Time goes quickly. Noticing that the fire has begun to flicker, Jacque adds more wood. After they finish their meal, he asks, “Jacquemin, would you like to play our war board game?”
“Yes, Father. I’ll go get it.”
“While you get the game, I’ll take your brothers to their beds, since both of them have fallen asleep at the table. Isabelle, look. Pierre has rolled his face over into his food.”
“Usually, it’s Jean that does that, Pierre must really be tired. Before you put them in bed, I’ll clean their hands and face.”
“Do you mind if we get Pierre first? I wouldn’t want him to start eating in his sleep,” Jacque jokes.
After Pierre is cleaned up, Jacque lifts him up and takes him to his room while Isabelle cleans up Jean.
After both boys are in their beds, Jacque looks over at his wife, who is now washing the dishes.
Noticing how hard it is for her to stand close enough to wash the dishes with her fully extended belly, Jacque suggests to Jacquemin, “Before the game, why don’t you and I clean up the dishes since your mother made the meal?”
“Yes, Father.”
Taking Isabelle’s hand, Jacque leads her to the rocking chair. “I want you to sit here while Jacquemin and I take care of this for you.”
“Oh, it’s nice to have my man home again.” Isabelle sits down.
“You just rest and watch your belly move from the robust little one that you are carrying.”
Isabelle watches her husband and son clean the dishes and her cooking area, as she rocks back and forth with her hands on her belly. Soon the dishes are done, and the war board game is put on the floor in front of the fire place.
“Jacquemin, make sure that you always have someone looking down from the highest vantage point so that you will be aware of where the enemy is. The only way that you will win a war is to know where your enemy is, how many there are and where they are going.”
Throughout the evening, Jacquemin and Jacque laugh as they move their troops around, trying to best each other in battle.
“I won this one, Father.”
“You did Jacquemin. You’ll have to tell me how you did that.”
“It was simple…my lookout high on that mountain over there told me where you were.”
Smiling and proud of his son, Jacque complements him, “Ahhh, the highest vantage point….” Good job, you have learned a very important lesson tonight.
The embers in the fireplace begin to cool once again. Looking up at his wife, Jacque whispers, “Look, Jacquemin, mother has fallen asleep. Maybe it’s time for all of us to go to our beds, son.”
“I am getting a little tired, Father.”
“Fine, I’ll take mother and put her in bed. You go to your bed, alright?”
“…Alright.”
Picking up his wife, Jacque walks softly trying not to wake her up, and puts her in their bed. As she is lying on her back, Jacque notices that the child in her belly is moving back and forth, pushing with both its arms and legs.
“…Calm down, little one. It’s time to go to sleep,” Jacque whispers, as he softly puts his hand on her belly. Slowly the movement stops, and Jacque covers his wife with a blanket.
As he gets into bed, he expresses to himself, “It feels sooooo good to sleep in a nice soft bed. I love these blankets; they are big enough to cover me completely so that I can finally get a warm night’s sleep.”
Soon, his nice soft snoring sends a rhythm throughout their cottage.
With the morning sounds of their animals, Jacque and his sons wake up. The smell of breakfast being cooked fills their cottage making their stomach’s growl.
Walking into the cooking area, Jacques stands for a short time watching his wife prepare breakfast. “It’s like watching a dance when you cook, my love.”
“Yes, well wait until you taste what I am cooking. You’ll feel like you have been to the King’s Ball.”
“Does the King have a Ball?”
“Not one that we have been invited to. But, if we were, this is what it would taste like.”
“Actually, Isabelle, not one of the King’s Chefs could cook as well as you do.”
“Now you see, Jacque,” Isabelle states, as she points a wooden spoon toward her husband, “that’s why I love you. No matter what I do, you never criticize me.”
“That’s because there’s nothing to criticize, my love…. Is that the only reason that you love me?”
“No. That’s just one of many reasons,” she says with a smile. “Now sit down and eat. You’ve been gone a long time, and there is a lot to do to get this place back in shape.”
As the boys walk in from their room Isabelle states, “Sit down my sons we have a lot to do today.”
After breakfast, Jacque and Jacquemin take the sheep to graze. Pierre and Jean stay close to home with their mother, feeding the chickens, and drying the food that they have been able to harvest from their garden.
Walking to the common grazing area, Jacque says to his son, “Jacquemin, look at the beautiful sun.”
“Yes, Father.”
“Have you noticed that it’s different every day?”
“Different…?”
“Different!”
“Father, everyday it’s round, bright and warm.”
Finally arriving at their grazing area, Jacque continues their conversation as they lean against a huge boulder.
“Every day is a new day son. It may look the same, but it isn’t. Each day the Sun has a new personality. One day, the clouds come between the Sun and the Earth, making it look like they are covering it. Other days, the clouds are white, and the sky is the brightest blue, making the Sun look even brighter. The clouds are different colors on other days, as the Sun peeks through them. Yet, on another, it’s so hot we are looking for some type of shade. That’s kind of how it is today, isn’t it, Jacquemin?”
“Yes. I’m glad that this boulder is bigger than I am. I can get in its shade.”
Jacque adds, “Have you noticed, that on some days, we are so busy that we don’t even notice that the sun is up. We just take its light and warmth for granted, but the sun never lets us down. It appears everyday heralding a new beginning. It encourages us with its warmth throughout the day, giving us light to make it possible for us to be able to do our work. Then it leaves so that we can rest. But like a good friend, we can count on it to come the very next day.”
“I hadn’t thought of it like that Father.”
“It’s an amazing gift that everyone on this Earth has been given….”
Hearing horses approach, Jacque commands, “Jacquemin, hide behind the boulder, and don’t come out unless I tell you to.”
As Jacque turns around, he notices that the riders have an English standard that they are carrying. They look like they have traveled a great distance from the dirt that is on them and their horses. Their tired expressions show that they are not ready to fight, but will if they have to.
“What can I do for you, Captain?” he asks.
“My men are hungry. If you will give me two of your sheep, we will not cause any trouble in your town,” the English Captain promises.
“Is that an English man’s promise?” Jacque questions knowing that an English promise could not be trusted.
“This is a promise between men, Sir. We are on our way back to Paris. With full stomachs we will have a good night’s sleep, and in the morning we will leave your area,” the Captain promises.
“Then take what you need Captain, and safe journey to you.”
“Thank you, Sir, may your future be promising.”
“The same to you and your men….”
As the English leave with the two sheep, Jacquemin slowly comes out from behind the boulder. “Father why didn’t you fight those men, you could have handled them.”
“Jacquemin, this is a good lesson for you to learn. One must learn to choose their battles.”
“He was English, Father! We are French! I thought that we were supposed to fight with the English,” he says still angry that his father let the English get away without a fight.
“We are to fight with the English when we need to protect ourselves, Jacquemin. In this situation the Captain wasn’t here to fight. He was looking for food for his men. He was only going to fight if he had to, to get food. There was no reason to fight since we could spare two sheep. Remember, my son, choose your battles!”
“So we don’t have to fight all the time, Father?”
“No, Jacquemin, only when we have to protect ourselves, our families, our homes and land, our animals, crops and in my case, my troops. But I want you to remember this. When it is a choice between your home, land, animals, crops and your family? Your family always wins!”
Throughout the rest of the day, Jacque watches his son and his sheep, making sure that they are safe from wandering English troops who are looking for trouble.
Arriving at their cottage in the evening, Jacquemin runs to tell his mother what happened between the English, and his father.
“I am glad to see that you are both all right, Jacque,” Isabelle states.
“I am glad to see that nothing happened to our village, and that the English Captain kept his word, Isabelle.”
The winter snow begins to get high enough that creativity is used to get the chores done. Pierre and Jean are so small that they need to be carried on their father’s shoulders every time they help him take care of their animals.
After the chores are done, Jacque sits with a book in his hands in front of the fire, reading to his children. Looking up at his wife, he comments, “I love the winter time, Isabelle. As soon as the snow comes, the fighting slows down, and there’s more time to spend with my family.”
“What I love is that the English don’t like to come this far east, and our town is free from those insufferable marauding English troops. They are so crude, and always at least half drunk. They don’t even remember the pain and havoc that they cause others. OR… maybe they don’t care. That’s why I love the snow, because it keeps the English away. And,” walking to her husband, she puts her arms around his neck, “it keeps you here, Jacque.”
While still holding the book, he puts his left hand up on her arm. They both lovingly watch and laugh, as their children begin to play the war board game on the floor. Jacquemin, Pierre and Jean play their roles as soldiers and commanders, moving their men around, winning and losing wars throughout the day in the warmth of their cottage.

***

The Hundred Years War has been very hard on France as a whole. Many generations have no idea what it means to live in peace. All they know is that they have to carry weapons at all times to protect themselves and their families.
Because the loyalties of their French neighbors change each day, they have to stay vigilant. The French royals make promises that they do not intend to keep. They do this all for the sake of their own greed, trying to maneuver their way to become the ruling family of France.
While the commoners, out of survival or greed, change their loyalties towards the different French Royal families because of what they are promised, one thing that most of the French have in common is their hatred for the English; the English have taken everything from them. Their land has been pillaged, and their families have been ravaged. Though they hate and fight the English, they do it half heartedly because they have been told that the English have the most powerful army in the whole world. It is because of this belief that they have lost sight of their own individual strength; they have forgotten how their country began, their royal history and the greatness that their wonderful country once showed to the entire world.
Throughout the many years of the Hundred Years War, on a daily basis, thousands of French common patriots pray for someone to be sent to help free them from the English.

***

Putting his arms around his wife, Jacque makes a statement. “You are beginning to act like you did with our other children just before they were born, Isabelle.”
“What do you mean, Jacque?”
“You’ve been cleaning this cottage, from top to bottom, for the last couple of days.”
“I just have so much energy, I need to keep busy.”
“That’s what I mean, Isabelle. This is the same thing that you did with all of our boys.”
“I hope that it’s soon, Jacque. I don’t think that my stomach can stretch any further.”
The next morning, on January 6, 1412, roosters in Domremy, France and throughout the surrounding area, herald the dawning of a new day, as a strange excitement begins to spread throughout the land… a feeling that the French have not felt for a very long time.
“Is it time to get up already? It seems like I just got to bed,” Jacque says to his wife as he turns over in bed, trying to get a few more minutes of sleep.
“The roosters are announcing the coming birth of our next child, Jacque.”
Quickly sitting up, he says, “What did you say?” wiping the sleep from his eyes.
“Our child will be born today, Jacque,” Isabelle quietly says, as she turns toward her husband.
“How do you know?”
“First of all, from the moment that my pains started, the roosters began crowing.”
“What do the roosters have to do with our child?”
“Roosters crow to let everyone know what belongs to them, to stake their territory. This child will take back the property that the English have taken from us. France will crow with freedom, announcing to the world our boundaries, and the fact that we will never be owned by anyone, but the French. God has willed it to be so.” Lying back down, Isabelle tries to relax.
Jacque begins to ask another question when his wife interrupts him.
“Quiet please, Jacque. I must concentrate…. I must relax…. I need to let my body do its job….”
An answer to the prayers of the French is in the process of being delivered….
A few hours later….
“It’s a little girl, Jacque. Look at how beautiful she is.”
“That she is, Isabelle. Look at all of that beautiful black hair. That’s from my side of the family,” Jacques says with pride. “Her beautiful complexion and captivating smile are from your side of the family. What shall we name her?”
“I have been told that her name is to be Jehanne.”
“Who told you what her name should be?” Jacque questions in shock.
“…The Lord.”
“…The Lord?”
“Yes, Jacque.” Isabelle states with excitement. “This child is the answer to all of our prayers!”
“…A girl? A girl is an answer to our prayers?”
“Yes. Is that so hard to believe?”
“She is a girl. We have been praying for peace with the English, and to have our land returned. What can a girl do? It is men who go to war, not women.”
“I don’t know how it will happen. I just know that it will, and it will be because of her, Jacque…. Do you not believe the Lord?” Isabelle asks, disappointed with her husband’s reaction.
“Yes, I believe in the Lord…but a girl?” Jacque stands up expressively and stretches out his arms. “We need a great leader. One who can lead our armies? Men do that, not girls!”
Quietly, and with a lot of patience, Isabelle asks, “Jacque, have all of your prayers been answered in the way that you thought that they should be?”
Frustrated, Jacque answers, “Some of them have….” Thinking for a moment, he then continues, “but most of them, in my wildest dreams, I would never have guessed would have worked. But, they have been the ones that have been the best solutions of all, working so quickly it made my head spin.”
“Could this be one of those answers, Jacque?”
Sitting down, Jacque says quietly, “It could be. If you said that the Lord told you, then Isabelle, I believe you. We will just take it day by day and see what happens. As always, it is in the hands of the Lord anyway.”
Holding out her hand to take his, Isabelle calmly states, “Thank you, Jacque, for believing in me. We must train her, and help her to be prepared for her time in history. That is why she has been sent to us.”
“Isabelle, you are the best wife a man could have. I will do as you have asked, and together we will raise this child for her day of destiny.”
Concerned, Isabelle pulls Jacque closer to her as she firmly states, “We must not say anything to anyone in our village. Not only would they not believe that a girl would be an answer to their prayers, but they would think that we are crazy. Our whole family would be cast out of the village. Because she is special in the eyes of God, and for our survival, we must make a promise between ourselves to never tell another soul.”
“The promise is made, Isabelle. It is between me and you from this day forward.”
Each day, the snow continues to fall, as Jacque and Isabelle care for their new little daughter. In their warm cozy cottage the boys continue to hone their battle skills on the family war board game.
Three months later, the cold weather has broken, and neighbors come to welcome Isabelle’s and Jacque’s newest child.
“She is so beautiful Isabelle, look at her rosy cheeks. She looks just like you.”
“Yes, she looks like her mother. But she has my brains,” Jacque quips.
Smiling, Isabelle agrees with Jacque, “Yes, she has my husband’s brains.”
“Look at all that black hair.”
“Did you see her sparkling green eyes? Where did she get the green in her eyes, Isabelle? Neither you nor Jacque have green eyes.”
“Actually, many in my family have green eyes.”
“Oh. So she gets her hair from her father and her complexion and eyes from your family.”
“I suppose you are right,” Isabelle answers.
Every neighbor that has come to visit takes a turn holding Jehanne.
“She is so precious, Isabelle,” they all state.
“Yes, we think so, my village sisters.”
Leaving some fresh bread, the neighbors return to their homes.
“That was nice of them, Jacque.”
“Yes. They are nice neighbors.”
“We’ll have to get together with them again.”
A week later, the village is ravaged with a sickness that sorely afflicts many of the small children.
“Jacque, Jehanne isn’t feeling very well. All she wants to do is to sleep. Her coloring is pale and her forehead is extremely hot.”
“I just heard that several of the neighbors that came to visit with us, have sick children. In fact, one of them has died.”
“Well, Jehanne is not going to die! I will sleep on the floor by her bed as long as she is sick. I’ll stay awake and tend to her every need.”
“Isabelle…. I don’t know what to do. My men and I have been called to Lyon to help them fight against the English.”
“There is nothing that you can do here Jacque, go to Lyon. I know that the Lord will protect our daughter.”
As hard as it is for him to leave, he understands the wisdom of Isabelle’s words. Jacque goes to Jehanne’s bed. Looking down, he quietly talks to her. “Jehanne, I love you. I have to go, but you will be in my prayers, little one. Please be here when I get back.”
After Jacque and his men have left, Isabelle puts a cool cloth on Jehanne’s forehead. “My little one, the Lord is with you. Do not give up. The Lord needs you here. We need you. Please, Jehanne, stay with us,” her mother pleads.
Hours and days go by. Jacquemin has tried to take care of Pierre and Jean as his mother watches his little sister. Finally exhausted everyone falls asleep, the boys in their room and Isabelle on the floor next to her daughter. Later that night, in her mind, she realizes that she has fallen asleep. Forcing herself to wake up, she opens her eyes. The room is filled with colors. Looking around, she sees a man standing by Jehanne’s bed. Though he is a stranger to her, she doesn’t feel threatened.
“Who are you?” she asks.
“My name is Daniel. Don’t worry. I have come through the Hall of Corridors. I am here to heal Jehanne…. I want you to know that help will always be by her side…. Go back to sleep Isabelle. Everything will be all right.”
Trying to completely wake up so that she can watch Jehanne, Isabelle’s eyes close as she fights desperately to keep them open, “It must be a dream,” she says to herself. “Colors, as beautiful as these, do not fill a cottage in France; they cover the angels of heaven.”
In the morning the rays of the sun wake Jacquemin, Pierre and Jean. Running into the front area of their cottage, they yell, “MOTHER, IS JEHANNE ALL RIGHT?”
Isabelle wakes up, and checks on Jehanne by feeling her forehead. Looking around the room, she remembers the colors, and the feelings of peace and heavenly warmth that she felt last night. “Was it a dream?” she asks herself. “Daniel. He said that his name was Daniel.”
“Mother…” Pierre says, tugging on the sleeve of her dress.
Looking at her son, she realizes the question that he has asked. “Yes, she is going to be all right…. Her fever has broken.”
As the days go by, Jehanne’s appetite begins to return. Her smile is once again bright and shining. Soon she is up, scooting around and getting into everything.
When Jacque finally returns he immediately asks, “Where is Jehanne?”
Jehanne coos as her father walks over to her bed. He looks at his wife. “Isabelle, you did it!”
“No, Jacque, Daniel did it.”
“Who is Daniel?”
“I’ll tell you when we get our children to bed alright?”
“I can’t wait to hear your miracle story,” he answers with bright eyes and a huge smile.
Later in the evening, after all of the children are in bed, Isabelle tells Jacque how Daniel had come through the Hall of Corridors, and healed Jehanne.
“Who is Daniel, Isabelle?”
“I don’t know, Jacque. I only know that I saw him, and that he was here to heal, Jehanne.”
“We will have to remember his name, and keep him in our prayers. Anyone who protects my family deserves to be remembered as we pray.”
“Your suggestion is a good one, Jacque. We will have to remember his name and what he did for, Jehanne.”
Because the weather snows are melting, Jacque and his troops are constantly being called to other cities, to help them in their battles. Or, they are checking the perimeters of their own village, making sure that their families are protected.
As Jehanne continues to grow, she helps her mother feed the chickens, mostly by running after them. She roars with laughter at the flight of the rooster, and the little chicks following their mother are trying to run faster than Jehanne, to get out of her way.
While Jacquemin watches their sheep on the common grazing area, Pierre and Jean scold their little sister for running after the small little chickens.
“Jehanne, don’t do that. You’ll scare them to death,” Jean shouts.
“They’re a lot smaller than you are, Jehanne. Slow down. They can’t run as fast as you can,” Pierre cautions.
Not comprehending what her brothers are saying, little Jehanne continues her games with the small chicks. Still laughing she stops, looking back over her shoulder at her brothers. Suddenly, she sees out of the corner of her eye, a slight movement. Looking in that direction, she sees a small chick running toward its mother. Smiling, she begins running after it.
“Pierre, I don’t think that she’s listening to us.”
“I don’t think that she is either. Let’s go tell mother!”
Walking over to their mother, they start complaining. “Mother, we tell her and we tell her, but she won’t listen to us.”
“Why don’t you bring her to me, we’ll have a little talk, alright?”
“Yes, Mother.” 
Walking back to their little sister, they notice that she has stopped running after the little chicks…that have all but disappeared. In their place, Jehanne is now looking directly at a huge wolf that has walked into their yard from the woods.
Pointing in its direction, Jehanne says, “Pretty.”
Being the oldest, Pierre starts giving directions. “Jean! Go tell mother that a wolf is next to, Jehanne. We need her help. I’ll get a stick.”
Jean runs as fast as he can to his mother, giving her the message.
“Jean, don’t play with me. Can’t you see I’m very busy? I need to get this done before it gets dark, and before your father returns home.”
“Mother, we need you now! Pierre is going to find a stick, but the wolf is close to, Jehanne.” Not waiting for his mother to respond, he turns around and begins to run back.
Seeing his earnest behavior, Isabelle drops everything and begins to run toward her daughter. As she rounds the corner of her cottage, she is horrified at what she sees! Standing next to Jehanne is one of the largest wolves that she has ever seen. Jehanne is giggling as she puts out her small right hand…the wolf has come close enough to touch his nose to her hand, and is sniffing while Jehanne continues to giggle. Isabelle’s heart is pounding so loud that she can hear nothing else.
“What do I do, Father?” She says looking to Heaven. “Help me! My bow is in the cottage. If I leave, the wolf will grab Jehanne while I am gone. Please, Father, I am begging for your help!”
Pierre has found a stick, and takes it to his mother. On the ground, to the right of the end of the stick, she sees a half eaten apple. Motioning to her boys to go inside, they duck around the corner of the cottage, and begin running toward the door. Slowly bending down, she picks up the apple, and throws it a little past the wolf, making a sound as it hits the ground. Turning around to see what has landed on the ground behind him he moves away from Jehanne, toward the apple and begins sniffing. After a few sniffs, he puts the apple in his mouth, and runs back to the woods
Running to her daughter, Isabelle quickly picks her up as Jehanne continues to giggle, not realizing the danger her mother has saved her from. Carrying Jehanne, Isabelle runs for the cottage door. Safely inside, she begins to think about Jacquemin who is out on the common with their sheep.
“Pierre and Jean, do you think that you can watch Jehanne while I go check on Jacquemin, to make sure that he is all right?”
“Yes, Mother. We can watch Jehanne, if you tie her to a rope so that she won’t walk into the fire.”
“I’ll do that, my little men.”
After she ties Jehanne to a short rope so that she will be able to walk around, but won’t be able to walk over to the fire, she puts on a shawl and begins to walk toward the common feeding grounds. Just as she gets to the road, she hears the sound of horse’s hooves and sees her husband’s standards. She stops.
“Where are you going, Isabelle?” he asks.
Still in shock, Isabelle quickly states, “I need to check on Jacquemin.”
“I’ll go for you. Why don’t you go back to the nice warm fire?”
“You are a Godsend, Jacque.”
Riding toward the common grazing area where Jacquemin had taken the sheep to graze, Jacque begins to talk to himself. “I didn’t even ask her what the problem was.”
Finding Jacquemin, he asks, “Are you all right?”
“Yes, Father, why do you ask?”
“I just got home, and your mother was on her way to check on you. She looked like she was frantic.”
“Shall I go home with you then?”
“That sounds like a good idea. Then we can both learn what is going on.”
After arriving home, both Jacque and Jacquemin are told the story of the wolf.
“Jehanne must have angels with her, Isabelle,” Jacque states, as he looks at his peacefully sleeping daughter.
“There is no other reason for that wolf to have left her alone, he looked like he was extremely hungry, Jacque.”
“It’s been a hard winter. Now that spring is on its way, they can’t wait any longer for something to eat. They are wandering further from their homes to search for food.”
“I am so grateful Jacque that nothing happened. This is the first warm day that we have had in so long. I confess… I became careless.”
Putting his arms around her shoulders, and his forehead down to hers, he softly says, “Nothing happened, my love.”
Isabelle begins to sob as she buries her head into Jacque’s chest. Feeling her pain, Jacque holds her until she is able to calm down. “God has saved us all for another day, Isabelle.”
Through her tears, she expresses, “I am just so upset at what could have happened. He could have taken her so quickly.  What would we have done?  How would we have been able to find her?  So many things could have happened.”
“But they didn’t, Isabelle. We have to concentrate on all the good that happens to us. Not on what could have happened, and only by the grace of God didn’t.”
“You are right, Jacque,” Isabelle says as she wipes the tears from her eyes. “From this day forward, we will only think of the blessings that the Lord has given to us.”
While winter thaws, there is no time to let her guard down. Isabelle continually keeps a watchful eye on her children, knowing that the wolves could still be in the nearby forest.



Chapter 2


Flowers of all varieties begin to break through the ground, bringing with them new life and a new beginning.
“Isabelle, my men and I are going into the forest to practice our tactical skills. I’ll be back by sundown.”
“I will watch for your return, Jacque. Dinner will be waiting for you.”
Walking around their yard, Isabelle picks some of her favorite flowers. With Jehanne by her side, she says, “Jehanne, look at these beautiful flowers. Since Jacquemin is with the sheep, let’s go get Pierre and Jean. We’ll take all these flowers to the church, to share them with the Lord. What do you think about that?”
“Yes, go. Go.” Jehanne holds out her tiny hand to take the flowers, as she smiles and giggles at her mother, her rosy cheeks accentuating her beautiful smile.
Taking Jehanne’s other small hand, Isabelle calls her sons. “Pierre…Jean, come here, please.” Hearing the patter of small feet, her sons quickly appear. “We are going to the church. Would you like to go?”
“Today isn’t Sunday, is it?”
“I didn’t hear the bells ring.”
“No. It isn’t Sunday, and the bells didn’t ring. But I’d like to take some flowers to the church.”
“Do we have to go Mother?” Jean said with a woman’s-stuff attitude.
“No. Jacquemin will be back soon. I’ll take Jehanne. As long as both of you stay in the cottage, you can stay here. We won’t be very long.”
“Alright, Mother.” Pierre promises. “We’ll play our war games inside.
“If you need me boys, you know where I’ll be.”
Realizing that Jehanne would insist on walking by herself, Isabelle makes sure that she paces herself to her daughter’s short stride. Jehanne’s little feet kick every rock out of her path with her hands out to her side for balance, clearing the way to the chapel as they enjoy the fresh air, and finally, the serenity of the church.
Slowly picking up her daughter, Isabelle asks, “Do you see this vase, Jehanne?”
“Yes, Mother.”
“This is where we will put the flowers. Look up there,” she says pointing to the cross. “We put our flowers in this vase, in remembrance of the love that is given to us each day from Heaven.”
“Oh, Jesus,” Jehanne says as she looks up at the cross, putting both of her small hands over her mouth, covering her smile.
“Yes, my sweet little one. He will always be by your side.”
While Isabelle and Jehanne are in the church, the bells begin to ring wildly. Looking to the sound of the bells above her, Isabelle exclaims, “The English! The bells are telling us that the English are not far from our town, Jehanne.”
Running out of the church, carrying Jehanne back to her cottage, she begins yelling, “PIERRE, JEAN, IS JACQUEMIN BACK?”
Quickly closing the barn door, Jacquemin yells, “I’M HERE, MOTHER.”
“JACQUEMIN, TAKE THE SHEEP. RUN AHEAD OF THEM TO THE OLD FORT. THEY SHOULD FOLLOW YOU IF YOU GET AT LEAST TWO OF THEIR LEADERS TO COME WITH YOU. IF ANY GET BEHIND, DON’T WAIT FOR THEM. JUST KEEP RUNNING. I’LL BRING YOUR BROTHERS AND SISTER. NOW RUN, SON, AND BE CAREFUL. THE BELLS TELL US THAT THE ENGLISH ARE CLOSE!”
All of the inhabitants of Domremy are either running on foot, or riding their horses to the Old Fort for safety. As the church bells continue to ring their warning, fear grips each villager’s heart. Images of the English racing toward them full speed on their horses, with swords and other weapons brandished to do their job, flash in their minds; the noises, the smell and feeling of fear, all reminding them of the many times that the English have ravaged their village before.
Jacquemin quickly arrives at the Old Fort with most of his sheep. Putting them into the livestock area, he climbs the stairs to the parapet walk to see if he can see where his mother is. From his perch he sees all of his neighbors running for the safety of the Fort, and hears their loud fearful screams. Though he is young he understands that the screams are an instinctual sound to express, and hopefully defuse, the fear felt throughout their bodies. On the horizon, he can see the standards of the English quickly moving in their direction.
“Mother, where are you?” he asks himself as he carefully scans the faces of all of the people running to safety. “Mother, I thought that you were leaving at the same time that I did?” Tears begin to fill his eyes, as he continues to scan the flat ground around the Old Fort. “Everyone else is close to the fort, Mother. Where are you?”
Putting his head down into his hands so that his tears won’t be seen, he hears, “SHUT THE GATES! EVERYONE IS IN. THE ENGLISH ARE COMING OVER THE RIDGE.”
Yelling back, he says, “BUT MY MOTHER, MY BROTHERS AND SISTER AREN’T HERE YET!” No matter how loud he yelled, no matter how many times he says the same thing, no one hears him. There is so much noise. Everyone is busy preparing for their battle with the English.
Jacquemin continues to watch for any sign of his family. “I never should have left without the rest of you. I am the oldest man at home. It was my responsibility.…” To his right he sees movement. “They came through the river. They didn’t come the same way that everyone else did. RUN, MOTHER, RUN! YOU CAN MAKE IT!”
Though Jacquemin can finally see his family, the English also see them, and begin riding in their direction. Shouting with all his might Jacquemin, points with his index finger, “BEHIND YOU, MOTHER. RUN FASTER! THE ENGLISH ARE CLOSE BEHIND YOU!”
Looking to his left on the parapet walk, he sees someone with a bow and arrow. Reaching over, he grabs the archer’s sleeve asking, “Sir, can you help me? My mother, my brothers and sister are right over there,” pointing in their direction. “The English are going to overtake them if we don’t help them.”
Surveying the situation, the archer states, “If they get another hundred yards closer, I’ll be able to hit the English. Right now they are too far away.”
“But they are getting too close to my family!”
“The only thing that I can promise is that I will have my bow ready. The instant that they are close enough, I will begin my assault.”
“What if they catch up to them before you are able to shoot your arrows?”
“I’m sorry, son. I’ll shoot as soon as I can.”
Watching from the parapet walk, Jacquemin can hardly bare it. His mother has tied a shawl around her shoulders and waist to carry Jehanne securely in front. She is carrying his two little brothers, one on each hip, and running as fast as she can through the tall grass. Thinking sadly to himself he says, “All that my mother has done to save her family, and it is not enough. The English are catching up to her. I should never have left. She’s not strong enough to carry all three of them by herself. I could have helped. I should have left the sheep, and stayed with my family.” Fraught with emotion, he turns to the archer again, “How much longer until you can start shooting?”
“We have about twenty yards yet, son.” Knowing what Jacquemin is feeling the archer adds, “There is nothing that we can do until they are in range of our weapons. All we can do is our best; the ultimate outcome is left up to the Lord.”
Desperately looking up to the sky, Jacquemin begins to pray as his mother has taught him. His voice is in a whisper, but his heart is shouting. “FATHER IN HEAVEN, MY MOTHER IS DOING EVERYTHING THAT SHE CAN TO SAVE MY BROTHERS AND SISTER. I AM ASKING FOR YOU TO HELP HER. PLEASE FATHER, HELP HER CARRY MY FAMILY. HELP HER TO GET TO THE FORT SAFELY,” he pleads.
To his utter surprise, he sees his father’s standards quickly riding in-between the English and his mother, allowing her to run to the Old Fort unimpeded. A battle between the French and the English begins, with standards of sky blue and gold Fleur de lis’ mixed in with dark red crosses on white cloth twisting and curling with the currents of the wind. Strange as it might seem, it looks more like a dance of colors moving to the sounds of war: steel hitting steel, screams, war chants, drums, horses whinnies’ and arrows splitting the air currents on their way to their intended victim, and finally the dull thud as the target is hit. All of these sounds reverberate throughout the valley as tyranny and freedom fight for their ultimate place in history.
As Isabella nears the doors of the fort, Jacquemin runs down to meet her as he hears the order shouted.
“OPEN THE GATES! OPEN THE GATES!”
Exhausted Isabelle falls to her knees as soon as the doors are closed. Her neighbors run to help her with her children. Seeing Jacquemin, she grabs him and begins to cry. “Oh Jacquemin, you’re safe…I was running as fast as I could.”
“I thought that you were right behind me, Mother?”
“I was. Then Jean dropped his Flute on the floor. I bent down to pick it up, and just then, I saw an English standard out of the corner of my eye and heard his horse next to our cottage. Crawling on my knees, with Jehanne secured in my shawl and the boys crawling next to me, we went through the back door, over to the barn and out the side door to the river’s edge. We waded through the water behind the bushes, near the shallow area, while we crossed it. Once we were on dry ground I picked the boys up and began to run as fast as I could, but the English saw me. They were riding toward us. I thought that they would get us for sure, but then they stopped. I don’t know why, but they stopped,” she says with relief. “We made it, Jacquemin, we made it!”
As his mother cries out of relief that she and her family are safe, while trying to catch her breath, Jacquemin has extreme feelings of happiness that his mother, brothers and sister are safe, but extreme sorrow not knowing if his father would survive the battle that is now taking place a short distance outside the Old Fort.
Not wanting to tell his mother but knowing that he had to, Jacquemin quietly states, “Mother… Father and his men rode in-between you and the English!”
Isabelle’s eyes widen as her relief turns to horror. She knew that Jacque fought for their safety, but she had never seen him in battle. She always had faith that he would return from all of the incessant wars, and rarely thought anything about it before.
“Jacque is here?” she questions, trying to get it clear in her mind.
“Yes, Mother, he must have heard the bells. He is fighting the English right now.”
Frantically running to the parapet walk to see the battle, she climbs the stairs. Within her heart, she begins to shout, “FATHER IN HEAVEN, PLEASE, I HAVE TAUGHT MY CHILDREN OF YOU. MY HUSBAND AND I ARE GOOD CHRISTIANS. I HAVE ALWAYS DONE WHAT YOU HAVE ASKED ME TO DO, AND I WILL CONTINUE TO DO SO. I AM ASKING YOU TODAY FOR THE SAFETY OF MY HUSBAND AND HIS MEN. PLEASE, FATHER, I BEG OF YOU!”
Jacquemin runs up to the parapet walk behind his mother. Tugging on the sleeve of the archer that he had talked with before, he quickly asks, “How many more yards?”
“There are only about five more yards.”
Jacquemin continues, “Sir, I asked for your help with my mother. She made it to the fort. Now I ask you to help my father.” Pointing to the standards he adds, “You see those standards? They are my father’s. Jacque d’Arc needs your help. He is out numbered, and there are more and more English standards coming from all directions toward him.”
“You are Jacque’s son? I was only visiting your village when this all happened.” Starring at Jacquemin he says, “But I have fought with him. I can see now, you are an exact duplicate of your father.”
“Yes Sir. Would you please help him?”
“Of course… now they are close enough for me to shoot and I know exactly what he’ll do…” Yelling, he says “ARCHERS GET YOUR BOWS AND ARROWS READY. JACQUE WILL SPLIT HIS TROOP IN HALF AND RIDE BACK TO THIS FORT BRINGING THE ENGLISH WITH HIM. THAT’S WHEN WE WILL HAVE OUR CHANCE.”
Within minutes, Jacque does exactly what the archer said that he would do. “OPEN THE GATES FOR JACQUE AND HIS TROOPS. WE’LL KEEP THE ENGLISH AWAY WITH OUR ARROWS.”
As the gates open, and Jacque’s troops near the entrance of the fort, hundreds of arrows are shot over their heads, aimed directly at the English. Jacquemin and the other boys his age run to help with the horses. After dismounting their horses, Jacque and his troops quickly run to the parapet walk to add their arrows and skill to the battle. Seeing Isabelle, he quietly says, “I’m so glad that you are safe.” Kissing her on the forehead he says, “Please go, stay with the children, and we will talk later.”
Doing what her husband has asked her to do Isabelle finds her children and tries to quiet them by singing their favorite songs. The other women from her village begin singing with her. Soon the children are singing also.
As the soldiers hear their women and children sing, with Jean’s flute playing in the background, they are renewed with purpose and courage to protect their families and the future of France, as they defend the Old Fort.
The siege continues for a week. Within the Old Fort, the women take on different chores. Some cook, others take care of the wounded, and still others watch the children. All of this happens while the men continue to fight and maintain watch over the fort, keeping their families safe. Each evening, fires can be seen throughout their village, each day the English are back to try to take the Old Fort. With the skills that Jacque and his men display, the English are not able to add the Fort to their possessions.
One morning, as everyone prepares for yet another battle, Jacque looks out to the battle field to survey the possible dynamics that would be needed for the day’s battle. To his shock, the English have left. As he walks the full length of the parapet walk, he can see no English standards. Every soldier within the Old Fort looks carefully for any sign that the English are still around. But they see nothing.
“It looks like they have left,” Jacque announces. “I want to make sure that it is safe…get ready men. We will ride the boundaries of our village.”
After their horses are ready, the gates are opened, and Jacque and his men ride out to see if this is an English trick. Throughout the day as they ride in search of the English, they find that not one cottage in their village has been spared the English fire.
“Jacque, our women and children are going to be terribly upset.”
“It’s better to lose your home than your family, don’t you think?”
“I agree with you, Jacque, but it’s so hard to start over again.”
“Yes, but how many times have we done this all ready?”
“The next thing that you are going to say is that, if we did it once, we can do it again.”
“Ha! You are getting to know me quite well, aren’t you?”
“You are my commander, Jacque.”
“So, are you ready to ride back to the Old Fort, and tell everyone what we have seen?”
“I don’t think that I am ready for that.”
“It’s getting dark. It’s best that we get back to it anyway.”
As they near the fort, the order, “OPEN THE GATES, OPEN THE GATES,” can be heard loud and clear.
Jacquemin looks up at his mother. “Did you hear that Mother?”
“I did, my brave Son. Shall we go to see if it is Father?”
Pierre and Jean run to their mother. “Mother, Father is here.”
“How do you know, my little ones?”
“We heard the orders for the gate to be opened, and we looked out the window of the room that we were in. We saw father’s standards.”
“Shall we all go then?” Isabelle says, holding Jehanne in her arms, while Jacquemin holds the hands of his little brothers.
Everyone in the fort has gathered. Jacque has just begun to speak. “We believe that the English have gone.”
Everyone yells, “Yea, the English have left.”
“The problem,” he continues, “is that not one of our cottages has escaped the English fire.”
Where happiness was being expressed just seconds before, sadness can now be felt in the air as tears fill their eyes.
To renew their spirits, Jacque begins again. “The English have taken our homes away from us before, and we rebuilt. We can do this again. We are a free people. No one is going to tell us that we can’t live on our own property. Let us rebuild our community to let the English know, that what they do to us will not determine where, or how, we will live! While we hold the hand of God, no one will ever take our land, our homes, or our religion from us, for all of this dwells within our hearts. We are masters of our own destiny. God has willed it so.”
Smiles and courage begin to show on the faces of all who listen to Jacque. Within their hearts, they know that he is right.
“Tomorrow, we will draw sticks to see whose cottage will be built first. We will continue to draw sticks until every last cottage is completed. If we stand together it will not take us long to rebuild our village.” 
Isabelle walks up to Jacque and whispers into his ear.
“My wife is right. To show our thankfulness to God for sparing our lives, tomorrow we will begin rebuilding the church first. After that is finished, we will start with our cottages. Are you all in agreement?”
Everyone agrees with enthusiasm. “Yes. Yes, Jacque, you are right.”
Working together, neighbor helping neighbor everyday from dawn to dusk, within three months the village is completely restored.
Days later, Isabelle is out in the sun talking to several village women who have stopped by her home. “We wanted to thank you and your husband, for all that both of you have done for our village.”
“It was our pleasure.”
“Mommy,” Jehanne calls.
Looking at her daughter, Isabelle smiles; the neighbor women look over at her also.
“Look at cute little Jehanne over there by the flowers. Her black hair is as beautiful today as it was the day that she was born,” a neighbor comments.
“I remember the day that she was born, Isabelle, the roosters woke us up so early that morning,” another neighbor states.
Another neighbor cuts in. “I know. I felt as though I had been asleep for just a few hours. And it wasn’t just my rooster. It was every rooster in our village.”
“I don’t think that it was just our village either. I could hear every rooster in the surrounding villages. I was about ready to take my walking stick and hit every one of them over the head. I finally looked over at your home, Isabelle, and saw the candles burning through the windows,” a close neighbor reminisces.
While Isabelle listens to her friends Jehanne walks up, takes her mother’s hand and begins to pull her. Looking down at her daughter Isabelle states, “My sweet little daughter has picked some flowers and wants to take them to the church. With her daughter continuing to pull on her hand, she looks back and waves, “Sorry, I must go.”
As Isabelle and Jehanne take what has become their daily walk, the neighbors comment “Look at that. Have you ever seen a child want to take flowers to the church?”
“None of my children have done anything like that.”
“Mine, either.”

***
Although the English approach Domremy many times during the next few years, seeing Jacque’s standards on a ridge flying in the wind brings memories of the fierce soldiers that are the protectors of that village, and they move on to easier targets.
During this time, Jacquemin, now sixteen years old, has asked to fight with his father. Within two years, he becomes well known for his great fighting skills. The French nobles hear of his expertise and ask him to join their forces.
“Father, I am eighteen now and have been asked to join the French forces on the front lines.”
“What is your decision, son?”
“I want to go, Father. The French nobles need me.”
“When do you leave?”
“…Tomorrow. The French forces from Avignon are coming through Domremy. I go with them.”
“I see.” Jacque states sadly as he puts his hand on his son’s shoulder, “I will tell your mother.”
After Isabelle is told, crying can be heard coming from their room
Jehanne walks to her brother’s room. After knocking on his door, Jacquemin opens it. “What do you want Jehanne?”
“Mother is crying. Do you know why?”
“Yes, little one. I leave with the French forces tomorrow morning.”
“I can’t wait until I can fight those horrible English soldiers. They burnt our cottage down!” she says with a frown on her face.
“Yes, but we rebuilt it, didn’t we? Now let’s turn that frown into a smile Jehanne.”
“Well, someday, I’m going to run the English out of France!” she says with determination.
“I can tell you, I’d be afraid to come against you. But, for right now, don’t you think that it’s time to go back to bed?”
Pointing her finger toward him, she says, “Remember, brother, don’t leave in the morning without telling me good bye.”
“I’ll remember. Now, get to bed,” as he motions with his fingers for her to keep moving toward her room.
“…Alright.”
Jacquemin watches Jehanne from his bedroom until she walks into her room, then he shuts his own door.

***

After his evening rounds, Daniel walks to the Security Division to see if there is anything new with either one of the couples that went on their search for Running Deer and Gray Wolf.
“Treysen, is there anything new with Jon and Julia?”
“No, but I can tell you the area that Running Deer is about to enter.”
“You know the coordinates?”
“…Of course. They are 48 degrees 27 minutes 0 seconds north, 5 degrees 41 minutes 0 seconds east.”
Walking to the visual globe, Daniel traces the coordinates, and puts his finger on the exact spot that Running Deer will land.
“I’m glad that you have his coordinates. When anyone goes through a portal, it depends on the time of day that he enters, as to where he will end up. Because we knew what time he entered, I had an idea of where he would land. But I wasn’t sure what century it would be. What century is he in, Treysen?”
“…The Fifteenth.”
“France in the Fifteenth century…. What an interesting point of history. He will be a great help to the French as they fight against the English during that time. But I am concerned for Jon and Julia as soon as they find him. That’s during the time of the 100 Years War.”
“What is the 100 Years War, Daniel?”
“Come over to the globe boys and I’ll show you.”
Treysen and Joshua walk over to the globe and watch Daniel as he touches the screen in several places. Suddenly the globe is no longer round. It softens and pushes out to become a large rectangular screen. Daniel gives it instructions. “Please give me a short history of the 100 Years War.”
A soft voice begins to speak, while beautiful pictures in movie form begin filling the screen. Each image is so life like it seems that they are taken directly from history itself.
“There were many family feuds and historical instances which led up to the 100 Years War, but let’s start with William the Conqueror. William became a Duke of Normandy at seven years of age when his father, Robert, the sixth Duke of Normandy, died in 1035 while on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem. It was during the time of the Christian Crusades.”
“Many years later, when the Danes conquered England, Edward the Confessor, the King of England at that time, took refuge in Normandy, France, staying with William who was then an adult. Because the King was treated with a great deal of kindness during his stay, he promised William, that before he died he would name William to succeed him as King of England.”
“When the King finally died, Harold Godwinson, Earl of Wessex, claimed the English throne, and was crowned King of England. William the Conqueror, was not going to let the promise that King Edward had made to him years before, be forgotten. He went to the Pope who gave his permission for William to wage a Holy War. With the support of many French Nobles, William won the war, and on the 25th of December 1066, as a Duke of Normandy, he became the first Norman to be crowned King of England.”
“William ruled England, and much of France. After his death, English Kings continued to rule both countries, making the French Kings increasingly angry.”
“In A. D. 1328 the French King, Philip VI, died without a male heir. The King of England, at that time, was a grandson of the French King, and as such he was the rightful successor to the French Throne. This gave him the right to rule both countries from one throne, but the French had had enough of English tyrannical rule. So a Frenchman by the name of Philip of Valois, nephew of the former King of France, began preparations for a war. This war later became known as the 100 Years War, though it actually lasted for 116 years.”
The voice from the screen stops speaking and Daniel says, “Thank you.” The screen liquefies, and once again turns into a globe.
Treysen asks, “Is it because of this war, that King Henry VIII, who when he was King of England, was so adamant that he have a male heir?”
“That’s a good point, Treysen. You could be right. The Hundred Years War had cost so many people their lives and fortunes. I’m sure that he thought about it all throughout his life. He knew that there were always people who were full of greed, wanting power, and willing to bully, or fight to rise to a higher station in society. He needed to make sure that a war like the 100 Years War would never start again. To make sure that it would never happen after his death, according to law, he needed a male heir.”
“The 100 years war was bad for England, but France lost two-thirds of her population and most of her wonderfully skilled Knights to the English Longbow, invasion, civil wars, deadly epidemics, and famines.”
“The English marauding mercenary armies, who were more like hostile gangs in modern terminology, in times of both peace and war, would rob and plunder the common people.”
“The only thing that the French could count on being a constant in their lives was the sun rising every day.”

***

The brightness of the morning sun heralds a new beginning for Jacquemin. The French forces from Avignon have arrived, and Jacquemin is ready to go.
“Good bye, Mother and Father. Thank you for everything that you have taught me. Looking at his brothers and sister he says, “Pierre, and Jean, mind mother. Jehanne, take some flowers to the church for me all right?”
Isabelle looks at her son. “Remember, Jacquemin, you were named after your father, because, as a baby, you looked so much like him. Throughout your life you have always been a miniature Jacque. Remember that my son. With a father like the one you have, you have a lot to live up to. Now that you have grown, be careful and make us proud!”
Jacque puts his arm around his son’s shoulders, “Remember everything your mother and I have taught you, Jacquemin. We have taught you all that we know to help you survive. Come back to us, son.”
“I will,” he responds with a long hug for everyone. He adds, “Thank you for everything,” as he mounts his horse.
Sadly watching their older brother as he leaves, his brothers and sister yell “BE CAREFUL BROTHER.”
After Jacquemin leaves, Isabelle asks her husband, “Jacque how are we going to be able to go through this two more times?”
“It’s very hard, Isabelle. Looking at their daughter he adds, “At least we won’t have to worry about Jehanne leaving us.”
The years pass quickly. News from Jacquemin comes to them once in a while.
By this time, rather than running after the chickens, Jehanne is now feeding and caring for them while her brothers help their father with the chores when he is home, and when he is gone they continue to do them on their own. 
Jehanne’s mother has begun to teach her how to work on the loom. During one of their breaks from their chores, the daily walk to the church with flowers continues. While in the Chapel, Jehanne points to one of the flowers she has put in the vase while looking at the cross. “When, Jacquemin, left he asked me to bring flowers to you, from him. This flower is from Jacquemin. Please keep him safe.”
Turning to her mother, she asks, “Do you think that father will be home by tonight, Mother?”
“Hopefully Jehanne…. This time he was going only a short distance to make sure that the English are not camping near and planning on attacking our village, as they did a few years ago. Though they haven’t given our village trouble for a few years, we can’t let our guard down. You can’t trust the English.”
At that point, Isabelle hears horses approaching their cottage. Looking toward the sound, she can tell by the standards the soldiers are flying, that it is her husband. “Quickly, Jehanne, gather the bandages and medicine. Your father and his men have returned home. It looks like they are coming this way…that could mean they had a tough time.”
Isabelle runs toward her husband and his soldiers. Looking at their condition, she asks, “Jacque, what happened?”
“They ambushed us. We were lucky to get out of there in one piece.”
“So many are hurt….” she says as she looks around.
“Yes, but you should see what condition we left the English in, after we pulled ourselves together,” he said trying to crack a smile.
“I’m just glad that you are back.”
“I am, too. Don’t worry about me. My wounds are small compared to some of my men. Would you look at them first?”
“Have them come here, Jacque and I will look at them one by one,” Isabelle says as she walks over to one of the many Crabapple trees that are around their cottage. Taking advantage of the shade, she prepares an area to care for the wounded.
Jehanne brings the bandages and medicine to her mother. “Jehanne, I want you to look at all of your father’s men. Between you, your father and your brothers, bring the ones that are hurt the worst to me now, and have the others sit down in the shade of the other trees. I will get to them as soon as I can.”
“Yes, Mother.”
Jehanne and her father bring one soldier, while Pierre and Jean bring another. “These are the two that have been wounded the worst, Mother.”
“Thank you…. Jacque, would you help me with this soldier? Jehanne, I want you to make sure that the flies do not get to the wounds of that soldier.”
“Yes, Mother. Would you like me to clean his wounds?”
Surprised, looking up at her daughter, Isabelle asks, “Do you feel that you know enough to be able to do that?”
“Mother, I have been watching and helping you for at least eight years. I know enough to clean his wounds.”
“It’s been that many years? Time goes so quickly…. I’d be glad to have your help, Jehanne. Since you are going to clean the wounds, would you please have your brothers keep the flies away then?”
Each wounded soldier is brought to either Isabelle or Jehanne. Their wounds are saturated first with clean water to wash away dirt, rocks, grass, etc. After the wound is clean, honey is then drizzled on top of it. Next, the skin is pulled together, covered with willow bark and wrapped securely in place with clean muslin cloth.
Quickly word begins to spread through their village that the soldiers have come home, and where they are. Many of the village women bring their bandages and medicine to help. Walking up to Jacque, each woman says, “I am here to help. What would you like me to do?”
“Thank you for coming, he says. “Please go over to the same area that Isabelle and Jehanne are in, and set up an area for yourself, as each of you finish with your patient, I will send another to you.”
Jacque goes to check on the rest of his soldiers and sits down to talk to several of them.
“Jacque, we are ready for another one,” Isabelle calls.
Getting up, he helps the next soldier over to Isabelle.
The wounds that day had not been as severe as they had been in the past. With the help of the other village women, his men are quickly cared for and taken to their homes by Jean and Pierre in the family cart.
Jacque’s troops had only come against a marauding band of English, roaming the surrounding countryside. In the past, Jacque and his men had traveled further away from home, joining up with other Frenchmen who had asked for their help in protecting their homes. During these times, he had suffered wounds that were far worse and lost more men. Today he was just glad to be so close to home.
After dinner, Jacque gets out the war board game. He has made a new board that has moveable mountains, streams, houses and animals. Each evening he is home, he repositions everything, showing Pierre and Jean the advantages and disadvantages of different terrain. Tonight, he says, “Come, my children. Come. I have much to teach you…” Looking toward Jehanne, he says, “Jehanne, I mean you also.”
“You want me to play the war game also?”
“Yes, Jehanne, I think that it is time for you to be involved in this also.”
“I will Father, as soon as I help Mother put everything away.”
Looking at her daughter, her mother says, “Jehanne, it’s all right. I want you to learn everything there is to learn about war.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes. I’m sure. Oh, by the way, you did a good job today taking care of the wounds of the soldiers.”
“I’ve learned a great deal from you, Mother.”
“Well, now it’s time that you learn what your father has to teach you.” Walking over to where her father and brothers are, she sits down, listening intently to her father.
“You see, you never let your enemy know what you are going to do. If there is one road coming in and out of a town, your enemy will expect you to come in from one end of the road, and leave on the other end. Their spies will let them know where your army is gathered. They will put most of their forces in that particular area, ready to fight and defend their town.”
“What you need to do in these circumstances, is to divide your forces. Have them come down onto the town from different directions. Some at the same time, and others a little while later, or when needed. The town will always move their forces back and forth trying to defend themselves. Each time they move, there will be several moments when they are unorganized. This is where you gain your advantage.”
Jacque continues, “Remember, try to confuse your enemy. When confusion sets in, the enemy will never know how to defend itself.”
As the years go by, Jehanne and her brothers continue to grow. Each evening that their father is home, is spent listening to him, learning of his war experiences, and strategies of war.
“One day, my children, an English noble had told his soldiers to walk a little slower so that my men could catch up with them. He tried to make it look like they were tired and that my men could over take them.
The advantage that we had was that I was with my men. From my previous experiences in war I could tell what was happening. I had my men change their tactics immediately. The disadvantage that the English had was that their commander was on the ridge overlooking the battle area. You see, they are never with their troops. If you want to win a war, you, as the leader, have to be on the ground floor to see what your men see, to be there for them, to encourage them, and to lead them. Now I ask you, how can you lead from a ridge far away from your men?”
“If the English are that stupid, Father, then why aren’t we winning the war?” Pierre questions.
“Because many of our nobles are no better than the English nobles…many of my soldiers have told me that they have heard that there is an agreement between the English and the French, that the English will win the war.”
“Why would our French nobles make an agreement like that?” Jehanne asks, surprised that her father would say something like that.
“A country needs to have a strong leader. Our King doesn’t have the capabilities to lead this country. Most of our Knights have been killed by the English Longbow. We must all defend our own areas. Our nobles have become greedy. They don’t think of the welfare of their fellow countrymen, they only think of their own survival.”
“But, Father, people who are full of greed can’t be trusted,” Jehanne states.
“Yes, you are right,” Looking at his children to make a serious point, he continues, “watch for those who are greedy and have the need for power. Wherever you find it, do not trust anyone there, for they only think of themselves.”
Jean had wanted to talk to his father all evening, and could wait no longer.
“…Father.”
“Yes, Jean?”
“I want to go to war, Father.”
“You’ll be able to soon, my Son.”
“I mean now, Father.”
“But, Jean, you are only fifteen years old.”
Pierre cuts in, “I’m going to go with him, Father.”
Shocked, but trying to hold it together, Jacque calmly says, “But, Pierre, you are only sixteen years old.”
“We thought that if we were together, we would be able to help each other,” Pierre states.
Knowing that Pierre and Jean had their minds made up, just as their older brother Jacquemin had when he left for war, Jacque asks sadly, “When do you leave?”
“We are to meet them in Lyon within the week.”
“That means that you will need to leave tomorrow.”
“Yes, Father….tomorrow.”
“Well, I suppose we had better get you ready for your trip then.”
All through the night, Jacque and Isabelle forlornly get things ready for Pierre and Jean. “This time came too quickly, Jacque,” Isabelle declares with a broken heart.
“At least we have, Jehanne,” Jacque states with relief.
“Yes, we can be thankful for that. If we would have had all daughters, Jacque, we wouldn’t have had to go through all this heartache.”
“We must be grateful Isabelle, that we have sons to help France in its time of need.”
“You’re right…. It’s just so hard.”
As the sun begins to rise, Jacque turns to look at its rays. “So, you are back my friend. It’s that time already is it?” he murmurs to himself.
Sadly, Isabelle asks Jacque, “Would you go get the boys while I finish breakfast?”
“Yes. They will have to leave soon to make it to Lyon on time.”
Breakfast is over all too quickly. Jean and Pierre are soon walking to the barn to saddle their horses, and tie their belongings to the back of their saddles.
Jacque gives them some final words of counsel. “Remember that your mother and I love you. Never do anything that would shame yourself, or your family. Remember all the tactics that I taught you when we played the war games. I have done my best to prepare you to survive. Come back to us.”
“… Mother, Father, we will do only those things that will bring honor to our God, and to our family,” Pierre promises.
“How could we forget anything about the tactics of war, Father? You drilled it into us so many times that it’s engraved in our minds,” Jean says with a laugh.
Mounting their horses Pierre and Jean yell “Good bye, until we see you again.”
Smiling, but still sad, Jacque adds, “God speed, my Sons. We await your return.” Isabelle waves, as she holds back her tears.
Jehanne watches as her brothers go to fight in the 100 Years War, fighting to defend the French Nobles cause. “BE CAREFUL MY BROTHERS,” she yells, as her arm reaches above her head to wave good-by. “I WILL PRAY FOR YOU.”
Later in the evening, as Jehanne and her parents sit before the fire to continue their nightly ritual of war games, Jehanne says, “It seems lonely, doesn’t it?”
“Yes, my sweet Daughter, it does. But now I can concentrate completely on teaching you the techniques of war, Jehanne.”
“Maybe I’ll teach you a few things, Father,” she says as she looks at him and smiles.
Isabelle looks over at both of them and adds, “You had better watch out, Jacque. Remember, she has my brains.”
Jacque responds, “I thought that she had your looks, and my brains?”
“I let you think that when she was born. But from the many times that she has run your army out of France on your board, I can now tell you that she also has my brains.”
Turning to look at his daughter, he says, “Maybe your mother is right, Jehanne. Maybe you do have her brains.”
“Are you just figuring that out, Father?” she says smiling at him.
Once again laughter fills their home.



Chapter 3


“Jacque, come over to the window. I want to show you something.” Isabelle requests. Walking over to his wife, he looks in the direction that she is pointing. “Look at Jehanne, Jacque. Can you believe that she is sixteen years old?”
“No, I can’t, time has gone so quickly. She has grown into a beautiful woman, just like her mother,” he says putting his arm around Isabelle’s waist and pulling her close to his side.
“Yes, she is rather beautiful, isn’t she,” Isabelle smiles. “And she is as tall as I am.”
“You call that tall?” Jacque quips.
“It’s a nice size for a woman, Jacque.”
“You are perfect for me, Isabelle.”
“Some of the young men must be thinking the same thing about Jehanne, because they are always looking at her when we walk through the village.”
“Well, they had better stay away from her until she is a lot older.”
“I don’t think that we have to worry about that, Jacque. She’s not even noticing that they are looking at her. It’s as though she knows her purpose, and she isn’t going to be swayed from the path that she has promised God she would travel.”
“From the day she was born, it seems that she has been directed in what she was supposed to do. How many other girls would give up their bed to a complete stranger, to make sure the stranger would be warm and get a goodnight’s sleep….”
“…Not very many. And I have always loved taking flowers with her to the church and praying for everyone that we know. I haven’t heard of any other mother and daughter doing that either. Her heart is focused on God and his purpose for this world.”
“We have had very good children, Isabelle….” Sensing his ears trying to make something of the sounds coming their way, Jacque finally says, “I can hear horses….”
Walking over to the door, he states, “My captains have finally come to talk over strategies. The English are testing us with false attacks, so they can see what we will do in any given situation. This helps them prepare for future attacks. We know that they will attack soon… I wish we could talk a lot longer, my sweet, but I had better go to the strategy tent.”
“I understand. I’ll send Jehanne with your lunch.”
“I will see you later,” he waves his hand as he walks to where his captains are waiting for him.
Walking into the cottage from the Hen House, Jehanne greets her parents, “Mother, Father here are some fresh eggs.”
“Thank you, Jehanne…your father left to be with his Captains. We were watching you feed the chickens earlier, and we both noticed how beautiful you have become.”
“Many people tell me that I look like you Mother, except for the color of my hair,” she says with a huge engaging smile.
“I’m flattered, Jehanne. Life has been kind to me, particularly with having a daughter like you.”
“Thank you, Mother. I am honored to be your daughter. After I have finished my chores, I will come back in and help you.”
“Until then,” Isabelle says to her daughter.
Finally with the sun high in the sky, the morning chores are done, Jehanne comes into the cottage. “Is there anything that I can help you with, Mother?”
“Yes, would you take your father and his men their lunch?”
“Where is he, Mother?”
“He’s in the strategy tent.”
Taking the lunch, and running toward the tent, Jehanne quietly enters.
“Here is your lunch, Father.”
“Ah… My beautiful daughter, come over here and tell me what you would do,” her father says as she steps up beside him. Using his index finger, he points saying, “The English are over here, and our village soldiers are here.”
As Jehanne’s Father and his fellow Captains watch her, she walks slowly around the strategy table, carefully surveying the mountains, lakes, and rolling hills. She looks from angle to angle. Then, with the concentration of a great general, she says, “Here is the English weakness, Father. Put a few men on top of this hill, in plain sight. I would make the English think that you know nothing about fighting strategy. As the English approach, have your men run down this side,” sliding her finger down the mountain side and toward the back of the hill. “As the English continue to approach, they will come through the narrow passage and around here to the back. It is here that they think they will fight a few scared French men. This is where you will have half of your forces. The other half will come up behind the English, through this same narrow passage way, making it impossible for the English to retreat. They will be trapped in-between two French forces. The surprise will be complete!”
“For a girl you know quite a bit about war,” her father commented with pride.
“Jehanne……..Jehanne,” her mother calls.
“I’ve got to go, Father.”
As Jehanne takes leave of her Father, his men start to make comments about her knowledge of war tactics.
“Jacque, do you think that it is wise to have your daughter know so much about war?” they ask.
       “What is wrong with a woman knowing the tactics of war? They are the ones that give birth to the men that fight. If they know the tactics of war, they can help train our sons. They will also be able to defend themselves when we have to leave the village.”
       “Jacque, women are not supposed to fight. They are supposed to stay home, tend the sheep, sew, cook and create blankets on the loom.”
“And what are they supposed to do when we are off fighting the English? Who is supposed to protect them? Don’t you think that it would be a good thing if they knew how to protect themselves, in case we are not around when they need us?”
“Listen, all I can say is that the women are supposed to stay home, clean; make us happy and have children.”
“And who is the person that decided that?” Jacque asks as he looks very stern and directly at his men.
“It has always been that way! It’s what makes a society work, everyone, has their own job and does it! All I can say is that if you allow your daughter to talk this way, we will tell the whole village, and they will come against your whole family.”
Jacque looks at them…takes a breath…pushes his lips together, but decides not to say anything.
“We’ll go and tell everyone to prepare and meet at the base of the hill. Will you be there, Jacque?” he is asked as they leave the tent.
“I’ll be there.” His anger gets the best of him, and he throws a part of the war strategy table to the ground. “Those closed minded saps. Who are they to tell me what I can teach my daughter!”

***

Running Deer begins to question. “Where am I? The fish’s tail pushed me and I fell into one of the portals…. It seems like I have been here forever.” Looking at himself he asks, “And why am I getting so tall? I don’t know what is happening, but it’s a good thing that my clothes seem to be expanding with each growth spurt that I have.” Pictures of his brother flash in his mind. “I wonder how my brother, Gray Wolf is doing? The last time I saw him, he was on the back of that huge fish and I was running toward him. I hope that he is ok.”
Running Deer begins to feel like he is slowly moving forward while bright bursts of light and loud claps of thunder become clearer with each movement. “That’s strange…. I wonder what that is.”
Shortly, one of the biggest storms in history begins to gather. Dark clouds and lightning bolts, which seem as large as the sky, spread their electricity from one end of the world to the other. The sound of thunder penetrates through all dimensions of time, heralding the cry that something extraordinary is about to happen.
“What’s happening?” Running Deer yells. “I’m being pushed out just like the day I was born.”

***

As they begin to gather their gear for their travel, buckets of rain pour down, saturating Jacque and his soldiers. Looking up to the sky, Jacque thinks to himself, “Water like this is a good omen. I wonder what is being sent our way….”
Two point men have already begun to travel and are further ahead of the main garrison. While they are sitting by the side of a rock trying to escape the rain, they suddenly hear a loud, high-pitched, shrill sound, coming directly from the low hanging, dark, rain filled clouds.
“EEEAAAAAA!”
“What’s that?” a soldier asks as he searches the sky.
“I don’t know,” the other soldier answers as his eyes widen trying to find whatever it is that made the sound.
Hitting the ground close to the rock that the soldiers are using to escape from the rain, Running Deer declares, “Ouch…….that really hurt!”
Spooked one soldier asks, “Who are you?” as he looks in Running Deer’s direction.
At that same time Running Deer is thinking, “What strange language do they speak?” Making a guess as to what they asked, he answers back in the only language he knows. “My name is Running Deer.”
“What kind of a name is that? I’ve never seen a deer come from the sky. And you certainly don’t look like any deer that I have ever seen.”
“Maybe he’s a flying deer!” the other soldier states with a smile.
In response, the first soldier calmly accuses, “I bet he’s an English spy.”
“Yes, they must have a new machine that throws their soldiers over behind enemy lines.”
Running Deer continues to wonder how they can understand each other, when everyone is speaking different languages, but decides not to worry about it. “I wasn’t thrown through the sky, I fell from the sky. What is an English spy anyway?” Running Deer asks.
“Did you hear that? He doesn’t even know what an English spy is.”
“Actually, I know what a spy is. I just don’t know what you mean when you say English spy.”
“We are French, and you certainly don’t look like any French man that I have ever seen. So you must be English!”
“I have never heard the name, English. What is it?”
“The English are a group of people who have made war against us for almost a hundred years.”
“That’s a long time. Why have you allowed them to fight you for that long?”
“We haven’t had any choice. They have the best army.”
“…Army. What is an army?” he questions.
“A group of men who fight against you….”
“Why don’t you make peace with them?” Running Deer asks.
“The English don’t make peace. They want to control the whole world. That’s one of the reasons they are trying to take our country. We want it back. We’ll make peace with them as soon as we get our land back.”
The second soldier breaks in. “You just asked us why we didn’t make peace with them…only a spy asks questions like that. A spy will try anything to get us to stop fighting, and give up.”
“Look, if you want me to be a spy, then that’s what I am.”
“Did you hear that? He just admitted it. He’s a spy!”
“Whether he’s a spy or not, he definitely is not French! Let’s take him to our commander.” Grabbing both of Running Deer’s arms they tie him up with a rope.
“Let me go. I wasn’t serious… I was just tired of talking about this.”
“Why should we believe you? We’ll take you to Jacque and let him decide what to do with you.”
As they arrive at the strategy tent, Jacque is just getting on his horse to ride out to join all of the other soldiers. Together they will then travel to where the battle is to take place.
“Look! Jacque, we caught an enemy spy.”
Looking at Running Deer, and knowing these particular soldiers quite well, with his opinion of them quite low, Jacque says, “He doesn’t look like a spy to me. Where did you find him?”
“We were at the bend of the main road waiting for everyone else, and he comes hurdling through the air.”
“What?”
“Yes. We heard yelling come from the clouds… then we saw him hit the ground.”
Turning toward Running Deer, Jacque asks, “Are you all right?”
“Yes, I am……..I think,” Running Deer answers as he rubs his leg and back. “I’m not who they think I am. I came to your country from the clouds.”
Looking at his two soldiers Jacque asks them to let everyone know that he will be with them shortly. After they leave he turns back to Running Deer and expresses, “…From the clouds?”
“Yes, my brother and I found the Hall of Corridors. It was from there that I was pushed through a portal.”
“…A portal?”
“Yes, you know an opening into each point of time in the history of the world.”
“You sound like someone that I would love to talk with. Sadly, I need to meet the rest of my soldiers, to battle against the English. Since you just came from the clouds, you probably don’t have a place to stay, do you?”
“No sir.”
“Well, we can’t leave you out here in all of this rain can we? In our village we make sure that all strangers are taken care of. You are a strong young man, and there are many marauding English soldiers that come by our village. While I am away would you please stay here with my wife and daughter and protect them? When I return, we will talk. You’ll be safe with them…. Jehanne…. Jehanne,” he calls.
“Yes Father?”
“Take this young man and find him a place to stay in the barn until I get back.”
“I will Father. Be safe.” 
Riding away, he looks back and waves good-bye to his wife, as she stands by their front door waiving back to him.
Jehanne and Running Deer have an instant connection. It’s as if they have known each other forever. She motions for him to follow her and together they run to the barn to get out of the rain.
“You are drenched. Stay here and I will go to the house to get you one of my father’s shirts. You’re closer to his size…. Wait a minute. Maybe one of my brothers left some clothes behind. Wait here I’ll be right back.”
Running to her cottage, she asks her mother, “Mother, did Pierre leave any of his shirts behind when he left for war?”
“Why, Jehanne?”
“Father asked me to take a young man that his soldiers found, to the barn to wait until he gets back.”
“I did see you with someone, but thought that he was one of your father’s soldiers.
“No, father said that it would be fine for him to stay here while he is gone. He is soaked to the skin mother. He is going to catch cold unless we find him some dry clothes.”
While Jehanne and her mother are looking through the clothes that have been left behind by the boys Isabelle asks, “How old do you think this young man is?”
“He looks like he is about nineteen, or twenty.”
“So he’s just a few years older than you are, Jehanne.”
“Mother, I’ve never seen anyone around our village that looks like he does. He has the strongest shoulders, and the most beautiful long black hair that I have ever seen.  And his eyes, they are so dark, yet they sparkle.”
“Well, I can’t wait to see this young man.  Here is a shirt. Do you think it will fit him?”
“It looks perfect, Mother.”
“Good and here is a pair of pants to go with it.” Out of the corner of her eye she sees a drying cloth.  “Jehanne, would you grab that cloth over there please? And just in case someone stops by while your father is gone, we must go together to give him these clothes, so that the villagers won’t get the wrong idea.”
Running to the barn, they open the door to find Running Deer shivering from the cold.
Isabelle quickly says, “Here are some dry clothes. Why don’t you go over behind that stall and change?”
Jehanne adds, “Here is something with which to dry yourself,” and hands him the cloth.
While Running Deer is changing his clothes, both Jehanne and Isabelle begin asking him questions.
Isabelle asks him, “Where did you come from?”
“Two of your soldiers found me after I fell from the sky.”
“You came from the sky?”
“Well, actually, it was a portal in the Hall of Corridors that sent me to your time.”
Looking at each other with surprise and happiness, Jehanne and Isabelle have a complete feeling of security.
Running Deer comes out from behind the stall in his new, clean, dry clothes. “This feels so much better, Thank you.”
Isabelle instantly notices that with Running Deer, there is a sense that surrounds him, a mystique. His dark eyes seem to penetrate whatever he is looking at. An essence of honor surrounds him.
“You came from the Hall of Corridors?” she asks.
“Yes, why do you ask?”
“Daniel came through the Hall of Corridors to help us when Jehanne was seriously sick.”
“When was Jehanne sick?”
“When she was a few months old, the weather had broken, and we had several neighbors come to visit her. A week later, all of the small children were getting extremely sick. Jehanne came down with a very high fever. Many of the children in our village died from this disease and we became concerned for Jehanne because, as her fever continued, she lost a great deal of weight. I slept on the floor by her bed and one evening I woke up to lights of different colors filling our cottage. Setting up, I wondered where the lights were coming from.
Then I realized that a man was standing by her bed. He said, “Don’t worry. Trust me. I am here to heal Jehanne….” With his lights he healed her. Turning around to introduce himself, he said that help would always be by her side….That was the only time that she has ever been sick in her whole life. He said that his name is Daniel, and that he had come through the Hall of Corridors. Do you know him?”
“No. My brother and I were in the Hall of Corridors for just a short period of time, when a huge fish pushed me through a portal. I landed here. I don’t know where my brother is.”
“Running Deer, this woman who has been asking you all these questions, and telling you my story, is my mother, Isabelle,” Jehanne says with a smile.
“I’m glad to meet you.”
“Your name is Running Deer?”
“Yes.”
“From this day forward, your name is going to be Pierre,” Isabelle states.
“But Mother, that is brother’s name!” Jehanne comments with shock.
“I know. That’s why I picked it. Your brother is off to war right now. We’ll just tell the villagers that he has returned for a short while.”
“And what will we tell them, when they question why he doesn’t look like Pierre?”
“He does have black hair.”
“Yes, but Pierre never wore it that long.”
“Jehanne, he has been to war. Men change when they go to war. He now likes wearing his hair to his waist. That’s all that we’ll say.”
“And everything else?”
“We’ll just say the war had a strange affect on him. Otherwise, the villagers will not allow him to stay with two women alone, while your father is gone. And Jehanne, I don’t want him to go through all the teasing that you have endured all your life, just because you like to go to church, and because you are always so nice to everyone. The villagers will use any excuse to make fun of someone. And with a name like Running Deer, they will never let him live in peace!”
“Mother, you are so smart. Pierre. Pierre will be his name.”
“Pierre? What kind of a name is that?” Running Deer asks. “If you don’t like Running Deer, what about Yellow Dog, Walking Turkey, Jumping Rabbit, or even Tribal River?”
Listening in shock, with their mouths open, Isabelle questions, “They are names of people?”
“Yes, they are names of my tribal brothers.”
Trying to figure out if he is joking or not, she adamantly says, “Ah…No! Thank you, but we need a French name.”
“What does French mean?”
“The name of our country is France. Our language is French. In answer to your question, French is the name of the language of our country.”
Pointing to each woman he says, your name is Isabelle?”
“Yes.”
“And your name is Jehanne?”
“Yes.”
“They are very pretty names, but I’ve never heard names like that before. For women, I can remember, Mother Hot Ash, Mother Red Rose, or like my own mother’s name, Snow Flower.”
“Those names are names of women that you know?”
“Yes, they are all names in my tribe.  What is the name you called me?”
“Pierre.”
“Pierre, huh…” Suddenly his stomach starts growling, “Do you have anything to eat?”
“Yes, come with me to our cottage. There’s plenty of food for you.”

***

“Daniel, Running Deer has made it to his destination. He is with a great family. Hopefully, Jon and Julia will be able to find him.”
“Thank you, Treysen. Do you have a visual on Jon and Julia yet?”
“They haven’t left the portal yet, Daniel.”
“Ok, let me know when they do.”
“I will, as soon as I see them step onto land.”

***

After a few days, Running Deer, who is getting used to being called Pierre, is finally adjusting to his new family. Walking out to the barn, he tells Jehanne, “I love horses. Why don’t we go for a ride?”
“I can’t.”
“What do you mean? You don’t know how to ride a horse, or you aren’t supposed to ride it.”
“Both. I don’t know how to ride a horse, because our society doesn’t believe that women should ride horses.”
“…Why not?”
“I actually don’t know. It’s just not my place to ride a horse.”
“Would you like to learn how?”
“Yes, but how can I do that?”
“Is there any reason that you can’t ride one of your sheep?”
“No, there’s nothing wrong with that, but no one rides sheep.”
“Well, you’re going to.”
“Now, why am I going to ride one of our sheep?”
“It will help you with the basics of riding an animal. Then your next step will be to ride a horse.”
“I wouldn’t have thought of that Pierre,” she says, as if a great idea has exploded in her mind.
After Jehanne and Pierre take the sheep to the common grazing area, Pierre brings the subject up again.
“All right, let’s pick out one of your sheep.” Looking at the flock, Pierre points to one and says, “What about that one?”
“Do you think it’s big enough?”
“It’s not the size. Besides, the closer you are to the ground, the softer your fall will be.”
“I’m going to fall?” she questions as her face reflects fear and she backs away.
“Well…you probably won’t, Jehanne. I was saying that, just in case it happened that way,” Pierre says hiding a crooked smile.
“Oh, let’s get started then.”
“Now just to let you know, sheep don’t like to have people on their backs. So we have to sneak up on them.”
“Ah, I just thought of something, Pierre.”
“What?”
“How am I going to do this wearing a dress?”
“Hummm…” Pierre cups his hand around his chin while he gives the dilemma some thought. “Bend forward, grab the middle of your skirt in back and bring it to the front in between your legs. Then tuck it into your front waist band.”
“That should work, Pierre. I’ll try it!”
After tucking the back of her skirt into the front waist band, she walks behind a huge boulder, and quietly climbs up onto the rock. Pierre is shocked to see her suddenly on top of the rock. She immediately jumps down, trying to land on the back of a sheep which is quietly grazing on the grass around the boulder.
“Haaayyyyyy,” she yells as she falls toward the back of the sheep below her. Instantly the sheep moves. “No, no don’t move,” she says panicked at the thought of the ground coming up so quickly, landing face first in the dirt.
Running to her side, Pierre asks, “Are you all right?”
“Ouch! What happened?” Jehanne moans as she lifts her head.
“You warned the sheep when you yelled. You have to be as quiet as you can. Just sneak up on it.”
“Fine,” she answered wiping the dirt from her face, and rubbing the pain she felt in her side and back. Walking with a slight limp, she makes her way behind the boulder and waits until the sheep feel comfortable enough to begin eating the grass again.
Whispering, Jehanne says, “Pierre, here they come again.”
“Good. Just be quiet this time. And rather than climbing to the top of the boulder, why don’t you run around the side of it?”
“I’ll try.” Looking over all the sheep, she asks Pierre, “What about that one?”
“Great. Try it again!” he encourages her.
Quickly running from behind the boulder, Jehanne jumps onto the back of a sheep, which is standing with his back toward her. Landing on its back, she reaches out her arms and grabs around his neck. She is hoping this will help her, which it does…for a second… until the sheep darts to the left, and Jehanne slides off to the right onto the ground, rolling over and over again.
Pierre begins to laugh. “That is the funniest thing I have ever seen,” he thinks to himself. “This could turn out to be a great joke that I can play on Jehanne.”
Phillip, a neighbor, is taking an afternoon walk and looks over toward Pierre. He continues to watch from afar, as Pierre continues to help Jehanne pick out different sheep to try to ride. He then watches as Pierre begins to laugh each time she begins her ride. Walking up to him, Phillip asks, “What are both of you doing?”
“I’m helping Jehanne, so that in time, she will know how to ride a horse.”
“How can riding sheep help you learn to ride a horse?”
“It can’t.”
“So, why are you doing it?”
“…Watch!”
He watches as Jehanne tries again and again, always being thrown off. Yet, with great determination, she continues to pick out one sheep after another.
Phillip says to Pierre, “So, this is all a joke to you?”
“Yes, it is,” Pierre answers with a smile on his face.
“Pierre, you should be taking care of her, not making fun of her! Jehanne has been nothing but kind to me and to my family. In fact, Jehanne always does kind things for everyone in the village. Has she ever done anything mean to you?”
“No, she has always been kind.”
“Has she ever told you a lie?”
“No.”
“Then why are you lying to her?”
“I’m not lying, I’m just joking around.”
“Are you being completely truthful to her?”
“No.”
“Then you are lying to her. If it is not completely truthful then it is a lie!”
Beginning to feel bad, he says, “I understand, I’ll stop her.”
Just as Pierre turns around, Jehanne lands on another sheep to take another ride. This ride is longer, but finally, she is thrown very hard and lies on the ground not getting up.
Running over to Jehanne, Pierre quietly asks, “Jehanne, Jehanne, are you all right?”
Jehanne’s body is limp, her breathing is shallow.
Kneeling on the ground, near her head, he begs for her forgiveness, “I’m sorry Jehanne. I’m really sorry. Please forgive me. I was just having a little fun with you. Please, Jehanne, look at me.”
One of Jehanne’s eyes open half way…then the other slowly opens. “You were…just…having fun…with…me?”
“Yes. I’m sorry, Jehanne. I’m really sorry. Are you all right?”
Quickly getting up, and brushing herself off, she says, “Of course I am! I saw you laughing, and realized what you were doing so I decided to teach you a lesson.”
“Well, you did a good job, you scared me half to death,” Pierre says, relieved that she isn’t hurt.
“Oh…I do forgive you, but only if you never do anything like this ever again, Pierre.”
“I promise. I’ll always be truthful to you from this day forward.”
“Thank you…. Now for one more ride,” she says, slightly bending over and rubbing her hands together. While Jehanne is getting ready to pick another sheep to ride, Phillip walks up to her.  Putting his hand on her shoulder as she looks up toward him, he says “Jehanne, why don’t you rest for a moment and let Pierre take a ride?” He winks his left eye so that only she can see it.
Understanding what he is suggesting, she says, “That’s a good idea, Phillip. It would really be great to rest while I watch Pierre take a turn.” Looking at Pierre she says, “I was just thinking Pierre, I’m having a hard time getting the hang of this, would you show me how to do it?”
Knowing that he would never live it down if he didn’t take his turn, he says, “Why, yes, I’d be glad to show you, Jehanne.”
Looking at the flock, and trying to pick the perfect one, there is a strange feeling that seems to be emanating from the flock to Jehanne, and back again.
“Jehanne, are these sheep smiling?” Pierre asks.
“I’ve never seen a sheep smile, have you, Phillip?” she answers trying to sound serious.
“No, can’t say that I have,” Phillip says, waiting to see how Pierre fares in the same situation he had put Jehanne.
Slowly most of the flock, stroll away, leaving one of the largest of the sheep within Pierre’s reach. In his mind he says, “I can’t just stand here…herrrre I goooo.” As Pierre jumps into the air, the lone sheep quickly turns around. Pierre lands directly on its back. “Good job,” he says to himself. “I’ll show Jehanne that I can ride…wait a minute…where is its head? It feels like I’m going backward!” A plume of sour air seems to be rising directly below Pierre’s face, as he is just in the middle of taking a huge breath. “Oh, now that is reallllly bad,” he says, trying to keep his concentration on his riding.
Finally, as the sheep makes the sharpest turn that any sheep has ever made, Pierre finds himself sailing off into the middle of a puddle of mud. The sheep then prances off with his head held high. Jehanne and Phillip are laughing so hard, they can barely stand.
“That is the funniest thing that I have ever seen, Phillip.”
“I’ve lived a lot longer than you have Jehanne and I will agree with you. That is the funniest thing that I have ever seen in my whole life!”
Pierre sits up in the mud, and looks over at Jehanne and Phillip. “So you think, that was funny, huh?”
Trying to respond while still laughing, Jehanne ekes out, “If you saw what we saw, and the way that you look now Pierre, you’d understand why we are laughing.”
“Fine, come and help me out of here.”
“I will Pierre, as soon as I take another ride,” Jehanne states as she takes a breath trying to stop her laughing.
Looking at Jehanne, Phillip asks, “You’re going to ride again?”
“Yes, I think that I’ll be able to do it this time.” Picking out a sheep, sneaking up on it, running and landing squarely on its back, Jehanne raps her arms around its neck, her legs around its sides, and holds on for dear life. The sheep runs here and there making sharp turns. Finally it begins to slow down, and a few minutes later, the sheep stops running. Jehanne slides off of its back. Looking at the sheep, she pats its head. “I’m sorry you’re so tired, but I finally did it. Thanks, little one.” Looking over at Pierre, who is still sitting in the mud, and then over to Phillip, she begins to jump up and down in excitement, with her hands in the air saying, “See, I told you that I could do it!”
Walking over to Pierre, and holding out her hand to help him out of the mud puddle, Pierre firmly takes her hand saying, “I’m getting to know that you are able to do anything that you put your mind to Jehanne.”
“And don’t you ever forget it, Pierre,” Jehanne says with a huge unsuspecting smile. Suddenly, Pierre yanks on her arm. “Noooo, Pierre….” she cries as she flies through the air, landing in the mud puddle right next to him. Scrambling to get some air, she throws both her arms up, almost ready to cry. “Look at me!” she says, so frustrated that he would do this to her.
Pierre says as he continues to laugh, “I am looking at you. You should see yourself.”
“Do you think that you look any different?” Jehanne states as she calms down and begins to smile. Looking at Pierre, and listening to his laugh, she begins to laugh also, as she throws a handful of mud at his face.
“You want a mud fight do you?” he asks.
“No. NO, PIERRE!” She holds her hands up to guard her face. “I have enough mud on me.”
Turning to walk home, Phillip shouts to both of them, “YOU HAD BETTER GO HOME AND GET CLEANED UP BEFORE IT GETS DARK. IF ANYONE SEES YOU WALKING AROUND THESE PARTS, THEY WILL THINK THAT YOU ARE MONSTERS. YOU MIGHT GET AN ARROW OR TWO SHOT AT YOU BEFORE YOU CAN PROVE WHO YOU ARE.”
“GOOD IDEA, PHILLIP,” Jehanne shouts back as she stands up. “We had better get going Pierre.”
“Jehanne, would you help me up again?” he asks as he holds out his hand.
“Ha, I’m not falling for that trick again, Pierre. You’ll have to get yourself out of the mud,” she says with a smile. She looks over at Phillip and yells, “SEE YOU, PHILLIP,” waving to him. After taking a few steps, she looks back at Pierre still sitting in the mud. “Come on mud man, you can move faster than that. We had better hurry and gather the sheep. Mother will be wondering where we are.”
Climbing out of the mud, Pierre hurries to catch up. By the time they arrive home, the mud which covers their bodies has dried, making it hard to walk. The bells around the sheep’s necks let Isabelle know that the sheep have arrived home. Looking out the doorway, she sees two strange beings with her sheep. Grabbing her bow and arrow, she walks toward them. “Leave my sheep alone, and leave my property!” she states with determination, holding her bow and arrow ready to shoot.
“Mother, it’s us….” Jehanne says quickly.
“…Jehanne? Pierre? Don’t ever do anything like that again! I was ready to shoot you!”
“We just fell in a puddle of mud….”
“Oh, is that all that happened? Lock the gate and come over by the well. I’ll help you get cleaned up.” Isabelle is thinking to herself, “Ha, this is going to be fun.”
Walking over to the well, Isabelle instructs them, “Stand over there I’ll get a bucket of water.” As she stands with her back to them, the smile on her face gets bigger and bigger.
Turning around, Isabelle warns, “Don’t move!” And she throws the water in the bucket directly toward them.”
SPLASH!
“Do you have to throw it so hard, Mother?” Jehanne asks.
“To get the mud off of you completely, I have to make sure that I get as much water on you as I can,” Isabelle said trying to hide her smile. “I hope you know that you’re not going into our cottage until you’re clean.”
“You can throw the water Mother, but do it quickly, it’s cold out here.”
“This is too much fun,” Isabelle finally says out loud.
Jehanne shouts in between the splattering waves of water. “Have your fun now Mother, because I’m never going to do this again,” finally realizing that her mother is playing with them.
“Aaaa, so you’ve learned your lesson?”
“Yes, Isabelle. We’ve learned our lesson,” Pierre replies.
“Good. I’ll just slowly pour it down from the top of your head then. We shouldn’t waste water like this. That is why you don’t play in the mud when you don’t have time to swim in the lake. Water, from the well, should be used sparingly.”
Shortly, both Jehanne and Pierre are free of the mud that was on their bodies. Looking at her children, holding the bucket down to her right side with her left hand on her hip, she makes an observation with a huge smile. “You look like a couple of drowned rats. Now be off with you. Get into some dry clothes, and then come into the kitchen for dinner.”
Finally they are all sitting at the table when Isabelle says, “Guess what? I got word that your father is on his way home.”
“Did everything go well for him, Mother?”
“I don’t know. All I know is that he is on his way home. Eat now, children. It is late and time to go to bed.”
A few days later Jehanne’s father returns home. He has been gone to war for two months, and even though he has a few minor wounds, he and most of his men have returned.
“The English took their time finding us…but when they saw our soldiers on top of the hill, your plan worked like a charm Jehanne. Say… where is that young man that I left here?”
“He just brought the sheep back, and is putting them in their corral for the night.”
Pierre walks in the door. “The sheep are settled down for the night.”
“Thank you, Pierre,” Isabelle states.
“Pierre? You call him Pierre?” Jacque asks with a shocked expression.
“Yes, Jacque, I thought that the villagers would question us less if he had the same name as our son. Our son is home from war for a while….”
“I knew that you were smart, Isabelle, but I didn’t know that you were this smart. I never would have thought of that. I’m glad that Jehanne has your brains, my love.”
Looking at her husband with a smile she answers, “Me too….”
Laughing at his wife’s answer, he says, “Do I smell some French food?”
“Yes, my strong protector, are you ready to eat?”
“I was ready to eat your delicious food long before I arrived home.”
As everyone sits down for the evening meal, father continues to tell them the details of the battle.
“So, everything went as planned then Father?” Jehanne asks.
“It went so well that from now on, I’m going to talk over all my plans with you before I make a final decision! Of course we won’t be able to talk about it in front of anyone in the village.”
“I know. Everyone has been looking at me strangely. Many of them don’t talk to me.”
“I still think it’s important that you know the strategy of war, Jehanne. Maybe we could also have Pierre play that war board game with us.” Looking at Pierre, he asks, “Would you like to play the game with us.”
“Yes, if it is as fun as watching Jehanne ride the sheep, and landing in a mud puddle, I would love to.” With this remark, Isabelle, Pierre and Jehanne begin to laugh, while Jacque has a “What happened?” look on his face.
“It’s a great story, Jacque.” Isabelle whispers to him, “I’ll tell you later tonight.”
“Let’s just see if he knows anything about the tactics of war. I’ll wager that I can drive you out of France, Pierre,” Jehanne challenges him.
“Very well Jehanne. The bet is on….”
With dinner over, Jacque sets up the board game. As Jehanne and Pierre continue to banter back and forth, Jacque looks over at his wife. “Isabelle, would you please come here and play this game with us? I think that it’s important for every member of this family to learn how to defend themselves.”
Pleased, Isabelle sits down by her husband.
“Jehanne, what is the main objective for the French Captains to keep in mind when fighting in a battle, or when the strategies are talked about in a war council?” Jacque asks his daughter.
“Our main objective is to deceive the enemy, so as to prevent effective opposition from their forces.”
“Perfect! Now let’s see if you can put that objective to work. We will pair up so that Isabelle and Pierre can see, by example, how to use this strategy. Isabelle and I will be side A. Jehanne, you and Pierre will be side B. After this battle, we will take turns playing against each other individually. Remember, with your imagination, anything is possible. Is everyone ready?”
“Yes, we’re ready Jacque…quit talking,” Isabelle adds smiling. “If I win, you get to make breakfast in the morning.”
“My love…. If I win or not, I would love to make breakfast for you in the morning.”
“What about me and Pierre, Father?” Jehanne asks.
“It doesn’t make any difference if you win or lose. You get to make your own breakfast,” Jacque answers, looking away from Jehanne so that she won’t see his smile.
Isabelle comments, “I saw your smile, Jacque. Why are you trying to hide it from Jehanne?”
“Me? Hiding? I was just looking at the fire to see if we had enough wood in it before we got the game started.” As he looks back at Jehanne and Pierre, everyone begins to laugh. The laughter continues throughout the evening as they all take their turn winning a battle.
Finally, as they go to their rooms to sleep, loud laughter can be heard coming from Jacque. A smile comes to her own face as Jehanne thinks, “Mother must have told him about the sheep, the mud puddle and how she threw water at us to get us clean.”

***

“Treysen, Joshua, I am going to walk down to the Hall of Corridors I want to see if that fish is causing any more trouble.”
“Ok, see you when you return, Daniel.”
Walking into the Hall of Corridors, Daniel notices a large puddle of water on the floor.
“This is the same thing that happened when Running Deer and Gray Wolf secretly entered this hall, just after they intentionally lost their guide in the afterlife.”
Remembering the images on the monitor in the Security Division, Daniel begins to laugh. “…Those boys, what a pair!” As his mind fills with pictures, his memories become vocal. “First of all, everyone was so happy to find them on the monitors. The antics of Running Deer getting kissed by a huge fish and Gray Wolf riding the tail of the fish that pushed both of them into their different portals; what a day!” he says, laughing to himself.
Walking over to the exact portal the boys had been attracted to, Daniel continues, “I really wish I could have been in the water, with the fish, so that I could have seen Running Deer’s face when that fish kissed him.” Laughing out loud, all he can think of now is how Running Deer probably looked at that moment. “What a joy they must have been to their parents.”
Continuing his investigation, looking at all of the water that is once again on the floor, Daniel asks himself, “I wonder what those fish are doing now….” Looking through the refracted waves with a soft motion of his hand, Daniel watches the fish as they swim through the deep water.
A sparkle of bright light in the distance catches his attention. Looking in the direction of the light, Daniel finally recognizes what is now an underwater city. As his eyes adjust, he sees different objects darting back and forth, approaching and leaving the city. Rays of light filtering through the water bounce off the objects beautiful silver exterior. Their oval shape proudly displays a crescent, which strikes fear into Daniel’s soul. Sadness overcomes him, and he slumps to the floor, sitting with his back against the wall.
His mind is filled with memories, fear and concern. “They’re here. I thought that they would come sometime. But they are here now, and they are much more advanced than I thought they would be.… I’m not ready!”
Daniel pulls his knees up to his chest, puts his head onto his knees and wraps his arms around his folded, retracted legs. Images of his wife and children suddenly retrieved from his memory, flash in his mind. Tears come to his eyes as he quietly says, “Mira…my wife, I miss you so much. Why couldn’t I be with you and our children?”
Memories and pain, hidden for so long, finally begin to surface. His shoulders and stomach begin to quake, while silent sobs come from his heart, and escape out through his trembling lips.
Slowly, he regains control of his emotions. “I will take care of the matters at hand for now. But you…” looking back toward the portal and the underwater city, “YOU AND YOUR KIND WILL NOT RUN ME OUT OF THIS HOME AS YOU DID ON GLIESE!” Finally, getting up from the floor, he wipes the tears from his eyes and begins walking back down the hall, and out through the doors of the Hall of Corridors.
He meets Treysen, who expresses his concern. “Daniel, I saw you sit on the floor of the Hall of Corridors. What’s happening? I’ve never seen you do that.”
Stopping for a moment, Daniel looks directly at Treysen. “They’re here! And there are more of them than I thought there would be!” Extreme anger can be seen on his face, and in his body language, as he begins to walk again. Concerned, Treysen follows him.

***

Morning comes quickly in Domremy, France, and the sheep are anxious to be lead to their grazing field. Because of marauding forces constantly roaming their country, all animals are kept close to home during the evening and night, so that they can be protected from becoming someone else’s dinner.
Walking to Pierre’s bedroom, Jehanne knocks on the door. “Pierre, we slept in. I’ll take the sheep out so that they can eat. Would you please help mother, and then bring breakfast to me out in the field?”
“I would be glad to do that for you, Jehanne,” he says half asleep.
“Good. Don’t be too long. I’m famished.”
“I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
While Jehanne is sitting under a Crabapple tree watching the sheep graze, Pierre has covered himself in mud, branches and weeds. He has decided to try to sneak up on Jehanne. “She won’t be able to see me. I’ll look like the very background that is all around.” Putting her breakfast down on a rock, Pierre silently crawls closer and closer toward Jehanne. Finally, he is right behind her.
“I wonder what’s taking Pierre so long,” she says to herself. “I’m hungry enough that these sheep are beginning to look good to me. Where are you, Pierre?”
Jehanne hears a muffled, “I’m right here.” Looking around she sees nothing.
Once again she hears, “I’m right here, Jehanne.”
“Where are you, Pierre.”
“You’re looking right at me.”
“What?”
“You’re looking directly at me.”
“…Where?”
Suddenly, he jumps toward her yelling, “Boo!”
With great speed and determination, Jehanne grabs a branch, and hits him on his nose over and over again.
“Ouch! Ouch! Quit hitting me Jehanne. It’s me, Pierre. Look!”
Jehanne stops hitting him, as he wipes the mud off of his face.
“Why did you do that, Pierre?”
“I thought that it would be funny. I remember seeing my Father do something like this. He and his tribal brothers did this so that our enemies wouldn’t be able to see them.”
“That’s actually a good idea, Pierre! I’ll have to remember that technique. I may need it sometime. Did you, by chance, bring my breakfast?”
“I did.”
“Where is it?”
“It’s over on that big rock.”
“What big rock?”
“…The one that has that huge hawk on it.” Finally realizing that the hawk was eating her breakfast, he quickly runs, straight at the hawk, flinging his arms up and down, in all directions trying to scare the hawk away from the food. But the hawk, determined to eat as much food as it can, continues eating until the very moment Pierre snatches the food out from under him.
“Get away, you thief. This is not meant for you. It’s for Jehanne.”
Walking back to Jehanne, he sees a huge smile on her face. “What are you smiling for, Jehanne? He ate most of your breakfast!”
“You looked so funny with all that mud, weeds and branches all over you, and your arms moving all over the place. You should have seen yourself, I will remember it forever. Whenever I need a laugh, I’ll remember it!”
“Well, while you eat your breakfast, I’m going to go to the lake and wash this stuff off. I don’t want your mother to splash me with water like she did the other day. That hurt!” Pierre’s face expresses a weird painful smile.
Laughing, Jehanne says, “See you soon.”
Pierre goes to the lake, and enjoys a quick swim as the water melts the mud, branches and weeds off of his head and body. As he walks back toward Jehanne, he hears screaming. He begins to run. First of all, he wants to make sure that Jehanne is all right and then he will see where the screaming is coming from. As he gets closer to her, the screams become louder. Coming in sight of where the sheep are grazing, he can see Jehanne is trying to fend someone off. Realizing that the screams are coming from her, he begins running even faster, jumping onto the man, grabbing his arms, pulling him off of Jehanne, and throwing him to the ground.
The man is shocked and frightened that someone has knocked him to the ground and he gets up running away as fast as he can.
“What happened, Jehanne?” Pierre asks, as he holds her, trembling, in his arms.
“I was sitting here eating my breakfast, when that man came up from behind me. He grabbed me, and threw me to the ground. I screamed, hoping that you would hear me.”
“I’m so sorry that I wasn’t here. It wouldn’t have happened, if he had seen both of us here.”
“I’m fine, Pierre. I just have a few scratches on my face. Nothing else happened.”
“Let’s take you home, and clean up those scratches.”
Arriving at the cottage, her mother and father ask what happened. As her mother cleans her scratches, Pierre tells them of the man who was attacking Jehanne.
“That’s it! I don’t care what anyone in our village has to say, my daughter is going to know how to defend herself…. Pierre, I have been teaching you how to use the sword. So the village won’t see Jehanne with a sword, would you please teach Jehanne in the barn, while I am preparing war strategies with the other village Captains in the strategy tent?”
“I would be glad to,” he says with fire burning in his eyes.
“And Isabelle, you will be seen weaving at the loom, in plain sight for the whole village to see.”
“I agree with you my love. Jehanne needs to know how to defend herself.”
“Are you sure Father?” Jehanne asks.
“Yes, I am very sure!”
Early the next morning, before Jacque and the village Captains start to plan their strategies, Pierre and Jehanne can be heard practicing their sword fighting. Steel hitting against steel has a very loud sound. Hurrying to the barn, Isabelle suggests, “Until I make mufflers for your swords, would you please use these twigs so that the sound won’t be so loud.”
“We were concentrating so hard, we didn’t know we were making so much noise, Mother,” Jehanne apologizes.
“There’s no one around here right now. But if someone were to come, and hear those sounds, they would surely investigate, and that would be dangerous for the welfare of our family.”
“We understand, Isabelle,” Pierre states. “From here on out we will make sure that there will be no sounds coming from our swords.”
“Thank you. Now get back to your practicing.”
“Alright, Mother.”
“Jehanne, before we get the wood sticks, let’s practice how to safely take the sword from its sheath, and put it back again.”
“This is a lot harder than I thought it would be, Pierre.”
“It is for most people at the beginning, Jehanne. Because it is somewhat awkward, you hold your sheath with your left hand, while you take the sword out of its holder with your right. If you aren’t careful, it can be very easy to cut your hand.”
“I can see what you are saying, Pierre. Sometimes the sheath moves, or I might have my hand too close to the top, and the blade of the sword is very sharp. I’m going to really have to practice this one. It seems so simple, yet it can be very dangerous.”
Walking into the barn, Jacque is excited to tell them, “I found some wooden swords for you to practice with. I remember using these when I first began to learn how to fight with a sword,” he reminisces with pride.
“Thank you Father.” Turning to Pierre Jehanne says, “These are all most like swords, except they aren’t as heavy, or as sharp.” Turning back to her father she adds, “We will put them to good use, Father.”
Pierre nods his head in appreciation. “These wood swords will make it a lot easier to show Jehanne the techniques she needs to know. Thank you Jacque.”
“I’ll be back to see your progress, my children,” Jacque states, grateful that his daughter is being trained to defend herself.
As Pierre teaches Jehanne the basic techniques of sword fighting, the sounds of wood hitting wood, is much quieter than steel hitting steel.
Later in the day, Isabelle walks into the barn again. Smiling, she stands and watches Jehanne and Pierre for a while. “Your Father found his practice swords?”
“Yes, Mother.”
“That is a lot better. I couldn’t hear any sound coming from here. I wanted you to know that I made covers for you to put over your swords. They are ready, when you are ready to use them.”
“Thank you, Mother.”
For months, Pierre and Jehanne go to the barn to practice how the sword is used in war. Her father maneuvers his time, and is able to sneak in and give some extra help also.
“I’m proud of you, Jehanne. All the men that I know feel that women can’t learn this type of weaponry. You have proved them all wrong!”
“Why would they think that a woman can’t learn to use the sword?”
“I guess it’s the pride that some people have. It’s been that way for so long, and they fear change.”
“Father, anyone can learn anything. They just have to be taught.”
“I agree. If everyone had your attitude, the world would be a much better place.”

***

For days at the Beach House, Treysen tries to understand everything that Daniel had told him. He finds Daniel alone in the hallway, and works up the nerve to ask, “Who’s here, Daniel?”
Daniel’s mood changes, just as it did when Treysen listened to him a few days earlier. He begins to walk once again with great determination. Treysen quickly follows so that he can hear what Daniel has to say. “…The people who ruled and destroyed my home, my culture, and my world. I’m sick. My heart told me the possible future of this world.”
“What’s going to happen here?” Treysen questions….
“The same group of people, who created havoc in my world, have sent a search party here to start the same process.”
“Process….”
“Yes, the process of hate. Hate can only destroy individuals, the nations they live in, and the world they occupy. These people that came here from my world can’t exist without hatred….” Daniel suddenly stops walking. Turning to face Treysen, he makes this point. “You see, they have to hate someone else, so that they don’t hate themselves. They don’t feel at home unless their heart and the hearts of everyone around them are full of hate… so I fear for this world.”
“You fear for this world?”
“Yes. At the beginning, it was a world of love. But, little by little hatred has crept into the minds and hearts of all human beings. It has had a hold on them ever since.”
“What can be done, Daniel?”
Turning back around, Daniel begins to walk again with great determination, “I don’t know for sure. Hopefully the people of this world will be stronger than my people were…. There is a saying that I have learned while living here. ‘What one generation endures, the next will embrace.’ On my world, my generation endured. We couldn’t believe that people could exist with so much hatred in their hearts. We thought that if we just did the right thing that they would change. We were so naïve! We continued to endure, year after year. We didn’t stand up for our God given rights! The rights that many of us took for granted. We all thought that in the end, nothing would really change, that it would evolve back to the kind of world that we were used to. And if it didn’t, someone else would come to save us….”
Coming to the outside door, Daniel opens it, taking in a breath of fresh air. Looking up to the pale blue, cloud covered sky, he emphasizes, “What we failed to realize, is that each individual has to save himself. It is up to each individual to make their own choice. If they decide to stand with God, then they have to stand their ground. They have to become aware, remember, and stand up for what God has given to all of us.”
Walking onto the beach, he takes his sandals off.
Following Daniel’s every move Treysen takes his shoes off also.
Squishing the sand under their feet as they walk, feeling the pounding movement of the waves hitting the beach and hearing the sound of the Sea Gulls over head, all of this begins to calm Daniel’s mood, as he turns to face Treysen.
“You see, we all felt that we were living righteously, because we weren’t physically fighting with those that hated us so much. We endured what was handed out to us, feeling that it was God’s will.”
“Most people do that, Daniel.”
“I know. We felt that we had to set a peaceful example for our children.”
“Most parents try to do that too.”
“You are correct Treysen, but we didn’t realize two very profound things.” He puts up two fingers to emphasize his points. “First, God doesn’t expect anyone to endure abuse of any kind! And second, we didn’t realize that our example of enduring would push our children to embrace the teachings of hatred….”
“I don’t understand, Daniel. If you were setting the right example, why would your children choose something else?”
“You see, it’s easier to embrace something, rather than enduring it, or fighting against it…. It’s easier to be a part of something, than to stand on principles by yourself.”
Daniel’s expression changes from a concerned type of energy to a very deep sadness. “Because we endured hatred, and our children embraced hatred, they became a part of it. And everything in our world changed. Hatred took our freedom away. Hatred destroyed our beautiful world, Gliese.”
His words fade away as he looks up to the stars shining brightly above them. Reverting back to his own world, Gliese, he remembers everything that he had been talking about, all the feelings of abuse and pain that he had endured. He began to wonder what could have been, if only….
Trying to regroup, Daniel finally looks back at Treysen. “I have learned a great deal from the people of this world. One of the greatest things that I have learned is this: You don’t have to endure, and you usually don’t have to physically fight to win and to keep your God given rights. You just have to stand your ground.” Taking a stick he finds on the beach, he begins to draw a line in the sand. “All you have to do is draw a line. One side represents what is right. The other side represents what is wrong. Just stay on the side that represents what is right.”
“But, Daniel, what if someone tries to push you over to the other side of the line? Or what if all of your friends and family are on the wrong side?” Treysen asks.
“Then you have a decision to make, Treysen. You have to decide what the Lord would want you to do. Do you want to stand with the Lord? Or is your need to feel part of a group so important that you choose to do what they do, so they won’t make fun of you.”
“It’s hard sometimes, Daniel.”
“I know how hard it is, Treysen. But, it’s your choice! And if you choose to stand alone in honor of what’s right against all those that you love, remember this…plant your feet securely, do not let them move you. Do only what you need to do to defend yourself and to keep your God given rights. If you are attacked, you have a right to defend yourself.  But to kill someone out of hatred is absolutely wrong. You kill only when your life or the life of those you are to protect, is in danger.”
Looking back at the stars, Daniel adds, “You see, it is so easy to hate. To hate and to be filled with hatred makes everything look, and feel so dark. It brings on depression, and that is a sign that you are on the wrong path. When you choose what is right, your world is bright.”
Putting his hand on Treysen’s shoulder, he adds, “When you have to stand your ground, your mood at first may be filled with conflict and pain, but your heart will be calm, and in the long run it will be filled with happiness.”
Contemplating what Daniel has just said, with his right index finger on his cheek, Treysen says, “I think that I understand what you are saying.”
Looking directly at Treysen, Daniel says, “I knew that they would come at some point in time. But I can see why now, it wasn’t just to find me…they weren’t satisfied taking over just one world. They have come to spread their hatred throughout this world also! And it will continue throughout this whole universe until everyone makes a decision to stand for what is right. Hatred, and all that it entails, can’t survive without those individuals that are willing to embrace it! We have got to stop it now, Treysen.... Somehow we have got to stop it.”
Sitting down on the beach; listening to the quiet ebb and flow of the ocean waves Daniel and Treysen contemplate the future of the world.



Chapter 4


Walking around the cottage, Pierre is looking for Jehanne. Finally seeing her sitting under a nearby tree, he tries to make it look as if he has just wandered in her direction by mistake. “Oh hello Jehanne, I didn’t see you there.”
“Hello, Pierre,” she says in a low distant voice.
“What’s the matter, Jehanne?” I don’t normally see you just sitting and doing nothing. You seem to be deep in thought?”
“I’ll tell you, Pierre, but you’re going to think that I’m crazy,” Jehanne says, looking down to the ground.
“Why would I think that you’re crazy?”
…“I can see angels, Pierre,” she finally says with apprehension.
“There’s nothing wrong with seeing angels, Jehanne. If anyone could see an angel, I would think that it would be you.”
“They speak to me, Pierre,” she says finally looking directly into his eyes.
“And what do they say to you?” Pierre questions, looking directly back at her.
“They tell me that I am to go to Orleans, and lead the French army to victory. Once we have taken Orleans, the Dauphin is to be crowned King of France.”
“Then I think that we had better get prepared, don’t you, Jehanne?” he says with enthusiasm.
“You believe me?” she asks, wondering if he is joking.
“Is there any reason that I shouldn’t believe you? I’ve never heard you tell a lie,” Pierre says adamantly.
“Thank you so much, Pierre!” Jehanne says with a great deal of relief. “Thank you for believing in me. I’m scared though, Pierre. I’ve gone to church and told the priest. I don’t think that he believed me. I think that he believes that he’s the only one that can have experiences like that.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll be by your side, Jehanne. I know that you don’t lie.”
Relieved, Jehanne stands up and brushes off the back of her dress. She and Pierre walk to their cottage, just as Isabelle begins to call them for the evening meal.

***

In the Security Division at the Beach House, Joshua wonders, “What does that mean ‘Dauphin’? Daniel and Treysen aren’t here. I guess I’ll ask the globe.”
Walking over to the globe, he presses several keys on the screen, and it liquefies, finally opening up into a rectangular screen.
“What would you like to know, Joshua?” the screen asks.
“In the 15th Century, in France, Jehanne is to make sure that the Dauphin is crowned King of France. What was a Dauphin in that period of time?”
“A Dauphin is the heir apparent to the throne of France. Dauphin is French for the mammal you call ‘dolphin’. Until 1791, the Coat of Arms of the Dauphin of France, displayed the French fleurs-de-lys and dolphins.”
“And remind me once again,” Joshua says, “what are fleurs-de-lys?”
“Fleur, in French, means flower. In this case, it is plural, meaning more than one. Lys, or sometimes it is spelled lis, stands for lily. Usually this is a stylized lily, used as a decorative design, or symbol.”
“Thank you very much,” Joshua states.
The screen stops talking, liquefies, and turns back into a globe.

***

Several days later, the village is buzzing with word that Jehanne talks with angels. The village priest was angry with what Jehanne had told him. He told a friend of his, who then told several of his own friends, who then told others. Finally, all of the girls in the village heard of Jehanne’s angels.
“Who does she think that she is? Only a Priest receives messages from angels.”
“She’s always so nice. It makes me sick!”
“All of the boys of the village look at her. They never look at me.”
“She always goes to the church to take flowers, and to pray every day! She never does anything mean!”
“Why does she always have a smile on her face? All of this just makes me sick! Ooooooo, she is just too sweet.”
For several months, the village girls turn their noses into the air anytime that Jehanne walks their way. Of course, their behavior is nothing new. From the time that she was a little girl her village sisters have ostracized her for one reason or another. She learned long ago, that she didn’t need their friendship. God and his angels were by her side. That is all that she needed.
Soon, bands of marauding English begin ravaging nearby villages taking several of the village girls as slaves. Now in her village, they stop by Jehanne’s cottage and yell, “We have come for your daughter, Jehanne.”
Walking out of the cottage door, Jacque says, “You will not take my daughter!”
“And who is going to stop me?” the soldier questions with a gruesome smile, his hand resting on the top of his sword as a warning.
Looking out of the cottage window, Jehanne adamantly says, “MY ANGELS.”
“What did you say?” he questions, looking in her direction.
Walking out the door and standing by her father, Jehanne repeats, “My angels will stop you!”
“You talk to angels?” he asks with apprehension, looking down from his horse at Jehanne.
Looking up to him, Jehanne says with confidence, “Yes, they have told me that you will not take me today, but that I will see you on the battlefield.”
“…You, on the battlefield?” He laughs.
Undeterred, Jehanne answers him. “That’s what my angels have told me!”
“Do you always talk to angels?”
“Actually, they talk to me. I just answer them.”
Looking at her, wondering if he should believe her or not, he begins to see a bright light surrounding her as she stands straight and tall, full of courage and strength. On each side, standing next to her, he sees an angel standing with a sword drawn.
Looking at his soldiers, he asks, “Do you see anyone standing by her side?”
“Just her father, Sir….”
The soldier is intimidated by what he sees.  Knowing that it is meant to be a warning, he says, “Come on. We don’t need a crazy girl like this. We have plenty of others from this village.”
To get his attention, Jehanne begins walking toward the soldier. Looking up directly at his face, she says as a matter-of-fact, “Once again, Sir, if you don’t want me, then you won’t want them either.”
“Why won’t I want them?”
“They talk to angels also….. Everyone in this village talks to angels.”
Looking at all of them strangely, and with a bit of fear, he gives the order. “Leave them all. This seems to be a haunted village.” Looking at the horizon, he notices that the sun is going down. “I don’t want to be here while it’s dark. We don’t have any time to take a bunch of witches anyway, they’ll only be trouble,” he says while looking at the group of girls he has already collected.
The Sun sets a little lower making it darker and instilling more fear into his heart. Trying to defuse the terror that is boiling up within his body, he yells, “Leave them. It’s time to meet the rest of our troops.”
Hitting his horse with the heels of his boots to make it gallop, his soldiers follow behind him riding as fast as they can toward the setting sun, and out of Jehanne’s village.
Out of gratitude, one village girl says, “I’ve never been so glad to be called a witch in all my life.”
“I think of witches in a different way now. Thank goodness they’re afraid of us,” another village girl says.
Laughing and giggling, all of the village girls gather around Jehanne.
“You saved all of us, Jehanne.”
“I just talked about my angels.”
“Yes, and we’ve always made fun of your angels. We believe in them now, Jehanne. Will you ever forgive us?”
“There is nothing to forgive. If I didn’t hear them, and see them myself, I would probably feel the same way that you feel.”
“From this day forward, let us all become sisters,” Jehanne’s neighbor says.
“Yes, we are all sisters now,” they chorus.
“Actually, we have always been sisters, since before the day we were born,” Jehanne added.
“You are right, Jehanne. Every human being is either our brother or sister.”
“And just think…those brothers will never come here again,” Jehanne’s neighbor states with a giggle.
All of the girls continue laughing at the joke that has been successfully played on the marauding English.
While Jehanne is laughing with her new found village sisters, in her heart she is wondering if they would still be as accepting of her, if they knew what her angels had asked her to do.
In the distance the sounds of small bells can be heard as Pierre brings the sheep home. Jehanne runs to tell him of the joke that has just been played on the English.

***

Daniel has just walked in on Joshua in the security room.
“Daniel, how does Jehanne do it?”
“What do you mean?”
“How does she live with people who do not accept her?”
“It happens to a lot of people, Joshua. You see… it is a gift from God.”
“A gift?” he questions, not willing to believe that it was any kind of gift that anyone would appreciate.
“Yes, Jehanne has become stronger because of these experiences.”
“Isn’t there any other way?”
“There is, but it would take a lot longer. You see, if you open your eyes and see your challenges as gifts, your learning process for this life will go much quicker. The harder your life is, rather than feeling sad for your situation, turn your heart toward God thanking him for what you do have….even just for the breath of life, and possibly one more day to live to become more like Him…. If you do this, you will gain strength; the strength to continue on, and to be ready for your next set of challenges.”
Putting his hand on Joshua’s shoulder, Daniel continues, “My son, if you open your heart and listen to His promptings, His love will always lead you to your correct path.”
“I hadn’t thought of it that way, Daniel. Thank you.”
“You’re welcome, Joshua. Have you, by any chance, seen Gray Wolf enter into his destination yet?”
“Not yet.”
“Then I’ll go check on our patients. Please let me know when he arrives.”
“I will, Daniel.”

***

“Pierre, my angels have told me that I need to be by the King’s side before we are at mid-Lent.”
“That doesn’t give us very much time. We had better tell your father and mother, and prepare to leave.”
Walking into the cottage, Jehanne tells her father and mother what her angels have asked her to do.
“Oh, Jehanne with all of your brothers gone, we felt that we would always have you with us.”
“I don’t want to leave you, but I have to do as I have been asked to do.”
“I will go with you, Jehanne,” her father states.
“Father, I would love to have you by my side. You have taught me everything that I need to know for battle. But, someone needs to protect mother. I’ve asked Pierre to go with me.”
“I am so glad that you have been prepared for this time in your life, Jehanne. You know the tactics of war, and you know how to defend yourself. I am very proud that Pierre will be by your side.”
“Thank you, Father and Mother. It is because of you that I am prepared.”
Isabelle puts her arms around her daughter. “Jehanne, from the day that you were born, I was told what your mission in life would be. But for some reason, I never thought that you would be leaving us. I thought that we would be going with you, to help you, and to protect you.”
“Mother, I wish that could be so. I believe that is why Pierre has been sent to us.”
“My heart tells me that what you have said is true, Jehanne. Your father and I have tried to help you to be prepared for this day. It has just come so quickly.”
Jacque adds, “Our Father in Heaven has made it possible for all of us to be prepared for this time. He knew how hard it would be for us to let you go.”
“When will you leave, Jehanne?” her mother asks with apprehension.
“In the morning…”
“…So quickly….. Why is it that all of our children leave so quickly?” Isabelle asks with tears coming to her eyes.
“I am so sorry Mother, but I have to be by our King by mid-Lent,” Jehanne says with a hint of sadness. Yet, within her heart is the knowledge that this is her mission alone, and she must go at this time.
“What can we do to help you prepare for this trip?” her father asks as he holds his wife’s hand.
“I have known about this for a couple of days and I have been getting everything that I need put together. All I need is your love, and your prayers.”
“You always have that, Jehanne,” her father says as both her mother and father hold her.
Looking over at Pierre, Isabelle extends her arm toward him, “Come here, Pierre.” He joins their circle as she begins to cry realizing that Jehanne, her youngest child will be leaving their home. Her sorrow reaches out to join a world of mothers left behind as their children leave to fulfill their own destiny, never realizing that all mothers cry when their children are gone.
“Mother, we will be fine. My angels have told me this,” Jehanne assures her.
“I guess it’s time for all of us to get some sleep, so that we will be rested for the coming day.”
Early the next day, the rooster crows and the sun begins to rise. Morning comes too quickly for everyone.
Standing outside Pierre is helping Jacque with the horse.  “I’m so sorry that we only have one horse for both of you,” Jehanne’s father apologizes. 
“It’s alright, Jacque, my father, mother, brother and I use to ride on the same horse. I’m sure that Jehanne and I can do the same.”
“I wish that it was a ‘Destrier’.”
Pierre looks at Jacque strangely.
Answering his questioning look, Jacque states, “That’s what the nobles call a stallion that has been prepared for war. But this Dapple Gray ‘Rouncey’ has been the best war horse that I have ever seen! …The point is, they are both ‘Chargers,’ but this horse was trained by me. He has served me well in every battle that I have ever fought,” Jacque says with pride, as he strokes his horse.
Jehanne walks outside and hears their conversation, “Then what horse will you use, Father?”
“I will train another horse, Jehanne. Don’t worry about me I just want you and Pierre to have the best that I can give you.”
“Then I will be proud to use a horse that you have taken into war, Father. And I will make sure that he is well taken care of,” Jehanne gratefully states as she gives her father a hug.
As Jehanne turns around to look at Pierre, he asks, “Do you want to ride in the front or the back, Jehanne?” 
“Until we get out of our village, I should ride in the back. After that, maybe we could trade places, and you could teach me how to ride a horse,” she says, looking back at her father and mother with a smile.
Jehanne’s mother and father respond back with a smile that is guarded, so that Pierre won’t see it.
“Maybe we should just bring one of your sheep. You could ride up to your King on a sheep, Jehanne.” Pierre begins to laugh.
Looking directly at him, Jehanne says, “Listen, Pierre, I remember that day.”
“It was so funny Jehanne,” Pierre says, having trouble containing his laugh.
“Just help me get up on the horse, Pierre!”
After she is sitting behind Pierre, she continues their little game. “What I remember about that day, is that you rode a sheep with your head at its rear, and it threw you off into the mud puddle,” Jehanne laughs.
“Well, I don’t remember that. I just remember how many times you were thrown off of the sheep,” he says in response.
“How could you not remember, Pierre? I remember the look on your face when the plume of beautiful smelling air hit your nose.”
Isabelle breaks in, with a strictness in her voice, “Remember you two…you are to protect each other’s back. Be respectful, and only speak with kindness to each other.”
Looking down from her place on the horse, Jehanne answers with a smile, “We’re just remembering some fond memories, Mother. Don’t worry we will be kind to each other.”
Looking at Pierre, Jehanne says, “I guess it’s time to go, Pierre.”
“See you when we return Mother and Father,” Pierre states sadly.
“Always remember that I…well, we love you both very much,” Jehanne declares as the horse begins to move, taking them on their journey.
“Good bye, Jehanne. Good bye, Pierre.” Jacque and Isabelle say in unison as their hearts break, waving and watching each step of the horse, as it takes Jehanne and Pierre further away.
Never knowing what life will be from day to day with a feeling of excitement for a new adventure; yet a feeling of sadness for those they were leaving behind, Jehanne and Pierre turn around and give a final wave of their hands, shouting “We love you! Good bye!”
Jack and Isabelle raise their arms as high as they can, waving their final good-bye as Jehanne and Pierre disappear over a ridge.
Silence accompanies their travels for quite some time….
After a while, Jehanne begins to speak. “Pierre, I think that we are far enough away that you could start teaching me how to ride this horse.”
“Alright, let me trade places with you.”
Lifting his right leg up and over his horse’s head, Pierre slides off the side of the horse as Jehanne moves forward onto the saddle. Pierre mounts the horse again, getting up behind her. Taking the reins, he says, “Now the way that you sit on a horse is very important. Make sure that your feet are in the stirrups, while you sit straight and tall in the saddle.” Leaning forward, he says, “Hold the reins this way to guide your horse, to let it know where you want it to go, and to let it know who is boss.”
Handing the reins over to Jehanne he continues his instructions, “Here, hold the reins, Jehanne, and try to guide the horse. Don’t let him walk in a straight path all the time. Try making him go to the right, and then to the left.”
After a while, Jehanne is getting the feel of how to make her horse move from side to side. “How’s that, Pierre?” she questions.
“You’re catching on, Jehanne. Now that you’ve got that down, try to make him stop by pulling back on the reins. Then let him know that you want him to begin walking forward again, by releasing the hold on the reins, and pushing in with the inner part of your knees, or a slight slam with the inside of your heels.”
Jehanne follows his instructions.  Without warning the horse raises his front hoofs up into the air. “HOLD ON PIERRE” she yells.
“AHHH…too late!” Pierre yells as he falls off the backside of the horse as it begins to gallop. “HOLD ON, JEHANNE! HOLD ONTO THE REINS AND WRAP YOUR LEGS AROUND THE STOMACH OF THE HORSE AS MUCH AS YOU CAN. JUST LIKE YOU DID WITH THE SHEEP!” he yells as he runs trying to catch up to her.
After running for miles, Pierre stops for a moment, breathing very heavily. Looking around at his surroundings he says, “Jehanne, I hope that you are alright. I told your father that I would bring you safely back to him. We’re just a half day from home and I have no idea where you are.” 
Turning around in a circle, he continues to look in every direction. “Jehanne, where are you?” He spots a huge rock and sits down thinking, “Maybe I should just rest for a while and listen to see if I can hear her at all.” After a short while, hearing only the sound of birds, and wind in his ears, he begins to worry. “I hope that she’s alright.”
Finally, hearing the whiny of a horse he turns around and sees Jehanne riding her horse with the capability of a seasoned rider. Jehanne rides up closer to Pierre. Looking down at him she circles the rock that he is sitting on to get his full attention. Then she kicks her heels into the side of the horse and it begins running as fast as it can. Eventually, she brings it to an abrupt stop, turns it around, and heads back to Pierre.
“Is that what you wanted to teach me?” Jehanne shyly questions.
“Why, yes……..you learn very fast, Jehanne,” Pierre responds, shocked at her expertise.
“HA!” A huge smile comes to her face. “Actually, after father found out from Phillip about the sheep incident, he and Phillip taught me how to ride a horse in the barn when you would take the sheep to graze. I’ve known how to ride for quite some time, Pierre.”
With a shocked expression on his face and his hands on his hips, looking up at her he asks, “Well, what took you so long to come back then?”
Pointing to the forest she says, “I’ve been over there, watching you.”
“You were watching me while I sat worrying if you were all right or not?” Pierre asks, continuing to look up at her, wondering why she would do something like that. “You worried me, Jehanne. I thought that something had happened to you! While I have been sitting on this rock, looking at the ground, I noticed several English horse shoe prints in the ground, and they are fresh, Jehanne!”
“Where did you see them?”
Walking just a few feet from the rock, Pierre squats down and points, “Here, do you see? …ENGLISH!”
“How do you know that they are English?’
“The middle of the horse shoe tells it all. The English keep the inner part of the shoe the same as the outer part. It’s high and round, just as the outside is…the French have created a V shape in the inner part of the shoe. Now look at it and tell me what mark looks the freshest to you?”
“…The English.”
“Can you see why I was worried about you? I am your protector, Jehanne. I am supposed to be by your side every moment you are away from your parents…. I promised them, Jehanne,” he says with concern.
“I know…I’m just getting you back for that whole sheep thing. Are we even Pierre?”
Looking at her thoughtfully, he finally responds, “Maybe…only time will tell,” Pierre says with a smile.
Dismounting the horse, Jehanne sits on the rock next to Pierre. Sitting quietly for a while, they notice the sun beginning to set.
“Maybe we should find a place to rest for the night, Pierre.”
“We need to find a place that is protected from marauding English soldiers.”
Looking around at their surroundings, most of the area is either flat or rolling hills. In the distance, Jehanne sees several trees. “Look over there” she says pointing with her right index finger, “I can see what looks like a forest.”
“That would be a lot better to sleep in, than out here in plain sight. Would you like to continue riding in front?”
“No, I think that I’ll turn the reins back to you. You really are a lot better at riding a horse than I am.”
Smiling, Pierre mounts their horse, and bends down extending his hand to help her up. Grabbing his hand, Jehanne throws her right leg up and over the horse sitting directly behind him. “Thank you for helping me, Pierre.”
“No, no, Jehanne,” he says with a laugh. Thank you for giving me the reins again!” As the horse begins to gallop he quips, “I feel a lot more secure now,” showing his playful nature.
“I know that you are just playing with me, Pierre, but I really do feel more secure when you take charge.”
Slightly turning his head he yells, “Do you really feel like that?”
“I do. I can take charge, I can lead and I can do my part. I have a mind of my own, which, as you know, I voice quite often. But there are times that I just feel more secure when you take over…I feel like you are my protector.”
“I’m glad to hear that, Jehanne, because that’s exactly what I am doing. Right now I’m protecting you from yourself,” he says with a huge smile.
“Pierre, I am being serious.”
Laughing, he responds, “So am I!”
Hitting him on the shoulder, Jehanne comments, “I never know when you are serious, or when you are making fun of me.”
“I’m not making fun of you Jehanne, I have too much respect for you to do that. But I am playing with you most of the time. Just know that I would never hurt you intentionally. Take my comments for the fun that they are meant to be, alright?”
“Alright, Pierre,” she agrees as her arms tighten around his waist and her head rests on his back.
Riding a short distance to the edge of the forest, they slowly enter, realizing that there are many more people who have already prepared places to spend the night.
“Who are these people?” Jehanne asks.
“My guess would be that they have been run out of their villages by the English.”
Ridding to a suitable place Pierre extends his left hand. Jehanne takes it and slides off onto the ground. Pierre then dismounts and ties the reins of their horse to a nearby tree.
As they prepare their place, a few of the people that are already settled, come over to welcome the newcomers.
“Hello. …you are new,” a woman states.
“Yes.” Jehanne answers and then asks, “…how long have you been here?”
“We’ve been here about a week.”
“…A week? Don’t you have a home?”
“We used to, but the English continue to take everything. We have no food left, and they have taken all of our animals.”
“How do you exist here?”
“There are plenty of deer in the forest. And everyone shares what they have with everyone else. In fact, I have some meat cooking right now. Would both of you like to eat with us?”
“That is very kind. Do you know of anywhere that we could get cleaned up?”
Pointing to her right, their new friend says, “Oh, yes, there is a creek just over there.”
“Thank you. And, yes,” Jehanne says while looking at Pierre, “we would love to eat with you.”
Pierre nods in agreement.
Finding the creek, Pierre suggests, “Jehanne, don’t get your dress wet, or you will be cold all night.”
“I was just thinking about that, Pierre. How am I going to get cleaned up?”
“I’ll raise my pant legs, get into the water, fill the cap I have in my pocket and bring it back to you.”
“You’ll be wet then, and there’s no time to dry off.”
“Alright, then I’ll walk on the rocks, bend down and fill my cap with water.”
“That’s a much better idea,” Jehanne says approving his plan.
Walking over the rocks, Pierre bends down to fill his cap. Standing back up, he is proud of what he has accomplished. “You see, Jehanne, it’s not hard to do.” losing his focus, his feet slip on a wet rock. Falling back into the water, Jehanne begins to laugh.
“You look just like you did when the sheep turned and threw you into the mud. Only now you are covered in water instead.”
“Well, come here and help me out, Jehanne,” he says as he extends his hand.
“Ha! I learned that trick a long time ago, Pierre. If you will remember, this whole thing happened because you didn’t want me to get wet. Now you are thinking about pulling me into the water with you?”
Unable to trick her he says, “Never mind, Jehanne I’ll climb out by myself.”
“Don’t forget the water for me, Pierre.”
Pulling his cap behind him, it fills with water. Walking up to the water’s edge, he lifts the cap up, and throws it to her face.
Shocked from the cold water, she takes a huge breath, as the water runs down her face. “Ah, that’s just as cold as the water that mother threw at us while she was helping us to get our bodies free of all that mud after we were riding the sheep.”
“I know, Jehanne. I wanted you to get the full effect of what I have just experienced.”
“Why, you little stinker!” she says as she pushes him back into the water.
Flinging his arms backward while desperately trying to regain his balance, Pierre falls back into the water. Struggling to get his footing on the slippery rocks, he grabs a low hanging branch pulling him up high enough to grab a breath of fresh air as he says, “I sure hope that there is a huge, warm fire burning somewhere. We both need to get dry.”
Watching him maneuver his way out of the water and hearing his declaration, Jehanne begins to laugh. Eventually both of them are laughing while they try to wring the excess water out of their clothes.
Walking up to the fire, their new friends comment, “It looks like both of you took advantage of the water. Do you feel like you are cleaned up enough for dinner?”
Pierre answers, “I’m hungry, but right now, if you don’t mind, I’d like to stand by your fire and dry my clothes.”
“Actually, we do double duty around here.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean that while you stand by the fire, take this piece of meat and eat it.”
“You don’t mind?”
“Of course not, we do what we need to do to survive, my new friend.”
“Thank you.”
Looking at Jehanne, the woman asked, “What about you? Why don’t you stand by your husband and get dry, so that the dirt won’t become mud on your wet dress.”
“Thank you, but he’s not my husband. He’s my brother.”
“Oh…I’m sorry. I got a different impression as I heard you playing in the water. Where are you headed?”
“We travel to Vancouleurs.”
“Are you accompanying your brother to the wars?”
“…In a way.”
Looking up at her, for a moment, the woman asks, “Did you know that there is a legend of a girl who will save France?”
“I have heard of that legend,” Jehanne softly acknowledges.
“I can feel something when I look into your eyes. Are you that girl?”
Jehanne lowers her eyes, “Only the Lord knows things like that.”
“If you are, know that we pray for freedom from the English every day.”
Looking at them directly, Jehanne states humbly, “Know that your prayers have been answered.”
Fearing for her safety, Pierre states, “I think that it’s time that we get some sleep Jehanne.”
“Thank you for your food and for your conversation my new friends.”
“What can we do to help you, Jehanne?”
“Keep this to yourselves until you hear how the wars go. Then tell every French man to have courage. And tell every Englishman that their time is short.”
“We will, Jehanne, may God be by your side.”
“Thank you. He is.”
In the morning a cool wind blows through the branches of the trees, as the crackling sound of cooking fires burn and the smell of breakfast floats through the air.
Word has spread throughout the camp about Jehanne. As Pierre gets their horse ready to leave, all of the people staying in the forest come to introduce themselves and with renewed courage about the future of their country they thank Jehanne and Pierre for their courage and willingness to fight against the English.  “We will keep both of you in our prayers.”
“Thank you for your thoughtfulness.  Keep all of the French soldiers in your prayers.  Pray that they will have the courage and strength to push the English back to their own land.”
Getting on their horse, Jehanne turns to speak to them directly. “Thank you for your kindness. Have courage! Allow all men the freedom that they were given from God from the very day that they were born, and demand that same freedom for yourselves! Try to live your lives in peace, but if you have to defend your life, your home, your family, your land or your country from enemy forces, fight to the death for these things. No one has the right to take them away from you! Until we meet again, may God be with all of you.”
As Jehanne and Pierre leave, all of their new found friends watch them as they ride to fulfill their destiny.  A short distance away, they both turn around and are amazed that their new friends are still watching them. Stopping for a moment, they wave and shout, “Good bye friends. May God be with you, till we meet again….”
With that said, they turn in the direction of Vancouleurs, and gallop to their next place in history.
A few days later, they arrive in Vancouleurs, France, where they meet Jean de Metz as planned. Following him to his home he says, “Let’s get both of you cleaned up.” After a quick bath, they meet in the dining room where there is a meal ready for them to eat. Because of the privacy of his home, Jehanne tells Jean what her angels have asked her to do. Believing her, he arranges for clothes, armor and haircuts.
“I have to have my hair cut?” Jehanne questions, “My beautiful long black hair?”
“Jehanne, your hair is past your waist. If you are going to be in battle your long hair will be a disadvantage. It needs to be cut so that it barely hits your shoulders. This way your hair will be short enough for battle, but it will be long enough so that the heat from your coif and from your helmet will not burn your ears, face and back of your neck.”
“You know what is best. By the way, what is a coif?”
“It’s chain mail that goes under your helmet, on your head and over your shoulders.”
“Is that what you are wearing?”
“It is.”
“I’ve seen it often, but I’ve never known the name.”
“Now you know what to call it. While you are getting your hair cut, I’ll get you some clothes also.”
“Make sure that they are men’s clothes! I need to look somewhat like a man so that the soldiers will have their minds on the battle, and not on me.”
“What are you going to do with the dress that you are wearing now?”
“When I change my clothes, we can give it to someone that can use it, Jean.”
“That’s a great idea, Jehanne.” Looking at Pierre, Jean asks, “What do you want to do with your hair, Pierre?”
“Since it’s as long as Jehanne’s maybe it’s time to have my hair cut also, don’t you think?”
“Good choice Pierre. I’ve seen very few men with hair as long as yours,” Jean comments with a smile. “Come with me. I will have the gentleman who cuts my hair take care of both of you.
Walking over to a man who is cutting the wool off of his sheep, he asks “Albert, would you mind helping my two new friends? They both need their hair cut.”
“Yes Sir.”
“Please cut their hair the same length as mine.”
“Yes Sir.”
“Jehanne, would you like to go first?”
“I think that I will watch Pierre get his cut first. I’m having a hard time getting use to the fact that I actually have to have my hair cut. Since I was a little girl, I’ve always had my hair this long.”
“…Girl? Did you say girl?” Albert questions.
“Yes, Albert. Jehanne is a girl. Did you miss her dress?”
“But Sir, I’ve never cut a girl’s hair before.”
“There’s always a first time for everything, Albert. Just make sure that you do a good job.”
“Yes Sir, but I don’t know if I should be doing this. I’ll cut the gentleman’s hair. But you know what the rules are for the length of a woman’s hair. You never know… the next thing she might do, is to wear men’s clothing.”
“Don’t worry, Albert. Everything will be fine. I will take responsibility for everything.”
“Yes Sir.”
Finally, with their hair cut they walk back to Jean’s house.
Looking at them Jean mentions to Pierre, “I noticed that he didn’t cut your hair as short as he did Jehanne’s, you may want to pull it back and secure it with a string of leather so that it won’t fall into your face and hinder your vision when you are in battle.”
“I can see where that would be a great benefit, Jean.  Thank you for your suggestion.”
“I just want to make sure that both of you will be coming back….” Looking into the next room he says, “Come with me. While you were gone I got you some clothes so that you could look your part.” He hands Pierre a gray wool woven doublet, a white linen shirt, breeches, gray hose and a navy blue tunic, along with soft black leather boots that extend above his knees.
Jean hands Jehanne a white linen shirt and breeches, black hose that attach to a black woolen doublet, by twelve long leather laces. The doublet, which ends at her mid-thigh, has a high collar and full sleeves that taper down to fit tight at the cuff, and narrow at her waist. Over her doublet, she wears a heavy gray tunic; on her feet, high soft leather boots. For each heel of her boots, she is given short spurs to wear.
On a nearby table are soft, black woolen hats. Draped over the back of two chairs, are hung two heavy hooded capes. Next to them is their armor.
“This armor is exquisite, Jean,” Pierre states, as he places his hand on the shoulder of the breast plate.
“How do you know that that set is for you, Pierre?” Jean questions.
“It isn’t hard to guess, Jean. The white armor is a lot smaller than this silver armor. I knew in an instant, because of its size and color, that the other set would be for Jehanne,” Pierre states with a smile, knowing that Jean was joking with him.
Jehanne enjoys the play that is going on between them.
Walking out of Jean’s home, two horses, both ‘Chargers,’ along with their high back saddles, have been placed next to the horse that Jehanne and Pierre rode on to Vancouleurs.
“I picked these prize horses for both of you,” Jean says with pride. “They come from my own barn.”
Walking up to the horses, Pierre and Jehanne look at the magnificent girth and strong legs of their new horses. Pierre looks over to Jehanne. “This reminds me of the horse that my family had, Jehanne.”
“They are both wonderful animals, Jean. Thank you for your thoughtfulness, but I will keep the horse that my father has ridden into battle,” Jehanne boldly states.
“If that is what you wish Jehanne,” Jean replies.
“Thank you, Jean. If you don’t mind, so that I can make sure that Jehanne is taken care of, I will keep this one. I will take care of it just as if it were my own,” Pierre promises.
“It is my honor, Pierre. I would be proud for you to ride him into battle. He has been trained by the finest horse trainers in this country, and has been in our family for the last three years.” Looking back at Jehanne, Jean says, “I hope that you like the color of your armor, Jehanne, I felt that white would be appropriate for your mission.”
“Your choice is perfect, Jean.”
Jean’s servant walks over to him, and hands him two swords. Turning around to Pierre and Jehanne he says, “Here are two swords, made of the finest steel.”
Pierre reaches out and takes one sword, admiring its workmanship. “This is the finest sword that I have ever seen.”
“Would you like this one, Jehanne?” Jean asks as he hands her the second sword.
“It is beautiful, Jean. But God has all ready chosen a sword for me.”
“Where is it?” Jean questions.
“It’s in the Chapel of Ste. Catherine-de-Fierbois, behind the front alter. This wonderful sword has been buried under the dirt for hundreds of years. We must go within the next few days to retrieve it. But before we leave, I need to ask one more favor of you.”
“Whatever you need, I would be glad to get it for you, Jehanne.”
“Do you think that a Standard could also be made for me to carry?”
“…Of course. Do you have a specific design in mind?”
“Yes, because the Lord has asked me to do this I want the people to know that anyone that fights by my side fights for the Lord.  We represent Him and what he wants for all of his children. To show that loyalty, I would like it made from white canvas, with a picture of the Lord sitting down, holding a world. On either side of him, I would like two angels, Archangel Saint Gabriel, and Saint Michael, representing Justice and Mercy. Close to the pole, where the standard is attached, I would like the motto, “Jesus Maria,” and on the end of the standard, Fleurs de Lys. The whole standard, on its pole, needs to be three feet high, and twelve feet long. ”
“It sounds wonderful. I know the best Standard makers; I’ll have them work on it tonight.”
“Thank you, Jean. You have been so kind to both of us.”
Walking back into Jean’s house, Pierre and Jeanne take time to change into their new clothes. By the time they are dressed, a meal has been prepared for them to eat. Throughout the evening, Jehanne and Pierre talk with Jean about the condition in which they find their country.
“The English take what they want…our food, our animals, the comforts that we have in our homes. They dishonor our women, and take our children as slaves,” Jean declares.
“We saw people living in a forest, within two days ride of here. They were saying the same thing,” Pierre comments.
“The taxes seem to be getting higher and higher every year, and our French nobles don’t do anything about it,” Jean complains.
“That’s because they are part of it,” Jehanne states.
“Jehanne, you must be wrong. Our Nobles would never betray us like that!” Jean states with confidence.
“Open your eyes, Jean,” she says as she holds a cup of hot tea in her right hand. “There is no reason that you should trust these people. Because they are of noble birth, they are supposed to look after their people, yet, the only thing that they look after is their own wants, desires and greed!”
“You speak very forcefully, Jehanne.”
“Yes, I normally do when I know the truth!”
“How do you know that it is true?”
Sweeping her left hand in a half circle, Jehanne continues, “Look around you, Jean. Listen. The very condition of our country tells you it is so.”
“Your words ring true, Jehanne. But I can’t believe that our nobles want this country to fail.”
“Oh, they don’t want it to fail. They aren’t looking that far ahead. They only look at what they need right now, never realizing…or possibly even caring, because they have been told that they would be given land, castles, and all the money that they will need for themselves and for their children, as soon as this war is over, never realizing that the whole plan is to keep this war going forever.  Of course some get a pittance here and there so that they won’t get discouraged.”
“Is that why Lombard moved into a new castle recently?”
“Where did he get his money, Jean?”
“You know, I don’t know where his money comes from.”
“Then I will say that your taxes probably helped pay for his new castle. You know they give them money to keep their loyalty.”
“If that is really what is going on, we had better get you ready so that this war is over sooner than later, I’m tired of paying these high taxes and having our land taken from our people.” Jean declares.
Walking them to the rooms where they will rest, Jean states, “Pierre here is your room.”
“Jehanne and I will sleep in separate beds, but in the same room. I am her protector,” Pierre forcefully voices.
“Very well, if you will help me, Pierre, we will bring another bed into this room.
“Thank you, Jean.”
As the morning church bells ring, Jehanne and Pierre begin their long journey. After traveling for many days, they have finally arrived at the Chapel of Ste. Catherine-de-Fierbois. Walking through the doors and up behind the alter Jehanne begins digging with her hands until she can feel the cold steel of a sword.
Lifting it up out of the dirt, she explains, “It’s perfect! Thank you so much,” she says as she looks toward Heaven. Walking out to Pierre, she says with a smile, “Here it is. It’s a little dirty, but it’s beautiful. We’ll have to clean it up.” Looking at it, as though she was looking right through it, Jehanne asks Pierre, “Do you know who this sword belonged to Pierre?”
“No, but I can feel a strength emanating from it.”
“That’s because it used to belong to a very important man.”
“Who did it belong to, Jehanne?”
“Charles Martel.” Seeing his blank stare she adds, “He saved France from the Saracens. You know, the Muslims! He was the grandfather of Charlemagne.” Holding her hands out to the side, she continues looking at Pierre in an attitude of don’t you understand?
Pierre finally says, “Jehanne, you forget I don’t come from here.”
Taking a breath, it finally dawns on her, “I’m sorry.” And to make amends she continues to explain. “Charles Martel. He is a famous general who secured the fate of Christian Europe in the battle of Tours against the Muslims.”
“You see, the Muslims came up from Africa to war with Spain. They made alliances with Spanish nobles, telling them that they would leave as soon as the war was over. Because they were such great warriors, the Muslims and Spanish nobles, who were warring with the Spanish Emperor, took over Spain. After the war was over, the Muslims never did leave Spain. All of the people they had conquered, including the Spanish nobles with whom they had made alliances had to convert to Islam, or pay heavy taxes, and assume a second class status.”
“From Spain, the Muslims decided that they would take over all of Europe. They crossed the Pyrenees mountain range into France, where they came up against Charles Martel and his great army. He was a Frank. Do you know what Frank stands for in the Frankish language, Pierre?”
“No, I don’t.”
“It means ‘fierce or free’… and it was the fierce, free Charles Martel who controlled that area of Europe. His people were loyal to him because he wanted freedom for every individual living under his rule.”

***

Treysen and Daniel are back in the control room.
“Daniel. Who are the Franks?” Treysen asks.
“Following the fall of Troy, 12,000 Trojans, led by Chiefs Priam and Antenor, escaped and finally founded a new Troy on the banks of the Rhine by the name of “Sicambria”. (On the right bank where the Rhine comes out of Germany and enters what is now called the Netherlands.) “They took their name from King Francio, just like Rome was named after Romulus.”
“They really descended from the people of Troy?”
“Yes. Later, after taking on the name of Franks, they became a confederation of tribes. Some of these tribes joined the Roman troops in Gaul. When Rome fell, the Frankish tribes were united under the Merovingians (a Frankish dynasty) and conquered all but a small part of Gaul, in the 6th Century. Thereafter, Gaul became known as France, named after the Franks.”
“Wow. With a Frankish history like that, no wonder Charles Martel is such a great soldier. He grew up knowing how to fight.”
“Yes. He was surrounded with this knowledge even before he was born. He also grew up knowing the importance of freedom and the cost one had to pay to obtain it and to continue to keep it.”

***

Jehanne asks Pierre “Would you like something to eat while I tell you this story?”
“That would be wonderful. I love to eat while I hear your stories,” Pierre says raising his arms up and clasping them behind his head, as he leans back, relaxing, with a broad smile on his face.
Knowing that he is playing with her, Jehanne throws a piece of meat toward him. Quickly unclasping his hands, he catches the meat, and begins to eat.
“Anyway, as I was saying,” Jehanne begins again with a smile, “the Muslims had taken Spain. And the next thing they wanted was France. But they knew nothing of Charles Martel. They didn’t realize that he had a standing army of full time soldiers prepared and waiting for them. They didn’t know what a great general he was. In fact, Pierre, everything that father has been teaching us comes from the tactics that Charles Martel and his grandson Charlemagne used in their battles.”
Holding her meat with her left hand she points her right index finger at Pierre, “You see, both of these men made swift and unexpected movements when they moved their troops; they would move faster than their enemies thought that they could. And they never did what their enemies thought that they would do.”
In her excitement, Jehanne continues, “Charles fought the Muslims, the Saxons, and many others. It was only because they were afraid of him, that the Vikings didn’t come against him.”
Putting her meat down, she wipes her hands, grabs her Sword and stands up raising it as high as she can in her right hand, while proclaiming with pride, “The Lord has given me Charles Martel’s sword. The sword that saved France and our Christian faith from the Muslims and the Muslim faith, will now save France from the tyrannical English!”
Looking at Jehanne, Pierre smiles, “Well if you are going to save France from the English, we had better get a good night’s sleep; we need to leave at first light. Would you like me to put your sword up?”
“No, I’m going to sleep with it,” Jehanne comments, and proudly lays it by her side as she closes her eyes.



Chapter 5


The chirping of the birds in the nearby trees, announce the beginning of another day, as Jehanne and Pierre saddle their horses in preparation for their journey to Orleans. Two days later they arrive at their destination.
On the day of her first battle, as Jehanne walks out of their tent, she asks, “Do I look all right, Pierre? All of this armor makes me feel differently.”
“What a transformation Jehanne. You look like an official commander!”
Looking at Pierre, in all his armor, she says, “Turn around.”
“Why do you want me to turn around?” he questions.
“I just want to see what you look like in your armor, Pierre.”
Pierre slowly turns around.
“Well, my brother, you don’t look so bad yourself,” Jehanne declares, along with a nod and an approving smile.
Grabbing her standard, Jehanne and Pierre ride over to the French Nobles to find out how the battle is going.
Finding the French Nobles on a hill overlooking the battle site, Jehanne asks them, “Why are you not with your men, leading them?”
“It’s our job to tell them what to do, and then they fight while we watch safe from harm.”
Getting off of her horse, and walking over to them, she asks, “How can you tell what to do, if you are not with your men on the front lines? You see things differently when you are on the front lines, rather than here on your perch, far from all the fighting.”
“We see what we need to see.”
“You mean that you are safe, so you don’t care what happens to your soldiers.”
“Who do you think that you are to talk to us this way? Don’t you know your place?”
“My place?” she questions with indignation. Glaring directly at them with her green eyes full of anger, she speaks with courage, “I have come here to help France become a united country; it is only through me that this will happen! …My place? My place is to fight shoulder to shoulder with my brothers, and to die on that battlefield if necessary. I am a daughter of God, and a Patriot of France, willing to give my life for freedom. What is your place?”
“Because we are of royal birth our place is to stand here out of danger. What would our soldiers do if we were killed?”
Jehanne’s mind is full of many things that she would like to say to them, but chooses to voice those thoughts another day. Before she lets her anger and disgust be known, she turns around, and with a long determined stride, walks away.
One French noble turns to the other noble and quietly asks, “Is she crazy?”
“I don’t know…what I did notice is that she is common, and she is also a woman.”
“How do you know that she is common?”
“Look at her horse.”
“No noble would be caught dead on a horse like that. And what woman knows the tactics of war, and is able to lead men?”
“Are you sure she is a woman? She dresses like a man! And her hair is short. It only goes to her shoulders.”
Over on the ridge, standing next to Pierre, Jehanne watches as the soldiers in battle continue to fall. Knowing that the nobles will do nothing, Jehanne grabs her standard “I can’t stand this any longer!” She gets up on her horse and begins riding toward the battle. Pierre quickly mounts his horse, catches up with her and rides by her side to the front lines.
Jehanne begins to encourage the French soldiers on the field to complete their task. “FIGHT ON MY BROTHERS,” she yells, “FIGHT ON. I AM HERE BY YOUR SIDE. WE WILL DRIVE THE ENGLISH FROM FRANCE!”
Surprised that they are actually receiving some direction out in the field during the middle of battle, their spirits become brighter, and their resolve to win becomes stronger. With each stroke of their sword the words of Jehanne continue to echo in their minds, “We will drive the English from France! We will drive the English from France!”
The English sense a difference in the soldiers they are fighting. The strength of the blows they feel from their swords, as they climb the ladders and enter the city of Orleans, become stronger and stronger. As the French soldiers begin to show their determination, the English feel intimated. Soon the city falls to the French, and the English quickly retreat.
After winning this first battle for Orleans, Jehanne dismounts her horse and grasps Pierre’s hand saying, “You fought very well today.”
“As did you Jehanne, you are a great warrior.”
Jehanne asks, “Would you take my horse Pierre? I want to walk among our brothers who lay dead on the battlefield.”
“Yes, I’ll care for the horses, then I will meet you, as soon as I can,” Pierre answers.
As Jehanne walks among her fallen comrades, a feeling of compassion, pain, and rage fills her heart. Anguish overtakes her, as she views the carnage that lies on the ground around her. Jehanne falls to her knees, bending over with her face in her hands and begins to cry.
Other French soldiers, picking up their dead watch Jehanne, and listen to her cry. “She’s a woman. They always cry,” one soldier observes.
The other soldier adds… “Watch, she won’t be able to lead us in our next battle. She probably won’t even show up.”
Hearing the soldiers’ comments, Jehanne looks directly at them and responds, “Crying is a human emotion. It is something that one does when they care for someone. I care for these brothers, and for the lives that they led. I am crying over them, for what their families have lost, and for what France has lost. Crying does not mean that I am weak, for in our next battle I will have the strength that I need to win. Will you be ready for a decisive victory?”
“Yes,” they both answer, shocked and embarrassed that she had heard them.
“Good. We will move to our next battle and I will meet you on the battlefield.” Continuing her walk across the field of the dead, the pain can clearly be seen on her face, as the tears continue to flow.
Pierre walks up to her side. “I’m here, Jehanne.”
“Pierre, I have never seen anything so unorganized in all my life. Most of my brothers died here because they had no direction. There was no one leading them. No wonder the English have been winning all the wars!”
Once again kneeling down by a fallen soldier, she touches his lifeless shoulder, “As long as I am here, this will never happen again. I want you to know that your life will not have been lost in vain. We will drive the English out of France!”
Standing up with strength and resolve, Jehanne wipes the tears from her eyes, “Pierre, let’s get this organized. Remember what father taught us? Deceive the enemy! That way they won’t be able to organize an effective offensive.”
“I remember what he said, Jehanne. And I remember all those war games that we used to play in front of the fire. I never could figure out what you were going to do.”
“As I remember, Pierre, you caught on quite quickly. There were several times that your army actually won.”
Smiling at each other, they walk toward the encampment.
“We make a good team, Jehanne.”
Confidently, Jehanne responds, “Yes, we do. The English will never know what hit them!”
After arriving back at the encampment, Jehanne asks, “Soldier, where is your captain?”
“Do we have captains?” he asks, as he looks at the other soldiers around him.
Waiting for an answer, Jehanne looks at the same group and finally asks, “Who leads you while you are on the battlefield?”
Finally one soldier replies, “I don’t remember anyone giving us clear directions until you came onto the field today.”
Looking at Pierre with confusion and anger, Jehanne turns and begins walking to the War Council tent. Finding the Nobles sitting around, doing nothing, she asks, “What is the strategy for tomorrow?”
“Since we won today, we move to our next location and battle again.”
“I know that, but do you have a strategy? What is the purpose of going from battle to battle?”
“To get the English out of France….”
“That’s plain and simple gentlemen, but how are you going to accomplish that task? When we get to our new battle tomorrow, how will you set up our soldiers?”
One noble continues to sit as he answers, “We would tell you what is planned for tomorrow, but you are a woman. You wouldn’t understand what tactics are needed to fight in a war.”
“Why don’t you try to explain it to me?” she challenges them.
Slowly moving up to the war table, the noble says, “Well, basically our army will stand here, and as soon as the English are ready, their army will stand there.”
“And then what happens?” she questions.
“Then we fight each other.”
“So, the point of this battle is what?”
“Look,” he says with hatred at the mere fact that he was being questioned, and specifically by a woman, “we have been fighting the English for Orleans for the last eight months. We’ve tried everything that we know of, and they continue to win the battles.”
Knowing that the French Nobles have had enough of her questions, and feeling the hatred from his words, Jehanne backs away, not out of fear, but not willing to rock the boat just yet. “Thank you for your information. I will see you in the morning.” Looking at Pierre she questions, “Are you ready to go, Pierre?”
“More than ready!” he states in an angry tone.
The morning sun has a new purpose in Jehanne’s eyes, as everyone moves to their next battle. Taking all of the castles that the English have set up in Orleans will, according to the French, take a long time.
Traveling most of the day, the army finally stops within sight of another English castle. Warning bells can be heard coming from several chapels throughout the valley, as the English residents run from their homes to the castle for safety.
After the camp is set up, Jehanne goes to the French nobles that she talked with the day before.
“So we are here for another battle. Would you mind telling me what you have planned?” she asks.
“As we told you the other day, you are a woman. You won’t understand what we have to say.”
“…Really? I think that we speak the same language. Why wouldn’t I understand you?”
“Your brain doesn’t work the same that a man’s does.”
“All I can say is thank goodness for that!” Behind her, Pierre is having a hard time keeping a straight face. “Have you sent scouts to see what the terrain is like? Do you know the English weakness in this area? Where do they get their supplies from?”
Surprised at her questions, the nobles reply looking at Pierre, “My, my, our little princess seems to be getting some coaching. Pierre, have you told her the questions that she needs to ask?”
Anger in Pierre’s eyes spark as he says, “You had better hope that we never meet on the battlefield,” leaning forward toward the noble, with his hand on his sword.
Seeing the eyes of the nobles widen in fear, Jehanne quickly says, “Thank you, gentlemen. What time do you start your battles?”
“Whenever the English are ready,” they say, keeping a steady eye on Pierre.
Walking out of the tent, the expression on the faces of Jehanne and Pierre is one of anger and determination. Their stride is forceful, planting their heels firmly into the dirt, all the while surveying the terrain and forming battle plans in their minds.  Finding a group of soldiers, Jehanne commands, “Soldier, gather your men on the outskirts of the camp.”
“When do you want us there?”
“Now…. Get everyone there, now…quietly, please.”
“We’ll be there.”
Gathering on the outskirts of their camp, Jehanne begins speaking. “The other day in our last battle, I made a promise to a dead brother. I promised him that his death would not be in vain, that the battles from this day forward would be organized to win; not just to fight, but to win…. By the raise of hands, who is with me?”
With renewed hope and courage, every soldier raises his hand.
“All right, we need captains. I will divide you into groups. Each group is to elect their own Captain.” With her groups divided, they choose their captains, as Jehanne and Pierre talk together about what they saw as they surveyed the terrain for this upcoming battle.
Now, with their Captains chosen, Jehanne begins to teach them what her father taught her. “The main objective of any battle is to deceive the enemy. Tomorrow, Pierre and I will go out onto the battlefield, riding up the center with our group of soldiers. When the battle starts, and the English begin to ride toward us, French archers, hidden on the right and left wing of the battlefield, will shoot their arrows into the English troops, until they are close enough to us to begin the battle. At that time, also hidden from the English behind the tree line on the forest edge, French troops positioned behind the archers, will enter the battlefield and confront the English on each side. In that way, we will be fighting them from three different directions.”
“Behind us there will be additional troops following up the center and from both wings. They are to attack when they feel that they are needed. If by that time the whole English army is out on the field, these additional troops will then surround the English and attack from behind. We will then ask for their surrender.”
“That’s pretty good planning. Are you sure that you are a woman?’ the Captains ask.
Smiling, she responds, “Yes, I am very sure. And remember, God has asked me to do this. The plan comes from him! Now, what Captain, along with their soldiers, will take what part of this plan?”
“I’ll take charge of the right wing.”
“I’ll take the left wing.”
“Who will be our backup forces?” she asks.
“I’ll take the backup, right wing.”
“I’ll take the backup, left wing.”
“And our archers….”
“We will be prepared to shoot before you enter the battlefield.”
“Do any of you have any questions?”
“No, Jehanne. We will be ready, and in our positions, when you are on the battlefield.”
“There might be one change in our plan. If the English are not ready to fight when we are, we will not wait for them to finish their preparations. We will begin the attack when we are ready. If that happens, I want the archers to send their arrows into the English camp. Move your troops up the wings, swiftly and quietly, closer toward their camp, but still hidden on each side. Are there any questions with that possible change?”
“No. Everything is clear,” the Captains reply.
With a new surge of pride and determination, all of the French soldiers are anxious for the next day of fighting.
As the sun’s rays begin to fill the morning sky, Pierre finds Jehanne up, and preparing for battle.
“Are you ready to ride to battle Pierre?” she asks, with a great deal of energy.
“I am ready to fight by your side, Jehanne.”
Riding to the hill overlooking the battlefield they hear the French noblemen, looking from their safe perch, making fun of Jehanne.
“Where are your soldiers, Jehanne?”
“Yes,” the second noble, laughing under his breath says. “Don’t the men want to follow a woman?”
“Only time will tell,” she says as a matter-of-fact. Looking down at the battlefield, she asks, “Why is that man sitting on his horse out in the middle of the battlefield?”
“He’s waiting for us to come to talk to him. Before each battle, the nobles from each side meet on the battlefield to see if there is any way to settle our differences before the battle begins. Basically it’s a time for intimidation, trying to get into the mind of our opponent.”
“Does this happen every day?”
“Yes. Every day, in the middle of the battlefield, leaders from both sides of the battle meet to see if they can get the other side to give up before the battle begins.”
“Where are his soldiers?”
“They’re still getting ready. We always have to wait on the English to start our battles.”
“How long shall we let him wait?” she asks the same noble.
“I don’t think that there’s any hurry. We’re going to lose this battle anyway. The English always have the stronger army.”
“Why would you say that? We did quite well yesterday.”
“Yes. We finally won a battle! But the war will be won by the English.”
“Mark my words. Within a few days the English will retreat from Orleans,” Jehanne confidently states.
“You are a woman. How are you going to push the powerful English out of Orleans?”
Looking with disgust at the French nobles, she says with determination, “Castle by castle.” Holding tight to her standard, she looks back at the small group of soldiers that are with her, “wait here while Pierre and I go and talk with this man. I’ll raise my standard when it is time for you to come to the field.”
“We’ll watch for your signal.”
She rides onto the field with Pierre at her side, to speak to the English noble who has been waiting in the middle of the battlefield. As they ride up to him, he looks at them with contempt. Wondering who he should speak with, he finally makes his decision by the looks of their horses. Since Pierre is on a stallion the Englishman begins to speak to him, while dismissing Jehanne. “We will let you, and your soldiers go to your homes in safety, if they give their allegiance to England.”
Pierre declares, “There is not one Frenchman who will fight on this battlefield today that would swear allegiance to England.”
“Then your soldiers will die today. Do you want to be held to account for that?”
“It’s a matter-of-fact that death comes on the battlefield. Since I feel that we have the superior army, I would worry about the death of your soldiers, English nobleman, more than I would about ours.”
“It is a proven fact that the English have the superior army.”
“Why do you feel that you have the superior army, because you have made a deal with the French to win each battle? You may have won them in the past, but today is a new day. Today Jehanne is their commander, and your soldiers will lose.”
“Who is Jehanne?”
Pointing to Jehanne, Pierre declares, “SHE IS.”
Surprised, the English nobleman looks in her direction and states, “He said ‘she’…. Are you a girl?”
“Yes.” She retorts with a slight smile touching the corners of her mouth.
“Are you of noble blood?” he asks.
“Every person on this earth is of noble birth. We are all children of one God.”
“Who do you think you are that you can enter this battlefield?” he questions.
“God has asked me to do this. I am to lead my French brothers to victory.”
“What is your name again?”
“My name is Jehanne d’Arc.”
“Are you and your French brothers ready?”
“We are.”
“I’ve never fought a woman before. Won’t you be afraid?”
“Fear is but a part of life. It is a feeling that the brave hold close to their hearts as they go into battle.”
“Shall our soldiers meet on the battlefield then?” he asks.
“Why do you send your soldiers and not yourself?” Jehanne continues to question.
“It’s not my job to fight.”
“Tell me this… do you give your soldiers part of what is won when the war is over?”
“Certainly not,” he answers with indignation.
“So you allow your soldiers to give up their lives so that you can gain land and riches, all the while you watch your soldiers from a hill, safe from battle or any type of harm.”
“That’s their job!”
“Who decided these rules?” she asks in disbelief.
“That’s just the way that it is.”
“I would really like to know who the first person was that decided who would fight, and who would not.”
“I really don’t know. My father, and his father before him, all had soldiers that fought for them. It is the way of life.”
“It might be your way of life, but I was always taught that the brave are the ones that fight for what is rightfully theirs. They fight for the right to own land, and to build a home for their family. They fight for the right to freely speak, and to write the dictates of their heart. And they fight for the right to live in a free country, where they can determine their own path in life. Those who do not fight, and do not put themselves at the front of the battle are weak, and deserve what they get. For God will hold them accountable.”
“I’ve never heard such things said,” the English nobleman states.
“You have either never heard them…or you have turned a deaf ear to protect your back side…. Whatever it is you have heard them now.”
“How dare you talk to me like that….”
“HOW DARE YOU SEND IN OTHERS TO FIGHT YOUR BATTLES!” Jehanne says with a great deal of courage.
Frustrated, he says in a defeated tone, “I have had enough.”
Moving her horse closer to his, she says, “Really? Actually I have only begun. But if you don’t want to stay here and talk, you can turn tail, ride back and watch your men being killed from the safety your hill.”
“They get paid for their fighting.”
“Oh, and what good is money when you are dead? And what if they are injured in battle?”
“They are no longer of any use to me.”
“Are they taken care of?”
“That’s a good question…. I really don’t know. All I know is that if they can no longer fight, then I don’t have to pay them.”
“And, if by chance, YOU are wounded by a stray arrow, are you taken care of?”
“Of course, I am noble. I have my own doctor close by.”
“So you are worth everything, and your soldiers are worth nothing?”
“I don’t know what you mean?”
“You probably don’t even know the names of your soldiers do you?”
“Of course not…. Why should I get to know them, they are just going to die. Besides, nobles don’t mingle with lower classes. They are put on earth for our use.”
“…FOR YOUR USE? If you didn’t have the lower classes, as you put it, you wouldn’t have soldiers to fight the battles that YOU create. You wouldn’t have peasants to pay, what you call ‘taxes’. It’s more of an allowance that is paid to you, as you have no other way to make a living. You see, you are the helpless one. You make others feel that they need you, but in reality, you need what you call the lower class so that you can continually take from them….Money and lives, money, greed, power and lives!”
Jehanne continues, “Just imagine, if there weren’t any lower classes, you might have to fight your own battles. You might even have to work. You see, while you call others a lower class…you are actually lower than the snakes of the field. You have to feel like you have power over other people, to feel powerful yourself. Without power over someone else, you feel powerless. That is why you will lose this war. Your soldiers have a spineless leader. They know that you don’t care about them…that you put yourself above them. Sooner or later they will turn their back on you, as you have done to them by your very attitude.”
“You are a woman. What do you know?”
“I know that all men are equal. That we are born free and that you will pay for your snobbery.”
“What a bunch of rubbish. We are all born into a certain class, and we are to act our parts.”
Not letting him have the last word, Jehanne continues, “You take the easy way out. God gives each of us challenges to see if our heart will lead us back to him. Our life is ours to make of it what we will.”
“I am tired of talking to you.” the English noble states. “You make no sense. Let’s get this battle over with. Are you ready?”
With her mouth clinched, and her eyes full of fury, she firmly declares, “I was born for this battle!” Beginning to ride away, she suddenly stops. Turning around she yells, as she begins to ride back to him, “I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT WHEN YOU FIGHT MY SOLDIERS, YOU COME AGAINST GOD! AFTER ALL THE YEARS OF ENGLISH VICTORIES, IT IS NOW TIME FOR THE FRENCH TO BE VICTORIOUS. THE ENGLISH WILL PAY FOR ALL THE ATTROCITIES THAT THEY HAVE COMMITTED AGAINST MY FRENCH FAMILY. SOON I WILL LEAD THE DAUPHIN TO HIS CROWN.”
By this time Jehanne is once again close to the English noble as he answers her passionate declaration, “I guess we’ll see if what you say is true. Since you are new to this game I would like to remind you that the English always win the war. My soldiers are better trained and equipped than your soldiers are, and our country is superior to yours.”
“Your words offend me, and it shows ignorance as to who God is and what he wants for ALL of his children.” With great confidence, sitting high in her saddle and looking straight into the noble’s eyes, Jehanne continues, “I have no other mission than to be victorious. After we win this battle, I will ask for your sword!”
Frustrated and livid that a woman, and even worse, a common woman, would speak to him in that manner, in angry silence the English noble rides back to where his army is still preparing for the upcoming battle.
Jehanne and Pierre ride back to the French nobles.
“How did it go?” one noble asks.
“It was wonderful…are you ready to fight?” Jehanne asks.
“We don’t do the fighting. It’s not our job to fight. We watch from here and direct our soldiers with different colored flags, drums and sounds from this horn,” holding it up so that it can be seen. Turning around to the other noble, he quietly says, “Well, that is when we are paying attention.”
“What did you say?” Jehanne asks with anger and concern.
“We put all our attention on the battle,” the noble turns back around and boldly lies to her.
Disgusted, Jehanne grabs her standard once again and raises it as a signal for her small group of soldier’s to meet her. Together they ride to the battlefield.
Waiting for a moment for the English, so that their battle can begin, Jehanne turns to Pierre, “I heard what they said, Pierre. They don’t care, but I do. And as for these English, I’m tired of waiting.” Raising her standard she yells, “ARE YOU READY?”
A roar of… “YES!” Can be heard as swords and standards are lifted to the sky behind her. Individual soldiers begin chanting, “Jehanne…Jehanne…Jehanne.” The soldiers on the wings are silent so that their battle plan will be kept secret.
Jehanne raises her standard once again, and the soldiers fall silent. “All throughout my life I have always gone to a chapel to pray. There is no chapel here, but I feel that we need help from God. I would like all of you to get on your knees. We will always pray before we go into battle, because it is God’s standard, and His spirit that we carry with us.”
As the soldiers kneel, Jehanne begins her prayer. “Our Father in Heaven, today we come to do battle. We battle not to gain riches, or to take lands that do not belong to us. We battle today to take back the lands that rightfully belong to us. The English, have their own country; all we ask is for your help to regain the land that was taken from us. Please be with us today. Help each soldier to have the strength that is needed, to be victorious over his opponent, in the name of your beloved son, Amen.”
Standing up, Jehanne asks, “Are the English ready, Pierre?”
“It looks like they are still preparing for battle, Jehanne.”
“We are not going to wait any longer.”
Raising her standard, she begins riding toward the English encampment with the same fury and determination in her eyes that she had when she spoke with the English noble.
Galloping toward the English with a new sense of identity the soldiers find courage in their hearts, as they battle through their own fear, willing to fight for the freedom of their country.
The English respond with a sense of panic. They have never had the French come at them with such courage. Frantically, the English begin to pull their forces together, but because they are not completely prepared, this gives the French the advantage that is needed.
Jehanne’s archers do just as she has asked. Hundreds of arrows are shot into the English encampment as they begin to panic. Many of their best soldiers and famous longbow archers are killed. Jehanne’s captains on both wings circle around the English, as Jehanne and Pierre come directly up the middle.
The French win a decisive victory, with very few of the English even making it out of their camp.
Going up to the English noble after the battle, Jehanne begins speaking, “I have come for your sword.”
“How did you win the battle?” he asked.
“It was easy. We are the superior army!” Jehanne quips, looking directly at him.
“You caught us off guard!”
“Why would you say ‘off guard’? You knew that there would be a battle today, your men were preparing for it.”
“But you came against us before we were ready.”
“Next time, perhaps it would be better to get your men moving a little faster.”
Still in shock over the loss of the battle, as Jehanne extends her hand out for his sword, the English noble places it in her hand. Unable to move, the English noble watches as Jehanne and Pierre turn their horses around, and head back to their camp.
In front of her soldiers, Jehanne raises her standard. “Good work my Brothers.” Looking at Pierre she says, “I am always honored to have you by my side, Pierre.”
“The honor… is mine Jehanne.”
With the cunningness of a great general, Jehanne knows that no battle is won with the same tactics. The French are even confused, yet humbled, when she accepts the help of a French noble with a thousand troops to fight alongside her soldiers, even though he has been in disgrace at court for the last two years.
Never knowing what Jehanne will do next, throws the English off balance. To their astonishment, Jehanne continues to win battle after battle, capturing all the corners of Orleans.
Ten and a half square miles of castles and British encampments are captured by Jehanne and her troops in just ten days, a feat that the French nobles had been attempting to achieve for the last eight months. All of this takes place just two to three days, by horse, from Paris, which at this time is occupied by the English.
As the French emerge victorious, forcing the English to withdraw from Orleans, shock is felt throughout England, and cheers can be heard throughout France. The English are surprised that the tide of the war has turned against them.

***

In Lyon, brothers Jean and Pierre have been fighting extremely hard for the French nobles in that region. Both of them have been made captains of their own troops, because of their knowledge of war tactics.
This particular day, the battle in Lyon has been long and hot. Finally it is night, and the soldiers are now able to take a respite from the stress of battle.
“Jean, I just heard that Orleans has fallen, and the English have left that part of France.”
“I heard something about it. My troops have been talking about a woman that is leading them.”
“What is her name?”
“I don’t know. I was concentrating on plans for the battle we will wage tomorrow. I didn’t hear the rest of what they were saying, but it seemed to breathe a new sense of courage into my troops.”
“The same thing has happened with my troops. Do you have time to go ask some of your soldiers what they know about this woman?”
“Sure. I’ve been working so long on these plans that my head is going around in circles. Maybe we could both learn how she is doing it?”
Walking up to a group of soldiers, they hear, “Can you believe it? She took Orleans in ten days. Something the French nobles had been working on for eight months.”
“How big is Orleans anyway?” another soldier asks.
Sitting closer to the fire they are all gathered around, an older soldier answers, “It is ten and a half square miles. And the British had that area full of castles, and troop encampments…”
“Only someone who is favored of God could have accomplished what she has,” declares a soldier standing behind the older soldier.
Sitting down on a log, Jean asks, “Do any of you know her name?”
“You don’t know her name?” a soldier questions as all of the others look at both Jean and Pierre in amazement.
“No, do you?”
“Her name is Jehanne.”
Shocked, but not fully comprehending what he has heard, Pierre asks, “What is her last name?”
“Her last name is d’Arc, the same as yours.”
Looking at each other, both Jean and Pierre don’t know if they should smile with pride, or question why a woman….. Jean’s thinking stops as his mouth begins to speak. “Just a minute, her last name is d’Arc, and her first name is Jehanne? Jehanne d’Arc?”
“Yes. That’s what we have heard. Do you know her?”
“If she was born in Domremy, then she is our sister!” Pierre states trying to make sense of everything he is hearing.
“Yes. Jehanne was born in Domremy. It is said that she is the maid that has been foretold would save France from the English.”
Looking surprised and shocked they whisper, “Our sister…the maid that is supposed to save France?”
“And, Pierre,” one of the soldiers calls out his name, looking at him strangely, “there is a man that is with her in all of her battles…his name is Pierre. Isn’t that kind of funny?”
“Yes, that does seem a little strange. But then again, this is France. There are a lot of Frenchmen called Pierre.”
Jean interrupts, “What are her tactics?”
“I have been told that she is magnificent. At the beginning of each battle they kneel in prayer. Then as the battle begins she rides at the front of her troops leading them right into the battle. On the battle field she encourages them to fight on through her example and through her shouts of encouragement. And her standard flies throughout the whole battle showing where she is on the ground floor.”
Jean and Pierre turn to their right as another soldier begins talking. “Her standard is made of white canvas with the Archangel Saint Gabriel and Saint Michael on each side of our Lord, Jesus Christ. Toward the end of the standard there are Fleurs de Lys’.”
On the other side of Jean and Pierre another soldier begins to speak. “Her armor is white.”
“Yes… and her horse is dapple gray.”
“Is her horse a stallion?” Jean asks.
“No, it’s actually a ‘Rouncey’.”
“Jean, that’s father’s horse. We need to go help her, Jean. She’s our sister. She needs our protection,” Pierre states with concern.
With wide eyes and his hands out to the side, Jean responds, “She needs our help? Pierre did you not hear that she took ten square miles of French land back from the English? In ten days….something that the nobles had been trying to take for eight months!”
Pierre has no response to his brother. He is still trying to understand that a woman doesn’t need their help. Not to mention that this woman is their little sister.
“Pierre…Pierre, look at me,” Jean continues, while holding his brothers shoulders so that he can look straight into his eyes trying to make a point.
“There are many fronts to this war. If we stay here, and Jacquemin stays where he is, with Jehanne also on another front, then we will finally be able to defeat the English. If we go to where Jehanne is, the English will gather all of their forces to that one field of battle. But if we remain here, the English will have to split their defenses. We would be more help to Jehanne by staying where we are.”
“What if she needs our help at a later time?”
“Then we will find out, and we will go to her.”
“You make a good point, Jean. We will do our part here.”

***

In her tent, Jehanne walks around her makeshift war table, deep in thought. “Pierre, you have helped me prepare our battle plans at the war table many times now; you now know the layout of our country. Since we have taken Orleans, where do you think the English will assume that we will go next?” she asks.
“If I were the English, I would think that the logical conclusion would be that you would lead your troops to Paris, or Normandy.”
“Really, why would you think that?”
“We could ride from Orleans to Paris in one day or to Normandy is about two and a half day’s travel. Either place would be a relatively short distance to travel to battle, for an important strategic area.”
“Paris is northwest; Normandy is to our direct west right?”
“You are correct.”
“Then I will head northeast to Reims.”
“Jehanne, Reims is four days travel, deep into English territory. We will be surrounded by the English.”
“Exactly, but we must think of it as French territory that we will be taking back from the English, Pierre,” Jehanne says with emphasis, pointing her index finger in his direction.
“All right, Jehanne. I can tell that you have your mind made up.”
“Yes Pierre, we will take Reims, and everything in between.”
True to her word, she heads northeast. With her troops, she stops just in sight of the next castle. Sticking her standard into the ground she gets off of her horse.
Jehanne assigns several of her soldiers to guard duty giving instructions, “You heard their warning bells announcing that there is danger in their area. They have heard that the French were coming and now they see our standards. You heard them as they ran to the castle for safety, they know that we want our land back, so be watchful for their spies or even groups of English coming to do us harm.”
Jehanne commands all of her troops “Take your instructions from Pierre as I gather some information.” While everyone else prepares their camp, Jehanne walks over to the castle. Walking around the outside perimeter, she studies its foundation and walls.
Inside the castle a guard walks up to the Lord of the Manor. “Sir, there is a French soldier walking around outside looking at the walls of the castle.”
“Just one soldier…”
“Yes Sir.”
“That has to be one courageous soldier, I’ve got so see this guy. Maybe I’ll even introduce myself to him.”
“Sir, be careful! It could be some kind of a trap.”
“Don’t worry. While I watch him I’ll also scan the area for any sign of his troops, just to make sure that he is alone.”
The Lord of the Manor walks up the stairs to the top of the wall. Standing on the parapet walkway he looks over the wall and watches Jehanne walking back and forth trampling the grass under her feet as she looks at the foundation of the outside castle wall. After a while, he feels it would be safe to find out who this man is and what he is about. “I’ve never seen an enemy with so much courage, he says to himself. Looking over the wall and down to the ground he yells, “Hello…Hello down there!”
Looking up toward the sound of the voice, Jehanne shades her eyes trying to locate the owner of the voice. Finally she sees a man looking over the tall rock wall, “Hello there,” she calls back.
Taken back by the sound of her voice he asks, “Are you a woman?”
“Why, yes I am,” she answers, wondering to herself, “Why does everyone ask that?”
“Why are you walking around my castle? Is this what the French have their women do now? Shouldn’t a commander be doing that?”
“Actually, I am the commander,” she says with her hands on her hips.
“A woman commander…. Let me save you a lot of time, there is no way that you will be able to penetrate this castle.”
“Oh, really?” she questions. “Let me tell you a secret that you may not be aware of. You see this corner… this buttress here?” she points to the rock corner.
“Yes.”
“You might be interested to learn that it wasn’t put in correctly. And with all of the stones that you have been dropping on it during your battles, either by accident or on purpose, it now has a huge crack in it. From my observation, I would think that by using a battering ram, it wouldn’t take too long to see all of the stones above it,” pointing to the higher stones, “come tumbling down to the ground.” Her beautiful hands make a tumbling motion.
“You must be wrong. I had all of my soldiers check the foundation. The reports that came back said that everything was in excellent shape.”
“I’m sure that you have superb soldiers, Sir. Maybe it split just after they walked past it. Let me look at it again.” Walking over to the buttress for a second look she adds, “Well now, it has a lot of wear to the split. That tells me that it has been here for quite a long time.” Looking up at the owner, she adds, “Maybe your soldiers are losing their eyesight?”
“They aren’t that old,” he responds in a frustrated tone.
“Maybe they aren’t as superb as I thought that they may be. I am sorry that you won’t have time to fix it, which is bad for you. What’s good for me is that I have just found your weak spot. If you will excuse me, it’s time to get my troops ready.”
The Lord of the Manor watches Jehanne walk away with a great deal of surprise and with his mouth open. Having an enemy turn their back without fear is something that he has never seen before. Finally he closes his mouth and smiles after thinking through their conversation. “I know what she is going to do. Women just can’t keep anything to themselves,”
While the Lord of the manor is preparing his troops for a definite attack, Jehanne walks back to her camp and tells Pierre what she has just done.
“Why would you tell him exactly where you plan to strike, Jehanne?” he questions.
“Pierre, do you know what he is doing right now?” she asks.
“What?”
“He’s bringing most of his troops from the front gate over to the corner I pointed out to him. He has just split his defenses! I’ll take most of my forces to that area and put on a good show. You go around to the front, scale the wall, and open the drawbridge. Once you let me know that you are in, I will lead our troops through his front door.”
“As always, Jehanne your plans are unique,” Pierre says with a crooked smile.
Gathering her troops with the battering ram at the corner of the castle, Jehanne and her troops begin to put on a masterful presentation.
High on the parapet walk, inside the castle, the Lord of the Manor watches their determination to break the outer wall of his castle.
“That stupid woman told me what she was going to do. Can you imagine? She told me! So of course I brought most of my troops over here, and look, they’re not making any headway!” Full of pride, he tries to show his soldiers that he is the better commander.
Jehanne and her soldiers are putting on such a good show as they continue to hit the weakened buttress with all the weaponry they have brought, that the Lord of the Manor begins to laugh to himself. In his pride he signals for all of his soldiers to come to where he is, so that he can show them how stupid the French commander is.
As soon as the English soldiers leave their posts, Pierre scales the rock wall signaling one of his soldiers to let Jehanne know that her plan has worked.
Now that the drawbridge is down, Jehanne signals to her troops to follow her.
“Look, they are departing,” cries the Lord of the Manor slamming his fist on the top of the rock wall. They can’t bring this corner down, and they are finally going away. Look, they are so beaten down that they are even leaving the battering ram.” Laughing he adds, “Can you believe how stupid the French are?” 
All of his soldiers begin to laugh with him. Even with all their laughter, he hears a familiar sound.
“Hello. Hello up there.”
“I can hear that woman’s voice.” The Lord of the Manor looks back over the wall to the buttress.
“Turn around I’m down here….”
The laughing stops and the Lord of the Manor and his troops look down in shock, to the castle grounds.
“Ah, there you are, you finally heard me! I came to visit you, but everyone was looking outside to that buttress.”
“How did you get in here?” he questions still in shock.
“I came in through the front door…. You really shouldn’t leave your front door wide open like that,” Jehanne says with a smile, and her hands out to the side.
Embarrassed that he was beaten by a woman, he says to himself, “A woman. How could a woman outmaneuver me?”
Looking at his expression Jehanne quips, “You English are going to have to get over your pride. Women have the same thought capacity as that of men. And contrary to popular belief, we are very capable of figuring out the strategy of war just as well as you do.”
Looking back at her soldiers she asks, “What should we do with our newly acquired castle and its people?”
Hundreds of swords are raised to the sky, while deafening shouts of “Fight… Fight….” fill the castle grounds.
Looking back at the Lord of the Manor, Jehanne continues, “As you can see, my soldiers are ready to fight. But, I will give you two other choices. You and your people will either have to swear allegiance to France or I will allow you and your people to leave this castle in peace, as long as you promise to never come back to France again.”
Thinking for a moment the Lord of the Manor states, “I will not swear allegiance to a woman.”
“You are welcome to leave then, Sir. Go back to England and on your way take all of the English with you. All that will not swear allegiance to France are no longer welcome here.”
“I won’t give up to a woman.”
Moving her horse closer to the inside wall, she looks up at the Lord of the Manor. “Pierre would you and a few soldiers bring him to me?”
Following Jeanne’s instructions, Pierre and his soldiers run up the stairs to the parapet walkway.  The Lord of the manor is suddenly surrounded by Jehanne’s soldiers. When he is brought before she demands, “I will take your sword, Sir.”
“…My sword?”
“Yes. With each battle that we win, I ask for the sword of the person in charge.”
Reluctantly, he hands his sword to her.
“Within one day you and your people are to vacate this castle, or we will come against you and I will show you no mercy!”
“What is your name?” he asks.
“Jehanne d’Arc.”
Softening his attitude he says, “I have never seen a commander as kind as you.”
“Don’t ever equate my kindness as a weakness, Sir. I will do what needs to be done to get the English out of France.”
“I can see that you mean what you say. My people and I will leave in peace.”
Jehanne and her troops stay in their camp watching as the English leave their place of refuge, to make sure that the English are true to their word.
“They’re gone, Pierre. Are you ready to move on?”
“Yes Jehanne. I’m ready for our next conquest.”
“Good, ask our fellow French patriots that follow us to move into the castle and to protect it from future English occupation.”
“I have all ready.”
“So you knew that I would ask this of you?”
“Yes, Jehanne you have with all the other castles that we have taken.”
“You know me so well don’t you, Pierre?”
“Many times I never know what you will do, but with our people I know that you want their land given back to them.”
“We are of one mind Pierre. Thank you for being by my side.”
“It is always my honor, Jehanne.”
As Jehanne and her troops move to the next battle they come upon an English regiment sent to turn them back.
“Pierre and I will take the center.” Pointing to two other captains, she says, “You take the right wing, and you take the left wing. Send messengers to your primary tactical units, your archers, heavy cavalry and your ground troops. Tell the archers to shoot their arrows into the English making sure they mark the longbowmen, they are treacherous! Have your heavy cavalry ride in next making sure that they cut and dissect this English regiment.”
As the messengers leave, Jehanne continues addressing the remaining Captains. “Follow up with your ground troops. They will take care of whoever is left. While your ground troops are cleaning up, bring your Cavalry around, surrounding the English. Good luck, my Brothers. As soon as we finish this, we will gather together and continue on to our next castle.”
Jehanne’s troops spread out to their assigned positions, with their standards signaling their area, ready for the battle to begin.
The English continue their charge toward them. Jehanne’s archers shoot at the English, with many arrows finding their mark. Shortly, Jehanne and Pierre charge toward the English, as do the captains on the right, and left wings.
Pierre’s horse runs with great ferocity toward an English commander. As they come within striking distance, the English commander raises his ax. Pierre leans down the right side of his horse, holding on with his left leg, and strategically positions his bow and arrow just under his horse’s neck. Marking the body of the English captain, Pierre’s arrow hit’s the English man and he falls to the ground. Since their leader has fallen, the English troops scatter.
After the skirmish is over, Jehanne remarks, “Pierre, I saw you shoot the English commander. Your style was magnificent. I’ve never seen anything like that.”
“I remember seeing my father practice shooting his bow and arrows that way.”
“You’re going to have to teach me that one,” she says with a smile.
“You have enough tricks up your sleeve, Jehanne. Do you think that you need another one?”
“That’s not a trick, Pierre, it’s a necessity….”
“Oh. You see me do something new, and it becomes a necessity?”
“Of course, it’s a necessity. I am your commander, Pierre. I am asking you to teach me how to do that.”
Looking down at his horse, and then up at the sky, Pierre answers, “I don’t teach commanders. I only teach friends, Jehanne.”
“Then, I will ask you as a friend.”
“What are you asking?”
“I all ready told you….”
“I can’t say that I heard anything from a friend, Jehanne. Maybe you’ll have to say it again.”
Knowing that Pierre is playing his games again, Jehanne rides her horse next to his. Gently touching his arm, and looking into his eyes, she says, “Pierre, would you please teach me how to do that maneuver?”
“Oh, so it’s a maneuver now, huh?”
“Yes, and I’m asking you as a friend.”
“Well, then your request is granted, friend.”
Smiling at each other they continue their march to Reims.
Battle after battle the English continue to retreat from France as Jehanne moves forward to her goal. In the middle of one of those battles, an English noble begins to question the position in which they find themselves.
“How did we get into this situation? We took Rouen, Paris, Reims and all the towns in between. We lost Orleans, which was supposed to be the staging area prior to taking over the South of France. And now the French are marching to Reims? This isn’t the agreement that we have with the French. We are the supreme army! We are supposed to win every war. In return, we pay the French nobles for their time out of the revenues that we receive from the sale of war weaponry.”
The English noble continues, “The only difference is Jehanne…a woman. I heard many of the French nobles say that they had no control over her. That’s what happens whenever women get involved in war. They want to have it over with, because they care for their men. But this game has to continue! If there is no one left to whom we can sell our weapons, we will run out of money. The result will be that nobles, on both sides, will have to live like the commoners do.”
Faced with the possibility of living like a commoner, he points to one of his archers and commands, “TAKE HER OUT!”
“But, Sir, she is a woman!”
“TAKE HER OUT OR YOU WILL BE WITH HER.”
“Yes Sir.” Raising his 6-foot long bow, the 3-foot long arrow with its narrow tip capable of piercing through armor, sails through the air at 125 to 150 miles per hour. Cutting rapidly through the air, the arrow heads directly toward Jehanne’s standard, which marks her place on the battlefield.

***

Reading the history of the 100 years war, Treysen learns that in one battle the long bow was successfully used by the English against the French. In 1346, long before Jehanne’s birth, the long bow was responsible for the deaths of 2,000 French mounted Knights, the elite of the French army. In this particular battle, 20,000 English soldiers defeated 60,000 French soldiers.
Knowing this history and watching the arrow glide toward its target, Treysen sends a thought message to Daniel. “I am concerned for Jehanne. She is in the middle of a battle with an arrow from a longbow heading directly toward her.”
“We can’t turn the arrow back, but we can minimize its final resting place,” Daniel responds back with a thought.

***

Jehanne’s horse turns suddenly. She is hit just above her collar bone, on her right side. The impact from the arrow throws her off her horse and she lands on the ground. Stunned that an arrow actually hit her, along with the shock of seeing her own blood flowing from her body, she panics. “My angels, I thought that they would protect me,” she says to herself.
A thought quickly streams into her mind. “Jehanne, we are here for you. Whatever you have to endure, we are here for you.”
Thinking to herself, “Ah, so having angels with me does not mean that nothing will ever happen to me. It means that if I look to them, I will have the strength to endure what this life has to offer me.”
While she is on the ground, rumors quickly spread through her troops. “Jehanne is dead.”
Soldier after soldier passes the rumor, “She got hit by an arrow, and fell to the ground.” And with this message, they begin to retreat.
Hearing the shouts from her soldiers, “Retreat, retreat, Jehanne is dead.” Jehanne forces herself to quickly stand up.
Pierre rushes to her aid. “Pierre, quickly break off the end of this arrow.”
“But, Jehanne…”
“We don’t have any time to discuss this Pierre. Please just do it quickly. We must stop the soldiers from retreating.”
Protecting the wound made by the arrow in her collar bone, Pierre makes sure that the shaft of the arrow does not move. Looking into her tear filled eyes, Pierre breaks off the tip and then the end.
“Thank you, Pierre.” She quickly gets on her horse and riding throughout the lines of her soldiers, holding her standard with her left hand and guiding her horse with her knees, she yells, “I AM STILL ALIVE…FIGHT ON MY BROTHERS, I AM STILL ALIVE…TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK FROM THE ENGLISH!… FIGHT ON, FIGHT ON MY BROTHERS!” Hearing her yell, and seeing her standard move through their ranks, the soldiers turn around and begin fighting with renewed strength.
It was only after winning this battle that most of her soldiers found out that the arrow she had been hit with is still lodged in her upper shoulder.
“None of the French Nobles would ever do something like that.”
“Jehanne is a true leader.”
“We will follow only Jehanne,” they commit.
After the battle, Jehanne, with Pierre by her side, rides up to the English noble and demands his sword. “I am here for your sword…Please hand it to Pierre.  As you can see, I have been wounded.” Looking at the arrow, she continues, “I do want to thank you for this arrow though, it helped us to win this war.” Looking back and directly into his eyes Jehanne speaks with even more strength. “Tell your English brothers that I have been asked by God to take our land back, and crown the Dauphin as the rightful King of France. Tell them that they can give up peacefully, and we will do them no harm. Or, we will come against them with the vengeance of God, and many more Englishmen will die. In our next battles know that your Nobles will also be targeted!”
The English noble attempts to assume an air of indifference and states, “With your permission, we will now leave.”
“You may go after I tell you one more thing. I want you to know that if you and I are ever together on the battlefield again, or in your case, as you watch from your hill, my soldiers, and I WILL come after you.”
“Until then….”
“Breathe while you can, English nobleman…until then.”
The Englishman and his soldiers leave, angry that a woman no less, has beaten them at their own game.
The Nobleman who has just lost this battle makes his way to England. Reporting back to his King, he states, “She is magnificent, your majesty. The very sight of her riding in the middle of battle, in her white armor, carrying her standard and encouraging her soldiers, is a sight to behold. I’ve never see anything like it! She took an arrow from the best archer that I have. She got up off the ground had the ends broken off and got back up on her horse, continuing to lead her soldiers. When she came for my sword she still had the arrow in her shoulder, and she didn’t show that she was in any pain.”
He continues to tell his King about Jehanne and her greatness in the battle that he had fought with her. He also recounts what he has heard from other nobles that have also come against her on the field of battle. 
“Everyone that has fought against her has been amazed at her cunningness. Her expertly crafted battle plans and her devotion to her soldiers. She calls them her brothers. She cares how many die. Can you imagine a commander who cares for their soldiers?”
“What I can’t understand is that as a woman, she commands her troops with an extensive knowledge of war,” the King wonders.
“I don’t know either Sire, but she is magnificent! She rides a horse with the expertise of my best soldiers. She knows the strategy of war. Her soldiers revere her as a saint, and there is a glow that surrounds her every time she speaks.”
“Is there nothing that this Jehanne can’t do?” the King questions.
“So far, she has been very successful. All of the nobles are becoming very frustrated at her success. What shall we do, Sire?”
As the King of England and the English noble continue to strategize how they will get rid of her, Jehanne is still in France preparing for yet another battle.
Looking at her Captains, she says, “As I have looked at the landscape, I have noticed a small area that looks much like a ravine where hills protrude on each side.” Kneeling down toward the ground, Jehanne begins drawing in the dirt with her index finger. “I will lead half of you onto the battlefield. When the English come against us, we will turn and ride away from them. The English will think that we are afraid.  As I lead you through the ravine, the English will follow. Our archers will be hiding behind the hills, on both sides. After we pass the center, with the English right behind us, our archers will start shooting their arrows into the center of the English soldiers. My soldiers and I will continue to ride through the ravine. Once we pass through, your group, pointing to one Captain, will head back into the ravine I just come out of. You will ride toward the English, while your group, pointing to another Captain, comes in from behind.” Continuing her dirt drawing she adds, “The English will then be surrounded. Do you have any questions?”
“No. Your drawing makes everything quite clear,” the Captains nod in agreement.
“Get a good night’s sleep.” She adds, “We will need to get up quite early to put this plan into action.”
The morning sun marks the extended shadows of Jehanne’s troops in a large beautiful meadow as they face the English. With her soldier’s backs to the sun, in place and ready for battle, Jehanne rides out to meet with the noble. His familiar face brings a smile to her expression as she approaches him. “You probably don’t remember me,” she begins the confrontation.
“Remember you? I don’t know any French people.”
“You came to my village when I was a young girl. You were going to take me, and all the rest of the village girls. Do you remember that day?”
“No, I can’t say that I do.”
“My angels whisper to me that you just lied. You have thought of it every day since it happened. I told you then that you would not take me that day, but that I would meet you on the field of battle…. Well, here I am.”
“Understand this…no woman has the ability to lead soldiers in a war.”
“I guess we shall see. My angels just told me that you are going to lose this battle. You carry a beautiful sword… I would like to have it when you surrender.”
“You’re just as crazy today as you were that day.”
“Ah, so you do remember.”
“It is hard to forget someone who is truly crazy.”
“I guess that the definition of crazy is in each individual. I would think that it is crazy for the French and English to still be fighting against each other since this war began years before I was born. How many of your family members have died because of these battles?”
“In a few more years it will be 100 years since this war began. I haven’t had any member of my family die. But I would imagine that every family of the lower classes in France and England have probably had someone in their family, or maybe even many die in this war. But that’s what they were born for.”
“You see, that is what I see as crazy, people dying because of power struggles between Nobles. People accepting money to fight, so that the Nobles can stay alive, rule the people that are left and own all of the land won in each battle. Now that’s crazy! Why don’t the Nobles fight their own battles and die for what they want, instead of asking others to do it for them? I don’t think listening to angels is crazy. But you, YOU, thinking that all other people are here for YOUR OWN SELFISH PURPOSES? YOU expecting…your people to DIE for YOUR desires SO THAT YOU CAN HAVE ALL THE LAND AND RICHES THAT EXIST…. Now THAT is what is crazy!”
“I guess we all have our own interpretation” the English royal responds with a stony face.
“There is only one interpretation of crazy. And you, Sir, are the crazy one.”
Looking at her silently, he finally asks, “Are you ready for the battle?”
“I am! Take care of that sword. Oh I forgot, you will be watching the battle from the hill far away from danger. You won’t be taking part in it. So your sword should be in the same shape that it is now when I come to get it. Until then….”
A short time later, as the English soldiers rush toward the French, Jehanne’s soldiers turn and run away from them.
“Look! She thinks that she can win the battle against me!” the English Nobleman says with a smile. “They’re running away from my soldiers,” he laughs.
“Sir, do you think that it is a good idea for our soldiers to follow Jehanne and her soldiers into that ravine?” his captain questions.
“They’re running away from my soldiers. What is there to be afraid of?”
Suddenly, Jehanne’s archers appear. Hundreds of arrows are shot into the middle of the ravine; Englishmen fall to the ground, one after another. Finally the English that are left are surrounded, exactly as Jehanne has planned. Her Captains have followed her plan as directed.
A white flag is signaled by the English.
“Sir, our men have drawn a white flag.”
“What? This battle just started.”
“They rode into the ravine. Her archers were waiting for them.”
“Send our archers out to assist them.”
“But Sir, they have no armor.”
“It doesn’t matter. Tell them to shoot into the French soldiers!”
“What about the white flag?”
“Give the order or you will be out there with them!” he responds coldly.
After the order is given, many of the English archers respond by running for safety hoping for the chance to join Jehanne’s troops.
“Where are my archers? I asked you to tell them to go against the French?
“I did, Sir, but most of them can’t be found.”
“Those cowards, I’ll make an example of them and their families. How many do we have that are ready to shoot?”
“…About five.”
“That will be enough. Have them stand in the tree line right over there. I’ll stand over here, so that the French will have their backs to them when they turn to face me.”
Trusting in the white flag, Jehanne is unaware that the noble has asked his archers to shoot at them as they negotiate the terms of surrender. Jehanne and Pierre ride up the hill toward the English nobleman.
“I have come for your sword.” Holding her arms out for his sword, Jehanne continues, “I saw you on the top of the hill as I was in the middle of the battle. I would imagine that your sword is in the same condition as when I last saw it.
Handing his sword over to her he states, “It is. You were magnificent in the way that you led your troops.”
“Thank you Sir. But they aren’t my troops. These men fight for their families. They fight to regain their land and the possessions that have been taken from them. They fight to free themselves from the tyranny and control in which the English have tried to enslave them all these years. They fight for their God given rights, the rights that they were born with. I simply lead them.”
Jehanne takes the sword. “Tell your English brothers that I come for them next. Tell them that all of the English will be driven out of our land…we will become free of the English. The French did not come against the English…the English came against the French. We WILL drive you back to your own lands. Will you tell them what I said?”
“Yes, I’ll tell them that a witch is leading the French.”
Hearing a scuffle in the woods behind them, Jehanne and Pierre turn around. Some of the English longbowmen have tied up five fellow longbowmen and are leading them toward Jehanne.
“What is going on here?” she asks in bewilderment, as Pierre puts his hand on his sword ready to fight.
Poking the captured bowmen in the back, their fellow longbowmen command them, “Go on and tell them. Tell them what the Noble wanted you to do.”
“The noble wanted us to shoot you in the back.”
“Ah. English integrity,” she remarks. “You have tied up five. What about the rest of you who are not tied up. What would you like?”
“We would like to go with you. He cares nothing about us. We’ve heard that you treat all of your soldiers like brothers.”
“What you have heard is true. They are my brothers! I welcome you, and your skills, to the French side of this battle.” Turning back to the noble, she says, “When will you learn that all people are of the same rank? In God’s eyes, no one is better than another. We are all the same, and as such should be treated with equality.”
“Nobles will always be better than commoners, Jehanne,” he says with a great deal of pride.
“Someday your family will be commoners. In that day you will be sorry that you didn’t teach everyone to be kinder to all people. As for thinking that I am a witch, if you want to think of me as a witch, then so be it. Just make sure that you tell them that I am coming.”
Jehanne watches as the English slowly leave the field of battle.
Turning to Pierre she says, “Pierre, I am concerned that he still calls me a witch. I told him that I didn’t care, but I am concerned.”
“Don’t worry Jehanne your angels are with you.”



Chapter 6


“Treysen, have you seen, Jon and Julia, yet?” Daniel asks.
“Yes, they landed at the same coordinates that Running Deer did. They are walking in the direction of Jehanne’s village, Domremy.”
“Keep me up to date, please.”
“I will.”

***

“Jon, can you believe that we are finally here?” 
“Julia, I always thought that the minute someone went through the refracted waves in the Hall of Corridors that they were automatically where they were supposed to be.”
“I did too. So where are we, Jon?”
“I don’t know. Let’s keep walking this way. It looks like this road is used quite a bit. There might be a village just over that ridge.”

***

In Lyon after their battle, Pierre runs to his brother. “Jean, Jean, have you heard the latest news about, Jehanne?”
With great enthusiasm, Pierre exclaims, “I heard that she is cutting right through the English stronghold and heading for Reims! Some villages give up as soon as they hear her name and see her standard.”
“…Reims? I didn’t know about that. I heard that she took an arrow from a longbow just above her right collar bone but continued fighting. A French noble would never have done that,” Jean states as pictures appear in his mind of Jehanne with her hand held out to the wolf.
Mystified, Pierre questions, “Can you believe that our little sister has that much courage, Jean?”
“Yes,” he says, “I remember the wolf when she was just a baby.”

***

The English nobleman, who had recently lost his battle to Jehanne, arrives in England and reports to the king, “You should have seen how she led her troops. No woman can do something like that unless she is a witch.”
“We will have to eliminate her. We can’t keep losing battles. What will people think of the English losing battles to the French? Not to mention that they are led by a woman!” the King replies. “Noblemen should not be beaten by a woman. What is she doing out on the field of battle anyway? Women are supposed to be cooking, sewing and taking care of the men in their family.”
“You forget, your Majesty. We have killed many of their men. We have made sure that their taxes are high and that their economy is so poor that their men will join the armies in order to earn money to support their families. In this way, our noble French brothers don’t have to personally fight against us.”
“We need this war to continue,” insists the king. “We need the money we gain through the sale of armaments to both sides.”
“You are exactly right, my King. All of these years, we have been controlling the war. We can’t have some woman come in and begin winning battles. Obviously, she doesn’t know the rules of the game. It’s one of the best ways that we have to guarantee the constant flow of gold coins into our treasury. If she continues winning the battles, the war will be over and we will be out of money.”
“I want the witch taken care of. Whatever you need to do to get her off of the battlefield…do it! JUST GET IT DONE!” the King commands.
“She’s a woman. It shouldn’t be any problem, your Majesty.”
“Don’t underestimate her. She’s beaten every noble that she has come up against.”
“I’ll work with our allies.”
“I don’t care who does it. Just take care of the witch.”
“Your wish is my command,” the English noble states, as he backs away from his sovereign and leaves the royal court room.
Taking his soldiers with him, he rides with an eagerness known to all those who have been sent on a special mission.
In the evening, while he and his troops rest, doubts begin to plague him concerning being successful on this mission. “I can’t wait to get rid of that witch.” Pictures of her angels standing by her side flash before his eyes. “If she truly does speak to angels, how can I have her killed without permission from God? Yet, the King is God’s representative here on earth in secular matters. He said to kill her. But since she’s a woman, what if I just tell her that I will give her a castle when this war is over? I’m sure that she would like that. Every woman wants her own home. Maybe she would stop winning the battles if I offered her money, and a home with land. I’ll try that first…” the thoughts continue to swirl through his mind for some time.
After finding out where Jehanne is, he sends a messenger to ask for permission to speak with her.
“Don’t go, Jehanne!” Pierre cautions her. “That is the same man that called you a witch. Why would he want to talk to you now?”
“I’ve got to go, Pierre. He just got back from speaking to the English King. What if they want to end the war?”
“They have only lost battles since you arrived here, Jehanne.”
“…Exactly. Now they know what it feels like to lose. Maybe this has made them look at things differently.”
“Jehanne, you are so naïve as to how men think! If you are truly going to go to speak with him, then I am going with you.”
“Ha, that’s exactly what ‘my angels’ said you would say.” She says with a smile.
“Your angels know about this?”
“Why yes. They know everything.”
“Did they tell you that it would be all right to go?”
“It’s always my decision, Pierre.”
“What have you decided then?”
“I’m going, of course.”
“You’re really going to go?”
“I wouldn’t miss this excitement for the world.”
“What if it’s a trap?”
“I asked ‘my angels’ that question. They told me that it wasn’t.”
“I’m still going with you.”
Arriving at the designated meeting place in a huge grove of trees, Jehanne and Pierre quickly survey the surrounding area. Finding no other troops in the area they dismount their horses.
Walking up to the English noble, Jehanne says, “I’m here. What do you want?”
“As you probably know, I just came back from talking to our King.”
“Yes?”
“He wants me to offer you money and a castle with adjoining land.”
“Really…how much money are you offering?”
Pierre looks shocked at what he has just heard her ask.
“That would be worked out when the war is over.”
“…The castle and land… where would that be?”
“That would also be worked out when the war is over.”
“And what would I have to do to get this money and land?”
“We want you to stop winning the battles.”
“You are so afraid of me that you would offer me money, a home and land, IF I LOSE BATTLES?”
“We’re not afraid of you. We just want you to be part of the game that both the English and French are playing.”
“Ah. Maybe I need to know more about this game so that I can play it appropriately. Would you explain it to me?”
“Now you are starting to sound like someone who would be a good partner in our games,” he says, salivating at the very idea.
Jehanne motions for him to continue. “As you can see, the English always won the battles until you came along. Once in a while we will give a battle to the French, so that they won’t get discouraged. But we are the ones who are equipped with the better weaponry.”
“Why is that?”
“It is because we pay our soldiers more money than the French do.” Laughing he continues, “That’s because we tax our people at a higher rate than the French do.” Leaning over closer to Jehanne, he whispers, “Then we charge our soldiers higher prices for their uniforms, protective armor, and weapons. You see, in the end, we get all the money back that we give to them.”
“So that’s the game? You charge your people high taxes so that their men will have to leave their homes to come to fight for you?”
“…Right.”
“Then with the pay they receive, planning to send it back to their families, instead, they need to spend it on articles to protect themselves from harm, always hopeful they’ll be able to return to their families.”
“Right… isn’t it genius?”
“Would you mind if, Pierre and I go over there” pointing in the direction of their horses, “and talk about it before I give you my decision?”
“That would be fine. Just remember we have a great plan. You know how long the game has all ready been successfully played. We would like you to be a part of it.”
Pierre and Jehanne stand up and walk over to where their horses are tied so that their words can’t be over heard.
Pacing back and forth, Jehanne looks at the ground. She begins speaking, attempting to keep her anger under control.
“I am so angry, Pierre!”
“You are?”
“Yes. They play games with people’s lives and think nothing about it.”
Pierre breathes in a sigh of relief. “I am so glad to hear you say that, Jehanne. When I heard you talking to him, I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.”
“I just wanted to make sure that what I had heard since before the day I got here was true. I wanted to know if it was really a game. And, straight from his own mouth, you heard him. It’s a game! Who do they think that they are to put other people’s lives at stake?”
“They think of no one but themselves, Jehanne.”
“You are so right, Pierre. I never knew people existed that thought that way.”
“Apparently there are a lot of people like that.”
At the sound of a branch cracking a few yards from where they are talking, Pierre quickly says, “Don’t look up, Jehanne. Pretend that you didn’t hear that. Apparently, if you don’t join in their ‘game’ they are preparing to make sure that you don’t return to fight against them.”
Looking back at Pierre, all the while pretending to write in the dirt, she says, “Don’t worry, Pierre. Remember, my angels said that this would not be a trap.”
Within seconds a strong wind rips the noble’s tent from the ground and sends it flying toward, Jehanne and Pierre.
“WATCH OUT, JEHANNE!” Pierre yells as he grabs her and pulls her to the ground. The tent flies above them, in the direction of the twig they thought they had heard break.
“I THINK THAT THIS IS OUR TIME TO LEAVE, PIERRE,” Jehanne yells back, jumping up to run with Pierre for their horses.
Once mounted on their horses, Pierre rides toward the French armies when he notices that Jehanne is not with him. Looking back he sees Jehanne, riding her horse toward the English noble. 
“What are you doing, Jehanne?” he mutters to himself as he slows his horse and reigns it back in her direction.
The English noble is just now starting to stand up. With his back toward Jehanne, taking careful aim with her bow and arrow, she shoots the noble directly on his backside. Hitting her intended target, she declares, “There is my answer, you sorry excuse for a human being.” Riding closer to him, as he is holding his backside and crying out in pain, she yells in anger, “AND KNOW THIS I WOULD NEVER TAKE YOUR BLOOD MONEY. I WOULD NEVER LIVE IN A HOME GIVEN ME BY THE ENGLISH, NOT AFTER ALL YOU HAVE DONE TO THE FRENCH OVER THE YEARS! LEAVE FRANCE ON YOUR OWN! OR I WILL DRIVE YOU OUT ONE BY ONE!” Turning her horse around, she rides back toward Pierre, who has watched the exchange as he rides to her side.
“Jehanne what are you doing?”
“I was just trying to make a point Pierre.”
In a great deal of pain the noble yells, “I knew that she was a witch,” as he looks at his servant. “You saw the wind take my tent didn’t you? I will make sure that she pays for what she has done to me this day.”

***

Back in Domremy, Jon and Julia have just found the cottage where, Isabelle and Jacque live.
Finding Jehanne’s parents outside doing the chores, Jon and Julia walk up to them.
“Hello. We are looking for someone. Would you be so kind as to look at this locket, and tell me if you have ever seen this little boy?”
In shock while looking at Julia, they barely hear her ask them to look at her locket. Finally, as she opens it so that the picture is visible to them, Jacque and Isabelle look at the picture and then at each other softly saying together, “Running Deer.”
“Would you mind speaking a little louder?” Julia asks.
Jacque finally looks directly at her. “It is, Running Deer.”
“You know his name!” Jon says with relief.
“Yes. He came here two years ago,” Jacque states.
“Two years ago?” Julia questions. “Where is he? We would like to see him.”
“A month ago he left with our daughter, Jehanne. They have gone to battle with the English.”
“Battle with the English, isn’t he a little small to go to battle?”
“Actually, he’s not so small. When he came to our village, he was almost as tall as I am.”
“As tall as you are?”
“Yes, I’m almost six feet tall and since he’s been here, he’s grown to be over six feet.”
“What year is this anyway?”
“Why it’s 1429.”
“And what country is this?” Jon continues to question.
Looking at them strangely, Jacque answers, “France. You are in France.”
Jon looks sick. “Please excuse us; we need to walk over here for a moment.” Taking Julia by the upper arm he turns to walk back the way they had come.”
“Jon, what is the matter?” Julia asks.
“Just come with me, Julia. I need to walk over here.”
Walking a short distance away, he sits down. 
Repeating her question, Julia asks again, “What’s the matter, Jon?”
“Julia this is a dangerous time of history. We need to find Running Deer as quickly as we can. Stand in front of me. I need to talk to Daniel. I don’t want to scare them while I talk into the flat crystal bracelet that he gave to each of us.”
Julia nonchalantly moves in front of Jon as he taps the bracelet three times. “Daniel, are you there?”
“I am, Jon. How are you and Julia?”
“Julia and I are fine. We found a cottage. This couple says that, Running Deer arrived here almost two years ago. Can that be possible?”
“Yes. Remember I told you that time is different in every dimension.”
“Daniel, I’m very concerned. We’re in France and the year is 1429.”
“You have every reason to be concerned, Jon. What I can tell you is that, Treysen is following, Running Deer. So far he is fine.”
“Can you tell me where he is?”
“I’m sorry, Jon. The only thing that I can tell you is that he is doing well. You will have to find your own way.”
“We will do our best, Daniel.”
“See you soon, Jon.”
“See you as soon as we can,” Jon says with concern.
“Remember, Jon, Running Deer will be fine until you are able to find him. Then it will be your job to protect him.”
“I understand, Daniel.”
“Good bye, Jon.”
“Good bye, Daniel.”
Julia asks, “Jon, if Treysen is watching Running Deer, why can’t Daniel tell us where he is?”
“I don’t know. Daniel just said that he can’t, we have to find our own way. I’m feeling better now, Julia, but we have to make time count. We need to leave as soon as possible.”
Walking back over to, Jacque and Isabelle, Jon offers an apology, “I’m sorry for leaving so abruptly, I’m feeling better now. Getting back to, Running Deer, could you tell us where he is now?”
Jacque responds, “He is with our daughter and she is now on her way to Reims. We could start there.”
“…We?” Julia asks.
“Yes. My wife and I have decided that we would like to see our daughter. And they are both together. Why don’t we travel together?”
“We would appreciate your company. If you go with us, we will be able to find him quicker since you know this country better than we do,” Julia states.
“We also have a wagon that we could use. It would be a lot faster than walking.”
“That sounds wonderful.”
“When would you like to leave?” Jacque asks.
“As soon as possible….”
“Since it is late in the day why don’t we all get a good night’s sleep and leave first thing in the morning.”
“That would probably be the safest thing to do.”
“Isabelle, would that give you time to gather food for us to eat on our journey?”
“Yes, it would give me plenty of time. The last two days, I have had a feeling that I needed to do a lot of cooking. I have been busy baking bread, and cakes. I also made butter while I gathered potatoes and vegetables. All we have to do is to make sure that we have enough water for ourselves and food for our horses.”
Jacque looks at Jon, “Why don’t we gather the water barrels and food for the horses?”
“Julia and I can gather the food that I have cooked for the last two days,” Isabelle states.
While, Isabelle and Julia are gathering the food, Julia notices that both, Jacque and Isabelle continue to look in her direction. “Is there something about me that bothers you and your husband?” she questions.
“Oh no, there is nothing that bothers us. It’s just that you look so much like our daughter, Jehanne.”
“I look like, Jehanne?”
“Yes. If she wasn’t my daughter, I would think that you were her. The only thing different, is the color of your hair and eyes. Where your eyes are blue and your hair is blonde, her eyes are green and her hair is black. One other thing is that your voice is a little different. You have a different accent.”
“That’s interesting, Isabelle.”
“Jon, did you hear what Isabelle had to say?”
“No, I’m sorry. What did I miss?”
“Isabelle just told me that I look like, Jehanne.”
“That’s interesting, Julia.”
“That’s exactly what I said to Isabelle, Jon.”
“There’s never a mistake, Julia. There must be some reason other than Running Deer that we are here at this time in history.”
“Do you think that we should tell, Daniel?”
“I think that he probably already knows, Julia. We can talk about this as we travel to find Jehanne and Running Deer. For now, I had better continue to help Jacque so that we can leave at first light.”
After what seems like a very long night, morning finally arrives. Walking out of the cottage as, Jon and Jacque, are putting the last items into the wagon, Isabelle looks at Julia and says, “Look, the rays of the morning sun are bidding us safe journey.”
“How wonderful… what a beautiful sunrise, Isabelle.”
Traveling to Orleans, Jon, Julia, Jacque and Isabelle begin to experience the excitement that now surrounds, Jehanne. As they follow the same path that Jehanne has taken, stories of her greatness are spoken of in each town they lodge in. The people are excited that France is now winning wars against England. A new French patriotism is the only thing that everyone can talk about.
The names of the towns ring in Jon’s head as they continue their travel. When he was a small boy he was told of someone with a name similar to Jehanne’s and everything that she was able to do for France.
“Jacque, what is your full name? What do you go by?”
“Jacque d’Arc is what everyone calls me”
“What do they call, Jehanne?”
“Why, Jehanne d’Arc,” Jacque answers wondering why Jon is asking him.
Jon asked the question, knowing the possibility of the answer that he would get. At the same time hoping with all his heart that he wouldn’t get the answer that he just got. “Your daughter, Jehanne…. Your daughter, who is with Running Deer, goes by Jehanne d’Arc?”
“Yes. She is, Jehanne d’Arc. Why do you ask?”
Feeling sick in the pit of his stomach and not wanting to answer Jacque’s question truthfully he says, “It is just that I have heard the name Jehanne so many times as we have gone from village to village, but I’ve never asked what her full name is.”
“Well, now you know, my friend,” Jacque responds with pride.
Now that Jon knew Jehanne’s full name, he began to remember what he had been taught as a young boy concerning the great French commander, Jehanne d’Arc. He becomes frantic to get to both, Jehanne and Running Deer, as soon as possible. “Maybe, just maybe there will be some way to change the way that her story ends,” Jon prays silently to himself.

***

Walking down the Hall of Corridors to once again check on the underwater city, Daniel softly pulls back the refracted waves. To his astonishment he sees long dark oil clouds floating toward the city.
“Where did they come from?” he gasps.
Thinking of the headlines in the news, Daniel finally realizes what is happening. “So, that is why the oil has been allowed to escape for so long. They are finally showing their true side. There must be some knowledge that the world government wants and they are finally saying ‘No we won’t share any more of our technology.’”
“It is the same as it was in my world. At first, they seem friendly and willing to share their knowledge of weapons and conveniences that they have, in exchange for living on the same planet. Of course, they never let the people know that what they are sharing is on a Kindergarten level, while they keep knowledge hidden that is on a College level. Once more of their people have arrived they will use their hidden knowledge, to finally take over. If they are beginning to say no, that means that their numbers are growing and they know that more ships will be coming soon with more of their people.”
Continuing to remember the advanced knowledge that they have, Daniel starts to laugh. “This government thinks that these oil clouds will be a threat to them. They think that it will stick to the dome that covers their city, blocking out the sun light and air. This shows how stupid some of these human beings really are. First of all, the ocean has the capacity to clean up any oil spill.  After all oil is a natural part of this world. Why do you think that there is so much salt in the ocean? And why do the waves churn, ebb and flow?
And even if there is some oil left, or the Ocean didn’t have the ability to clean up these clouds of oil, the people, who have created this underwater city have the ability to clean it up within a few days. They must have laughed at the feeble try to show superiority. These people don’t fear governments or technology. They are far superior than they let on.”
“These people do, however, fear the capabilities that each human has, if the humans were to realize their true potential. These visitors have helped this world in technology only to keep the humans entertained and focused on things far below what they are capable of becoming. In this way, if they can keep the humans lulled into a since of security, always thinking of entertainment rather than becoming like the God that created them, the humans will never attain their full potential and will never become a threat to them.”
“This will be interesting to see how this whole conflict turns out.”  Daniel smiles and walks back to his patients.

***

Divine providence saves Jehanne many times as she continues to push her troops forward toward Reims, unaware that an ambush is set by the English. Longbowmen are positioned on each side of an open meadow in the woods. As Jehanne begins to ride through it with Pierre and her troops in preparation for another battle, a stag appears. Instinctively the English archers raise a hunting cry. Realizing it is a trap, Jehanne and her troops quickly ride toward the positioned longbowmen. With their attention on Jehanne as she rides toward them, her infantry circles around and grabs the English longbowmen from behind. As soon as this happens the English cavalry rides away leaving their archers defenseless.
“I wonder if they will fight on our side now that they know that their own cavalry won’t protect them.” Jehanne asks Pierre.
“It wouldn’t hurt to ask them, Jehanne. We can always use men who are skilled with the bow.”
Riding up to them, Jehanne comments, “It looks like you were all left to your own defense.”
“That’s what we were just saying to each other.”
“We would never do that to our men. Would you consider coming to fight on our side?”
“I’ve never seen a woman in battle before. What is your name?” An English archer asks.
“I am, Jehanne d’Arc.”
“Jehanne d’Arc?”
“Yes. Have you heard of me?”
“Of course, it is said that you treat your soldiers like they are your brothers.”
“Yes. We are all brothers and sisters.”
“If you would treat us like that, we would be glad to fight for you.”
“I would be honored to have you,” looking at them with a smile, “Let’s get some different clothes for you to wear. I wouldn’t want my men to think that you are the enemy.”
Within a day’s march another English Castle can be seen.
“Here’s our next conquest, Pierre. First, we will let our troops rest while you and I scout the area.”
“Are we going to use our mud again?” Pierre questions with a wicked smile.
“Why not, it looks like there is plenty around here,” she says still smiling.
Walking a short distance from the castle, they notice rolling hills and large groups of trees dotted here and there covering the landscape.
“This is really beautiful country, Jehanne.”
“It is, Pierre. I hope that the battle won’t ruin it.”
“When will the battle start, Jehanne?”
“Do you remember how father would always say, ‘Don’t let them pick when the battle will start. You be the one in control. You be the one that decides when it will start and how it will end.”’
“Yes. So when do you want this one to start, Jehanne?”
“We will attack tomorrow, just after an early lunch. If we don’t come after them in the morning they will think that we are waiting for another day. While we eat, they will be hungry continually being on guard, waiting for us to attack. By the time that we finally attack they will be in the middle of preparing their meal.”
“Ah, good thinking Jehanne. The smell of food will make it hard to keep their minds on the battle.”
“Yes. But our troops will be attacking on full stomachs so they won’t be thinking about food.”
“Your expertise always amazes me, Jehanne.”
Looking at Pierre, with a teasing look on her face, she asks, “Are you hungry now?”
“After scouting all day you can imagine that I am.”
“We ate some biscuits. Wasn’t that enough?”
“No. I’m a meat man. I need some meat.”
“You had better hurry then because I only see one piece of meat left and I’m going to get it.”
“…Really?”
Running to get the meat, Pierre quickly grabs it.
“Ah, take pity, Pierre I like meat too,” Jehanne pleads making a sad face
Standing tall and strong, Pierre puts his left fist to his hip; with his right hand he brings the meat to his mouth, “Then you should have run a lot faster,” and begins to eat it in front of her.
Rubbing her stomach, Jehanne continues their little game. “Pierre, my stomach is telling me that it won’t have to growl very much longer because you are kind and will share your meat with me.”
Becoming more relaxed in his stance as he begins to laugh, Pierre answers, “Your stomach is right, Jehanne. Here it is.”
Sitting down, Pierre and Jehanne hand the meat back and forth sharing what is left, as the sun fades from the sky. The night is quiet, allowing all to get a good night’s sleep.
The morning light begins to flare above the rolling hills that surround the castle.
“I guess it’s time to prepare for today’s battle, Pierre.” Jehanne comments while she brushes grass from her cloak.
Walking toward the strategy tent she observes, “I think that our Captains are anxious for this battle, Pierre, I can hear them talking in the strategy tent.”
Laughing, Pierre states, “We had better get in there then, Jehanne.”
Walking into the tent, Jehanne asks her Captains, “Have you decided what our strategy should be?”
“Not completely, Jehanne. We were waiting for your cunning tactics.”
“Pierre and I have scouted the surrounding area. They can’t have a very large army since the castle isn’t that big. Because of that we will come at them from all four directions. We have enough men to do this and it will make them split their defenses. I’ll attack from the front first and then each of you attack, one after the other from the side that you are assigned.”
Pierre asks, “Jehanne, are you sure that you want to do that? All of their defenses will be directed at you.”
“Not for long, Pierre. The rest of you will attack from your own direction.”
Gathering her forces, Jehanne leads the frontal attack catching the occupants off guard as they sit down for their lunch. As, Jehanne is scaling a ladder into their walled city, a stone projectile is thrown down directly hitting her helmet, breaking the stone into two pieces.
“Ouch, that hurt. What was it?” she wonders. Looking down she sees fragments of a stone still falling to the ground. “Good thing I was wearing a helmet!” she declares.
Soon the focus of the attack shifts from the front of the castle to confront all of the other sides that are now being attacked. Once again, she and her troops are successful.
As Jehanne continues to take all the castles in battle after battle on her way to Reims, many castles give up the moment they find out that they are fighting, Jehanne d’Arc.
Her name is famous. Jehanne d’Arc is praised with having the cunning knowledge of a great general and the protection of her Angels.
Even with her ability to regain their French land, Jehanne continues to experience the lack luster commitment of all the French nobles toward her.
Within their hearts the nobles know that for the sake of their country, they should be commanders like, Jehanne. But their greed keeps shouting so loudly in their ears that the words of truth, honesty, loyalty to their soldiers, and patriotism to their country, coming from their hearts cannot be heard. Though the nobles know what is right, because of greed and wanting to fit in with the other nobles, they choose against it.
On the other hand, with God’s continued guidance, Jehanne’s commitment to her French brothers and sisters makes it possible for Charles VII to be crowned King of France. The mission that her angels had told her was hers alone to accomplish is finally happening. The English had been pushed out of Orleans and now the way is cleared to Reims.
“Pierre, it is time for the coronation of our King,” Jehanne states, hardly believing that the time has come.
“Jehanne, your mission has finally been accomplished,” Pierre says as he hugs her.
“With the Lord’s help we have been able to accomplish what He wanted to happen, Pierre. By the way, what do you think of the coif that I was given to wear to the Coronation?” she questions.
“I like the gold that they added around your shoulders.”
“Do you think that it’s too much?”
“Jehanne, you deserve that, and much more.”
“They brought me new armor with a gold crest on it, a ceremonial sword outlined in jewels and gold, and they wanted me to wear a dress under it.”
“What did you say to them?”
“I told them that I wouldn’t wear a dress. I had to look like a French commander. Like I did in battle…. I wasn’t even going to wear this,” holding her coif, “but they had worked so hard on everything. I told them that I would only wear the coif. And because we were going to be in the Reims Cathedral, I would also wear an ankle length Surcoat. But, Pierre, I feel a little awkward wearing the coif because of the gold on it.”
“Wear it with dignity, Jehanne”
“I want to represent the common people. They don’t have any gold. Why should I be wearing it?”
“It’s fine Jehanne. You still look like a commander. The people will not begrudge you wearing a small amount of gold. It is only because of you that this coronation is even taking place!”
“It is only because of, God that this is happening, Pierre. But, thank you. I will carry in my heart your kind words as we ride through town to the crowning of our King.”
Along with French soldiers and many other French Royals, Jehanne and Pierre ride into the town of Reims next to Charles VII, who because of his societal rank rides in at the end of the procession. Throughout his Coronation, for the Kings protection and because of his trust in them, Jehanne and Pierre continue to stand by his side.

***

“Daniel, tell me about Charles VII,” Treysen asks.
“What would you like to know?”
Jehanne is fighting these battles so that Charles VII can be crowned King of France. Why is it important that he be the King?”
“When Charles VI, his father and King of France, died in 1422, there were two heirs to his throne; A one year old grandson, Henry VI of England, and his own son, Charles VII of France. Charles VII had lost the right to the throne of France because his own father as King of France had entered into a treaty, the Treaty of Troyes. This treaty stated that there would be one King. And that King would rule both France and England under one throne and one ruler. This meant that under agreement with the King of England at that time and Philip the Good of Burgundy, Charles VII was to be disinherited by his father. Then the King of England’s one year old grandson would inherit the French crown upon the French King’s death.”
Daniel continued, “When his father died, Charles VII rejected the treaty, and took the title of King for his own with the encouragement of, Jehanne.”
“You see, the Christian world at that time believed that God delegated his power to man through their King. He was the Lieutenant of, Jesus Christ in temporal matters, just as the Pope and the Bishops were in spiritual matters. It was only through his Coronation, a ritual which links the King of France, with the Kings of Israel, as he is anointed on his shoulders, breast, back and hands by Holy Oil. Through this rite of Coronation, he is given power as he receives grace to accomplish his mission: ‘To rule is to serve.’”

***

After the Coronation, Jehanne asks Pierre, “What was your favorite part of the Coronation, Pierre?”
“Standing by you and watching your excitement.”
Smiling at his comment, Jehanne says, “My favorite part was when the Dauphin swore to respect ‘Justice and the Law,’ and to defend the Church and his people, especially the widows and orphans from all enemies, both domestic and foreign.”
“Yes, that was good. To protect widows and orphans from all enemies is very important indeed. But my favorite part was still looking at your face as you watched the whole coronation.”
“Part of my happiness, Pierre, is that we can go home now. We can go back to mother and father and live with them as we did before.”
“It has been an exciting time, Jehanne. It has been my privilege to fight by your side. Now I’ll be able to take you safely home, as I promised your father I would.”
“Yes, Pierre you have come to my aid many times. I thank you for that. Tomorrow I will ask the King for permission for both of us to return home, but for now, let’s get some sleep it has been a long day.”
Jehanne looks out her window and greets the morning sun with, “I’ll be going home today, ole friend. I’m so excited!” Pierre and Jehanne meet with the new French King. During their meeting Jehanne says, “I have completed my mission, Charles, and I am seeking permission for Pierre and I to return home to our family.”
Shocked, King Charles VII responds, “But, Jehanne, how can you go home? Our country still needs a great commander like you. In all of our history there has never been a commander that is loved by all of their soldiers. We have had commanders that have had respect, but you, Jehanne are loved by our people. I want you to stay here, and continue to help us to reclaim all of France from the English.”
Disappointed but willing to serve her King she says, “I am your servant.”
“Jehanne, you have done so much for France, what can I as King of France do for you?”
“I would ask that you grant Domremy, my village, respite from ever having to pay taxes again. I also ask that Pierre be given permission to continue to be by my side.”
“Is that all that you ask Jehanne? Don’t you want anything for yourself?”
“I can’t think of anything that I need, my King.”
“You can ask for lands, castles, riches…. What can I give to you to reward you for all that you have done for France?”
“Thank you for your graciousness, but the Lord gives me everything that I need.”
“If that is all that you desire, Jehanne, your wishes are granted. Domremy will be forgiven of any taxes, past, present or future. As for Pierre, he is a great soldier, and everyone has profound respect for his skills on the battlefield. I give him permission to always be by your side.”
“Thank you my King. If you will excuse us, we will ride to our next battle.”
“I will be glad to see both of you when our country is free of the English….”
“We will be glad to see you then also.”
Leaving the Kings presence, Jehanne and Pierre walk out of the Royal Court Room to their horses. Before they begin to ride, Pierre asks, “What kind of a man is he, Jehanne?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t been around him very much. All I know is that he is the person that the Lord chose to be King of France.”
Slowly riding their horses, Pierre continues, “I only ask because I felt that there was something missing. All during the coronation it seemed to me that he was only doing it because he had to, not because he wanted to.”
“He had to want to, Pierre or he wouldn’t have gone against the Treaty of Troyes that his father signed.”
“Maybe he wanted to be King, but there is something. I can’t put my finger on it, Jehanne. But something is going on that he isn’t sharing with anyone.”
“That is his problem, Pierre. We have our orders. Shall we ride faster so that we can get to our destination quicker?”
“Yes commander. I will continue to be by your side.”
Looking over at, Pierre, Jehanne laughs. “Ha, let’s see if you can stay up with me then.” And with a slight touch of her boot, her horse begins to gallop as fast as he can. Knowing Jehanne as he does, Pierre allows his horse to gallop also thus staying right by her side.
After a short distance, reining their horses back to a fast walk Jehanne senses, a stillness in the air. “The birds are not singing Pierre.”
“Yes, I noticed.”
“I don’t see anything, Pierre.”
“Let me check something.” 
Slowing to a stop, Pierre gets off of his horse and puts his ear to the ground. Looking back in the direction they had just come, he sees several horses on top of the ridge overlooking the valley that he and Jehanne had just entered. Pointing toward the ridge he sees the English standards and states, “The English, Jehanne. They must have been watching us from the time we left Reims,” Pierre says as he quickly remounts his horse.
Showing her disdain for the English, Jehanne quips, “Yes, the cowards. They followed us until we were out in the middle of nowhere by ourselves.”
Jehanne and Pierre lean forward, quickly giving their horses a swift kick. Pierre notices that Jehanne’s horse is not riding as fast as his and yells, “JEHANNE GIVE YOUR HORSE IT’S FULL STRIDE!!!” as he keeps his horse’s stride controlled, not wanting to leave Jehanne behind.
“I AM, PIERRE!” she answers, looking up and over to her right.
“THE ENGLISH ARE CATCHING UP TO US. WE NEED TO GO FASTER!” he continues to yell.
“WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO, PIERRE? MY HORSE DOESN’T HAVE THE STRIDE THAT YOURS HAS!”
“GET UP HERE BEHIND ME,” as he pat’s his horse’s back just behind his high back saddle.
“AND JUST HOW DO I DO THAT?” Jehanne quickly answers thinking that he is a bit crazy.
Extending his left hand toward her, Pierre demands, “JEHANNE, TAKE MY HAND. STAND UP AND GET BEHIND ME.”
“…BUT, WHAT ABOUT FATHER’S HORSE.”
“MOVE NOW! WE HAVE NO TIME TO LOSE.” Watching the English from the corners of both eyes, Pierre notices that they have begun to come up on both sides, “JEHANNE! NOW!” he desperately yells.
Still galloping, Jehanne quickly stands up on her saddle. Pierre positions his horse slightly forward so that it will be easier for Jehanne to get up behind him. Instantly letting go of the reigns, Jehanne makes the transition. Swinging her right leg over to sit down behind Pierre, she feels the excruciating pain of an arrow finding its place in the flesh of her thigh.
Many more arrows pass them. Not realizing that, Jehanne has been hit, Pierre kicks his horse giving it full reign and finally the freedom to go as fast as it can.
With their speed accelerated they easily leave the English behind. Coming to a small village, Jehanne finally says, “Pierre I need to rest.”
Still looking forward and pressing his horse to go as fast as it can, Pierre answers, “Jehanne, we don’t have time to rest. The English will be looking for you. They will be looking for both of us.”
Feeling her begin to slump to his left side, he quickly moves his left arm back and behind him catching her. Realizing that something must be wrong, he pulls back on the reins to slow his horse down and rides to a nearby cottage.
“Hello in there,” Pierre yells. “Can you help us?”
Opening their front door, the occupant asks, “What do you need?”

***

Julia, Jon, Jacque and Isabelle continue their journey trying to catch up with Jehanne and Pierre.
“Your daughter has created a great deal of excitement among the French people. Have you noticed that in every village that we have visited all we hear is everyone talking about the great French commander, Jehanne d’Arc,” Julia states.
“Yes, we are very proud to be her parents. She has always been a great daughter, always serving the Lord, and her fellow men,” Isabelle proudly states.
“Do you think that we will ever catch up to her?”
“From the day Jehanne was born, she never stayed in one spot too long. She was always busy doing something for someone.”
“Maybe we had better move a little faster then,” Julia suggests.
“Maybe we should,” Isabelle agrees with a smile.

***

Having stayed at, Juste’s cottage for several days, Jehanne’s leg is much better and, Pierre and Jehanne prepare to leave by the back door.
Juste pulls Pierre to the side, “Each evening I have noticed that there is a fire over in that grove of trees,” pointing along the road that runs in front of his cottage. “Some of the English must have stayed behind to make sure that you weren’t here after they saw the ‘Charger’. If you go in this direction,” he indicted while drawing with a stick in the dirt, “there is a hill on this side of our home and they won’t be able to see you. You will be able to get to your next destination.”
Eloise, Delphine and Adrien come out of the cottage with the new baby. “Would you like to hold him before you leave?” Delphine asks.
“Yes, I would very much like to hold your beautiful child.” Reaching over to take the child in her arms, Jehanne adoringly says, “Grow up big and strong little man.”
Interrupting, Delphine proudly announces, “We’ve decided to name him Jean Pierre after both of you.”
Shocked, but proud, Jehanne continues to look down into the face of little Jean Pierre. “I will do my best to finish this war so that you, our little name sake,” Jehanne looks up at Pierre, “and all of the babies born from now on will never have to fight for freedom again.”
Realizing that Pierre has not had a chance to hold the baby, she asks. “Pierre would you like to hold your namesake?”
Apprehensive…but not wanting to miss the chance to hold this wonderful child, Pierre holds out his hands. Proud of the priceless gift given to both of them, Pierre promises, “Fighting by Jehanne’s side I will also do my part to end this war.” Little, Jean Pierre giggles. The wonderful innocent sound of this young child makes everyone smile.
Handing the baby back to his mother, Pierre states, “We must leave.”
A mixture of happiness and sadness fills their hearts.
As, Jehanne and Pierre, give everyone a hug, she says, “Thank you for all that you have done for me. May you always have the Lord guarding your back….”
“Thank you, Jehanne. We will pray for both you and Pierre.”
“Good bye, everyone,” Pierre says as he lifts Jehanne up onto his horse.
Quietly walking his horse around the hill, Pierre finally gets both of them past the English soldiers left behind by their commander.
“I wonder how long the English are going to camp there watching for us…”
“I would think until their commander comes for them.”
“Do you think that they will do anything to Juste’s family when they see that the ‘Charger’ is gone?”
“I don’t think so. Juste told me that he just knows that the Knight that left it there, in the first place, came and got it, because one day it was gone and money was left by the straw in the barn.”
Both, Jehanne and Pierre, begin laughing quietly and riding through the night.
In the early morning, as they ride to the top of a ridge, looking down on the lush green grass, Jehanne is shocked. Blinking her eyes, she sees a dapple gray horse quietly grazing. She points in its direction, “Pierre look. My father’s horse….”
Looking in the direction that Jehanne is pointing, Pierre comments, “He doesn’t look like he has been missing out on much, Jehanne.”
“Apparently my angels have been giving him the royal treatment,” she says with a huge smile. Mystified that the saddle is still on it, Jehanne slides off of Pierre’s ‘Charger’ and walks over to her father’s horse.
Smiling, Jehanne and Pierre ride to their next battle as they had been directed by their king.



Chapter 7


Throughout the next few months, Jehanne continues to rally her troops as Pierre continues to protect her. Oblivious to the plans being made by the English to take her out of the war, Jehanne and Pierre continue day after day, to do as the French King has asked them to do.
While setting up tents for a new battle, the evening is extremely dark and quiet. Jehanne walks to a secluded place in the woods, puts branches on her head and around her body attaching them with strings of leather. She blackens her face and arms with mud.
Pierre finally finds her as she is finishing her preparation and asks, “Where are you going, Jehanne?”
“I need to go out to where we will do battle, I will be able to lead my French brothers better, if I get a feel for this land.”
“I’m going to go with you.”
Grateful to have Pierre by her side, she says “Let me help you put the mud on your body while you put the branches on.”
“Thank you,” he says.
Grabbing a whole handful of mud she slaps it on his back.
“Jehanne, could you please put that on a little softer?”
“What’s the matter did I hit you too hard?” she says trying to hide the teasing mood she is in.
“I think that if you look at my back not only will you see mud, but it will also be red, with a huge hand print where you hit me.”
“Come on now, let’s have some fun. We’ve been too serious for much too long with all this war.” Standing in front of Pierre, facing him, Jehanne puts mud on his face making sure that some of it gets into his mouth.
“Jehanne….” He spits it out. “What are you doing? I can hardly talk with all the mud that you just put into my mouth.”
“I thought that you might be a little hungry.”
“Well I am, but not for mud.”
“Would you like me to find some worms and a few leaves to add to it?” Jehanne smiles as she continues her teasing.
“No!” Pierre says as he begins to show the anger that is building within him wondering what she is doing.  Grabbing her arms and looking directly into her eyes he continues, “I want you to concentrate on helping me to get ready to go with you, to scout out the battlefield.”
Looking down to the ground, Jehanne says, “I just wanted to have a little fun.” Looking back up and into his eyes, “We haven’t laughed for a long time, Pierre.”
“I know. I miss our fun times.”
Jehanne and Pierre are once again caught off guard by the feelings that they have for one another. Looking into each other’s eyes a feeling of oneness, fulfillment and love fills their hearts. A connection that neither one of them has ever felt for anyone else.
Wanting to stay focused on surviving all of these never-ending battles, and his pledge to bring Jehanne back to her parents, Pierre states, “Let’s get this war over with. Then we can laugh until our stomachs hurt and our eyes are filled with tears.”
Looking into his eyes, knowing that they must keep their concentration on the future of France, Jehanne agrees, “You’re right, Pierre.”
Out of the corner of her eye, Jehanne sees some type of movement further over in the woods. “Quiet. Hold still,” she whispers. “Look over there. The French nobles are leaving their tents wearing their dark robes so that they won’t be seen. Let’s follow them and see where they go.”
Pierre follows Jehanne as she quietly walks a safe distance behind the French nobles, following their every move.  As soon as they stop, she extends her right hand out with her palm up, signaling for Pierre to stop, while bending her knees and lowering to the ground. Pierre stops next to her, following her example.
Whispering, Jehanne states, “They are walking toward the English encampment, Pierre. Why would they be doing that?”
“I don’t know. Let’s see if we can get close enough to hear their conversation.”
Suddenly one French noble stops again. “Did you hear anything?” he asks.
“No. I was just listening to you,” the other noble answers.
“It sounded as if it came from over there,” he says pointing in the direction of where Jehanne and Pierre are crouching.
“It’s nothing. Come on, we need to get this over with. My cousin is waiting.”
Within a few minutes the French nobles are sitting by a fire across from the English nobles, quietly talking. Covered with mud and branches, Jehanne and Pierre are able to position themselves where they can hear the conversation and not be seen.
Whispering, Pierre says, “They’re making plans for tomorrow’s battle, Jehanne.”
“I find it very amazing that enemies would be talking about a battle that will take place the next day.” Jehanne says with a smirk.
“Very funny… Jehanne! We both thought that this went on, now we have proof. For now though, let’s just continue to listen.”
After a while the voices of the nobles become even quieter, but Jehanne’s name can be heard once in a while.
Jehanne and Pierre begin to wonder what they are saying about her. They have heard enough of the plans for the upcoming battle, but decide not to confront the nobles as they follow them back to their tents. Jehanne and Pierre have decided to wait and see what happens in the morning.
Anxious for the next day, Jehanne and Pierre are up and ready before the light of day begins to shine on their camp. Wondering why their soldiers have not gathered for battle she rides up and asks one of the French nobles, “Where are my soldiers?”
“I gave them the day off.”
“What? You gave them the day off? What type of war is it when the nobles give their soldiers the day off? Are you finally going to do battle yourself?”
“No. I think that we’ll all take the day off….”
Angry, Jehanne turns her horse around and rides to the tents of her French brothers.
Facing the soldiers she says, “Today there is a battle…. Who will join me?”
“The nobles gave us the day off,” is the answer she is given over and over again.
Finally, Jehanne asks, “Tell me. Was there ever a day off when the English came and ravaged your villages?” Jehanne asks.
“Never…. But they won’t pay us if we go to battle.”
“Do you battle for the nobles or for yourselves?” she questions.
“We battle for the money that they pay us.”
Sitting straight and tall on her horse, Jehanne calmly states, “Let me tell you this. If we don’t battle the English today, they will rest. As a result, tomorrow the battle will be even more violent. They are tired now. You are stronger than they are. You can beat them today if you go to battle with me as your leader.”
“What about our money?”
“Every time that you go to battle there is a chance that you will not return. When you are dead, what good is money?”
“Money is of no use when we are dead.”
“Then I ask you once again to go with me into battle. DON’T FIGHT FOR MONEY. FIGHT FOR YOURSELVES. FIGHT FOR YOUR WIVES, YOUR CHILDREN, YOUR GOD, AND TO DRIVE THE ENGLISH OUT OF FRANCE!”
The truthfulness of Jehanne’s words finally resonates with each individual soldier. Cheers of “Jehanne…Jehanne…Jehanne,” can be heard for miles around.
Hearing the noise, the nobles wonder, “What’s that?”
Within a short time they watch Jehanne as she approaches them leading a full fighting battalion. As she rides by she points her sword at the French nobles and shouts, “WHEN THIS BATTLE IS OVER I WILL BE COMING FOR YOU TRAITORS! I SAW BOTH OF YOU IN THE FOREST LAST NIGHT TALKING TO THE ENGLISH!”
As soon as Jehanne passes, one French noble says to his companion, “She has got to be eliminated! She doesn’t know and refuses to learn, how this game is played. If I don’t do as the English tell me to do, when this is all over I won’t be able to have all the lands and castles that they have promised me.”
“Well, if anything is going to be done to stop her, I can tell you that none of your soldiers will do anything to harm or betray her. And I personally won’t hurt a woman,” the second noble states.
“I’ll do it then!” In a rage, the second French noble marches into his tent to put on his armor.
The battle goes well for the French Army. Approaching the castle, Jehanne slides from her horse on to a ladder and begins to climb, determined to be the first onto the castle grounds.
While fighting with an English soldier, Pierre sees the noble enter the battlefield riding his horse and clad in armor. “Well, wonders never cease, finally one of the nobles is coming to help us.” Finishing his sword fight Pierre turns to see where Jehanne is. Noticing that she is safely on the ladder, he also notices the French noble swinging a flail high above his head and riding in Jehanne’s direction.  Feeling a sick desperation in his soul as he realizes the noble’s intention, Pierre sprints a short distance through the battlefield to protect Jehanne, as the Noble continues to ride in her direction.  
As she nears the half way point on the ladder, the French noble rides by on his horse still swinging his flail; it hits her directly on her right jaw. Fortunately Jehanne is wearing her helmet. Unfortunately, the force of the blow knocks her out, causing her to fall to the ground. 
Pierre arrives just after Jehanne falls to the ground.  Aware of what has happened several of her soldiers circle around Pierre and Jehanne, protecting them from the English soldiers in the middle of battle.  Pierre picks her up and carries her to a safe place a short distance away.  He whistles for his horse and mounts it.  With the help of a few of her soldiers Jehanne is lifted up to Pierre’s arms as he sits on his horse.
Looking at the men that surrounded them as Jehanne was lifted to him, Pierre says, “Fight on my brothers. We will both be back as soon as we can. Be strong! Remember the cause you are fighting for and it will give you strength to continue on.”
“We will be strong, Pierre. Take care of Jehanne and we will encourage our brothers until you are back.”
“But hurry, Pierre,” another soldiers adds, “I don’t know how long they will fight without Jehanne here.”
“God willing, we will be back soon,” Pierre promises.
Riding to their tent he puts Jehanne on her bed, inwardly thinking, “I will take care of the French traitor, when Jehanne is recovered!”
The noble that hit Jehanne with a flail continues to ride away from the battle as a coward, not looking back to see the outcome of his deed. Finally making sure that he has not been followed, he returns to his tent.
“It’s done.” He says to the other French noble. “Did you see what I did?”
“No. I couldn’t watch. So I went inside our tent.”
“Look out on the battlefield. Do you see her standard?”
“I’m not going out there to look. I want no part of this deed.”
“For your information, with as hard as I hit her she should be dead. I’ll bet that the soldiers will be coming off the battlefield as soon as they notice that her standard isn’t flying among them.”

***

A short while later, Jon and Julia, Jacque and Isabelle, arrive at the battle support area of the French. Getting off their wagon they all begin walking through the small make-shift village next to the battlefield.
Julia notices that people are looking at her. Since she is an exact duplicate of Jehanne, the peasants begin to comment.
“I thought that Jehanne was in her tent.”
“I was told that she was taken off the battlefield by Pierre and is recuperating.”
“If she is all right, why is she walking around our village in those clothes while a battle is going on, rather than leading her soldiers?”
Hearing the comments, Julia pulls up the hood of her robe to hide her face.
A blacksmith who works for the French nobles is a friend of Jehanne’s family. He notices Jacque and Isabelle, as they are walking toward the soldier’s tents, “What are you doing here?” he asks.
“We are looking for, Jehanne,” Jacque responds to the Blacksmith’s question.
“She has been injured and is in her tent.”
“Would you please direct us to her tent?” Isabelle asks with concern.
“…Of course.” Pointing with his hammer he indicates the row of tents, and says “It is the biggest tent just to your right at the end of this road.”
“Thank you. It is good to see you,” Jacque says extending his hand to his friend.
“It’s always good to see you,” replies the Blacksmith.
Approaching the tent the Blacksmith had indicated, Jacque and Isabelle enter finding Pierre sitting by Jehanne’s bed side.
Shocked, Pierre stands up and says in amazement, “Jacque, Isabelle, how did you know?”
“We didn’t, Pierre.”
“What happened to Jehanne?” asks her mother.
“Jehanne was hit by a flail on the right side of her jaw bone and cheek. She had her helmet on, but she is unconscious.”
Julia and Jon have followed Jacque and Isabelle into the tent. Julia pushes her hood back onto her shoulders attracting attention as she does so. Pierre is shocked. Standing up, he says, “You look exactly like, Jehanne.”
“That is what I have been told,” she says matter-of-factly.
“We need your help,” Pierre pleads. “I know that Jehanne would want me to say this. The soldiers will leave the battlefield as soon as word reaches more of them, realizing that Jehanne is not by their side. You look exactly like her. Well, except for the color of your eyes and hair. But your hair can be covered up with a dark cloth and a helmet. No one will remember the color of her eyes. I wonder….”
Somewhat surprised at the implied suggestion, Julia asks, “You want me to be Jehanne?”
“Yes,” he says grateful that he didn’t need to argue or explain in detail. “I need you to put on, Jehanne’s armor, get on her horse and fly her standard throughout the battle. Don’t be frightened I’ll be by your side at all times.”
Placing his hand on her shoulder, Jon states, “maybe that’s why we’re here, Julia. If you decide to go, I will also be by your side.” Looking at Pierre, he says, “that is, if you get me a horse.”
“Julia will use Jehanne’s horse. Jean gave us an extra horse in case either one of us needed it. You can use that one. I’ll go and find you some armor, Jon.”
“Thank you.”
“The faster I am dressed the faster we can get out onto the battlefield,” Julia states, anxious to be of help.
“Isabelle, will you help her?” Jacque asks.
With Isabelle’s help Julia is soon dressed in Jehanne’s armor, ready to get on her horse.
As they start to ride away, Jacque suddenly says to Isabelle, “We should have told them that Pierre is actually Running Deer, the person they are looking for.”
“We’ll tell them when they return after the battle, Jacque.”
Riding by the French nobles, Julia doesn’t even look at them. But, Pierre stares directly at the French noble wanting to jump off of his horse and beat the arrogant smirk from his face. Instead, Pierre takes a firmer grip on his horse’s reins. Inwardly he is seething. In his mind he promises, “I will take care of you later,” as he passes by the noble whose flail hit, Jehanne.
…Surprised… the French noble comments “I don’t understand this. I hit her hard enough that she should never be able to ride again. Obviously, we will need to think of something else. We can’t continue to allow her to win these battles.” Watching them ride toward the fighting, he asks, “I know Pierre. But who is that other man riding with her?”
“I don’t know. We’ll have to find out.”
As, Julia rides onto the battlefield flying Jehanne’s standard, shouts of “Jehanne…Jehanne…Jehanne,” can be heard over and over again, as the French soldiers breathe in renewed strength pushing the English back once again.
After the battle is won, Julia, Jon and Pierre return to, Jehanne’s tent. Entering the tent and taking off his helmet, Pierre asks, “How is she?”
Isabelle answers with concern. “She is still asleep.”
“Has she been awake at all?”
“No. I can barely hear her breathe,” Isabelle states still concerned for her welfare.
Jacque looks over to Julia and asks, “How did everything go?”
“With, Jon and…do you know what? We have never been introduced?” Julia says as she looks toward Pierre.
Quickly Jacque says, “I tried to run out to tell you before you left for the battle, but I missed you. His name is, Pierre.”
“Hello Pierre, you are a wonderful soldier. I would love to learn your skills.”
“Thank you, Julia.”
Turning to, Jon, Julia says, “You did a great job also, Jon.”
“Why thank you, Julia. It’s been a while since I’ve been in a battle.”
While they are taking off their armor they look in the direction of, Jacque and Isabelle, noticing that both of them are smiling.
Jon comments, “Why are you smiling? Jehanne is still unconscious.”
“Yes, she is. And we are sad for that. It’s just that…” Isabelle takes a breath and then continues, “Jon and Julia. Pierre came to our home about two years ago and we have loved him since that day. He is Running Deer, the boy that you are looking for.”
Shocked, Jon and Julia look at, Pierre.
Pierre looks at Isabelle, wondering why she has just called him Running Deer. A name he hasn’t heard since the day she changed his name to Pierre as a way of fitting into their family and their society as a whole.
Looking at, Pierre, Julia walks over to him. “Pierre, would you look at these pictures please?” she says as she opens her locket.
Taking a few moments to look at the images, he says, “Yes, this is how I looked when I was very young. Why are there two pictures of me?”
Pointing to one picture, Julia says, “This is you. The other picture is of your brother, Gray Wolf.”
“Gray Wolf…Gray Wolf….” As he says the name, an image flashes in his mind.
Julia, explains, “Running Deer, your father has a mark of a star on his heart. When you and Gray Wolf were born, both of you had that same mark on your heart also. Your mother felt that you would be protected during the day by the sun, and during the night the mark of the star would show you the way.”
As, Julia is speaking to him, his mind begins to open. Multitudes of pictures of his family flood into his mind: Learning the Eagle dance from his father, dancing at tribal ceremonies, standing on a line in the ground that his father has drawn as he and his brother are taught how to shoot a bow and arrow; faces of his tribe, as his whole family is riding together on their father’s horse, watching his mother race her horse.
Thinking for a while he begins, “My mother’s name is, Snow Flower. My father’s name is, Blue Cloud.”
“Yes. You are correct.”
A sudden swell of emotion sweeps over Running Deer. Memories of being kidnapped by his uncle flood into his heart as he remembers watching the pain on his father’s face, as his brother is killed and he is carried off by his uncle.
“…My father and mother…. Where are they?”
“Do you remember what happened to you in the Hall of Corridors?”
Relaxing for a moment as he tries to remember, “The fish…. Gray Wolf was riding on the tail of that huge fish. The tail hit me. I fell back and for a while I was in a tunnel. I began to grow as I slowly moved in the tunnel. I could see a dim light through the walls but I couldn’t escape its hold on me. After a while I began to hear loud noises as I was pushed out of the tube, joining the pouring rain as it fell to the ground from the sky. I remember the brightness of the lightning, and the extremely loud booming sound of the thunder.”
“Running Deer, with Daniel’s help we found the portal that you were thrown into. In order to enter the exact dimension and area you were sent to, we had to wait a week. During that time, Daniel taught us languages and survival tactics.”
Jon adds, “Your mother and father sent us here to find you while they search for Grey Wolf.”
“It’s all very complicated, but we are here to take you home to your parents. Would you go with us?” Julia asks.
“What about Jehanne?” Running Deer states with a great deal of concern.
“We don’t need to leave now. We can wait until she recovers,” Jon answers.
Julia adds, “I’ll continue to take her place until she is completely healed. What should we call you?”
Relieved, Pierre answers her question. “While we are with, Jacque and Isabelle in France, I would like you to continue to call me, Pierre.”
“Pierre it is.”
“Where can we find a place to rest, Pierre? It’s been a very long day.”
Pierre considers, “I think that all of us should sleep in the same tent. That way no one will find out that, Julia is taking, Jehanne’s place.”
Agreeing, Julia says, “You are right, Pierre. We need to keep this all to ourselves.”
Isabelle quietly adds, “Don’t worry about, Jehanne. I will sleep by her side, just as I did when she was sick as a child.”
“Thank you, Isabelle. If you need any of us, be sure to wake us.”
“I will.”
Strangely, the crow of the rooster could not be heard as the morning dawns. The sounds of a horse walking swiftly toward their tent, awakens Pierre. “Quiet,” he warns as he puts his right index finger up to his lips.
Leaving the tent, pulling the door coverings closed behind him, Pierre comes face to face with a French messenger.
“Sir, I come from Compiegne. Jehanne has promised to protect our city. We have received word that soldiers from Burgundy allied with the English, along with English soldiers, are on their way to ravage our town. Can we count on Jehanne’s help?”
Pierre does not hesitate to answer. “If, Jehanne has pledged to protect you, then she will do so. Ride back and tell your commander to watch for our coming. We will be there soon.”
“Thank you, Sir. I will pass the word on to my superiors.”
“…God speed.”
“And to you… Sir….”
Somehow inside the tent, Jehanne hears the message given by the messenger and raises her head. “I’ve sworn to protect them. I have to go.” Falling back she is once again unconscious.
Pierre enters the tent with concern written on his face.
“What did she say?” Julia asks.
“Jehanne has sworn to protect Compiegne because of their loyalty to, King Charles VII. They rely on her protection from the Burgundians and the English,” Pierre answers.
“Then we have to go, Pierre,” Julia states.
“Julia, I don’t know if you should go,” he says with concern.
“How can I not go, Pierre? Am I not representing, Jehanne? If she has sworn to protect Compiegne, then we must go to their aid.”
“Julia, if you are sure that you want to go. I will make sure that we bring some of our soldiers with us.”
“That would be a good idea, Pierre.”
With their horses ready for the journey, Jon, Pierre, and Julia, along with two hundred other soldiers, quickly ride to Compiegne. Knowing that the city is surrounded by a forest of beautiful Oak trees, Pierre uses this to their advantage and enters Compiegne by way of its back entrance.
As the reinforcements enter their city, word of their arrival draws the occupants out of their houses, hurrying into the streets to proclaim their thankfulness. Lining up along both sides of a narrow road, the people of Compiegne learn that it is Jehanne who has come to help them, just as she had promised. Waving to each soldier as they ride past, smiles and tears can be seen as the town’s people show their sincere appreciation.
Once again the hearts of the people of Compiegne burn with renewed courage. With Jehanne’s help, they will be able to fight the great English army and their allies camped outside the city walls, across the Oise River. Since the river runs along the complete length of their city, until the battle begins, their guards will need to be very vigilant.
The Mayor of Compiegne walks out of his quarters as the parade of horses with their soldiers pass by. Pierre stops his men. The Mayor extends a greeting. “Jehanne, Pierre, we are so grateful that you are here.” Gesturing to the townspeople, the mayor asks, “Please take the soldiers into your homes. Make them comfortable. Feed them and take care of their horses. I will take, Jehanne and Pierre, with me.”
Pierre speaks up, “Would it be all right if Jon also comes with us?”
“…Of course.” Assigning some of his own men to care for their horses, the Mayor leads them to the highest tower of their city. “I hope that you don’t mind if we look at the location of the enemy forces across the river before we find you something to eat. I thought that over dinner we could talk about some strategies.”
“That would be an excellent idea. We have no time to waste,” Pierre states.
As they get to the top of the tower, the Mayor points out the scene before them. “There are fires all along the shore. They stretch as far as the eye can see. From what my spies have found out the English, the Flemings, the Burgundians and the Picardies have come against us. Their goal is for us to become a part of their alliance. They have told us that if we do not become allied to England, everyone seven years and older will be put to the sword when they take our city.”
“We are here. Have faith. God will deliver this city,” Julia promises, as Pierre and Jon look at her in amazement.
Pierre marvels at what he has just heard. “That sounded just like, Jehanne,” he says to himself.
The Mayor states, “Let’s go eat, and talk over some strategy. We don’t want to leave everything to God. He has too much to do.”
During dinner the Mayor states, “The one thing that we do have in our favor, is that the supply lines for our enemies are fifteen miles away. It will slow them down when they run out of anything.”
“Who is giving the orders to their army?” Julia asks.
“That’s a good question, Jehanne. To my knowledge it is, John of Luxembourg.”
“He is ruthless. He always does what he says he is going to do,” Pierre adds to the discussion.
“He’s not going to kill all of my friends in Compiegne. They have sworn their allegiance to Charles VII,” Julia confidently states.
“That is why we have asked for your help, Jehanne.”
“Would you mind if we all get a good night’s sleep? After mass in the morning I will have a plan ready for you,” she says with confidence.
“That sounds good to me, Jehanne. In the morning then…. come let me show you to your rooms.”
The bells are heard slowly ringing in the crisp, clear morning air.
“Jehanne always loved the sound of bells in the morning. She was always the first one up and out the door to go to morning mass,” Pierre comments.
“I guess we had better get up then,” Jon said tapping, Julia on her shoulder.
Eating breakfast as quickly as possible without appearing rude Julia, Jon and Pierre, walk to the chapel. Julia informs them, “I have a plan. It’s like Jehanne was talking to me throughout the night. She or her angels gave me a plan. I’ll tell you after Mass.”
Surprised, Pierre says, “You are acting more like Jehanne everyday Julia.”
In the chapel, Julia confessed and communicated. She stands by a pillar and begins talking to several townspeople. Children gather around her as she asks, “Please pray for me. They have sold and betrayed me.”
“Across the hall, Jon and Pierre watch Julia interact with the citizens of Compiegne. “Look over there, Jon. Julia is speaking to the townspeople. I wonder what she is saying.”
“I don’t know. She has a concerned look on her face.”
“Do you mind if we go to the parapet walkway and get another look at the enemy encampments across the Oise?” Jon asks as Julia walks over to them.
“That sounds like a good idea. That river is quite wide.”
“With the light of day we can get a better look at the numbers of troops that they have,” Pierre adds.
A short while later as she has studied the enemy, Julia expresses, “Jon and Pierre there are so many of them; we will have to take them by surprise.” Looking toward the city Julia asks, “If you don’t mind, I’m going to go to the Priest and get a blessing from him.”
“That would be fine. Jon and I will stay here and continue to watch what is happening over there,” Pierre states as he continues to survey the enemy encampments.
A short while later Julia walks back up to the parapet and over to, Jon and Pierre. “Let’s go and get some lunch. We have a war to fight and we need energy to win it.”
Pierre looks at her and says, “Julia, usually the battles start in the morning. It will be close to four in the afternoon by the time we finish eating.”
“Then they won’t be expecting us, will they?”
“Tell everyone to eat. And then to meet at the front gates ready for battle.”
Soon lunch is finished and everyone is waiting for Jehanne at the front gates.
After Julia arrives she talks to Pierre. “I know that I’m not the real, Jehanne, Pierre, but I feel that I need to say something to the men before we begin. Is that all right?”
“Everyone here feels that you are Jehanne. Play the part, Julia. You are becoming her in spirit.”
Smiling at Pierre, Julia begins talking to her troops and the soldiers of Compiegne.
“I know that as you have looked across the shores of the Oise River that you have been concerned with the amount of soldiers that wait to do you harm. I wish to remind you that for every sword that they brandish, you will have the same strength with your sword. The difference is that they fight to take your city, something that does not belong to them. …You fight to be able to keep your allegiance to King Charles VII. You fight to keep your families safe from the terror that the English and their allies will bring. And you fight to keep Compiegne! Never let your fear keep you from defending what is truly yours. With enemies such as these we must fight with all our might to keep our freedom and to keep all things that we hold dear. …Brothers, carry within your hearts all of these reasons, but in your mind stay focused on the enemy that you are fighting with. All of this will give you courage to continue, no matter what happens. Our enemies will not be ready to fight so late in the day. Be of courage, and know that we are led by God.”
Looking up at the guards, she yells, “OPEN THE GATES!”
At the head of her troops with, Jon and Pierre close by her side, Julia storms across the bridge leading her troops into battle.
As Julia had predicted the enemy troops on the opposite shore are caught unprepared. Julia rides through the encampment of the Picardies, who scatter to the English and Burgundian encampments, warning them of the attack. Julia continues to lead her men through to the Fleming encampment while the other enemy camps desperately try to pull their forces together. As the fight rages on between the French and the Fleming forces, the English and the Burgundians finally come at her ready to do battle.
With more and more enemy troops now ready to fight, Pierre realizes that they are horribly out numbered.
“…Retreat! Jehanne, Retreat!”
“…My brothers. Retreat!” she yells. Her troops ride back across the bridge to Compiegne as Julia, Pierre and Jon continue to fight, guarding the troops retreat. Once the troops have entered Compiegne, thinking that everyone is back in the city, a command is heard. “CLOSE THE GATES. CLOSE THE GATES.”
Safe within the city the soldiers look for Jehanne’s standard.
“Where is Jehanne?”
“She was guarding our retreat…. I thought that she was right behind us.”
Her standard could not be found within the city walls.
“Have you seen Pierre, or Jon?”
“No. I don’t see them either.”
Fear grabs their hearts. Jehanne is not within the city; their great commander cannot be found.
“Run up to the parapet and see if she is outside the walls.” 
Several soldiers run up to the walkway to look over the stone walls.
“Who gave the order to close the gates?”
“There they are,” one of the soldiers yells from the parapet walkway, pointing his index finger in their direction.
“We must save them. We’ve got to save Jehanne.”
“It’s like ants coming to a feast, there are too many of the enemy, they are surrounded.”
At the same time many of her soldiers are trying to let the gate keepers know that Jehanne is not with them, that they must open the gates.
“Open the gates, Jehanne isn’t with us.”
“I’m sure that I heard her voice asking me to close the gate.” Quickly looking out the small windows by the front gate, the gate keeper sees what the other soldiers have seen from the parapet walkway.
“She is surrounded; all three of them have no chance. We can’t even shoot our arrows into the enemy for fear of hitting our fearless commander.”
With their own escape cut off, Pierre, Jon and Julia continue to fight, knowing that their soldiers are safe.
Seeing the quandary that Jehanne is in, the English send in the Burgundians, once allied with the French, but now allied with the English, who forcibly separate, Jon and Pierre, from Julia, who they think is Jehanne. Their Captain yells pointing his sword at her, “SURRENDER, JEHANNE!” Looking directly at him, she yells, “I WON’T SURRENDER TO YOU, YOU TRAITOR!” as she raises her sword to him.
All of the soldiers with him suddenly raise their swords. Hundreds of swords raised and ready to do battle. Their Captain yells, “WE HAVE ALLOWED THE MAJORITY OF YOUR SOLDIERS TO RIDE BACK ACROSS THE DRAW BRIDGE. THEY ARE NOW SAFELY INSIDE COMPIEGNE. YOU ONLY HAVE TWO LEFT HERE WITH YOU. IF YOU SURRENDER, THEY WILL BE SET FREE AND WE WILL ALLOW THEM SAFE PASSAGE HOME. IF YOU DON’T SURRENDER THEY WILL DIE, HERE AND NOW! It’s your decision, Jehanne.”
Jon yells, “JEHANNE SHEATH YOUR SWORD. PUT IT DOWN, JEHANNE. THERE ARE TOO MANY OF THEM.”
Dark, overhanging clouds burst forth and torrents of rain begin to pour down upon them. As the rain hits her face, she yells back to the captain, “IF YOU WILL LET ME TALK TO MY COMPANIONS AND IF YOU LET THEM GO PEACEFULLY, I’LL GO WITH YOU. IF YOU WILL DO THIS, THERE WON’T BE ANY TROUBLE.”
“You can talk to your companions. But remember Jehanne, if there is any trouble, even the slightest amount of trouble, your companions WILL DIE!”
With determination as she looks directly at him, “I understand,” she says quietly.
Jon and Pierre are led to Julia. Unable to calm their excited horses, they dismount so that they will be able to speak to each other. “I need you to leave here. I need you to leave me with them,” Julia quietly says to them.
“We can’t leave you!” Pierre vehemently declares.
“Why would you ask us to do this?” Jon questions, as he remembers the pain of having to be parted from her before.
“I want both of you to be safe. If you are safe Jon, then I can continue to live. If something ever happened to you, I wouldn’t care if I lived or died. You must promise me that if something does happen to me that you will get this young man back to his parents. That’s why we came to this dimension in the first place, isn’t it?”
“I don’t know if I can do this or not. Not again, Julia!” Jon reluctantly says as tears fill his eyes.
Pierre adds, “Julia, I am the one that asked you to take, Jehanne’s place. I am responsible for what has happened. I told you that I would protect you. How can I do that if I leave?”
“I think Pierre, that if you look around,” gesturing with her hand toward all the soldiers waiting for their decision, “there are three of us left, and hundreds of enemy soldiers surrounding us. We are a bit out numbered.” She adds quietly with pleading eyes, “I need both of you to go back. I need you to take care of our friend. That person is more important than any of us.”
Knowing her words to be true, reluctantly Jon and Pierre mount their horses, leaving Julia with the Burgundy soldiers.
Realizing that Julia’s safety depends upon their quick return, Jon and Pierre ride quickly back to tell Jehanne, Jacque and Isabelle what has happened. They stop only once…at the top of the first ridge to look back and hopefully see what is happening with Julia. They can see the Dapple Gray ‘Rouncey’, with Julia on its back, in the middle of hundreds of the soldiers from Burgundy.  Apparently they were given the responsibility to take their prisoner to those who had paid for her capture, while the soldiers continued their fight to take Compiegne.
Riding back to their tent after Julia has been captured, seems to take forever. Finally arriving, Jon and Pierre quickly dismount their horses running toward the tent doorway. Isabelle has heard them return and meets them at the doorway.
“She woke up yesterday, Pierre. Jehanne is awake!” She says with excitement. Looking at Jon she continues, “When she woke up, Jon, I told her everything. I told her how Julia has been taking her place so that the soldiers would continue to fight.”
“Jehanne, this is wonderful. I’m so glad that you are finally awake,” Pierre says as he sits next to her on her bed.
“Father and Mother, have been telling me how Julia looks so much like me. I never thought that could ever be possible, Pierre.” She looks toward Jon. Seeing the blank look in her eyes, Pierre explains, “This is Jon. Julia and Jon arrived here with Jacque and Isabelle.”
Smiling, she greets him, “Hello, Jon. I am glad to meet you.” Looking around anxiously, Jehanne asks, “Where is she? I want to see this woman….”
There is no answer coming from either Pierre or Jon. Their pain prevents them from telling her the truth.
Feeling something is wrong, Jacque walks to the tent door and asks, “Why are there only two horses? My Dapple Gray ‘Rouncey’ is not here.”
Isabelle walks over to the tent door and confirms what Jacque has just said, “Yes, there are only two horses. Where is Julia?”
The look on the faces of Jon and Pierre reflect extreme sadness. Jehanne senses something horrible has happened. Sitting up as straight as she can, she grabs Pierre’s shoulder, “Tell me, Pierre. Where is, Julia?”
“There were too many of them to fight. We told our soldiers to retreat and they rode back toward the walls of Compiegne. Jon, Julia and I continued to fight, so that our soldiers could make it across the bridge. As soon as they were safe, we were about to cross the bridge ourselves when we heard the command to close the gates. That’s when we realized that our means of escape no longer existed.”
“That’s when they took, Julia prisoner,” Jon added.
“Who took her prisoner?” Jehanne questions shocked at the knowledge of Julia being held by the enemy.
Pierre answers her question, “The soldiers of Burgundy…. When we were at Compiegne, Julia led your troops through encampments of Picardies and Flemings. When we had no escape, the Burgundians separated me and Jon from Julia. That’s when they demanded her surrender.”
“You went to Compiegne?”
“Yes, I remembered that you pledged your support to them whenever they were under siege from the English. They asked for our help and we went, taking Julia as your substitute.”
“I am grateful that you kept my word for me when I wasn’t able to do so.”
Jon begins to speak, “Jehanne, what do you think that we should do?”
“First of all, they will not harm her. To have, Jehanne as a hostage is one of the greatest possessions any army could have.” Looking at Pierre she asks, “Do you know why the soldiers from Burgundy were given the pleasure of capturing the great French Commander Jehanne?”
“What do you mean?”
“Do you remember the name of the gate when we entered Orleans, after we took that city back from the English?”
Looking at Jehanne, a smile comes on Pierre’s face, “Of course I do. It was the Burgundian Gate.
“Yes, they wanted to make a point to me and to the French.”
“Speaking about making a point, are we going to take an army with us?”
“No. That is what they will expect.”
“How are we going to get her back if we don’t take an army?”
“We’re not going to get her back.”
Confused, Jon blurts out, “WHAT DO YOU MEAN, JEHANNE? JULIA IS A PRISONER. WE NEED TO RESCUE HER.”
Looking directly at Jon with sympathetic eyes, Jehanne simply says, “You, Pierre and I will be the only ones….”
“Are you crazy?” Jon questions.
“I’ve been called that many times in my life. My plan, Jon, is to exchange places with her.”
“Why exchange places, Jehanne?”
“Because there will be too many soldiers around her. If we take an army in, many more of my French soldiers, my French brothers, will be killed. I couldn’t live with that. Please, eat. Go and sleep. We will get to where she is as quickly as we can.”
While Jon is sleeping, he is awakened by a beeping sound coming from his arm. “The bracelet that Daniel gave to all of us,” he says to himself. He quickly pushes up his shirt sleeve. He sees a picture of Julia, “Jon, she says quietly, they’ve taken me to Beaulieu. They’ve put me in a tower of a castle in Beaulieu.”
“How are you?”
“I’m fine.”
“How is, Jehanne?” Julia asks.
“Jehanne is awake. We’ll leave at first light.”
“I will watch for your arrival, Jon. I suggest you bring a lot of soldiers with you. I am surrounded by guards all of the time.”
“We’ll be there as soon as we can, Julia. Please be careful.”
“I will. See you soon.”
At first light, Jon, Jehanne and Pierre begin their journey to find, Julia. “We will need to be careful. Compiegne still has a lot of English and Burgundy soldiers surrounding it.”
“She’s not by Compiegne, Jehanne. She’s in Beaulieu.”
“How do you know this, Jon?”
“Before we came to your dimension to look for, Running Deer, we were given bracelets through which we can communicate. Julia talked to me through this device last night. She told me where they had taken her.”
“What did she say?”
“She said that they have taken her to Beaulieu that she is in a tower there.”
“Can you talk to her through that device now?”
“I can. But the noise would alert her guards that she has a communication device and they would take it away from her. I would rather wait for her to call me.”
“You are very wise, Jon. We will ride to Beaulieu then.”
On their way to rescue Julia, they begin sleeping during the day, and traveling by night.
Days later, Jon expresses, “Your suggestion to travel by night, and sleep during the day is wonderful, Jehanne. We have seen very few enemy soldiers so far.”
“Actually, Pierre taught me how to use this to our advantage.  This is what we would do when we went ahead of our troops to survey land that we knew we were going to have to fight on.”
With a smile on his face Pierre comments, “I remembered this technique from the stories that my father would tell my family.  This is how he and his tribal brothers would be able to get around their enemies and connect with other family members beyond the enemy border.”
“Your father is very smart. I hope that we will be able to rescue Julia this way, I can’t bear the thought of anything ever happening to her.” 
“Don’t worry Jon, Julia will be safe.  She will be with you again.”

***

In Beaulieu, Julia continues her imprisonment in the tower. Knowing that Jon is on his way to help her escape, Julia surveys the tower she is being held in. Above her is an open window, tall and skinny, yet too far above her head to escape from. Pushing on the rocks that make up the wall, she finds that none of them are loose. She turns her attention to the wooden wall across from her. “The boards…. Why do they have boards across one side of my room when all of the other walls are made out of rock?”
Walking over to the boards, she can see that they have been thrown up quite haphazardly with bigger gaps in some places. “They must have thought that I was a lot bigger than I am, because I think that even though this gap is small, I’ll be able to squeeze through it.” Quietly, Julia lifts her right leg over one board set at an angle. Next she leans back and slides her head and body through, finally lifting her left leg up and over the board. Grateful to be free she says, “Now to get out of here.”
Down the hallway, she can hear the voices of guards laughing, and playing card games. “It won’t be long before they notice I am missing. I must find some way to block their door to prevent them from getting out.”
Finding a board that is just the right size, Julia wedges it perfectly against the door so that it cannot to be opened from the inside. “This is too good to be true. They’re trapped.” As she turns to run down the stairs, she runs smack dab into another guard standing just behind her. Taking a step back she looks up at him and says, “My goodness, you’re big.”
Grabbing her shoulder, he says, “I’m big enough that I can hold you with one hand.”
Hitting him as hard as she can, he patiently picks her up with one of his strong arms and holds her dangling to his side. Moving the carefully placed board from the guard’s door, looking into their room, he asks, “Have you lost anything?”
“No. Why do you ask?”
“Look at what I found out in the hall!” he states as he swings Julia, thinking that she is Jehanne, into their room.
Jumping up, the guards hurry to take control of their prisoner once again. “What are you trying to do, make us look bad?”
“It is up to your superior as to what he thinks that you look like. But I would imagine that if five guards as big as you are can’t keep watch of a small woman, and keep her in her place, then if I were your superior I might not think too highly of you,” Julia quips.
Still holding her off the floor with one arm, while her arms and legs are flailing about trying to force him into putting her down, the huge guard says, “She makes a lot of sense. I’m going to take her to John of Luxembourg. He is one of the most important commanders that we have. He is the one who captured Jehanne in the first place.”
“Well now, wouldn’t that be wonderful? There are a few things that I would like to talk to him about,” she snaps.
“My commander doesn’t talk to prisoners, Jehanne,” the huge guard says as a matter of fact.
When Luxembourg is told how Jehanne escaped from her room while her guards were playing cards, he is furious. “We will take her to Beaurevoir, my residence in Picardie. I’ve just recently reinforced it with high walls, great towers, and a very deep moat. Let her try to escape from there!”
Arriving at Picardie, they cross the drawbridge as the huge gates of Beaurevoir open to let them enter the castle grounds. Julia constantly looks at her surroundings trying to see a weakness so that she can attempt another escape. Walking up the tower stairs she is left alone in her room. Listening intently to detect footsteps walking back in her direction, she decides she might only have this one opportunity to contact Jon. “I’ve got to tell Jon that they have moved me.”
Before she is able to connect with Jon, there is a knock on the door and three women enter the room.
“Jehanne we wanted to introduce ourselves to you.”
“Come in ladies. Who are you?”
“I am John of Luxembourg’s wife, Jeanne de Bethune, Viscountess of Meaux.”
Jehanne stands up and says, “I’m glad to meet you. And who are these other women?”
Turning to her right, the Viscountess holds out her arm to an elderly woman standing at her side. “This is my husband’s aunt, Jeanne of Luxembourg.”
“I’m so glad to meet you, Madame.”
The older woman compliments Jehanne, “I’ve heard so much about you Jehanne. I would never have imagined that a woman would be able to accomplish everything that you have.”
“Thank you, Madame. I could never have accomplished anything without the help of our Lord and Redeemer.”
“Everyone counts on His help, Jehanne, this I am sure.”
The Viscountess then turns to a younger woman. “Jehanne, this is my daughter Jeanne. She was named after me and her aunt.”
“This is amazing ladies,” she smiles, “I’ve never been in a room with three women that have the same name.”
“Yes, it’s quite funny. When anyone calls ‘Jeanne’ we all turn to see who they are talking to. To make it easier for you if you don’t mind, why don’t you call me Viscountess, my aunt, Auntie, and my daughter you could just call Jeanne. That way we can all keep track of who you would like to talk to.”
“That sounds like a great solution, ladies.”
“Jehanne, since we all live here at Beaurevoir, we were thinking that we would like to invite you to walk in the garden with us each day. Would you like to do that with us?”
“They will let me go for a walk? I can leave this tower?” Julia questions with surprise.
“Oh, yes. There are so many guards here and the walls are so tall, you’d never be able to escape. My husband has made our home so that no one could enter, or for that matter, leave. He has thought of everything.”
“I would love to walk in the garden. Since my capture I haven’t seen too much of the sun, and I love the flowers that you have here.”
Looking at Julia, Auntie asks, “Maybe you’d like to take that hat off and let your hair have some air?”
Knowing that everyone is aware of Jehanne’s beautiful black hair, Julia doesn’t want to raise questions by letting her blonde hair show. “I’ll think about it, ladies. But for now if you don’t mind, I’ll wear it.”
“Would you like us to bring you a dress so that you will look more like a lady?”
“Thank you for your concern. For now I’ll wear the clothes that I have on.”
“That’s fine. Maybe in time we will be able to talk you into looking more like a woman.”
“Thank you for your concern, ladies. I would like to see your garden though.”
“We’re happy to hear that. Would it be all right if we called for you tomorrow?”
“I would love to….Until tomorrow then.”
After the ladies leave, the Sun trades places with the Moon shedding light onto the grounds of the castle. Silence begins to surround Julia as she finds herself listening for sounds outside her door. She decides it’s time to make contact with Jon. Tapping on her bracelet the connection is made.
“Jon.”
“Yes Julia, where are you? We went to Beaulieu, and the talk of the town is that they moved you.”
“They are right, Jon. I tried to escape but was caught.”
“You knew that we were coming. Why did you try to escape?”
“I felt that there might be a chance that I could get free. If I did you wouldn’t have to fight any soldiers.”
“You’re all right though, aren’t you?”
“Yes, I’m fine. They moved me to Picardie. I’m in a tower in John of Luxembourg’s castle, Beaurevoir.”
“Then, we’ll come there.”
“The castle is massive, Jon. The walls are very tall and there is a huge moat all around it. I don’t see how even the largest army of France could rescue me.”
“You don’t need to worry about that, Julia,” Jon says as he looks at Jehanne and Pierre.
“What do you mean by that, Jon?”
“I just meant, don’t worry. We’ll get you out.”
“Wait until I call you again, Jon. There are two ladies here that want to take me for a walk in the garden. I’ll see if it is around the same time each day. I couldn’t believe it, Jon… these ladies are trying to talk me into wearing dresses.”
“Just stay in the same clothes that you have on, Julia. I’ll explain later.”
“I’m sure there are soldiers everywhere, Jon.”
“It will take us a few days to get there anyway.”
“Be careful, Jon. I would hate to have something happen to you!”
“See you soon Julia.”
After ending their conversation, Jon and Julia, sit in silence savoring the sound of each other’s voice. The words spoken to each other continue to repeat over and over in their minds bringing comfort, along with the possibility that one day soon, they would be together again.



Chapter 8


Jon hears his conversation device ring once again. Hoping that it is Julia again, he quickly answers. Shocked, at the sound of a low male voice on the other end, he quickly looks at the visual. “Blue Cloud, how is everything going with you and Snow Flower?”
“We arrived at our destination one day ago,” Blue Cloud announced. “I wanted to tell you, that the blanket that Daniel put in our bag is wonderful! It makes you invisible.”
“Invisible?”
“Yes. When we get back, I’ll tell you how Snow Flower and I found out what it does. It was quite funny.”
“What a great gift. I am sure that it will come in handy with the situation that we find ourselves in.”
“What is the matter?” Blue Cloud asks.
“Nothing…now…we have found, Running Deer. If everything goes as planned we will be on our way back to the portal in a few days.”
“You found our son? May I see him?”
“Of course, Blue Cloud…Pierre will you come over here?”
“Pierre? Who is Pierre?”
“That is the name that, Running Deer is using in this dimension.”
“Oh. What a strange name.”
Pierre cautiously walks over to Jon. “Pierre, this is your father, Blue Cloud. He would like to talk to you. Are you willing to do that?”
“Of course…” Pierre says softly, wondering if this is really happening.
Seeing the visual of his son, Blue Cloud is overcome with emotion, “My Son. You have grown into a young man.”
Looking at the picture of his father, Pierre is taken back. “You look a lot like I do, Father.”
“Yes, we look a lot alike. …I know that our time is short, but I just wanted to let you know that I look forward to seeing you. Wait a minute….” Blue Cloud smiles as he looks at Snow Flower. “Your mother is pulling on my sleeve. She wants to talk to you also.”
“…My Mother?”
“Yes, Running Deer. Here is Snow Flower, your Mother.”
Anxiously grabbing the communication device from her husband, Snow Flower asks, “How have you been, Running Deer? Have you been taking care of yourself?”
“…Mother?”
“Yes, Running Deer. How have you been my darling son?”
“Mother, you are so beautiful. You look a lot like Jehanne also.”
“Who is, Jehanne, Running Deer?”
“She is a great French Commander. I have been fighting the English by her side.”
“She sounds like a wonderful person.”
“Yes, it was Jehanne and her family who took care of me when I first arrived here.”
Daniel breaks in. “I can hear your conversation in the Security Room. I’m sorry to interrupt. But I wanted you to know that you can each use your own communication device. The pictures, along with the voices will stream over through all the communication devices. Blue Cloud, if you will take Snow Flower’s device off of her arm, while she is using yours, you’ll all be able to see and talk to each other all at once.”
“Thank you, Daniel. Did you hear that, Jon?”
“I did.”
“Mother and Father, I would like to introduce you to, Jehanne. She and her family are very special to me.”
As Jehanne walks over to Running Deer, both Blue Cloud and Snow Flower can see Jehanne’s face. “I am glad to meet you, Jehanne,” his mother says with a quiet, shocked tone in her voice.
“You are right, Running Deer. Jehanne and your mother look a lot alike,” Blue Cloud agrees.
“You are Pierre’s parents?” Jehanne questions as she looks at their visuals.
“Yes,” they both answer.
“I am honored to meet you,” she says.
“Thank you for taking care of our son,” Snow Flower gratefully acknowledges.
“It has been our privilege. He is a great warrior and a wonderful person.”
Blue Cloud interrupts, “I just noticed a ship sailing toward us. The pirates are arriving back at the island. We will have to continue our conversation another day, so that we can hide.”
“Until that day arrives, Sir,” Jehanne says as the conversation is ended. She hands the amazing device back to Pierre, who then hands it to, Jon.
“Thank you for telling me about the invisible blanket, Blue Cloud. Have you had a chance to use anything else that Daniel provided for our use?”
“Not yet…I’m sorry, but we have to go before the pirates hear us.”
“Tell Snow Flower ‘good bye’ for me. We will talk again soon.”
“Good bye, Jon. Bring our son home safely.”
“We will.”
“What a miraculous device,” Jehanne states with wonderment in her eyes.
With extremely wide eyes, Pierre asks, “What is a pirate?”
Jehanne answers, “Oh, that’s just a thief that uses a ship on the water, rather than a horse, to steal your possessions….”
“…Really? I hope Blue Cloud and Snow Flower will be all right.”
“Daniel taught us about the cultures of the different dimensions that we were going into. He taught us the languages, the attitudes of the people and most importantly, he taught us how to defend ourselves. They will be fine, Pierre. We will all return to the Beach House, and to Daniel,” Jon assures him.
“Our biggest concern right now is, Julia. We need to continue on our way,” Jehanne says, trying to bring the attention back to their present situation.
“You’re right, Jehanne. “Getting back to, Julia, do you know anything about Picardie?”
“Yes, it’s beautiful.”
“And…what about the Luxembourg Castle, do you know anything about it?”
“She’s correct when describing it as highly fortified.”
“If that’s the case how are we going to free, Julia?”
“Don’t worry, Jon my angels will help me.”
For the rest of the night all that Jon can think of is, Julia. When he met her again at the Beach House, he had told her that he never wanted to be parted from her again. Would there be a way to free her? How could this be done with just three people going against hundreds of enemy soldiers? Questions continue to come to his mind throughout the night and into the early morning.
As the sun begins to rise in the sky, Julia looks forward to being able to walk in the garden and to feel its warm rays on her face.
Finally the time has arrived with a knock on the heavy wooden door, “Jehanne, are you ready?”
“I am ladies,” she says, eager to escape the confinement of the stone walls.
Walking through the gardens with her new found friends, she rarely speaks. Julia thoughtfully listens to the news they are discussing concerning the continued war between the English and the French.
“Since we took you prisoner, Jehanne, the English have been winning their battles again. They have been taking back the lands from the French that you had won. What were you thinking being a woman and going onto the battlefield with all those men?”
Not answering the question quickly enough, Auntie answers for her.
“There have probably been so many French men killed, that we may perhaps see other French women taking the place of their men on the battlefield. Is that right, Jehanne?”
Looking at them she smiles.
“She is smiling. That probably means the French are short of men, and the women are needed to take their place.”
“The sun feels so good and the flowers are beautiful, ladies. I can’t thank you enough for this opportunity to walk amongst such beauty. I hope that we will be able to do this again tomorrow.” Jehanne expresses trying to change the subject.
“As do we, Jehanne,” they all chorus.
“Good. Do you mind if we walk a little longer tomorrow?”
“What a wonderful idea, Jehanne, we will come at the same time. So be ready all right?”
“I don’t think that I am going anywhere Ladies. You can be sure that I will be ready.”
Looking at each other the ladies excitedly state, “Just think, we have the pleasure of walking with the famous French Commander, Jehanne d’ Arc.”
“Yes. And to think she is here in our home!”
Julia quietly hides a smile as she listens to their conversation and wonders what they would say if they knew that she was not the real, Jehanne. That she was not the famous French Commander after all.

***

Jon, Pierre and Jehanne, finally arrive in Picardie, and make their way to the Castle Beaurevoir. Scouting out the area, they are surprised at the deepness of the moat and the amount of water that fills it. The rock wall that surrounds the castle seems to touch the sky.
“If those rocks ever fell to the ground they would crush whoever they fell on.”
“I wonder where they got those boulders and how they got them way up there.”
“Jehanne, how are we going to get in there?”
“My angels will let me know how to rescue Julia. I won’t leave her in this dangerous situation.”
Later, they walk slowly among the common people listening to all the gossip about the famous Jehanne, now being held at the Castle.
“I know that it’s Jehanne, I saw her. She’s still wearing men’s clothing,” one of the town’s residents says.
“I’ve heard that she goes for walks everyday in the garden, with Luxembourg’s wife, daughter and Aunt,” another says.
Walking away from the crowd, Jon says to Jehanne and Pierre, “Did you hear that? She does go for a walk everyday in the garden just as, Julia said.”
Standing with his hands on his hips, Jon shakes his head as he looks back at the castle. “How are we supposed to get through the moat?”
“Not to mention scaling the high walls!” finishes Pierre.
Jehanne smiles smugly and answers them both, “We’ll walk right through the gate and onto the castle grounds.”
Looking at her strangely, Jon asks, “And how do you suppose that we are going to be able to do that?”
“Every day they have gardeners that go to weed the garden. We’ll go in their stead.”
“Jehanne, you are the expert. You make all the arrangements and then tell us what to do,” Pierre states.
“I will. Just be ready tomorrow…. It will happen tomorrow,” she says with confidence.
Later in the evening, Jon is sitting alone in their room mentally urging Julia to call, “Julia, call me. Julia, call me from your bracelet. We need to let you know that tomorrow is the day. Call me, Julia. Call me, please.”
As if Julia has heard his silent pleading, the bracelet begins to beep. “Julia, I was hoping that you would call. It’s going to happen tomorrow, Julia. Tomorrow,” Jon nearly shouts with relief as he hears her voice.
“What is going to happen?” She calmly inquires.
“We’re coming for you.”
“How many men do you have with you?”
“All you need to know is that we will be in the garden. Watch for us. Wear the clothes that you were captured in. Just be ready for anything, Julia.”
“I will. Tell all of the men to be careful. I don’t want anyone to die because of me.”
“We’ll be careful, Julia. See you tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow, Jon.”
As Julia lies down to rest, her thoughts about what might happen tomorrow continue to surface. “How are they going to do this? Will hundreds of soldiers climb the walls? Will they break down the draw bridge? The saddest thing is that the beautiful garden will probably be ruined. I just don’t want anyone to die to save my life. I didn’t even ask Jon how Jehanne was doing. Is she still awake? Has she completely recuperated yet? Will she be leading her soldiers to rescue me? There’s too much to think about. I will find out what the answers to my questions are tomorrow when they rescue me. I’ve got to get some sleep so that I will be ready.”
Later the next day, Pierre and Jon are amazed when they find themselves on the castle grounds weeding the garden with Jehanne.
“Your comment to the guard at the gate about the cloak that I was wearing, and how it covered my head, was genius, Pierre.”
“What makes you say that, Jehanne?”
“Just that you said my head had to be covered because my skin was sensitive to the sun! I didn’t know what to say when he said that no hoods were allowed. It was pure genius on your part.”
“I’ve learned from you, Jehanne.”
Looking at each other their smiles reflect their total commitment, bonding their hearts together as one.
“Jehanne, do you remember when you were riding the sheep?”
“I do. And do you remember how you rode the sheep and landed in the mud puddle, Pierre?”
“Yes. That was a fun day wasn’t it?”
“It was, Pierre. And I remember the wonderful evenings by the fire playing our war board games; and how day after day you taught me how to use a sword. I will always be grateful Pierre for all that you have done for me.”
“You talk like this is going to be our last day together, Jehanne.”
“One never knows what the next day will bring. We can only trust in God, and in his love for us. Whatever comes, whether it is good or bad, we know that it is a gift from Him. What we need to learn is that we must stand for righteousness. If we turn to Him for strength and understanding, our experiences will make us strong enough to be able to return and live with Him.”
“You are always so wise, Jehanne. That’s one of the many things that I have always loved about you.” Noticing some movement to his left, Pierre quietly says, “Look over there. It’s Julia with those women.”
“Pierre, I need you to create a diversion with the wheelbarrow as soon as you see that Julia walks closer to me,” Jehanne quietly states as she moves slowly to Jon’s side and continues to weed around the flowers.
Julia walks closer and closer to where Jon and Jehanne are weeding; Pierre’s wheelbarrow falls over dumping the dirt and weeds out onto the walkway, next to where the ladies are walking.
“How did that happen?” he says looking at the women with an embarrassed look. “Oh my ladies, please forgive me. I hope that I didn’t get any dirt on your beautiful dresses.”
At that same moment a loud sound is heard outside of the front castle walls. The guards that have been keeping their eyes on who they think is Jehanne, go to investigate what caused the sound.
Knowing the guards will take care of the sound, the ladies turn to respond to Pierre. With their complete attention on this handsome young man, Jehanne quickly and quietly stands up behind them sliding off the cloak she had been wearing, allowing it to fall to the ground near Jon. In that same moment, Jon pulls Julia down to the ground and covers her with the cloak, Jehanne had been wearing.
“Can we help you?” Jon then asks Pierre. Having successfully made the change right behind the women she was walking with and now wearing the cloak, Julia helps Jon and Pierre gather the dirt and weeds up off the ground putting everything back into the wheelbarrow.
“Let me help you.” Jehanne voices a desire to help, thus giving her a few more minutes to be with her friends, and an excuse as to why she would have dirt on her hands.
Once all the weeds and dirt are cleaned up, Jon and Pierre turn and look at Jehanne, “Thank you Madame.” 
Julia curtsies in reverence as Jehanne looks directly at her. With the hood hiding Julia’s face from the Viscountess, Jeanne and Auntie, through their eyes Jehanne and Julia exchange feelings of familiarity, respect and a sisterly love. Jehanne smiles and then slowly turns back to the ladies and continues the walk that Julia had started.
The moment Jehanne is no longer by his side Pierre can feel a pain surrounding his heart that he has never felt before. He begins to take long deep breaths.
“Are you alright, Pierre?” Jon questions.
“I don’t know. My heart feels like it is being torn apart.”
“Continue your job, Pierre. For Jehanne’s sake, continue your job. If they find out what has happened, they will use us to break her.”
As the guards reach the wall to ask about the commotion that they had heard outside, they are asked, “Why are you here? You are to have your complete attention on, Jehanne!”
“There isn’t any danger on the inside. The noise came from the outside. We came to help,” they explain.
“Get back to, Jehanne! If she ever escaped, we would all lose our heads.”
Hurrying back to watch over Jehanne, they find all is calm. To the guards, Jehanne is still walking in the garden with her woman friends. And the gardeners are still pulling weeds.
“You see, I told everyone that there was nothing to worry about,” the guard proudly states.
Wanting to take the attention off of her friends Jehanne asks, “Ladies, would you mind if I got a closer look at that trellis over there? I love all kinds of flowers, but this red rose is a favorite of mine.”
“It’s been a favorite of mine also, in fact I asked my husband to have this trellis built here,” the Viscountess says finally looking directly at Jehanne. “Your hair….”
Jehanne raises her right hand touching her beautiful black hair, “My hair?” she questions.
“Yes, you finally took your cap off so that your hair could have some air.”
“Yes, I did. Is that alright?” She questions realizing it is something she hadn’t thought of.
“Your hair is beautiful. Just like everyone said that it is.”
“Thank you, ladies.”
“It’s nice that you are talking more, Jehanne.”
“It is my pleasure, ladies.”
Jon, Pierre and Julia, continue pulling weeds wondering if anyone saw Jehanne and Julia change places. Continually weeding and continually wondering if someone will step forward to take them into custody.
Soon it is time to go. Walking out of the castle grounds they pass the guards, walk across the drawbridge as they look at the moat and finally they are back in town. As they continue to walk quietly, they are mystified at how simple it was to make the change.
Pierre and Jon are very happy that they have Julia with them. But they are extremely sad to have left Jehanne, within the castle walls.
“How are we going to save Jehanne now? How are we going to get her away from the English?” Julia finally asks, “Why did she change places with me? Why didn’t she just bring an army to Compiegne and save the people there?”
Jon asks, “And what would have happened to you, Julia? How would that have been explained, with Jehanne leading an army in Compiegne, and you sitting in a tower at Beaurevoir?”
“I don’t know…. I hadn’t thought of that.”
“I know,” Pierre states, “but, Jehanne did. She knew what would have happened to you if she had been seen leading her soldiers. That’s when she made the decision to exchange places with you.”
“She is a very selfless person,” Julia states quietly.
“Yes, Julia she is,” Pierre says with a sense of pride, and love. “Riding to your rescue she told me to go with you and Jon. She told me to get you away from here as fast as I could.”
“What about her?” Julia asks.
“I asked her the same thing. She said that her angels would take care of her…. I didn’t want to leave her, but we needed to get you back to safety, Julia. It was the only way.”
Once again, for their own safety, they ride by night and hide during the day. All the time a sad silence hangs over their heads wondering if something more could have been done. Finally, they are back within the safety of the loyal French.
Jon finally says, “Julia, I think that we need to check in with Daniel and get his advice.”
“That’s a good idea, Jon. I’m so emotional right now I can’t think.”
Tapping the flat crystal bracelet three times, Daniel’s voice can be heard as his picture immediately appears. “Hello, Jon. All is well, I hope.”
“Daniel, Jehanne is being held prisoner. Shouldn’t we stay here and help free her?”
“Jon…Julia…can you hear this?”
“Yes, Daniel. We can hear what you are saying.”
“I know that what I am about to tell you will be very hard for all of you to do. But it must be done so that history will be what it is meant to be.”
“What are you saying, Daniel?” Julia asks feeling that they are not going to like what Daniel is going to say.
“I need all of you to continue your journey back to the portal.”
“What about Jehanne?”
“Her angels will be with her, Jon…. Julia do you hear me?”
“I do, but we are here, Daniel. We could help!”
Not letting her finish Daniel says, “Julia and Jon, I need you to listen carefully. In fact, I want Running Deer to hear this also. Can you hear me Running Deer?”
Stunned and extremely sad because of what Daniel has just said, he whispers, “I can, Sir. I can hear you.”
“Everyone, listen carefully. Jehanne was prepared for this moment in her life. She will never be alone. Her angels will always be with her. In order to progress, to learn the things that she needs to learn in this life, she has to experience everything that will come to her. Along with that purpose, before she came to this life, she volunteered to endure these things to test other people. You see, it is up to the people born in this dimension to save her. If you save her, all of history will be changed. Now that you have found Running Deer, his life is in your charge. You need to return as soon as possible.”
“Daniel, are you sure?” both Jon and Julia ask, hoping to ride to Jehanne’s rescue.
“Yes, I am sorry. You have done all that you are allowed to do in that dimension.”
Pierre’s face shows only an extreme sadness.
“What about Jacque and Isabelle? Can we say good bye to them?” Jon asks.
“That would be fine. But you must get to the portal as soon as possible.”
Riding to Jehanne’s tent, Jon, Julia and Pierre sadly dismount their horses. Jacque and Isabelle are standing together out in the sun by the doorway of the tent. “Hello. I see Jehanne’s plan worked, as always,” Jacque sadly states.
“Yes. She put my life above hers,” Julia answers barely able to speak her words because of a lump in her throat.
Jon walks up to, Jacque, “We have come to tell you good bye.”
“You’re leaving?” Isabelle asks surprised.
“Yes. We have orders to return,” Julia says looking at Isabelle, while tears stream down her cheeks.
“What about, Pierre?” Isabelle questions.
Jon answers, “He is to go with us.”
Even as Jon’s words hang in the air, Pierre walks over to Isabelle. “You have been a wonderful mother.” Taking her hands in his, he says, “My heart is sad to know that I have to leave you.”
“I will miss you, Pierre. You have been a wonderful son. Thank you for being with Jehanne for as long as you have been.”
“This is so hard for me to do, Mother. From the moment I left Jehanne, my heart has been torn apart. I have never experienced anything like this before. This is not what I want to happen.”
Jacque walks over to Pierre. Putting his hand on his shoulder he says, “Good bye, my Son. It is important that you return to your parents. Jon and Julia came to help you get back to them.”
“But Father, how will you work the farm without me? And what about Jehanne, I know that she needs my help. I could stay and help her,” Pierre says with great emotion, trying to keep the tears back.
“I know what your heart is feeling, my Son. But your place is to return to your family. We must have faith. We must know that all of this is in the hands of God and that we will all meet again someday.”
With tears running down his cheeks, Pierre says, “Until we meet again Father, and Mother.”
“Until we meet again, my Son,” Jacque says as he wraps his arms around Pierre, hugging him tightly. Isabelle walks closer to them extending her arms out to hold her son for the last time in this life. Jon and Julia watch the great expression of love, respect and sorrow that is displayed between Pierre, Isabelle and Jacque. There is not one person with dry eyes. All are caught up in the emotion of the moment.
Sadly gathering their belongings Jon, Julia and Pierre mount their horses. After taking a long look at Jacque and Isabelle they ride away, turning around once more to give a final good bye.
Jacque and Isabelle shout, “Good bye, we will always remember you.”
Pierre tries to make a mental picture of his French parents, as pictures and memories of Jehanne also flash in his mind.
The emptiness they feel is hard to come to grips with. But the knowledge that each had to live their own lives in the dimension they were born in, is clear.

***

With Jehanne as a prisoner, the English have gone on a rampage. Hitting as many French towns as possible, they punish the people for going against them. Without Jehanne, the French have become what they were before their great French Commander led them to victory. Jehanne’s strength and encouragement was what made them move forward. Now, they listen once again to the French nobles who continue to tell them to never take any risks. They also hear what the English continue to say, “We are the superior army. We are the ones that will win.”
Beaten down again, they wait for the return of their great commander, not realizing that their destiny is in their own hands. What they fail to realize is that they could beat the English on their own, if only they would move forward remembering the example that Jehanne had set for them.

***

Hearing the sounds of horses hooves, Jon turns toward Julia, “Quickly… get off your horse and tie it by that large bush over there, there are soldiers coming, Julia. Take your blanket out of the bag that Daniel gave to us and throw it over you. It will make you invisible.”
“How did you know about that?”
“Blue Cloud called and told me about it. Apparently he and Snow Flower have all ready had to use them. If we huddle together, Running Deer can be between us. Then all of us will be invisible.”
“But what if it is the French? We have nothing to fear from them.”
“At this point, Julia, it doesn’t matter who it is. If they see you, they will think that you are Jehanne. If word gets back that Jehanne was seen making her way back to France then they would start questioning who they have in prison and both of your lives will be in danger. We all have to stay hidden.”
Unfortunately the soldiers get off of their horses to rest close to where they are hiding under their blankets. Running Deer notices that the French noble who hit Jehanne in the head with a flail, causing her to be unconscious for so many days, is with them. Standing up he readies his bow and arrow.
Whispering, Jon asks, “What are you doing, Running Deer?”
Continuing to walk toward the French noble, Running Deer yells, “YOU! I SAW YOU HIT JEHANNE WITH A FLAIL WHILE HER BACK WAS TURNED. FOR THIS YOU WILL BE PUNISHED!” And an arrow is seen speeding through the air in the direction of the French noble.
Jon quickly pulls Running Deer to the ground throwing the blanket over him so that he won’t be seen.
In shock and a great deal of pain, the French Noble feels an arrow hit his back side. Screaming in pain, with tears running down his face he yells, “How did Pierre find us? Did anyone see him?”
Coming from the noble’s tent, a servant hears what the noble is saying, “Who?” he asks.
“Pierre. That was Pierre. You know, Jehanne’s brother? He was always in battle with her.”
Looking around, trying to find Pierre, his servant replies, “I don’t see him now, do you?”
“No.”
“Do you need help, Sir?” The servant states as he points to the arrow, wondering where it came from.
“Of course, get this arrow out of my backside now!” the French noble demands. Then out of rage and frustration he asks, “…where did he go? I’m going to get him. Do you hear me? Get this arrow out. I can’t have my men see me like this, we aren’t even in battle.”
Verbally the servant says, “Yes, Sir.” But in his mind he says, “Well, I never remember seeing you in battle anyway, except when you went after Jehanne when her back was turned.”
“Look. Are you going to get this arrow out?” the noble yells.
“Yes Sir. Just lean over this rock….”
“No. Not you. Get my doctor. Oh, this hurts!!!!!” the French noble says as he bites on his gloves.
“Pierre. What did you do that for?” Jon asks.
“That was the French noble who wounded Jehanne with the flail.”
“Oh, that’s something different. Let’s make this something that he will always remember,” Julia states firmly.
While the French noble painfully waits for his doctor to come to his aid, rocks are flying through the air in his direction seemingly out of nowhere.
“What’s this? Ouch!” He yells, as several small rocks continue to pelt him. Running away from the rocks, he trips over a log that has somehow moved into his path, causing him to land on the same side the arrow has penetrated his back side. “What is happening here? Why is everything coming at me?” he cries as he tries to stay out of sight of his men.
After the doctor arrives, he asks the noble, “Where did this arrow come from? It doesn’t look like any of ours.”
“Why are you asking me where it came from? Do you think that I sat on it? I can’t stand this much pain!” Taking a breath he asks, “By the way did you see the rocks flying toward me?”
“No, I can’t say that I did.”
“Did you see that log roll into my path so that I would fall?”
“No. Are you sure that you are all right? Maybe you are tired.”
“You think that I am tired?”
“Yes. Things don’t happen like this, Sir,” the doctor says as he finishes placing a bandage on the wound and handing the arrow to the French noble.
“Maybe I am. Have the men set up camp. We’ll stay here for a few days.” Thoughtfully studying the arrow, he remembers Pierre and the arrows that he made specifically for his bow. “This looks exactly like one of his arrows. How did it get here? I haven’t seen him since Jehanne was taken prisoner,” he says quietly to himself.
Watching the soldiers as they set up their camp, Julia, Jon and Running Deer start planning what further tactics they might use to harass the cowardly French noble.
“Jon, I just noticed that I have two blankets in my bag.”
“Julia, Daniel must have known that we would need an extra one.”
“I’ll give this one to Pierre so that we all have our own.”
“That will make things a lot easier. We’ll all be able to go in different directions.”
With darkness, the chance would come to make the noble pay for inflicting so much pain on, Jehanne. With their plans completed, Jon, Julia and Running Deer wait. The fires burn down their last bit of light and the soldiers go to their resting area. Eventually the French noble goes to his tent. After a while the sounds of sleeping men is heard coming from their tents.
Quietly walking into the noble’s tent, Julia, Jon and Pierre are covered with their blankets, making them invisible to anyone who might awaken suddenly. Jon has pulled a flower from the field and touches the nose of the French noble. Raising his hand he brushes his nose, thinking it is a fly. The noble turns over onto his side. Jon touches his ear until the noble brushes it once again, turning over to his other side, groaning as his wound touches the hard ground. This time, Jon touches both his nose and his ear trying to get the noble frustrated.
Slowly opening his eyes they hear the noble quietly say, “You had better get out of here you stupid fly or you won’t live very much longer.”
Lowering the blanket until his head seems to be floating in the air, Jon declares, “I am your conscience.”
Surprised to hear a human voice, the noble’s eyes open looking quickly around the tent. Seeing only Jon’s head, he asks, “Who are you?”
“You forget your enemies so quickly!”
Pierre now drops his blanket down to his shoulders so that only his head is showing. Looking over at Pierre the noble is quite startled, “Pierre!” he finally manages to gasp.
“Yes you coward!”
“They made me do it Pierre. I didn’t want to hurt her.”
“You lie! You never wanted her to succeed. You have the title of noble… you a noble? I laugh! A noble is supposed to protect his people. You sat back in safety while you watched everyone around you die. All you thought of was yourself. All you wanted was to get the money and castles that the English promised you. Not once did you think of anyone else. You have no right to the title of noble…you are no more noble than the Kings that run this war. From the moment they took part in this perpetual war they lost their nobility.” Taking a breath, while trying to cool down, yet still very determined, Pierre continues, “…You are no more noble than the people who make money from the sale of weaponry for the wars, that all of you create. Your money is blood money! You will never feel happiness and peace, because your greed has brought so much pain to so many other people.”
“What do you want of me, Pierre?”
“I want you to live as nobles have always been asked to live. All nobles are supposed to represent God. They are to protect the people who are under their charge. They are to set a good example. They are supposed to be righteous so that they will have a righteous people…” Pierre hesitates then he says, “I was going to call you by your name, but I have never known your name. What is it?”
“My name is Charles Martel. At least, that’s the first part of my name.”
Shocked…Pierre states “You carry that name and you are a coward?”
“I’m not a coward. I just do what I am told.”
“How did you come by that name? …Do you even know who that man was?”
“It is the name of my great-grandfather, five greats removed. All I know about him is that he owned a lot of land and he was a noble. I inherited his name.”
“Do you remember the sword that Jehanne used?” Pierre questions.
“Yes, I remember that old thing.”
Looking at this noble with a great deal of sadness, Pierre categorically states, “You have everything. Yet, you have nothing! That sword…. That old thing, as you call it, was your 5th great grandfather’s, the very man who saved France from the Muslim invasion in the month of October, in the year 732. The Muslims had taken all of Spain, and planned on taking all of France. Their plan was to take the rest of Europe, BUT YOUR GREAT, GREAT, GREAT, GREAT, GREAT GRANDFATHER STOPPED THEM! Do you realize what courage that took? Do you realize that he was also the grandfather of Charlemagne?” Shaking his head, Pierre continues, “I have a hard time believing that you are a descendant of such great men.”
Shocked by everything that he has just learned, the French noble suddenly sees another head appear. “Jehanne…why are you here?” he asks.
“I am here Charles, to ask you to become what Charles Martel and Charlemagne were. You have it within you. You were born with it. All you have to do is to take charge and do something with these special gifts of courage, strength, leadership and goodness. It is all within your very soul! All you have to do is to acknowledge it. You are noble…use your status to serve others. Lead your people, Charles. With you as their military leader, France will become what it was meant to be. And her people will once again be free.”
Julia, representing Jehanne, continues, “Be like your ancestors. Fight for righteousness at the side of God. Be His hands here on Earth. Be courageous and lead your people by giving them an example of what they could be. Allow all of them freedom, for it is a gift from God; no earthly man should take that gift away for it is not theirs to take. Know this Charles, when freedom is taken away, in any form, each individual has the right to fight to get it back. Go now…lead them, Charles. Lead France into its true destiny.”
Suddenly all of the heads disappear. The noble Frenchman, now known as Charles Martel, a descendant of the first Charles Martel and the famous Charlemagne, lies in his bed going over and over all of the words that he has just heard. “What just happened?” he asks quietly of himself.
A new day dawns as the morning light begins to shine, and the noble walks out of his tent door. Throughout the night he had relived his life and everything that he had done. He looked at the world that he lived within and tried to make sense of everything that he had been taught: that he was better than anyone else, that his decisions were better because he was so much smarter; people were here to serve him; he was to be waited upon; he didn’t have to fight and that others were born on this earth to die for him.
Realizing that everything he had been taught was a lie to keep his family in power, he had used people throughout his whole life, spitting them out when he was through with them; they were pawns for his use. It now dawned on him that he had been used as a pawn by his family, and by all the other royals; he had helped them to perpetuate their lies.
Finally, he had been told of the man he was named after. He now knew the truth, and it resonated within his heart. For the first time in his life everything seemed clear. With new purpose, everything that he sees now looks and feels so different: the air smells sweet; the colors of the trees, flowers and even the weeds are so vivid. Today with all this beauty, the sun is even warm and inviting and Charles is eager to step into a new destiny.
“I have always been told that I will meet all of my ancestors when I die. Will these men be proud of how I have conducted myself? I would say, with what I know now, ‘no’, they would be sad and ashamed. What have I done for France, have I protected it against foreign rule? I would say ‘no’ to that also. I have gone along with the English so that I could have land and castles and all the money that I could ever dream of when it is over….”
“Looking back, everyone that I know of has been given those same promises, but many of them have died of old age and never received anything because the war is still going on; a war that could have been stopped a long time ago, saving thousands of lives of the common people. I had always been told that was their purpose in this world, to do all of the fighting, and I never fought with them because I was afraid. Of course as a noble I had been given permission, from the other nobles, to watch others fight from a safe perch…. How could I have let others die for me and for my family? What about them and their families? My family never did our part… I was so blinded.”
“And what about our freedom… Freedom is God given and is meant for everyone; a precious gift that has been fought for so gallantly by all of our ancestors, in past decades. What have I personally done to preserve that freedom?”
Pondering all these thoughts and questions that he has finally asked himself, he comes to the conclusion, “I haven’t done anything for France. If I were to go to heaven today, I don’t think that, Charles Martel and Charlemagne, would be very proud of me. I don’t think that I could stand the pain in their eyes; to see that everything that they fought for no longer remains because I had used my status for my own greed, rather than for the protection of my people…. If I saw that pain in their eyes, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself. That same pain would also be in the eyes of God. Along with that I know that he would feel extremely disappointed and sad because he had given me so much and I hadn’t done all that I could to protect the precious gift of freedom that He has given to all human beings.”
Looking around at the morning sun, feeling the wind on his face and hearing the birds sing, he makes a profound statement. “Get the men ready. We leave now to free, Jehanne.”
“But Sir, it will take weeks to get to where she is being held captive.”
“Then we had better get started, don’t you think? We have wasted too much time as it is. We have no more time to spare.”
As instructions are given to his men there is a renewed sense of patriotism among his soldiers. The exhilaration that fills men’s souls when they know that they are finally on the correct path is unmistakable.
“We are going to rescue, Jehanne!” says one soldier.
“We are going to save France,” says another.
Excitement fills the air. Smiles are witnessed on everyone’s face. Finally, the noble that they follow is leading them in the right direction.
The French noble continues, “With my troops, with Jehanne, and with God’s help we will take France from the English. Our people will be free once again.”
As the French noble and his soldiers ride away from the place of their night’s encampment, Jon asks, “Did you hear that, Julia, and Running Deer?”
“He finally got the message. Someone is finally going to her rescue,” Running Deer smiles as he pulls the blanket away from his body.
“Hopefully he’ll get his troops to Jehanne as soon as possible,” Julia prays, as she begins to fold up her blanket.
“With the speed that they left here and with all the dirt that was kicked into the air by the horses, I think that is exactly what his plans are, Julia. I feel better about leaving now that I know that someone is going to her aid.”
“We need to leave as well, Running Deer. We need to get you back through the portal and to safety,” Jon states.
“It’s a good thing that we tied our horses farther from the camp. That’s the only reason the soldiers didn’t see them,” Running Deer gratefully acknowledges.
“I’m just grateful that we have horses. Julia and I walked this whole distance the first time we came this way looking for you, Running Deer. Well, at least until we found, Jacque and Isabelle.”
Packing away their blankets and getting on their horses Julia adds, “That’s one of the reasons it took us so long to find you. That, and then of course, all of the battles that you were involved in freeing France from English rule. That took a lot of time because you were always so far ahead of us…. Have we ever told you how proud we are of you, Running Deer? You protected, Jehanne, thinking only of her safety. You were willing to face whatever situation you encountered.”
“I have thought of that, Julia.” Remembering and pausing for a short while, Running Deer finally expresses, “I have come to the conclusion that there are no mistakes. We are sent to different places to help those that we come in contact with.”
“You are exactly right. Each dimension has a life of its own. Every person born in that dimension is prepared for their part, if they so choose. If they choose not to take part, another is put in their place; for God has his plan and it will go forward. Running Deer, you helped Jehanne do the part that she was prepared for,” Julia acknowledges.
“It was my honor. I would have helped Jehanne do anything in any dimension. I’m just sad that I can’t be with her now,” Running Deer says as he looks to the ground.
“We are all sad that we can’t be with her, Running Deer,” Julia adds.
Riding in silence, they finally reach their destination. Pointing toward a specific rock formation Jon announces, “There it is.”
At that moment both Jon’s and Julia’s bracelet’s buzz…. Answering it they see Blue Cloud looking at them through the device. “I just wanted you to know that the round balls in your bag will make it possible to escape an enemy. Just throw one to the ground and it will create a lot of smoke so that you cannot be seen.”
“Thank you, Blue Cloud. We have just reached the portal entrance. We should be entering as soon as our conversation is finished.”
“I won’t keep you then,” says Blue Cloud.
“Tell, Daniel ‘hello’ for me and Snow Flower when you get to the Beach House.”
“We will. Have you found Gray Wolf yet?” Julia asks.
“Not yet. But we have an idea of where he will be.”
“That’s good news.” Jon comments.
“See you then.”
“See you,” Jon and Julia reply.
Breathing a sigh of relief they approach the rock formation. Dismounting their horses, and seeing no one around, they take time to stretch.
“Ouch, that was a long ride. It’s good to be walking on the ground again.”
Before they have a chance to take a couple of steps toward the portal, a voice from behind them is heard to declare.
“At Last… this time I’ll make sure that you never get away!”
Surprised, they turn around to see an English noble. Pierre remembered this noble because he and Jehanne had encountered him on the battlefield. Jehanne later told Pierre of the time that he and his soldiers had come to her village when she was younger. It was at that time that she told him that she would meet him on the battlefield. He had laughed at her, calling her a witch. After Jehanne won the battle between them, the English noble reported back to the English King calling her a witch for the second time.
The English noble, recognized both Pierre, and who he thought was Jehanne. As he sat straight and tall on his horse, he expresses with a sneer, “I’ve always appreciated patience, so I waited. And here you are. Now that I have you, this time you will not escape my grasp.”
Looking at the English noble and his soldiers, Running Deer, playing his part as Pierre, asks, “Why are you so far north?”
“Oh, we were just scouting the area for any French. The rest of our English troops will be here within a few days.”
“So you are actually fighting now?” Running Deer, quips.
“I don’t fight. It’s not my place to fight.”
“Yes, I’ve heard that stupidity over and over again,” Running Deer states.
As the English noble directs his soldiers to tie their hands, Julia asks, “Sir, as you plainly outnumber us, would it be all right if we walked around for a while? It’s been a long ride.”
“I remember the trouble you caused in your village; I remember how you won the battle, and when you put an arrow in my back side…”
Jon and Julia look at Running Deer. Quietly they ask, “Jehanne did that to him?”
“Yes. That’s why I did the same thing to the French noble the other night.”
Jon adds, “It’s all quite clear now as to why you did what you did.”
“I was following Jehanne’s example, Jon. She knows how to treat nobles,” he says fondly remembering Jehanne shooting the English noble after he had offered her money, land and a castle if she would become part of the game between the French and the English, and loose her battles. He smiled as he remembered watching her ride with her bow and arrow targeting his back side, as her answer.
The English noble had been talking all this time. “… since we out number you now I will allow you to walk for a short while.” He finally finishes by saying, “I really think that you are a witch, and I want no games played today.”
“Don’t worry we have no other soldiers or people from my village with us. So what games could we play? I was wondering if it would be all right if we walked up on that rock?” as Julia points toward where she knows the portal is.
“Why would you want to do that?” the English noble asks with suspicion.
“As you can see, this is all flat ground. When we walk on rocks it stretches out our feet and legs.”
“I’ve never heard of that before.”
“So that you won’t think that I am going to do anything, why don’t you have one of your men hold the reins of our horses while we walk on the rocks?
“Very well then, I can’t imagine that as long as we have your horses that you will be able to go anywhere… should you feel inclined to do so,” he added with a smirk.

***

“Daniel…. Julia, Jon and Running Deer are at the portal.”
“I’ll hurry and open it for them, Treysen. Thank you for letting me know”
“Just doing my job, Daniel,” Treysen says with a smile.
Smiling back, Daniel runs to the portal.

***

Whispering, Julia asks Jon, “Where is the portal?”
“I don’t know for sure. I’ve never gone through it from this side.”
“You don’t know where it is?” she asks not believing what she has just heard.
“No my Sweet Lady…. But you can be sure that we will find it, or it will find us.”
“Well, whatever happens, I hope that it happens soon, because it looks to me like that English nobleman’s patience is beginning to wear thin.”
A buzzing sound, which is very strange to the English, can be heard coming from somewhere on the rock. Jon and Julia, hear Daniel command, “Back and to your right, all of you. Throw the balls now!”
Holding out her hand, Julia calls to Running Deer, “Running Deer… here, now!”
Running Deer sprints over to join them, at the very moment both Julia and Jon throw the balls to the ground. Great amounts of smoke begin to rise into the air. Daniel and his staff grab Julia, Jon and Running Deer, pulling them through the portal.
The English dismount and quickly start running toward the rock formation, where they last saw the three that they were after. Because of the lingering smoke, they fling their arms from side to side trying to feel another body, hoping that it is one of the three that their commander has ordered them to capture; to their demise they end up grabbing one of their fellow soldiers instead.
Finally the smoke fades away.
“Where are they?” shouts the English nobleman.
“We can’t find them,” a soldier reports in frustration
“They can’t just disappear. I want everyone to surround the rock. If we can’t find them here, then get on your horses and scour the country side. They don’t have horses, so they won’t be able to go very far. This time I will take her to the King myself.”
One of his soldiers makes a statement, “I thought that Jehanne had been captured all ready.”
“I am well aware of what she looks like. That was Jehanne! You can mark my word on it,” the nobleman states with confidence.
“Sir, we will look. But when we get back, if we haven’t found her I’d be asking some questions about Jehanne before you start saying that we had her in our hands.”
“Good point, Soldier. It’s best not to look stupid isn’t it?”
“Yes Sir.”



Chapter 9


With the help of Daniel and his staff, Jon, Julia, and Running Deer enter the magical portal and are instantly back in the Hall of Corridors.
As they walk down the hallway past the portal where the huge fish lives, Running Deer looks cautiously in that direction. “Be careful of this portal. This is where that huge fish stuck his tail out and pushed me and Gray Wolf into different portals, sending us to our different dimensions.” He notices a huge black eye looking his way and moves to the other side of the hall.
“Yes. We don’t want to go through that again,” Julia states with a smile.
“I don’t think that he has enough courage to do the same thing to adults, Running Deer,” Daniel adds.
“I hope not. But I still think that we need to be careful!”
“You’re right, let’s keep that in mind for when Gray Wolf returns.”
“Have you heard anything concerning my brother, Daniel?”
“I know that he landed on the island of Martinique, in the Caribbean. Why don’t we go and talk to Treysen and Joshua, to see if there is anything new. They are the ones that have been keeping track of both you and your brother.”
“Daniel, do you mind if Julia and I go to see what news they have?”
“That would be fine, any time that you want to know what is happening it is ok to ask them.”
“Thank you.”
Staying behind Running Deer asks, “May I ask you a question?”
“Yes, Running Deer. What is it?”
“Why, if I am so excited to know where my brother is and that I will see my parents again…do I miss Jacque and Isabelle?” Sadly he continues, “And my heart. My heart hurts being away from, Jehanne.”
“It is because we are all one family, Running Deer. We are all mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters. And when we get to know someone, that connection is made.”
“I understand what you are saying, Daniel but my heart feels differently when it comes to, Jehanne. It hurts. I am in pain not being with her, and knowing that I may never be.”
“We never know what the future will hold, Running Deer. But for now, this is how it has to be.” 
Looking at Running Deer, Daniel can feel his pain as he remembers his own wife and how his heart hurts not being with her, but says nothing further. “Come with me.  Let’s join Jon and Julia, we have a lot to talk about. There are still plans that need to be made.”

***
The rules of the war game had been changed as long as Jehanne had led the French soldiers.  Her goal was to do what her angels had asked her to do.  So many of the French and English nobles were full of greed and self adulation; Jehanne had no personal agenda.
	Months have gone by since she had been captured and then sold to the English; imprisoned in cold harsh conditions within their castle walls.  With guards surrounding her, many times within her own cell, she is strung up.  Her arms and legs are chained against a wall.  In this situation with no weapons or soldiers of her own, she is vulnerable to whatever the lowest of the low decide to make her endure.  With orders from the English to do anything to break her spirit and make her admit that the French need to bow to English power, the guards take full advantage of the situation.
	During this time of imprisonment the waiting game is becoming unbearable for Jehanne.  “My angels are with me.  But where are my soldiers?  Why do they not come for me?”  Off to her right, Jehanne sees a glint of sunlight.  Still chained to the wall she closes her eyes and imagines turning toward the light that her body seems to be crying out for.  In her mind, the sparkling rays have pushed their way through the clouds and into her cell, specifically for her and her alone. “Ah… this reminds me of my mother wrapping her arms around me, as if she is covering me in a warm blanket of love.”
	Moments later, the prison warden walks into her cell and asks, “Will you ask the French to bow to the English, Jehanne?”
	“Never!” she answers defiantly.
	“You sound as strong as ever, Jehanne.  Would you like to continue to receive the same type of treatment that you have had for the last several days?” he threatens.
	“What I would prefer is to be put into a prison with women guards, as I was promised in the first place!”
	“I can’t do that, Jehanne.  I have a job to do and this is how I can get it done.”
	“It is not the job.  It is because you are weak.  It is easier for you to do what is wrong, than to stand up for what is right,” she says looking at him directly with no fear of reprisal.
	“Why do you say I am weak, Jehanne?”
	“Because…it is only the morally strong who do what is right, with no regard as to what will happen to them.  And it is only those who do what is right who will be able to stand and look at God face to face, with no shame emanating from their soul.  Can you say to yourself that you are strong?  Will you be able to stand before God, knowing what you have allowed to be done to me?”
	Shocked at what she has just said, and the question she has just asked him, he gives no answer.  Though he is only following orders from his superiors he now sees himself through her eyes.  Ashamed of the part that he has played in trying to break her spirit, he looks down at the ground and slowly leaves her cell.  
	A few weeks later, after continually enduring physical, emotional and mental abuse, Jehanne sinks to her lowest spiritual level.  Though her angels have been with her, the lack of respect that she as a human being has been accorded has finally hit its limit.  Her eyes become glassy and downcast.  Her breathing is slower.  There is no longer a smile on her face. “Why has no one come to set me free?” she wonders.  “I never expected to be a prisoner for this long.  How long am I supposed to endure this type of treatment?  How much is one person expected to take in the eyes of God?” 
	A warm comfortable feeling begins to fill her body.  In her mind she remembers Pierre.  Pictures of him flinging his mud and branch covered arms trying to scare the hawk off the rock and away from her breakfast, continue to flash over and over in her mind, bringing a smile to her face.  Finally, laughter can be heard coming from her cell as she continues to laugh louder and louder.
	“She’s gone mad,” a soldier remarks as he and the other guards watch her behavior.

***

Jehanne’s father has finally reached his low point also. As he goes to sleep, dreams of bells ringing continue to interrupt his sleep. “Am I being called?” he asks himself. “Bells are usually a warning or a calling, some type of announcement. What could this mean?” The answer that comes to him sounds loud and clear: “FREEDOM RINGS ONLY WHEN EACH INDIVIDUAL RINGS THE BELL.”
“What does that mean?” he says to himself still half asleep. Pictures of Jehanne leading her troops come into view. Finally they are covered by dark clouds. Individual pictures appear of patriots, finally standing up on their own, following Jehanne’s example, fighting for their own freedom and for the freedom of those that depend on them.
“Freedom rings only when each individual rings the bell.” Jacque continues to say it over and over in his sleep. Finally a clear understanding emerges. Images of all the French dressed in eternal courage, standing up and fighting for their freedom. “Ah. So unless everyone stands their ground and fights for their God-given freedom, it won’t happen. It can’t be won by one person, and it isn’t taken away all at once.”
“We kept our freedom when Charles Martel and his men fought the Muslims. And Charlemagne raised France to new heights. Now, years later, little by little, it has been taken away. All the lives that were lost for our freedom throughout the history of France, how do we pay them back?”
Continuing his thoughts, he says, “Jehanne has been a great French commander. With her intelligence and knowledge of the tactics of war I knew that she would be great. But little did I know that it would lead to this. She needs my help! I can wait no longer! None of her soldiers that I know of are riding to her rescue.”
Knowing that she has been sold to the English he says, “I have heard what those English prisons are like. No one can last this long in their care.” Getting out of bed, Jacque gathers his things.
“Where are you going, Jacque?” Isabelle asks her husband as she follows him to the stable. Concerned with the determination that now covers his face Isabelle watches as he begins to saddle his horse.
“I’m going to ask all of Jehanne’s soldiers if any of them have enough courage to rescue her, to stand with her! She was always there for them! I will ask …. Will you be there for her now?”
Accepting the inevitable, she says, “I will pray for you both,” Isabelle knows that there is nothing else that she can do or say to stop his leaving. She had taught Jehanne that God would always be with her. Now she would ask Him to be with both her daughter, while she is in prison, and her husband, as he rides to their daughter’s rescue.
Riding up to the soldier’s tents, Jacque yells, “HOW MANY OF YOU WILL RIDE WITH ME TO RESCUE JEHANNE?”
“But, she is in Rouen! The English soldiers will be there.”
“Do you fear English soldiers? Rouen is in France. The people are French. We are French soldiers, and we ride to rescue a French commander!”
Most of the soldiers stand up at Jacque’s call to arms and within the ranks can be heard, “…Finally, someone with enough courage to lead us to rescue her. We have been waiting all this time for someone to lead us!”
Sitting on his horse in front of the soldiers, he announces, “I am Jehanne’s father, Jacque. I have come to lead you just as she did. We must move as quickly as we can, she has been imprisoned for months and now, she is on trial. What must she be thinking when no one has come to her aid, and after all she has done for France! Will you come with me to rescue, Jehanne?”
Memories of Jehanne in battle flash in the minds of the soldiers as they whisper to themselves.
“She saved my life.”
“Her standard in the middle of battle, moving through our ranks, always gave me hope.”
“She was always the first into battle and the last to leave.”
“I remember her sleeping in her armor at night, when we were fighting day after day.”
“She never complained, not once; even when the arrow from an English longbow found its mark.”
“We were low on food and she gave me hers.”
“I was cold and she gave me her blanket.”
“We had no water. I know she was thirsty, but she gave me the last of her water.”
“She called us brothers and made sure that we were all right every night before she went to sleep.”
More and more soldiers continue to stand, and soon Jacque is leading hundreds of soldiers, riding as fast as they can, to Jehanne’s rescue.

***

“Jean, Pierre,” a sad familiar voice calls their names.
Turning in the direction of the voice, Jean and Pierre are surprised. “Jacquemin, what are you doing here?”
“I need your help.”
“What’s wrong?” they both ask anxiously.
“It’s, Jehanne.”
“I knew it. I could feel it in the air, Jacquemin, what’s happened?” Pierre asks.
“Jean de Luxembourg has sold Jehanne to the English.”
“Why would he do that? She became friends with his wife, his daughter and his aunt while she was his prisoner.” Jean asks.
“His wife begged him not to sell her, but the money was too hard to resist.”
“How much did he get for her?”
“10,000 Gold Livres, and an annuity.”
“The English paid that amount? Jehanne must be in big trouble if they paid that much gold for her,” Pierre remarks.
Shocked and dismayed at the extreme danger they could now see that their sister was in, all of the brothers are at a loss for words.
Finally, Jacquemin says, “I am asking if you will ride with me to free her. We can’t let our sister rot in a dirty, cold, damp English cell.”
“I’m with you, Jacquemin,” Pierre announces quickly.
“I want to go with you too, Jacquemin, but what about my troops?” Jean states with concern.
“I’ve thought of that. I’m sure that you have done as I have…the way that father taught us. All of your captains have been in on your war planning haven’t they?”
“Yes, I’ve done that. What about you, Pierre?”
“I’ve done that also.”
“So you have been teaching your captains everything that father taught us, right?”
“Yes, you’re right,” Pierre agreed.
“Then your captains will be able to carry on without you.”
“Jean, Jacquemin is right. Our captains have enough knowledge to carry on without us.”
Thinking for a moment Jean agrees, “You are right.” Turning to his older brother, Jean asks, “Where have they taken her, Jacquemin?”
“…To Rouen. She is on trial in Rouen.”
“…On trial? What are the charges,” Pierre questions knowing how kind his sister is.
“They are trying her as a witch.”
“Jehanne is the furthest thing from being a witch than anyone can be,” Pierre says with a great deal of anger.
“I agree, Brother. But the English needed a reason to put her on trial.”
Feeling extreme concern for his sister’s welfare, Pierre is tired of talking. “Let’s get moving then. Rouen is a long way from here.”
“I’m ready,” Jacquemin says as he grabs the reins of his horse.
“Give us a few minutes to gather our belongings and some food to eat along the way.”
“Don’t forget your older brother when you are gathering that food. I was in such a hurry to get here I forgot to pack anything to eat. I’m starving.”
Looking at his older brother while gathering his belongings, Jean reminisces, “We always brought you food when you were out tending the sheep.”
“Yes. But Mother asked you to bring the food to me.”
Walking over to his brother, Jean waves a freshly baked biscuit just under Jacquemin’s nose, “Does this smell like mother’s cooking?”
Just looking at the biscuit made Jacquemin’s stomach growl… the aroma of this freshly baked biscuit made him want to reach out and grab it from his younger brother. But knowing the strategy of deception that his father had taught him, he says, “Let me taste it, Jean. Then I’ll tell you if it’s like mother’s or not.”
Handing the biscuit to his brother, Jean mumbles, “I can see how this whole trip is going to be. I’ll be the one who cooks, and both of you will be eating it.”
“…Sounds good to me. What do you think, Pierre?” Jacquemin says with a huge smile.
“Can we go now?” Pierre answers, not thinking about food, but feeling a great sense of urgency.
Taking extra horses with them, Jehanne’s brothers ride knowing that the life of their sister depends on how fast they will be able to get to Rouen.

***

At the Beach House, Treysen calls “Come quickly, Daniel!”
Daniel quickly appears in the Security Division. “What’s going on, Treysen?”
“I’ve been watching, Jehanne. I’m really concerned. Her trial is finally over, and now the English soldiers are bringing logs for a fire in the market square in Rouen.”
“Her trial…Rouen….”
“Yes, you remember don’t you, a region of France that the English have taken control of.”
“…I remember, Treysen.”
“I thought that you would. Now, they’ve asked every English soldier to bring a log, so that it will be the biggest fire that there has ever been.”
“So it’s to that point, is it?” Daniel says sadly. “Get Jon, Julia and Running Deer, please. They have gone out to the beach. We need them as soon as they can get here.”
“Yes Sir.” The moment Treysen steps from the porch of the Beach House into the sand, he runs waving his hands over his head, yelling, “COME BACK. DANIEL NEEDS YOU! HEY, COME BACK!”
Jon, Julia and Running Deer are walking toward the surf to feel the warmth of the water on their feet. In the quietness of the waves rolling in and rushing back out again they sit in the sand letting the surf run through their toes and over their ankles. Questions keep coming to their minds, “Could we have done anything differently? Was there something…ANYTHING… that we could have done to help Jehanne?” Pictures of expressions of kindness to everyone and her beautiful smile flash in their minds. No words were spoken, just memories of a truly great person. Into their hearts came this message, “Jehanne is the very essence of what you can all become.” Consumed by their sadness and concern for Jehanne, the sound of the waves and the message that they were just given in their hearts, is all that they hear.
Treysen continues running toward them gesturing wildly and yelling as loud as he can. Sensing movement out of the corner of his eye, Running Deer turns his head to see a frantic Treysen sprinting toward them. Putting his hand on Jon’s shoulder he gestures with his head in Treysen’s direction. Julia, noticing Running Deer’s movement, turns to look up the beach at the same time Jon does. A sudden sense of urgency washes over them as they hurry to meet Treysen.
Out of breath he says “Quick. Come!”
“Jehanne?” they all chorus.
“Yes…. Quickly! You won’t believe….” Not able to finish his sentence everyone races toward and through the Beach House until they enter the Security Division. Pictures of Jehanne can be seen on the monitor as they come through the door.
Running Deer asks with a shocked tone, “What are they doing?”
“The court has ruled that she is a witch. During this period of history they burn witches,” Daniel answers not taking his eyes from the screen.
“NO! THIS CAN’T BE HAPPENING! SHE’S NO MORE A WITCH THAN I AM! WHAT CAN WE DO, DANIEL? THERE MUST BE SOMETHING THAT WE CAN DO TO HELP HER.”
Everyone is emotional.
“DANIEL, PLEASE HELP HER!” Julia pleads.
Jon stands with a shocked look on his face. Jehanne’s pain triggers memories of Katherine’s beheading, and the extreme agony he had felt as he left the staging area on Tower Green. “…The English. First their laws take Katherine from me. Now to see what they are doing to Jehanne… what kind of people are they?” Jon questions.
“I know that this is hard for everyone to understand. The cruelness of the human race has always been hard for me to understand also,” Daniel says, trying to calm everyone, “but there’s nothing we can do except to be there for her. To add our strength to hers so that she can endure her fate.”
“There is nothing that we can do?”
Daniel answers quietly, “We can only stand with her, Jon. We have to wait and take it minute by minute; sometimes second by second. We’ll know when the time comes. As hard as this is for everyone, there is one redeeming thing that I can add which might give you the courage to endure. Everyone…. And I mean EVERYONE that takes part in her persecution will account for what they do to her. And they will EXPERIENCE EVERYTHING that they force her to experience.”

***

Jacque and his soldiers have been riding for several days. At this point in their journey they are almost evenly divided. While every soldier wants to get to Jehanne as fast as they can, some of their horses are extremely tired and breathing heavily.
“Jacque, we need to slow down. Our horses are going to fall beneath us,” a soldier remarks.
“I don’t know why,” he answers, “but I feel compelled to continue on. There is something that is happening that we know nothing about. If you feel that you must rest, then take the soldiers that need to rest with you, but I must continue on.”
“We are sorry, Jacque we will continue on as soon as we can.”
“Do what you must,” he answers, consumed with a feeling that he is not familiar with; a kind of vague feeling of nothingness; like time has stopped, yet he cannot stop, he must continue to push forward and finally something will make sense, somehow, somewhere, the darkness and confusion will break. For the sake of his daughter, he must continue on.

***

“Daniel,” Treysen interrupts. “They’ve brought her from her cell. She’s wearing a white dress. Her feet are bare…. A priest is with her…. She is walking toward the huge stake that the English soldiers have piled all of the logs against. Jehanne is asking for a cross.”
“Everyone, I know that this is hard,” Daniel says insistently, “but we need to listen so that we will be ready to help her as she needs help. We have to be her strength!”
Silence falls throughout the room as everyone is watching and listening to Jehanne on the screen….
“Please, I need a cross. I need a cross,” she pleads.
An English soldier, hearing her request, shows mercy by quickly breaking a twig into two pieces. Placing the shorter part of the broken twig across the top of the longer one, he quickly secures the pieces together with a piece of thin leather string he has just pulled from his uniform; he quickly hands the newly made cross to Jehanne as she walks in front of him. Stopping for a moment, she looks directly at him, “Thank you for your kindness, Sir.”
Holding the small wooden cross close to her heart another English soldier pushes her toward the stake at the top of the stack of wooden logs. Looking up at the huge pile of wood she puts the small wooden cross next to her heart, inside of her dress. Climbing the stairs, she finally reaches the top. Soldiers on each side forcibly turn Jehanne around and push her back to the wooden beam; chains are wrapped around her waist and ankles. They have made sure that she is securely chained to the stake, so that, in the eyes of her accusers, her angels won’t be able to help her escape.
The fire is set.
Within a few moments, Jehanne can see smoke rising and detects the smell of burning wood directly below her. As the flames travel higher and higher some of the crowd are anxiously waiting to see if she will deny what she has always said, that she has seen and heard her angels. Others are waiting for her soldiers, who they know will ride in and save her.
A woman in the crowd declares, “Her soldiers will rescue her. Surely they will not let their great commander Jehanne d’Arc, die…not this way! Just watch. They will be here soon.”
The woman’s son, standing next to her, agrees, “Yes. And then they will run the English out of Rouen.”
Everyone continues to stand watching this horrible situation unfold before their eyes. Watching, praying and hoping for a miracle to happen. What could any lone unarmed person do but watch, with eight hundred English soldiers armed and standing guard to make sure that the sentence is carried out.

***

“Daniel, the flames are so close to her. How long does she have to stay to complete her life’s mission?” Julia wonders, nearly frantic to help Jehanne.
“I have been wondering why she hasn’t left already,” he says. “She doesn’t have to experience the pain of the fire. She can leave her body at any time.”
Agonizing over the pain their friend is enduring, every second seems like an hour and minutes become an eternity.
As the smoke continues to swirl around Jehanne, Daniel comments, “God waits until the last possible moment, to see who will help the innocent. He waits to see who will jeopardize their own standing with the human race and choose to stand by the side of God, to uphold truth and justice.”

***

Knowing of her innocence and hearing her cry, Isambard de la Pierre, a priest, runs to a nearby church and takes the cross down from the front of the chapel. Quickly running back to Jehanne, he holds it up so that she can see the body of Jesus on the cross.
“Jesus,” she shouts, “Jesus, my Lord and Redeemer.”

***

“Daniel, the flames are close to the bottom of her feet. The pain must be excruciating. What is she waiting for?” Julia asks.
“Running Deer, I am going to make it possible for her to see you. Will you help her?” Daniel asks, already knowing the answer he will get.
“Yes…anything to help, Jehanne.”
Daniel quickly pushes several switches.
“Stand over there, Running Deer,” he says pointing to a specific area. Moving quickly to where he is directed, Running Deer is amazed as her dimension is opened and he feels the intense heat of the fire.
“Start talking, Running Deer,” Daniel directs.
“Jehanne, can you see me?” he asks.
“Pierre?” Jehanne questions as she slowly lifts her head. Catching sight of him just off to her right, despite the heat and smoke, his image is near enough that if she so desired, she could reach out and touch him.
“Pierre,” she sobs, “How did you get here?”
“Daniel has worked a miracle so that I can be with you Jehanne. Why are you staying so long? We are waiting for you. Come. COME NOW!”
“I can’t, Pierre.”
“Why not Jehanne…”
“I told the Lord that I would return to him as pure as when I left him. They took that from me while I was chained to the wall in my cell.”
“Jehanne, it wasn’t you who did this. You were not the one who broke your promise to the Lord. The intent of your heart is still pure, Jehanne. That is the only thing that matters to Jesus, that your heart remains pure; you can’t help what you have no control over.”
The expression on Jehanne’s face, changes. She softens.
“My angels tell me that your words are true, Pierre. I will go with you, but I have something that I need to say to these people, before I go.”

***

Jehanne’s father is completely exhausted. And he knows that if he doesn’t let his horse rest, they will never make their destination. Looking at the soldiers that have continued on with him, he can see that they and their horses are in the same condition.
Reining his horse to slow down…he holds up his right hand and shouts, “Thirty minutes rest!”
Everyone follows his lead. Finally a creek is found and they dismount their horses, allowing them to rest.
As his horse pulls at the grass around him and drinks from the stream, Jacque walks back and forth impatiently in one spot.
One of his soldiers can see that something is wrong and walks over to him to ask, “What is the matter, Jacque?”
Without looking up he continues to pace back and forth as his soldier walks by his side, waiting for his response.
Finally, Jacque says softly, “I don’t know what it is. I have never felt this feeling before. But it is one of urgency! Like voices calling from the heavens. I don’t hear them, but I can feel the vibrations and their pain.”
“I don’t feel any of that, Jacque, but there is something in the way that the air feels, a kind of uncommon stillness, like the earth is holding its breath.”
Trying to understand the feelings that they both have, they continue to walk back and forth hoping the time to remount and be on their way will come faster.

***

“Hurry, Jehanne. Say what you are going to say…I’m here for you,” Pierre tells her.
Jehanne begins to talk through the smoke to the crowd, “I forgive you.” Realizing that she needs to speak louder for everyone to hear, she takes a deep breath, and with all her strength she yells, “I HEARD MY ANGELS…I DID HEAR THEM! I FORGIVE YOU…I FORGIVE YOU ALL!”
Though the crowd has not seen Pierre talking to Jehanne, they have heard Jehanne’s last words. The crowd watches Jehanne as she clutches the wooden cross with her left hand, while looking to her right and reaching out for something unseen with her right hand. Pierre pulls Jehanne’s true essence into the Security Room just as the flames rise to engulf her body.
The crowd is stunned as her right arm suddenly falls limply to her side and her body slowly sags forward against the chains, which held her pinned to the stake. As her head lowers, her hair falls forward covering the sides of her face; her legs buckle beneath her. Death has taken the prophesied French maid….
Many people can be seen falling in shock to their knees, asking for forgiveness for any part that they had in her death. A soldier can be heard to say, “We’ve killed a saint.”

***

“These extra horses were a good idea, Jacquemin. We are making record time. We should be at Rouen in a short while.”
“Look over there it looks like a group of French soldiers just starting to remount their horses, Pierre.”
“Let’s ride over and see where they are going. Maybe we can get them to go with us.”
Jean adds, “Yes, the more soldiers we have the better it will be for all of us, including Jehanne.”
As the soldiers begin to remount they watch as Jacquemin, Pierre and Jean ride toward them. Still on his horse Jacquemin says, “Hello. My brothers and I are on our way to free Jehanne. Who would like to join us?”
Charles Martel, who had just joined this half of Jacque’s troops as they rested by the stream a few minutes earlier answers, “The troops that you see over there are my troops,” as he points to them. “The other soldiers follow Jacque d’Arc. We are all on our way to take Jehanne from the English.”
“Good. Where is, Jacque?”
The Captain who was left in charge of the men answers, Jean’s question, “We are just getting ready to leave to join him once again.”
“Why didn’t you continue with him?”
“If we wouldn’t have rested, our horses would have fallen beneath us. I see that all three of you have brought several horses.”
“Yes. We came from Lyon, and have been riding for three days. We needed to make it in record time.”
“That is excellent time!” the Captain expresses with admiration, “you must have ridden through the night.”
“We did. Have you rested long enough?” Jacquemin asks.
“Yes. We were all just getting ready to ride again.”
Anxious, Pierre asks, “Then can we be on our way? We are losing time just staying in one place. You can talk as we ride.”
Trying to soften Pierre’s comments, Jean announces, “We are Jacque’s sons and Jehanne’s brothers. Would you mind if we joined you?”
“We would be glad to have you. But don’t you need to rest? You have come a long way,” the Captain asks.
Pierre shouts, “THERE IS NO TIME TO REST. HER LIFE IS ON THE LINE!” With that, Jacquemin, Pierre and Jean turn their horses to the road they had been riding to Rouen.
“They have the same spunk that their sister has,” Charles Martel comments with pride. “We had better hurry or we won’t see them again until we all meet at Rouen.”
Every soldier begins to ride, trying to stay up with Jehanne’s brothers.

***

In each dimension, time moves at different speeds for each individual. For Jehanne, time had been painful and unbelievably slow. After her conviction, time moved much too quickly, until she saw Pierre’s image by her side.
For Jacque, his sons and all the soldiers, time is one step ahead of them, seemingly just out of their grasp. They all feel something extremely solid; a magical wall or power that they will have to break through to free Jehanne. The air, in anger, has become so solid they can feel its sting on their face and hands. Yet, they continue on, racing to save the life of a truly great person, trying to break through the invisible barrier to get to Rouen in time.
Dark clouds begin to move over the Market Square in Rouen. Nature, in its own way, is sending a protest for what has happened.
For all those who are racing to Jehanne’s rescue, there is a sudden twinge in their hearts, accompanied with an eerie sad feeling; like someone had been calling out for them, wondering where they were. Now… there is only empty silence.

***

After thirty minutes, Jacque mounts his horse and anxiously shouts, “Let’s be on our way. Jehanne awaits our arrival. We must not let her down.” Riding even faster than before, Jacque is within a few miles of Rouen. Looking toward his destination he sees a large amount of smoke floating into the sky. After riding another mile he sees groups of people walking away from Rouen.
“What’s the matter? Has your town been burned to the ground?” he questions a passerby.
“No, Sir. They just burnt a witch.”
“…A witch? There was a witch in Rouen?” Jacque asks surprised.
“Yes Sir. But we got rid of her. We burnt her,” the villager says with no remorse. The villager continues his walk as Jacque along with his soldiers, continue riding to Rouen. There has been a large amount of people who have been at Rouen this day and because of the people and carts on the road, his progress is slow. On the outskirts of Rouen is a grove of trees on a ridge looking down into the Market Square. Several townspeople are sitting under the trees, crying as they continue to look at the smoke coming from the square. In-between sobs, they express their disbelief.
“They never came!”
“Her soldiers never came….”
“After all that she did for our country…they just let her die.”
“How could they have done that?”
Riding up to the grove of trees, Jacque dismounts his horse. Walking over to this group of people to see what has happened, he asks, “Why are you crying?”
“We have just killed a saint.”
“Others said that there was a witch in Rouen and you burnt her at the stake,” he responded.
“…Jehanne was no witch, Sir.”
Shocked, and taken back by the name of his daughter, he asks, “What was the name of the person who was burned here?”
Through tears, she answered his question, “…Jehanne…Jehanne d’Arc.”
Disbelief throws a jolt into his brain. Trying to make sense of what he has just heard, he falls to his knees and stares at the smoldering fire.
Looking over at their commander, his soldiers ask, “Why is Jacque on his knees? And why is he now bowing his head?”
“I don’t know. Let’s go see what is happening.”
Needing to get home before it gets dark, several of the townspeople have decided that they need to leave. As they walk by, the soldiers hear them say, “Up to the very moment of her death, she still said that she heard her angels.”
“I know…. Jehanne must have been a saint if she could still say that as the fire burnt her body,” a young woman states.
Stopping this same young woman, one of Jacque’s soldiers asks, “What happened here?”
“They killed, Jehanne. They burnt her at the stake.”
“When did it happen?”
“…About an hour ago. They are going to put her ashes in the River Seine.”
“Thank you,” he says, shocked at what he has just learned. He walks to Jacque and kneels by his side.
The young woman that spoke to the soldier earlier runs back.
“I was walking home with my family, when all of a sudden I had this very strong feeling… something I am supposed to tell you. She wants me to tell you her very last words.” Looking at Jacque and his soldiers, she says, “Jehanne said, ‘I heard my angels. I did hear them. I forgive you…I forgive you all.’”
Hearing those words, Jacque, takes a deep, mournful breath. Wiping the tears from his eyes, he says, “Thank you so much for giving us that message.”
The young woman quickly leaves so she can catch up with her family.
Jacque, and all of the other soldiers who have heard the news, continue to cry. With all of their united effort to rescue Jehanne, they finally come to the realization that they are too late. They had been ready to enter into the jaws of hell; willing to do anything to bring their great commander back with them, to save her, but they were too late. They had waited too long.
As if the earth knew what they felt, a very strong wind blows through the trees in protest of what has happened. The wind is so strong that the English soldiers begin leaving the scene of their ruthless savagery, afraid that they would be blown away.
Looking to the heavens, Jacque says through his tears, “Jehanne, my beautiful daughter. How could they have done this to you? …. And how am I going to tell your mother?”

***

“Thank goodness for that wind,” Pierre expresses, “the smoke has been blowing in our direction for miles making it hard to see. Finally, we can ride a little faster.”
On the outskirts of Rouen looking up to the ridge of trees which overlooks the Market Square, Jacquemin asks, “Aren’t those French soldiers up there?”
Looking up in the direction of the ridge, Jean says, “I think that they are. Why are they all kneeling down?”
“I don’t know. Let’s go and find out.”
Riding up close to the ridge, Jacquemin, Pierre, Jean and all the soldiers that have come with them dismount and walk quietly, out of respect for the sacredness of the moment.
Whispering between each other, Jacquemin asks, “Do you think that father is in this group of soldiers?”
Looking around, Pierre finally points, “Yes, over there. I think that’s him.”
“I think that you are right, Pierre,” Jean begins walking in his direction with Pierre and Jacquemin following him.
Walking up behind him, Jean kneels and taps Jacque on the shoulder. “Father….”
Jacque hears nothing as his body trembles in sobs.
Jean looks back at his brothers as they all suddenly realize that everyone is crying, French soldiers completely overcome with grief.
Finding room they kneel by their father, with quiet respectfulness, still not understanding the full impact of what has happened to their family.
Jacque begins to quiet down as he feels someone familiar near him. Opening his eyes and looking to each side, “Jean…Pierre,” and turning to look behind “Jacquemin. Oh, my sons. If I ever needed you at any time in my life, this would be the moment.” Putting his arms around all of them he continues to cry.
“What’s the matter, Father? What happened here?” Jean asks.
“You haven’t heard?”
“No, Father. We haven’t heard anything. We just arrived and found everyone kneeling on the ridge.”
“My sons, the English have done their cruelest injustice to one of France’s most saintly daughters.”
Afraid to ask, but wanting to know, Pierre finally speaks, “What are you saying, Father?”
Jacque’s mouth begins to tremble as he slowly articulates, “They burned Jehanne at the stake.”
Pierre immediately cradles his head in his hands, “I knew it! I could feel that something was happening.”
Jean stares at his father in disbelief.
Hearing what his father has just said, Jacquemin slowly looks around at the soldiers still on their knees, remembering the smoke that blew on him as he rode with his brothers and the other soldiers to Rouen.
Standing next to Jacque and his sons, Charles Martel hears what has just been said. He quietly tells one of his soldiers and asks him to pass it on.
Throughout their ride to free Jehanne, their hopes had been so high. With Jehanne by their side, they would rid France of every English soldier that crossed their border.
Finally, Jacquemin, Jean and Pierre find the courage to look into the Market Square. Overwhelmed with their own grief, they now understand what everyone on the ridge is experiencing: The loss of their sister; the loss of a great French commander; the loss of a true French patriot; the loss of a truly great person who respected all people.
Memories come to their minds of Jehanne as a small child kicking rocks out of her way on the path as she walks with their mother to put flowers in the chapel. They remembered her expertise as she bandaged their father’s soldiers after a battle, by the side of her mother. Her enchanting laugh echoed in their minds as they remembered playing the war board game by the light of the evening fire, as its light reflected on her beautiful soft face.
Now, all they could see was smoldering wood. Devastated and filled with grief as they kneel by Jacque’s side, they continue to watch the burning embers consume what is left of the stake Jehanne’s body is chained to; all representing English justice.
A light had gone out. There was an empty, non-descript feeling in the air. In all the years that the war had been fought, there had never been a commander who gave selflessly for the welfare of all people, like she did. No one had inspired patriotism in her soldiers, like she did. No one believed in France like she did. And because of this, the English had burnt her as a warning to all who would not play the game as they intended it to be played.
Who would have the courage to go against the English now? How would France regain the freedom that so many of its people had fought and died for centuries earlier? Why did people who lived in France centuries earlier have more courage? Why did they understand the meaning of freedom better then the French did now? Were the French that lived now beaten down? Or had they lost their will to live in freedom? Was it much easier to have someone rule you, rather than to rule yourself?
And why had it been Jehanne’s mission, a nineteen year old, to lead her country and show that it could be done, for God whispers the ideas of freedom into the hearts of all the oppressed.
It became Jehanne’s mission because she heard and acted on the words of God. She accepted that mission. She was willing to be a servant, not to the English, but only to God; listening only to His voice, through her angels. Now that she is gone, thoughts of freedom seem to once again permeate the air and echo as a whisper in the hearts of all the French. On the ridge, the French soldiers begin to experience this feeling.
“We waited too long,” one soldier says as he looks up at the rest of the soldiers.
“We were afraid to go on our own,” another says, looking to the ground.
“Jehanne never had any fear when she led us into battle. But without her, we were afraid,” a soldier cries.
Jacquemin looks at his father. “We tried to get to her to save her.”
Jacque answers, “I tried to get here to save her also.” His right hand sweeps the area pointing to his soldiers. “All of these men were willing to put their lives in danger to save her, as she had done so many times for France. What we need to do now is to continue what she started. She showed us courage and determination; that is the only way that we can gain and keep our freedom.”
Pierre adds, “Yes, Father. You and Mother have always taught us that. What we need to do is to go to all the French and teach them that they must have faith. Not a faith of acceptance or of waiting and watching, but a faith of action; action to do what needs to be done to keep our God given freedom.”
“And they have to be reminded that fear is natural,” Jean states.
Adding from his own experiences, Jacquemin says, “All heroes feel fear. For fear is a weapon the enemy creates, trying to mask their own feelings. We have to remind all the French to pray and to ask for strength to fight their own battles, not to pray for someone else to save them, for true heroes continue to step forward to protect their own freedom and the freedom of those that depend upon them.”
Finally standing up and facing all of his soldiers, Jacque begins to speak, “Let us go to Compiegne. That city is still under siege. If they fall, everyone will be killed because they are standing up to the English and their allies. It is time to dry our tears and be men of action. In memory of Jehanne, who will ride with me?”
Hearing his words, the soldiers don’t raise their voices, or their swords, but walk with great determination to their horses, wiping the tears from their eyes; they mount impatient to ride. Looking at his sons, he says proudly, “I think that we have an army. We had better get on our horses and lead out, or we will be left in their dust!”
They all ride in great haste to Compiegne, knowing that every minute counts. Arriving at the rear gate through the forest, Jacque announces, “I am Jacque d’Arc, father of Jehanne d’Arc. These soldiers and I have come in memory of Jehanne to help you fight the English.”
The guards yell, “OPEN THE GATES!”

***

A blast of red, hot flames quickly encircles the stake where Jehanne’s body had been. The heat begins to become unbearable, just moments before the portal that Daniel had created for her journey to enter the Beach House closed. Pierre had quickly pulled Jehanne to him, scooping her up into his arms.
Daniel begins to give directions. “Treysen bring the pod. Running Deer, quickly, lay her down.”
Concerned about her condition, Running Deer calls her name, “Jehanne!”
Treysen and Daniel quickly wheel the pod toward the rooms designated for patients.
Following behind them, Running Deer continues his questions, “How is she?”
“I’m sorry I don’t have time to talk to you right now. Let us get her stabilized and then we’ll talk.”
Jon and Julia have already gone to her room and are standing by the door. “Excuse me,” Daniel says while the pod is rolled into her room. The staff lifts the pod up onto the bed; the back is slipped out from under her, leaving her on the bed. “Leave the shoulder and head area covered so that she can continue to receive the essence that she needs.”
“We will Daniel.” With their patient securely on her bed, each staff member quickly does their job hooking her up to electrodes so that they can get a reading on her spiritual vital signs.
Out in the hall Jon, Julia and Running Deer watch as Daniel and his staff work tirelessly to help their latest patient recuperate from the horrors that she has experienced in her earthly life. Daniel and his staff stay with her all night, continually checking the monitors she is hooked up to.
The next morning as the sun rises to start a new day, Daniel walks out of her room. While Julia and Running Deer are still sleeping, Jon stands up from his chair and Daniel walks over to him. “I’m concerned, Jon. She’s not responding like she should be.”
“What is the problem Daniel?”
“I don’t know. We have been working on her all night trying to stabilize her. And each time I think that she is going to be alright, her spirit loses its light again.”
“What do you mean that it loses its light?”
“I mean that we are going to lose her if we don’t find out what is going on.”
“Lose her?”
“Yes. If we can’t stabilize the spirit, the light goes out and her energy returns to the universe.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“I mean, Jehanne will be no more, if we can’t stabilize her.”
“What else can you do to heal her, Daniel?”
“I don’t know. We’ve tried everything that I know of.”
“What about the lights? They helped me,” Jon asks.
“The lights only work after the spirit is stabilized. It’s like she doesn’t want to continue to live.”
Slowly waking up, Running Deer has been listening to what is being said and makes a comment. “Daniel, after I talked to her while she was chained to the stake it seemed like she accepted her experiences.”
“I’m sure that she was fine at that moment, Running Deer. What happens is that there are layers and layers of horror, pain and mental torture that she must work through. After she has come to terms with one layer, another one will appear. She falls again not feeling worthy enough to continue on.”
“Can we do anything? I know that love can heal. Maybe our love can give her the strength to heal” Running Deer suggests.
“Running Deer, you are a genius! You have reminded me of the Healers. Excuse me for a moment.” Daniel returns to Jehanne’s room. Soon, her room is filled with entities in human form, emitting the brightest light into her room and the surrounding area, with the healing power of love.
As the Healers stand in a circle around her bed holding hands and bowing their heads in prayer, a shaft of light grows even brighter than they are, as it travels through the ceiling and up through the clouds as far as the eye can see. As the light continues to encircle them their hands move to her head, her arms, her legs and feet. The feeling of love is intense. Its healing power fills her spirit, knocking down all of the barriers that were built in her heart and mind to protect her while she lived. Her emotional walls begin to come down. Jehanne’s spiritual light begins to glow for a while, and then it begins to fade.
The Healers begin their ritual again, emitting more love and more healing energy. Jehanne’s light begins to glow again even a little brighter for a while longer. Then it begins to fade once again.
Watching the process from the window in the hall, Daniel makes an observation, “It’s like she doesn’t want to exist.” Looking at Jon, Julia and Running Deer he continues, “I’ve never seen anyone that has been this near to non existence before.”
“Daniel, do you remember that when I was talking to her that she didn’t want to see Jesus, because she didn’t feel that she was pure enough to be in His presence; she wasn’t as pure as she promised Him that she would be?”
“I remember that. But you talked to her and I thought that she accepted what you said.”
“She did at the moment, Daniel. But remember what you said? The layers have to be peeled back until they are all healed.”
“You are right, Running Deer. There is only one person that can do that for as bad as she has been hurt.”
“…One person?”
“One person…”
Walking into Jehanne’s room, Daniel talks to the Healers of Light, and stands with them as they all pray. As Daniel comes out of her room, the Healers of Light disappear.
Shocked, Jon asks, “Daniel, what is happening?”
“Everything will be fine. Is anyone hungry?” Daniel asks with a conviction that everything would be alright as he walks up the stairs to his kitchen.
Julia and Jon slowly follow Daniel. Noticing that Running Deer is not following them, they look back and realize that he has not moved at all.
Looking at Jon and Julia with a great deal of frustration, his hands are held out to each side seemingly expressing “What is happening here?”
“…Running Deer. The only thing that I can say is that Daniel always knows what he is doing.”
Julia adds, “Yes, Running Deer. As strange as it may seem, come with us. You will understand everything later.”
Slowly following Jon and Julia to the kitchen where Daniel is fixing them a meal, Running Deer feels numb. In his mind it is hard for him to understand. “I’ve always heard that Daniel stays with his patients until they are stabilized.”
Sitting down at the kitchen table, Jon and Julia, look over at Running Deer. From previous experiences they know that for whatever reason Daniel left, they must trust him. Julia motions for Running Deer to come and sit by her. Running Deer hasn’t learned to trust Daniel yet, and stands his ground.
In her room, Jehanne is in an extremely deep sleep, close to the moment when her spirit would give up its light. In her mind she hears, “THE LORD,” like He is being announced to her. The meaning of that announcement echoes in her heart. Immediately, her eyes open and a gasp of air is taken in through her mouth. To her left side she sees the most magnificent being kneeling down on His right knee. His left arm is resting over his left knee and his head is bowed in prayer. Surprised that she has awakened, He quickly disappears. But from that instant her heart, her mind, and her spirit have been healed. Her whole body feels nothing but love and acceptance. From that moment on, Jehanne knows that she is loved and accepted by the Lord.
“My Lord and my Redeemer, you have given me so much. In return, I give to you all my love,” she says quietly.
In the kitchen, Daniel finally looks up at everyone. He asks, “Would you all like to go back to see Jehanne? Treysen just sent me a message that she is awake and asking for all of you.”
Smiling, Jon and Julia stand up and quickly walk to the stairs. Sprinting, Running Deer is already close to her room. Opening her door he calls with relief, “Jehanne.”
“Pierre,” she says with a huge smile, her arms out to give him a huge hug as Jon and Julia enter her room.
“I am so happy to see all of you. I have just had the most exquisite Visitor. I was afraid to see Him. But now I know that He loves me. This, I am sure.”
To the world, Jehanne no longer lives. In reality…it is only her beginning.

***

With the courageous example that Jehanne had set, along with the teachings that her family is now spreading, throughout their country, many French soldiers and Nobles begin to fight with renewed patriotism. Five months after Jehanne’s death on Earth, Compiegne won their war with the English. Twenty-two years after her death, all of France was finally liberated from English rule.

***

Daniel thinks to himself, “Since Jon, Julia and Running Deer are back, and Jehanne is stabilized, while we are waiting for Gray Wolf, Blue Cloud and Snow Flower, I want to check out what I thought I saw a few days ago deep in the ocean portal.”
Walking to the Hall of Corridors he walks to the famous large fish portal and gently pushes the refracted waves aside. First of all, Daniel looks for the fish that continues to make trouble for those who walk through the Hall of Corridors. Second, he looks toward the lights coming from the underwater city that he discovered earlier. As he is standing by the portal, the lights from the Hall of Corridors shining behind him, makes him visible to those in the water.
Not far away a silver oval ship is finishing its flight, lining up to enter the city.
“Why are we entering from this side, Captain?”
“All of the other landing sites are busy and I’m in a hurry; there is a secret entrance on this side.”
Looking out through one of the windows of the ship, a midshipman asks, “Sir… what’s that over there?”
“What are you looking at?” the Captain questions.
“There,” pointing in Daniel’s direction. “It looks like a man, Sir. What’s he doing? He’s not in a ship and he’s not in the water, but he looks like he is standing and looking in our direction.”
“Zoom in on his face. Take a picture of him quickly.”
“Yes, Sir….” Click…. “There I have it.”
“Good, now put the picture into the face recognition registry.”
Within seconds a match is made. “It’s Cuvar Offion Moradius. Fancy that, after all of our searching, ‘the guardian’, and he’s right in our own backyard! Well, new backyard.”

***

Walking back to the Security Division with many things weighing on his mind, Daniel pushes them aside, directing his mind to the current pressing issues. “Treysen, have you heard from Gray Wolf and his parents, Snow Flower and Blue Cloud?”
“Yes Sir. All have arrived at their destinations.”
“Where is that again?”
“…Martinique.”
“…In the Caribbean?”
“Yes Sir.
“Keep me informed of their travels.”
“I will, Sir.”


* * *

Read of the adventures of Gray Wolf and his parents Snow Flower and Blue Cloud in Mysterious Destiny Bright Lights and Thunder Part II.

* * *

Snow Flower Publishing
Proudly presents the:
Mysterious Destiny Series:

1. Mysterious Destiny Beckoning Corridors
2. Mysterious Destiny Bright Lights and Thunder, Part I
3. Mysterious Destiny Bright Lights and Thunder, Part II
(#3 Is Currently being written)

Hard copy Books are available through Barnes and Noble and Amazon.

E-Books are available through Smashwords and most online e-book retailers.

Web Sites:
Mysterious Destiny.com
Snow Flower Publishing .com



MEDIEVAL WORDS AND NAMES


1. Beaulieu - Pronounce (bow loo)
2. Beaurevoir - Pronounce (bow re voir)
3. Burgundians - An ancient Germanic tribe who settled in Burgundy, France
4. Chainmail - a series of small metal rings that are interlocked together. This was effective at defeating slashing weapons, but was not effective against the brunt force blow of weapons such as hammers and maces.
5. Coif- Pronounce (co e ff) a protective chainmail covering the head, neck and tops of the shoulders.
6. Compiegne - Pronounce (co pee n ya)
7. Flail - Pronounce (fa lail) a metal spiked ball on the end of a chain
8. Harold Godwinson, Earl of Wessex - a Province at that time which covered the southernmost third of England. This title made him the most powerful man of England, second only to the King
9. Isabelle - Pronounce (Is a bell)
10. Jacque - Pronounce (sjock)
11. Jacquemin - Pronounce (sjock u men)
12. Jean - Pronounce (J ee n)
13. Jeanne - Pronounce (Genie)
14. Jehanne - Pronounce (sjon a)
15. Oise River - Pronounce (wa sa River)
16. Parapet - a protected walk way, high behind a fortified wall
17. Pierre - Pronounce (Pee-air)
18. River Seine- Pronounce (River Sane)
19. Viscountess - The wife of a Vicount, in English Nobility. Pronounce (Vi-countess)



The day of her death, May 30, 1431, is a day that France continues to mark in remembrance of Jehanne d’Arc and what she did for their country. On that day the world lost a great commander of truth, righteousness, compassion and continued honor to one person, the Lord Jesus Christ.
