





NATURE’S TWIST
By Ayoola Olafenwa
Copyright 2017 Ayoola Olafenwa

Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This free ebook may be copied, distributed, reposted and
shared, provided it appears in its entirety without
alteration, and the reader is not charged to access it
CHAPTER1: THE CURIOUS GIRL

Vivian was feeling excited as she was coming back from school accompanied by two of her classmates discussing happily. What made her feel glad was that her mother was to return home. To add more to her excitement was the fact that the next day was her birthday and she had earlier concluded that her mother would not be around. Early in the morning when Vivian woke up, her father told her the good news that her mother would soon be back home. She had travelled for three days to see her parents. Mother arrived in the evening. Vivian, her elder brother and her father were extremely happy as they welcomed her. After Dinner, Vivian went to meet her parents to inform them on what she wished for her 13th birthday celebration.  
“Daddy, I will be very happy to have the opportunity to visit the zoo to celebrate my birthday tomorrow.” Vivian told her father.
“Wow the zoo! Why the zoo my dear daughter?” her father asked.
 “You know the zoo consists of wild animals such as lions and tigers which are scary animals, it won’t be proper for your birthday celebration.” Her mother put in gently.
 “I want to go to the zoo Mum, in my last social studies class, the teacher taught us about wild life and this will be my best opportunity to learn about wild life.” 
“If it is so, then, you will surely be granted the opportunity to visit the zoo.” Her father assured her. 
“That will be very lovely.” Her mother said smiling. 
She thanked her parents so much and went to bed feeling so happy. Early Saturday morning, Vivian was woken up by Noah (her brother) who was singing a happy birthday song, she felt very happy and she hugged him happily. She went to the sitting room to meet her birthday surprise, a medium sized cake beautifully adorned with small burning candles with her name boldly written round it. She was surprised beyond words, because she never expected a birthday cake. The cake was cut by her and the family had a lovely meal for breakfast. After the breakfast, Vivian asked, “Mum when did you bake the cake?” 
“Ah! My dear darling daughter, on my way back, I bought some baking materials and I woke up very early to bake it.”
 “Wow! Thanks very much Mum”.
 Everyone got dressed immediately in preparation to visit the zoo. The zoo was located about two miles away from home, with a smooth and lovely ride in the family’s car they got to the zoo so soon. “Wild Life World” was a big and beautiful zoo where people trooped in daily to entertain themselves. They went to the zoo manager and paid the required fee. They were accompanied by a zoo keeper as they visited different habitats of the animals in the zoo. First, they visited the Monkey’s habitat, a beautiful vegetation habitat. Vivian was so excited by the activities of these monkeys jumping from one tall tree to another. They visited the elephant, ostrich, peacock, tiger and lion’s habitat. Vivian was so excited seeing these animals except the Lions and tigers which made her so scared. Vivian enjoyed herself and thanked her parents so much for giving her the opportunity to visit the zoo. The family had an enjoyable ride back home.
 “Mummy! the zoo was very exciting, I wish to know more about the animals. ” Vivian told her mother. 
 “Oh! My sweet daughter I have some tales which I intended to tell you concerning what had happened in the animal kingdom.”
 “Mummy I will be very happy to hear them. ”
 “My grandfather narrated those tales to me when I was a young girl, they are eight beautiful tales about the animals.”
 It was in the evening that Mother called Vivian and Noah to narrate her tales about animals. They were excited as they sat down gently beside their mother listening attentively to her tales.


CHAPTER 2:  DAWN OF LIFE

Like the dawn of everything else, the dawn of life in the animal kingdom was very lovely. Everyone in the animal kingdom was living happily and peacefully. The king of the animal kingdom was Dale (a Lion). There was abundant food in the animal kingdom. Everyone related freely together and there were no foes. The animal kingdom was beautifully adorned with different beautiful creatures and the evergreen vegetation that housed the animals. The state of the kingdom was an Elysium that showed the perfection of the work of nature. A festival was held annually in the animal kingdom and it was known as the "Festival of Harvest." During the festival, there will be abundant food and everyone will be merry. Every animal was feeling so excited as the festival came near. All necessary preparations were done for the festival. The elephants, zebras, antelopes and kangaroos were to perform a circus. The monkeys were the music band in the animal kingdom. The festival was started by Dale. “Every animal in this kingdom is welcomed to this year’s festival. You can all enjoy yourselves as much as you desire.” The monkeys started the music with the circus animals performing beautifully. All the animals were extremely glad and there was merriment till the end. The animals continued their blissful life till the next year when the rain that usually blessed the kingdom’s beauty began to reduce. The little rain resulted to shortage of food. Everyone was really sad, moping about how awful their festival is going to be, because of inadequate food. Despite this, the festival was held, food, dancing and singing was minimal. The climatic condition grew worse as if the clouds had been sealed by an unseen force. Rain ceased to fall, famine arrived gently to the discomfort of everyone. It seemed strange as this had never happened before. The famine made life terrible for every animal in the animal kingdom. Some food was stored in reserve in Dale’s kingdom, which only the sick animals were entitled to. Almost every animal practically had no food to eat and there was little water for consumption, as almost all the water bodies had dried up because of famine.
 Dale knew that something must be done before every animal in the kingdom starved to death. He therefore decided that a meeting must be held to find a solution to this interminable problem. Dale immediately sent out his messengers to disseminate the information that everyone must come to the king’s palace for an urgent meeting. The animals wasted no time, they all arrived the palace promptly.
 Dale addressed the animals saying, "we all gathered here together to discuss the issue of the famine that we are all suffering from. There is no food in the kingdom, there is no longer hope for any “Festival of Harvest” to be held in this kingdom, this must stop urgently before we all die of hunger. We must all think together to find a solution to our problem, I will really be happy to have anyone who has a good suggestion to contribute."
 Everyone remained quiet, ruminating over this matter. It was difficult for anyone to make any decision. If only it was possible to fly up and open up the clouds to pour out water or make crops grow magically from the soil. No reasonable suggestion was forthcoming. The silent environment remained undisturbed for long until a voice spoke out.
 It was the big Elephant, Pomana "It will be very good if some of us can leave our land in search of food somewhere else. I think that the famine might not extend to every place and if we can get food at any place, we will bring it to our land ". 
"That is a very good suggestion," all the animals chorused excitedly. Dale and all the animals were very happy with Pomana's suggestion. 
“Does anybody have a better suggestion?" Dale asked. 
Xoxo, a cat spoke out, "I think a better option that won't make us to stress ourselves by traveling to a very great distance is that we should dig the ground until we reach water and we shall use the water to plant crops and there will also be drinking water for all…." “Shut up!” Danny an antelope shouted without letting him finish his statement. 
“If you don't have any reasonable suggestion, keep your mouth shut, so you expect all of us to start digging the ground until we reach the water table".
 All the animals busted into laughter, making poor Xoxo feel so desolate. Dale called them to order and informed them that Pomana's suggestion will be followed. Everyone was very happy and they chose Pomana (Elephant), Hopsy (Zebra), Danny (Antelope), Aris (Kangaroo) and Donny (Tortoise) as the animals to go in search of food. Everyone went home feeling happy while Xoxo was very sad with the way his opinion was rudely rejected and mocked by everyone. But he was comforted by his best friend Lolly, a rat. The next day they woke up very early. On arrival at the king’s palace, the king’s messengers gave them large bags. They set on their journey and Dale wished them a successful journey. Everywhere was dry, all the crops had wilted. It was a strenuous journey because most of them had not eaten.  When they got out of the kingdom, they realized that the animal kingdom was not the only place affected by the famine.
 "I believe we shall be lucky to get to a place not affected by the famine, " Danny said.
 "Do not worry, I am sure that the famine doesn't extend to every part of the world," Pomana replied Danny. 
"I hope so,” Aris cut in. 
"We shall continue our journey till we find a place where there is food, ” Pomana said hopefully.
 They continued their journey, but it wasn't as easy as they earlier thought. After three days of journey, they finally reached a place that was not affected by famine. Everywhere was green with crops and ever-green trees. They were very happy that they finally got to a place where they would get food.
 “You recall that I told you that the famine doesn't extend to everywhere," Pomana said happily. 
“Let us be quick, we must begin stuffing our bags with lots of food.” 
“Before we begin to fill our bags, we must first of all fill our stomachs.” Donny said jokingly. They all laughed. As they were laughing, Hopsy saw a man coming afar off and she shouted, clouded with fright. “Let’s runaway, look at that man coming afar off, quickly hide under a large tree."
 “I don't think that it is possible for us to get any food here because if the humans see us, they will kill us." Aris said. 
"You are right Aris, this is a death trap.” Pomana said looking from under the tree at the man coming and she realized that he was coming straight in the direction of the tree. Pomana quickly made an alarm, "Let's run into the bush, the human is almost here.” 
They immediately ran into a nearby bush. They stayed inside the bush, the man soon got to the tree. "We are very lucky to have left the tree before he arrived," Pomana said. The man started plucking mangoes from the tree, dropping them into a basket.
 "So it is a mango tree and none of us noticed it, if I had known that it is a mango tree, I would have plucked some mangoes to eat." 
“Shut up Donny! I knew that it's a mango tree, if we were plucking those mangoes, how would Pomana detect that the human had almost reached us? The human would just meet us there and will kill us easily." Aris said. 
Danny said to Aris, "We have two options, either we go and get the food and the human sees us and kill us or we will go back home and starve to death. We just have to know how we are going to get the food without being seen by anyone. It doesn't make any sense if we return back home without food”. 
“Let's us wait here, we shall go out when he leaves." Pomana counseled.
 They stayed inside the bush watching the man.  After sometime the man climbed down and he went away from the sight of the animals. 
"Now the rest of you should go and get food." Pomana told them.
 "What do you mean, are you trying to tell us that you are not coming with us?" Danny asked Pomana. 
"This is what I mean, you and others will go and get the food while I will be here to monitor any human that might be coming, so that I will be able to alert you quickly. " Pomana replied Danny.
 Donny talked laughing, "You are very funny Pomana, you will stay inside this bush and do you think it is possible for you to see any human coming afar off from this bush, you better tell us the truth that you are afraid to go out with us.” 
 Aris said fearfully, "Me too, I am afraid of going out because of humans."
 Danny retorted, "If every one of us is afraid to go out, how then shall we get food to eat?" 
Donny faced Danny and said, "you are right but I think Pomana and Aris are also right because if we go out there, we are risking our lives, we should stay in this bush till night and then come out when no human will be able to see us." 
"That is not a better idea as far as I am concerned, hunger has almost killed me, I don’t think that I can stay here till night while food lies outside, even if anyone of you will not follow me I will go out and I won't share the food with anyone of you." Danny said and he stepped out of the bush.
 "Do not worry I will go with you." Hopsy said as she followed Danny. When they got outside they looked around and they didn't see anybody. 
"Let us be quick, " Danny told Hopsy. 
They started harvesting the food crops as if they were the farmers that planted them, filling their bags with food. Pomana, Aris and Donny had come out of the bush to join them. 
"What is this? Elephant! Zebra! Tortoise! Kangaroo! and Antelope on my farm," someone shouted. 
They looked back and they saw the same man holding a cutlass. Their spirit almost flew out of them, they abandoned their bags, took to their heels and fled into the bush.
 The infuriated farmer chased them into the bush. "You stupid animals, I will make sure I kill you."
 They could hear his running footsteps behind them. They ran as fast as they could, this created a wider space between them and the man. The farmer became frustrated when he saw that they had gone very far. He decided to always be on his farm and make sure he killed any animal that come to his farm to steal his crops. 

They continued running through the bush, the bush path led into a small village. Everyone in the village was stunned by the presence of these animals, some became frightened and ran away from them. While some brought out their weapons to deal with these animals. They started chasing them with various weapons. This worsened the situation for the animals. A small boy threw a stone at them and it landed on Pomana's head. They continued running endlessly as the humans continued to pursue them until they reached the dead-end of the village, the people stopped the futile chase. These animals still continued their race for survival, until late in the evening when they realized that the humans have stopped pursuing them. They reached a place, almost as dry as a desert, it had been greatly affected by the famine. They continued walking and every one of them was feeling so sad, thinking that they may all starve to death if the famine continued. 
“This is very pathetic, no food, this is just a fruitless journey". Aris said almost weeping. 
"Hunger will kill us all, " Danny said sobbing. 
They felt so tired and after walking a while they had to rest under a tree, where they slept. They woke up very early in the morning and began their journey back home. They did not have enough strength to embark on another search for food. After trekking for about three kilometers, they reached the animal kingdom and they went straight to Dale's palace. Dale was happy to see them, but he was surprised to see them in a very sad mood and with no bags filled with food.  
"How was the journey, did you get any food?" Dale asked them.
 “The journey was not as easy as we thought, we got to a place where there is food, but it was where the humans live and the humans almost killed us. We were lucky to escape from them, so we couldn't get any food.” Pomana explained to Dale.
 Dale felt very sad after listening to Pomana's explanation. He decided to call a meeting of all the animals to discuss on the next step to be taken to solve their problem of lack of food. It was an emergency meeting. Dale sent out his messengers to inform the animals that the team had returned back from their journey. They were very happy with the hope that the team came back with large amount of food. Their happiness was tarnished when Dale explained to them about the journey in search of food, how Pomana and his friends were almost killed by the humans. All the animals were put in the dilemma that they might all die of starvation. 
“This is a great challenge for all of us, does anyone of you think of a better way for us to get food?" Dale asked them. All of them remained quiet, none could think of another way for them to get food. 
“Okay, if none of you have no suggestion on this matter, I think we shall go with Xoxo’s suggestion. Recall that he suggested during the last meeting that we should embark on digging the ground till we reach water and use the water to plant crops." Dale told them. 
They all agreed that they should do what Xoxo suggested, because that seemed to be their only hope of survival. Xoxo was extremely happy that his suggestion which had been rubbished by everyone was finally considered very important. They decided that the next day, they will start the digging work. The digging work will be done under a large tree located in the centre of the animal kingdom and all animals were expected to be there very early in the morning with their various digging tools. Xoxo out of his excitement poked fun at Danny, who had criticized him a lot because of his suggestion. "Danny, Danny, Danny, I think Pomana's suggestion is the reason why you were almost killed by humans". Danny who was very hungry and weak ignored Xoxo’s mock. Danny, Pomana, Aris, Hopsy and Donny all went to see Dale again. They complained to him that they were all hungry and weak. Dale gave them the permission to go to his palace and collect the little food remaining (the food kept for sick animals) from his messenger.

As they were trekking back to Dale's palace feeling weak and hopeless. 
Donny spoke out, "Please, wait for me, let me go and ease myself."
 "You better be quick," Pomana told Donny.
 "Do not worry, I will soon be back. " Donny assured her. 
Donny quickly left, he started running, although a slow runner he ran through a path which was a shorter distance to Dale's palace. Pomana and his friends could not wait for so long, they continued their journey to Dale's palace. They decided that they will collect his food and give it to him when they returned. Donny had quickly reached Dale's palace, he told Max (Dale's messenger) that Dale sent him to collect food for him and others that went for the journey in search of food. 
“Where are the rest of you that went in search of food?” Max asked. 
“They are busy discussing with the king.” Donny quickly replied.
 "Didn't you get food on your journey?"
"No, we didn't ". 
 ”Please be quick," Donny hastened Max. 
Max gave Donny all the food. Donny quickly left the palace and ran back home. Pomana, Aris, Hopsy and Danny later arrived at the palace. They told Max that Dale sent them to collect food from him. They were astonished when Max informed them that Donny had come to collect food on their behalf.
 "Donny told me that Dale sent him to collect food for all of you that went to search for food." Max explained to them.  
"What! So Donny was lying when he told us that he wanted to go and ease himself. " Pomana said angrily. 
They narrated to Max that Dale sent them to collect food from him and on their journey to the palace, Donny lied to them that he wanted to ease himself and he didn't return till they arrived at the palace. Max was very surprised that Donny was lying. By this time, Dale had arrived at his palace and they explained to him what Donny had done. Dale was very furious and he demanded to see Donny immediately. Pomana and his friends searched for Donny in his habitat but they didn't find him there. They searched everywhere for him but they found no traces of him. They were very angry and returned to the palace to inform Dale that Donny had fled. Dale assured them that he will make sure he apprehended Donny the second day and he gave them little food to eat. 


On the second day, Dale sent out about ten of his messengers to search for Donny. They first of all went to Donny's habitat but they couldn't find him. They searched everywhere and they finally found him sleeping under a tree.
 "So this where you are hiding, you this liar, the king wants you immediately in his palace." Max’s voice woke up Donny.  
Donny immediately discovered that his deceitful act had been known and he didn't hesitate to follow them. The problem facing him at that moment was what he would concoct to justify himself. He kept on thinking on what to say till they reached the palace.
 "Why did you lie and what have you done with the food given to you?"  Dale asked Donny.
 "Your majesty, this was how it happened. When I and others were coming to the palace they told me that they were very tired and didn't have the strength to walk to the palace and I decided to help them. So I came to the palace and collected the food for all of us. When I returned I couldn't find them and I searched for them everywhere, but I couldn't see them till mid-night when I decided to rest under a tree where I ate my food and slept. I kept the rest of the food for them under the tree, when I woke up this morning I couldn't see the food again where I kept it. I think that when I was asleep, somebody might have come and stolen the food. I slept back and soon after, your messengers came to me and woke me up and informed me that you want to see me. "

Donny formulated a lie that bewildered Dale and made him to wonder, who was actually lying whether Donny or Pomana and his friends. 
Max spoke out angrily, "Your majesty, when Donny came to the palace yesterday Donny didn't tell me that Pomana, Aris, Hopsy and Danny didn't follow him because they were weak, instead he told me that they were busy discussing with you.”   
"Is that true," Dale asked Donny? 
“Truly he asked me about the welfare of others and I told him that they were busy discussing with you. I didn't want to take so long before I arrived with the food, because they had told me to arrive early with the food." Donny replied. 
To verify the authenticity of Donny's story, Dale sent for Pomana and his friends. Pomana, Aris, Hopsy and Danny arrived at the palace. They were all surprised to see Donny and they wondered where Donny had been hiding since the day before. 
"Now, Donny explain yourself in their presence, what happened to the food given to you." Dale ordered Donny.
 Donny began narrating the same story he formulated. "What! You are a terrible liar.” Danny, Aris, pomana and Hopsy chorused together after Donny finished his explanation. 
“Your highness, you remember what we told you yesterday that Donny lied that he wanted to ease himself and we couldn't see him and when we got to the palace your messenger informed us that Donny had come to collect all the food. We searched for him yesterday night and we couldn’t find him.”  Pomana explained. 

 Donny retorted "Ah! what are you saying Pomana, when did I tell any of you that I wanted to ease myself, isn't it you, Aris, Hopsy and Danny that told me that you are all very tired and I should help you to collect food from the palace?" 
They all started arguing in front of Dale, Donny maintained his lies. Donny continued to formulate more plausible lies that confused Dale, making it difficult to detect who was actually lying.  Dale knew that it won't be easy for him to get the person who is actually lying although he had a greater suspicion that Donny is the liar.  He wished to catch Donny red-handed so that he will be able to give him the proper punishment.
  "Ok, all of you keep quiet and stop this argument, there is a lot of work for us to do. Today we are starting the digging work and I assure you all that before the end of the day, I will make sure I figure out the truth concerning this issue. I want every one of you to go and assemble under the large tree in the centre of this kingdom."
 Almost all the animals had assembled under the large tree with their various digging equipment waiting for Dale to arrive. Dale apologized to everyone for arriving late and they were all arranged into groups, about ten in numbers and the work was to be done group by group. Donny belonged to the first group but he didn't come along with his digging equipment, he took excuse from Dale to go to his habitat to bring his digging equipment. Dale allowed him, Donny quickly left and unknown to Donny, Dale had sent about three of his messengers to follow him. Donny first of all went to the tree where he was found, removed his food from where he kept it and carried it to his habitat. He knew that everyone was at the digging work and no one would see him as he took the food into his habitat. He started eating the food. About ten minutes after he began enjoying himself, Dale's messengers entered into his habitat and saw the small bag of food in front of him. 
"What! Isn't this the bag I used to serve you food yesterday? You’re a terrible liar." Max said angrily. 
Donny tried to defend himself but Max gave him a terrible slap that sent sparks into his eyes. Donny couldn't retaliate but surrender. They collected the bag of food from him and took him straight to Dale. Dale was happy when they brought Donny along with the bag of food. They had to stop the digging work because of the urgent message concerning Donny’s crime.
 "Donny is an incorrigible liar. Can anyone believe that Donny is such a mischievous fellow?" Dale said to everyone.
 Dale narrated to all of them what Donny did and they were all surprised. Pomana, Aris, Hopsy and Danny were extremely happy that Donny's wicked act was finally exposed. Donny was put in a cage and was not to be given any food till he was released, even if there was abundant food. Everyone believed that Donny got his just deserts for being greedy and deceitful. Pomana, Aris, Danny and Hopsy wished Donny could be given a more severe punishment by Dale. 

The food collected from Donny was shared among everyone and they continued the digging work group by group. By night, the water table had not been reached. They continued the futile digging work for the next three days. The animals were very weak as there was just little food to sustain them. They digged for a whole week but they had not yet reached the water table. They had no other choice but to abandon the digging work, many of them had almost died. Since they carried out a herculean task with no food in their stomach.  Many of the animals blamed Xoxo for suggesting that they should dig the ground. 
"I knew that digging the ground will only worsen the situation, all animals have almost died because of this nonsense digging work, Xoxo your suggestion almost killed us all." Pomana said to Xoxo.
 "But your own suggestion almost got you, Aris, Hopsy, Danny and Donny killed by humans." Xoxo retorted. 
Danny was eating wilted grasses. "What! What is the meaning of what you are doing, don't tell me that it is because you are hungry that's why you are eating those wilted grasses? "Pomana asked Danny."
“This has been my food for the past two days,” Danny replied Pomana." 
“I can't eat it and I wonder how awfully it will taste in my mouth." Pomana said irritably. 
"There are only two options for us, it is either we start eating these grasses or we started eating ourselves." Danny told Pomana. 
"This is a nonsense food, I still have the hope that it will rain". Pomana said hopefully.  
"If it is a nonsense food, I think I will prefer to eat you, because you are still succulent although you are suffering from hunger not like me that have become so pale and thin". Danny said eating the wilted grasses voraciously. 
"Okay, you should devour me instead," Pomana replied him and she went to her habitat. 
Xoxo joined Danny in his food and they both started plucking the grasses. Xoxo didn't enjoy the taste of grasses, it tasted so badly.
 "Pomana is right, this food tastes awful," Xoxo told Danny. 
Lolly came to Xoxo and he started eating with him. "Is it nice?" Xoxo asked Lolly. 
"I am just managing it, there is no other food for me to eat," replied Lolly.
After sometime, they left Danny who continued eating the grasses. Xoxo followed Lolly to his habitat. Xoxo went round Lolly's habitat in search for food, although Lolly had told him that he had no food but he knew that Lolly usually kept food in his habitat and he might be lying to him so that he won't share in it. As he was moving round the habitat he saw some food and he decided to take it without the consent of Lolly.  He was thinking of the strategy to use to get the food out of Lolly's habitat without being detected.
 Lolly suddenly appeared beside him and shouted at him, "what are you doing with my food?" 
"But you told me before that you had no food, can you give me part of it?" 
“It is impossible. There are about fifteen rats in this habitat. I am not the only one to eat in it, you cannot get a bit to eat.” 
“I thought that your food were those wilted weeds.” 
"I feed on both.”
“No problem,” Xoxo muttered and returned to his habitat feeling sad.


















 

CHAPTER 3: THE REALITY ON GROUND 
The whole kingdom remained in sadness as there was no food for anyone to eat. Dale as the king was the saddest. He had no solution to tackle the hunger problem. Everyone fed on anything to sustain themselves. The wilted weeds became the main meal of many animals. Lolly and his friends managed the little food they had and sometimes fed on the wilted weeds. Xoxo found it extremely hard to feed on these wilted weeds. He decided to discuss with other cats (his friends) living in the same habitat on how they were going to solve their food problem.
 "What are we going to do, I hate feeding on those wilted weeds." Xoxo discussed with his friends.
 "I haven't eaten for the past three days, those weeds taste awful.” Catty said sadly.  
Xoxo had a lengthy discussion with his friends concerning Lolly who had some food in his habitat and refused to give him any part of the food. They decided to go into Lolly's habitat and forcefully collect the food from him. The second day, Xoxo and his friends went to Lolly's habitat. Lolly was amazed to see them and he felt uncomfortable. Xoxo no longer paid him visits since his refusal to give him food.
 "What brought all of you here? " Lolly asked.
 "Nothing," Catty answered. 
"Please do you still have some food with you, " Xoxo asked. 
"If it's the issue of food, I don't have any food." Lolly said firmly.
 “Ok, let us search your habitat if we will find any food.” Xoxo said laughing mischievously." 
Dolly, another rat in the habitat who already suspected that the cats came to steal their food had already taken the bag containing the food and started running. 
Xoxo saw the rat and he shouted, "That's the food! " 
All the cats started running after the poor rat, the other rats tried to stop them but they kicked them away. Dolly vanished from their sight and they wondered where he could have hidden himself without being seen. They returned back to the rats' habitat and they threatened to deal with Lolly if he doesn’t give them food. Lolly refused, this infuriated the cats more and they attacked the rats. Lolly and eleven rats managed to escape but two rats were taken by the cats. The rats came across Dolly who was inside a hidden hole, where he kept the food. They explained to him how Xoxo and his allies attacked them and captured two of them. They decided that the best way for them to be safe from the wrath of the cats is to hide inside the hole. The cats took the rats to their habitat and put them in a cage. They discussed on what to do with the rats they had kidnapped, whether to kill them or not. They decided to search for Lolly and the other rats and inform them that if they failed to give them the food, the abducted rats would be killed. The next day they went in search of the rats everywhere but couldn’t find them. 

They returned back to their habitat puzzled of what to do to get food and whether they should kill the rats or not. 
“If we kill these rats what shall we gain, will that give us the food?" Xoxo asked his friends.
 "Ok, this is what we shall do, we will kill the two rats and take their dead bodies. We shall search every part of the animal kingdom to locate the rats and if we find them, we will show them the dead bodies of the rats and threaten to kill all of them if they don’t give us food." Hucy said.
 "I think that will be better. If they see the dead bodies they will quickly give us their food." Xoxo said to Hucy.
 Catty replied Xoxo and Hucy, "What nonsense is both of you saying, if we kill the rats with us, we will then set on another journey of searching for Lolly and co.
“The last time we couldn’t find them and the journey was so strenuous that I almost fainted because I haven't eaten in a long time." 
“You are right the journey was so strenuous." Xoxo confirmed.
 "Okay, what is your suggestion?" Hucy asked facing Catty.
 Catty lowered his voice to a horrible whisper, "Let me tell you what I think will be better for us to do, we should kill the two rats with us and eat them." 
 "What nonsense have you just said, we should eat rats? " all the cats chorused. 
 "Are you completely out of your senses?" Xoxo asked angrily.
 "Okay, we should do what Hucy suggested, I hope it works, if we shall not spend eternity finding the rats."
 They all remained lost in thoughts. None seemed to have the inspiration to say anything, until Hucy spoke. "I think Catty is right.” The other five cats nodded in agreement except Xoxo. 
“You all know that we and the rats are friends, because of lack of food, should we now turn them into food, is that not barbaric?" Xoxo asked them.
 "Even if we just kill those rats and do not eat them, do we treat them as our friends?" Hucy asked Xoxo. 
"Okay, we should eat them." Xoxo agreed.
 They brought out the two rats from the cage, these rats begged for mercy. Mercilessly, the cats killed and consumed them. 
"Wow! this is so delicious, who knew that the rat's meat is so delicious?" Xoxo said and they all laughed. 
They decided that the next day they will search for all the rats in every part of the animal kingdom, kill them and use them as their food. Lolly and the other rats remained in their hole and fed on the little food they had left. None of them dared to come out because of the cats. Their fear was that the cats wanted to steal their food, unknown to them that the cats had become a worse savage.  The cats were determined not to leave any stone unturned in their bid to find the rats. 
The next day they set on a journey to hunt for every rat in the animal kingdom. They searched every nook and cranny of the kingdom but the rats couldn't be found. 
"It seems as if these rats have vanished from the animal kingdom so that they won't be seen." Xoxo said. 
"There is no place they can escape to, we shall find them and kill all of them." Catty said enthusiastically.
 "I hope so, " replied Hucy. 
They continued their journey for three fruitless days, they were i exhausted. Food had finished, the rats decided to go out to search for food and returned to the hole quickly, fearing that the cats might see them. Lolly, Dolly and about five mice went out to pluck the wilted weeds. The cats had not given up, they did not want to return back to their habitat empty handed. About a little distance from their hole, the rats went to pluck the wilted weeds which were now small in quantity, because many animals in the kingdom were feeding on them.  As they were plucking the weeds, Dolly saw Xoxo and the other cats coming afar off.
 "See, the cats are already here, let us quickly leave this place, they have already known we are here." Dolly shouted. 
They quickly carried the little weeds they had plucked and ran to their hole. They informed the other rats in the hole that the cats had discovered their hiding place. They all ran out of their hole and fled, heading to a hidden place which the cats would not be able to locate.
 As they were running, Xoxo sited them and shouted, "Alas! That is the rats running away." 
They started running after them. One would find it hard to believe that they had trekked for three days without eating, the cats ran with such great strength and agility. The rats too had noticed that the cats were running after them and they increased their speed. The scene of both of them running desperately was very pathetic. The rats were running for their life and the cats running after their food. 
"We must not let them get away, this is our best chance." Hucy muttered running heavily. 
There was no safe place for the rats to hide without being seen by the cats. Fortunately for the rats, the cats were relatively far from them no matter how hard the cats ran, they couldn't keep the same pace with the rats.  The rats got to a large tree which is drought resistant and still retain the beautiful green canopy formed by its abundant evergreen branches. The rats quickly climbed the tree. These branches obscured the rats from being seen as they climbed the tree. The cats continued to run forward and forward until they passed by the tree without seeing them. The rats extremely rejoice that the tree protected them from the wrath of the cats. The cats continued to run and run and they noticed that they could no longer see the rats. 
Hucy suddenly stopped and said, "Stop! Where are these rats, have they hidden somewhere?"
 They stopped and Catty said, "It is true I can't see them again but where do you think they would hide so quickly? We should continue running forward to capture these rats, this is our best chance to get them." 
They quickly resumed to their race after the rats. They run and run but couldn't find them till evening. They had become exhausted and decided to sleep, determined that the following day, they will continue their search for the rats. 
"Oh! It is very terrible that we couldn't capture them," Catty said sadly before sleeping.

At night, the rats climbed down from the tree. They held a meeting on what to do next to protect themselves from cats' invasion. They decided to move to a very far distance and they got to a place where they began digging a hole. The hole was very deep, they packed their weeds into this hole and they used part of the weeds and stones to cover the hole. They dressed around the hole in such a way that it is difficult to discern that a hole exists there and they slept in the hole. Early in the morning, the cats woke up and were determined to get hold of the rats by any means. The rats decided that they will remain in the hole and will only come out in the mid-night when everyone will be asleep. As usual, the cats began their search for their food (rats). They began their journey again throughout the whole kingdom till evening.  
"What shall we do to solve our problem?" Molly, another cat asked Xoxo.
 "There is nothing we can do again than to search for them". Xoxo replied wearily.  
"We shall get them by all means possible," muttered Catty.
 For many days it was still the same old story. The rats remained in their hole enjoying themselves with the weeds and they all felt despair that the cats would have killed the two rats they had kidnapped. 
During their journey they got to a place where some weeds were located. “I think we should go back to eating these weeds,” Molly said.
 "I don't think so." Hucy said sadly. 
"Never will I eat those wilted weeds. We shall get those rats by all means necessary." Catty said angrily. 
Molly ignored Catty and she started eating the weeds, as she was eating these weeds she noticed that there was a hole under them. She dipped her hands into the hole and she discovered that the hole was deep.
 She quickly called the attention of others, "Come and see this deep hole I found here.” 
They quickly rushed to check the hole. As they tried to check the hole, about six rats rushed out and they immediately ran after them.
"So this is where these rats are hiding," Catty said shockingly. 
The remaining six rats ran out of the hole. Catty and Xoxo were able to catch two rats each while the other six cats couldn’t catch any rat. Lolly was the first to be caught by Xoxo. The other rats ran so fast and they decided to leave them alone and held firm to the four rats they had captured. 

"Let me tell you the fact, if it is because of the food that is with us, we have finished eating it and you can't get any food from us." Lolly told them. 
 "Oh! you still believe that it is because of your food that is why we are searching for you, it is even worse." Xoxo replied Lolly. 
"What is worse? What have you done to the rats with you and what are you going to do with us?” Lolly asked Xoxo.
 Xoxo and the other cats busted into a wicked laughter. "Ah! You want to kill us all?" Lolly and the three other rats chorused. 
They returned to their habitat and they tied the rats tightly with a rope so that they won't escape. Xoxo brought out the bones of the rats they had killed and displayed them to the rats. 
He said to them, " These are the bones of the rats that we captured, we shall kill you and eat all of you now. 
"What! You want to kill us and eat us?" Lolly asked astonishingly.
 "You cats are malevolent," said the other three rats. 
“We shall kill all of you now.” Hucy said. 
Catty called out other cats to a corner to discuss with them.
 "Let us be prudent, it is not wise for us to kill all these rats and eat them today, we should kill only one of them for today and tomorrow we will kill another and by that we shall be able to get something to eat for four days."
  When they returned they discovered that the rats had loose themselves. It was a wonder how the rats were able to loose themselves from the tight rope. They were tied in a row with a rope attached to two long sticks. The rats had been watching how the cats tied them with the rope to the two sticks, the rope was tied into a knot at the middle, the rat at the middle used his teeth to untie the knot and they were set free. This infuriated the cats. They blamed themselves for all moving away from the vicinity of the rats. They could see the rats running afar off. They embarked on another race after these rats, running with great strength and agility. The rats were surprised to see the cats running very close to them. The cats did not waste their golden opportunity. The rat closest to them was caught. This made the other three rats increase their pace, luck smiled on them as they were able to escape from the brutality of the cats. In short, the cats were able to get back only one rat out of the four rats they had captured. They blamed themselves for leaving the rats behind. 
“Maybe we should not have followed Catty, we should all have stayed here.” Xoxo complained. 
“You cannot blame me for what happened. I was trying to give a good suggestion so that we can have enough to eat.” Catty retorted. 
“In the process of you suggesting to us, you made us lose three whole rats.” Molly said furiously. 
“What! It is your fault, if you, Xoxo and Hucy had tied them properly they won’t be able to loose themselves and escape.” Catty replied angrily.  
“What! You can’t defend yourself at all, we all know that those rats are very mischievous and they need to be watched over to prevent them from escaping, but you moved us away from this place for a fruitless discussion.” Hucy replied Catty. 
They all continue to argue, the argument proceeded into a fight when Hucy slapped Catty. They all started beating each other, with all blames on Catty.  Xoxo knew that their fight will never earn them anything, it will only worsen their situation. He decided to play the role of a peacemaker.
 ‘’Okay, this has happened and I think that we should not quarrel over it, anyway we have one rat with us and we shall share that and tomorrow morning we shall search for them.” 
The fighting stopped spontaneously, the cats returned back to their senses realizing that their fight will never put any food into their stomach. 
 “Searching for these rats is a totally fruitless journey, tomorrow morning we shall start another strenuous journey of searching after those rats, after they have been set free because of Catty.” Molly told Xoxo. 
“But we have no other choice than that,” Xoxo replied Molly. 
Dolly begged them to spare him but they heeded not to his plead and they performed the role of an executioner on him, shared his body among themselves and slept till another morning to begin another hunting journey for rats. They had determined that if they capture the rats again they will kill them instantly. 

In the night Lolly and the other three rats that escaped from the cats’ death trap finally found their way to the place where the remaining rats were hiding. The rats were very happy that they had escaped from captivity of the cats, but felt sad when they were informed that Dolly was taken away. They went to a part of the animal kingdom which was probably the most isolated place in the kingdom. Only few animals were found there. They dug a very deep hole in which they would live. They camouflaged the top of the hole with wilted weeds. The purpose of the weeds was to camouflage their hole from the cats if they possibly found them and the weeds also serve as food for them, although they had packed some wilted weeds into their hole. The next day the cats set out to hunt for rats and they continued their journey for about a week, regretting how they carelessly let the rats escape. All the animals in the kingdom had almost died of hunger. All the wilted weeds had been nearly exhausted. Pomana, Danny, Aris and Hopsy in their quest for the weeds went to the isolated part of the animal kingdom and they found the weeds the rats used to camouflage their hole. These animals started to feed on these weeds, the activities of these animals frightened the rats inside the hole and they thought that it was the cats that had found them. As the animals were gulping up all the weeds the spirits of these rats had almost flown out of them. They knew that if the cats got hold of them again, there won’t be a chance of escape, the cats will kill them all. They started shivering with fear. The animals later discovered the hole and they saw rats inside it. 
“What are these rats doing here?” Pomana asked rhetorically. 
The overwhelming fear in the rats immediately vanished when they discovered that it was not the cats that were at their hole. Lolly and three other rats came out of the hole and they explained to these animals the main reason why they hid inside the hole and the wicked act of the cats toward them. The animals were very surprised. 
“I don’t know that the cats were so wicked, they feed on you rats because you are smaller and weaker than them.” Pomana said in surprise.
 The rats pleaded with these animals to conceal their habitat and they promised the rats that they will not reveal their habitat to the cats. The cats were still searching for the rats all over. The friendship between the cats and rats was broken forever. They had now become the archenemy of one another.













CHAPTER 4:  THE BIRTH OF THE SAVAGE
A strange event occurred in the animal kingdom. Demmy (Lion), Mimy (Tiger) and Bud (Cheetah) conspired to kill a kangaroo. Dale and other animals were very furious and they wondered why Demmy, Mimy and Bud could have killed an innocent kangaroo. The other kangaroos in the animal kingdom were the most irritated and they carried the broken bones of this kangaroo to Dale. Dale promised them that he will take the necessary action. Dale called a meeting of all the animals in the kingdom, all the kangaroos came to the meeting but few other animals came because they were hungry and weak. In the meeting, Dale interrogated Demmy, Mimy and Bud concerning the death of the kangaroo. These three animals denied killing the kangaroo and claimed that the kangaroo died of hunger. 
A small Kangaroo came out and said, “I was hiding under a tree when Demmy, Mimy and Bud forcefully attacked the kangaroo, killed him and took him away.”
 The three animals were dumbfounded because they knew that the allegation against them was true. There was nothing they could say to elude themselves from the truth that they killed the animal. 
 “Why did you kill the kangaroo? I don’t believe that little animal is lying that he saw you when you killed the kangaroo.” 
“The kangaroo stole the little food we had and we became so furious and killed him.” Demmy replied Dale.
 “That’s a big lie, we kangaroos are not thieves.” All the kangaroos responded angrily.
  “If truly the kangaroo stole your food, why didn’t you report him to me, no animal in this kingdom must kill his fellow animal. Demmy, Mimy and Bud will be punished for their action and they will be put in the prison.” All the kangaroos were very happy that they will be incarcerated for killing one of them. 

Dale was confused of what to do, the rain ceased to fall and there was no food for anyone to eat. Dale and his fellow lions in his habitat had almost died. But recently some lions began eating some food which they shared among themselves. Dale was given part of this food and he was extremely happy to have eaten after a very long period of time.  Dale asked Max where he had gotten the food he gave him. Max explained to Dale that the food was the meat of the Kangaroo that Demmy, Mimy and Bud killed. 
“What! It is forbidden for us to be eating animals like us.’’ Dale said shockingly and furiously.
 Max and other lions tried their best to convince Dale that there is no better option for them than to eat other animals, but Dale remained unyielding, insisting that it is totally ridiculous for them to be eating other animals like them. The other lions did not agree with Dale that it is not proper for them to eat other animals. These savages joined hands together with cheetahs and tigers to kill two antelopes. These two antelopes will provide an ample of food for all of them to eat, they thought. Dale had no better option than to eat the meat of these antelopes. Dale finally accepted in his mind that other animals will be the best source of food for them, he therefore decided with other lions, cheetahs and tigers that their main aim will be hunting for other animals, to kill and eat them. Dale ordered the release of Demmy, Mimy and Bud from prison.

The savage act of these animals continued and this raised an alarm among other animals that the lions, tigers and cheetahs were using them as food. The savage animals could easily kill other animals because they are stronger, fierce and daring. Everyday, an animal fell a victim in the hand of these savage animals. Dale was unhappy that it had been known to other animals that they were killing them. He didn’t want his cruel act to be known to other animals. In his attempt to depict himself as being innocent, he arranged a meeting of all the animals to inform them that he will do something to stop this cruel act. Every animal in the kingdom came to the meeting and they felt irate about the malicious act of these savage animals. Dale informed them that he will make sure he got hold of the savages among them and deal seriously with them. All the animals were very happy with Dale, unknown to them that Dale is among the savage beasts. After this meeting, Dale and other lions, tigers and cheetahs continued to be predators to all animals in the kingdom. The period during which the predators went out to hunt for their prey was mostly in the night when all animals are sleeping. All the animals couldn’t bear this abysmal situation and had no other option, but to seek protection in the night. They sought protection by sleeping in the isolated places which would be very difficult for their predators to locate. Soon, it became very difficult for these savage animals to hunt for their food. 

Even during the day, most animals hid in their isolated homes. Dale and his allies held a meeting on what to do to solve their problem, a new technique to catch their prey. Max suggested that Dale should call a meeting of all the animals to tell them that he had gotten the murderers in the animal kingdom that killed other animals and this will give them the best chance to get them and kill them. As Max suggested, Dale called the meeting of all the animals to tell them that the murderers in the animal kingdom had been arrested. All the animals trooped to the meeting, like a school of fish swimming towards the bait. Dale made sure that all the animals had gathered and he began addressing them. When all the animals had paid intensive attention to him, other lions, tigers and cheetahs started to attack these animals. Everywhere immediately turned to a state of pandemonium with every prey running away from its predator. Pomana which is a very big elephant was the first to be attacked by about two lions and tigers. She struggled with them, she was seriously wounded, but managed to escape from them. Likewise, other big elephants managed to escape from them but the smaller elephants were killed by them. Animals such as zebras, antelopes, kangaroos, deers, monkeys and other weaker animals were easily killed by the predators. Apart from the elephants, only the lucky ones managed to escape from the death trap. These animals were very surprised that Dale was among the murderers in the kingdom and they realized that the meeting was a trap for them. These animals scattered to different isolated places, where they would be more protected. Dale and his friends were very happy to get so much food to eat, it didn’t matter to them if the rain never came back as long as they got more animals to kill and eat. The animals felt despair for their lives, there was no food for them to eat and their lifespan was destined to be as short as determined by the predators. 
Pomana and other elephants held a meeting together on what to do to ensure their protection against the predators. 
“We must do something to stop these savage animals or else they will kill us all.” 
“They have killed about six elephants,” said another elephant sadly. 
“We should note that the ones which were killed among us are our children who are not yet as strong as us, instead of all of us running away when we come across the savages, we should be walking in groups with our young ones in the middle. When they attack us, we shall retaliate and by this we will be able to protect ourselves from these savage animals.” Pomana suggested.
 “Yes, that will be better, ” all the elephants agreed. 
All the elephants walked together in a group, ready to challenge any savage animal that attacked them. As usual the predators were looking for their preys everywhere. In their hunting expedition they came across the herd of elephants, not having a second thought, they attacked these elephants. The elephants who were prepared for the attack, fought back with all their strength, the savage animals were astounded that the elephants can react so violently. It was totally unbelievable, how the savage animals took to their heels, contrary to the normal phenomenon in the animal kingdom. The elephants continued to run after them but when the savage had run beyond their reach, they stopped chasing after them. The elephants were extremely glad that they were able to protect themselves from the savage creatures. The lions, tigers and cheetahs were very sad and worried, especially Dale. He was the saddest that they were unable to stand up against their prey, therefore, there seemed to be no hope for them to get their food again. 

The big news spread in the whole kingdom that the elephants were able to stand against the savage creatures and every animal was very happy. The other animals thought among themselves that it might be possible for them to stand up against the savage just like the elephants.
 But one major question baffled these animals,“is it possible for them to stand up against the savage animals like the elephants?” Firstly, the elephants are bigger than the savage animals, probably the largest animals on land and were a lot stronger than other animals. Therefore, the elephants have a greater advantage to stand against the savage. Despite their weakness, the animals had the hope that they will still be able to stand up against the savages. Among these animals were antelopes, zebras, giraffes which desired to put an end to the rule of the savage, other animals still hid themselves from the reach of the savage. The antelopes, zebras and giraffes joined forces together to stand up against the savages. On a particular occasion, the heroic animals walked together in a group ready to challenge any savage that appeared to them at any time. As usual, the savages were hunting for their prey and setting their eyes on this innocent group of animals, they wasted no time to devour them. The courage summoned by these animals immediately vanished as they saw the savages running fiercely towards them. They all took to their heels running helter skelter. With great agility and incredible enthusiasm for food, the savages devoured most of these animals. The lucky ones escaped and vowed never to exhibit again, the stupidity of thinking of fighting against the savages. 

This terrible situation continued for so long, these strong animals continued to ravage the entire kingdom to hunt for the weaker animals. It had led to disunity among animals, every animal cared only for its life.  Some animals who appeared to be fierce looking, strong and aggressive joined these savage animals in their hunting expedition. These animals included hyenas, leopards and foxes. Everything began to go wrong among these savage animals when Dale and other lions refused to share their food with the other savages. Due to the fact that the lions were the strongest among them, they usually killed more animals than their counterparts. The lions decided that they will hunt differently and not hunt in group again so that each of them can eat their food anyway they like, likewise the other savage animals choose to hunt differently. There was hardly a hiding place for the weaker animals, the savages, especially the lions sought them to any extent. The lions were too aggressive and cruel. They walked in prides to every part of the kingdom in search of other animals. The population of animals in the animal kingdom had been reduced to less than half, not only because of hunger but also the cruel acts of the savages. Despite their cruelty, the superior animals who fed on other animals began to die due to lack of food, as they had devoured almost all the weaker animals.

CHAPTER 5: HOPE FOR THE HOPELESS

Exactly two years after the famine began, rain fell in the animal kingdom and it was heavy. It was like a miracle that the animal kingdom could still experience rainfall. However, the great damage that had been done in the kingdom was irredeemable. The famine had led to cannibalism among animals and the death of several animals. The animals that were still alive were jubilant that rainfall finally came. Even the savage animals were very happy about the rain, but their appetite for other animals still persisted. Their main happiness was that they will get water to drink. Within some months, the animal kingdom had begun to return to normalcy, crops had begun to boom, giving the animals the chance to feed properly again. As they were going out to get their meals, the savages seized the opportunity to kill and feed on the weaker animals. The animals started moving in groups when going to feed. Whenever they sited the savages, they abandoned their food and ran away for their life. 

Donny, the tortoise was still in the cage for the sin he had committed two years ago. It is absolutely right to assume that he had been forgotten, because of the trauma in the animal kingdom. Amazingly, he was still alive despite he hadn't eaten for two years. It is not surprising that he had a comprehensive knowledge of what was going on in the animal kingdom concerning the strong wild animals feeding on other animals, as he could always watch from his cage, the cruel act of the savages on the weaker animals. He also knew well that rainfall had returned to the animal kingdom, as he was always battered with rain drops falling from the sky into his cage. His cage was made up of strong wood with medium sized round holes to allow the flow of oxygen into it for the respiration of the animal. Through it, Donny sees the outside. A small door is located in front of the cage which is only possible to be opened from the outside. Donny had tried uncountable times to open it but to no avail. He longed so much to be out of the cell so that he will be able to eat. He always watched animals in group eating from the crops that have bloomed, since the arrival of the rain and often animals moving in groups used to pass beside his cage. On a particular occasion Pomana and other elephants were passing beside his cage. Out of terrible hunger he was forced to ask Pomana to give him some food. Pomana laughed jocosely and told Donny that hunger will kill him in his cage for being cunny. Pomana and her friends bruised off Donny's request without any pity for his condition inside the cage. On a particular day, Donny saw a group of antelopes running helter skelter, he later discovered that they were being pursued by lions. Donny was always sad when he saw weaker animals running away from the savage animals. This is because, he thought of what will befall him when he gets out of the cage, wondering if he will not end up as lion's meal. He always comforted himself with the thought that he had the wisdom to defend himself from any savage. 

Some weeks later, Danny and other antelopes were passing by Donny's cage. Donny called Danny and asked what was happening in the animal kingdom and why other animals used to run away from the savages. Donny asked the question in such a way that anyone would think that he was a novice of what was going on in the kingdom. Danny gave him a clear explanation of what was going on in the kingdom, explaining that during the famine, the savage animals became cruel and began to eat other animals and even after the famine, they still continued their cruel act. He further explained that recently the lions had killed three of them. Donny really felt sorry for Danny and other antelopes. Donny thought that he should ask Danny to give him food, but he thought Danny would discover that he is feeling concern for him because of the food he wants to eat. He therefore decided to advice Danny on what to do to save them from the savage. 
"I think this is what you are supposed to do to save yourself from the lions. When you and other antelopes go to eat, an antelope should be stationed to monitor the environment and whenever he sites the lion afar of, he should raise alarm and everyone would run into hiding.”  
Danny thanked Donny for his concern and advice. The next day that they went to eat, Danny stationed himself monitoring the environment as others were eating. Soon, he saw the lions faraway and he alerted everyone and they packed some food along and began running desperately. This was done three times consecutively and they were happy that they were able to find a solution to their problem. Danny and his fellow antelopes went to Donny to thank him for the advice he gave them on how to protect themselves from the savage. Out of their recompense for Donny they released him from the prison. Donny was extremely happy that he had been able to use his wisdom to regain his freedom. Donny was extremely pale and feeble. He was a figure of his skeletal system, a shadow of his former stature and his bonny body showed the extent of his starvation.  Seeing tortoise, one will be amazed and forced to wonder how it was possible for him to survive, why he had not starved to death. Every one therefore concluded that tortoise must be a strange creature with an extraordinary body system that does not breakdown easily. Danny and his fellow antelopes pitied Donny and they decided that they will take good care of him. Donny was so weak that he was unable to walk and they had to carry him to their habitat.

Danny gave Donny a lot of food and he ate and ate throughout the day. Donny continued to live with the antelopes and the only thing for him to do was to eat and sleep. The antelopes decided to bring a lot of food to the habitat because of Donny. He always finished all the food, the antelopes were never angry with Donny's gluttony, because of how he had helped them and the period of time he had been denied food. Donny was very happy with the kind of life he was living, feeling overjoyed. He felt like a man upon an elephant enjoying the praises of people admiring him. Donny loved entertaining the antelopes with his tales about life. The tales were usually full of how he had lived in the past and how he used his wisdom to play tricks on other animals in order to make life easier for himself. He told a lot of imaginary stupefying stories. Since Donny's liberation from prison, he had not come outside to stroll around the animal kingdom. One of the main reasons was that he was afraid of the savage animals. On a particular day when the antelopes had gone to hunt for food, Donny felt like he should come out to view his environment. In his slow gait, touring round the kingdom. After walking about 2km, he sited a pride of lions walking towards him. Donny's heart immediately felt cold, a stream of fear flew through him but the fear was counteracted by another thought which assured Donny that the lions will not hurt him. Donny did not run away but stayed calm and put his head under his shell.
 As the lions approached Donny, one of the them asked hysterically. "Is this not tortoise, how did he release himself from the cage? " he used his leg to hit Donny's shell but he did not pull up his head.
 "A mischievous creature, " they all chorused.
 "Feeding on an animal like tortoise is ridiculous, a horrible creature, " another said irritably. 
Out of anger they all turned their back and returned back to where they were coming from. Tortoise was extremely happy that he was able to use his wisdom to protect himself from lions. He returned back to the antelope's habitat feeling overjoyed and he decided to keep this event a secret from the antelopes. 

 The savages did not allow the antelopes to enjoy a free life for so long. The antelopes that went to eat rushed back home and they reported to Donny that the lions bumped into them unawares and killed two of them.  Danny, the watchman didn't notice the lions afar off until they reached them. The antelopes begged him to teach them a more effective way to protect themselves from the lions. Donny told them to give him all the food remaining in the habitat and he assured them that after eating he will think over it and give them an advice on it. They all watched Donny eating all the food that ought to be managed by all the antelopes. Many of them were not happy with Donny but Danny and few others did not feel angry because they thought that Donny is an animal with great wisdom that should not be questioned. Donny was really hungry and didn't allow the misfortune of the antelopes to stop him from eating. Donny cared only about himself and nobody else. Donny ate all the food without leaving a damn for anyone else to eat. 
" By tomorrow I will follow you to get food." 
"And if you follow us tomorrow what are you going to do to protect us from the lions?" one of the antelopes asked angrily.
 Donny laughed and kept quiet for long and he finally blurted out, "I cannot blame you for that kind of question you asked me, because you are a greenhorn, it's not of the fool to know the path of the wise. ..." 
Danny interrupted, "Don't be angry Donny, we all know how you have been able to use your wisdom to help us."
“No problem, I will make sure I find a solution to the incessant trouble of the savage animals." Donny replied Danny.
 After then, Donny gave all the antelopes a lengthy lecture about philosophy concerning wisdom and how it can be used to solve the world's problem until they all slept off forgetting that they had not eaten any food.

The next morning, Donny followed the antelopes in their hunt for food. When they got to a large field with abundant food crops, Danny informed Donny that this is their food supply. 
"This is what we used to say concerning wisdom, I am sure that this place is not the only place with abundant food, the lions know well that this is where you always come to get your food and therefore take advantage of it. " Donny said irritably.
  "Okay what shall we do, do you know any other place with abundant food?" Danny asked wearily. 
"Don't worry I will take you to another place." Donny replied.
 Donny intended to take them to a particular place he had sited when he went out unknown to the antelopes. The place was relatively far and they had to walk very carefully in order to avoid the lions. They got to their destination and they were very happy because it had more food crops. They ate and ate. Donny decided to be the watchman and when his legs began to ache he decided to climb a nearby tree where he sat viewing the whole surrounding like a tourist admiring the beauty of the great works of nature. This will enable him to easily see any savage that might appear. After the antelopes had fed their stomach with what it desires they packed a lot of food home for tortoise. When they returned home, they thanked tortoise so much and tortoise was overjoyed. This magnificent life for tortoise and the antelopes continued for long and tortoise continued to be their watchman.  On a particular day as tortoise was on the tree viewing everywhere while the antelopes were busy on the field. He saw a pride of lions moving towards them, the lions were moving so slowly with their feet touching the ground gently, steadily and producing no sound of stamping feet. He quickly alerted the antelopes from the tree and they all began to run helter skelter. Donny himself remained on the tree, the lions at this time began to run. 
"Why must you trouble yourself running after these antelopes?" Donny shouted. 
Donny's question startled the lions and they looked around to see who was questioning them, they were astounded to see Donny on top of the tree. Donny continued, "stop being savage, only the fools will be happy to be savage."
 "What! What the hell are you doing here? Come down here and I will kill you." One of the lions replied harshly and they continued their race after the antelopes that had run so far. Donny was taken aback by the lion's reaction towards him and he concluded in short that the lions’ cruel heart is completely hardened and cannot be changed. Donny waited on the tree till it was dark, he was afraid that the lions might come back to deal with him. He came down from the tree and walked gently to the antelope's habitat. 

When he got to his destination the antelopes were exceedingly happy to see Donny, because they thought that he had been killed by the lions. "We are very happy to see you, we thought that the lions might have attacked...." 
"You mean the lions might have killed me." Donny cut them short
 "Only the unwise that lack wisdom will throw himself into the trap of the callous."
Donny was given a lot of food for his great work for the hapless antelopes. For many days, luck continued to work for Donny and his friends as Donny continued to be the watchman. Recently, Donny started complaining that the amount of food given to him is too small to sustain him. Despite the fact that the antelopes continued to increase the quantity of food given to him. Nothing in this world can satisfy the uncontended creatures. On a particular day as the antelopes set on their usual journey of getting their food, Donny told them to be going and he will come and meet them later. The antelopes did not see Donny appear and Danny decided to be the watchman. When they returned back home they asked him why he didn't turn up. “Donny why didn’t you shown up, we have been worried about you?” Danny asked him. Donny laughed and kept quiet without speaking.
 “What is the problem? Another antelope asked anxiously.”
 Donny was prodded for so long before he finally spoke out, “I should not be surprised by your character, the wise is never surprised by the stupidity of the fools.”
 The antelopes were taken aback by this shocking statement of Donny.   Donny continued, “You these ungrateful animals never appreciate the good work of the wise.” 
“We always give you enough to eat and will forever appreciate you in our heart.” Danny told Donny. 
Donny did not give any reply to Danny, he stayed calm. Danny and his fellow antelopes made up their minds that they will try their best to make tortoise comfortable in order for them not to incur his anger again, since they found him indispensable in their lives.
 “Don’t worry Donny, we shall always make sure that we make you comfortable by any means possible.” Danny assured Donny.
 They promised Donny that they will give him double portion of his meal the next day, but this wasn't enough for Donny, the next day he refused to follow the antelopes lying that he was feeling tired. The antelopes went in search of food feeling unhappy that Donny refused to follow them. Anyway, Donny wasn't happy that the antelopes went out everyday to get food without him and were able to protect themselves from the lions, proving his claim wrong that the antelopes do not have enough wisdom to protect themselves from the lions. He expected them to have come back home panting that the lions have attacked them. The antelopes returned home safely and they were unable to fulfill their promise to Donny on the excuse that they do not have enough strength to bring home double portion of his food. They told him that if he had follow them he will be able to assist them in bringing home the food. This intensified Donny's fury. Donny decided to hide his anger and he assured them that he will follow them the next day. 

On the next day, he fulfilled his promise and the antelopes were very happy. He sat on the tree as usual viewing the whole place and when he saw that the antelopes were busy on the field, he gently came down from the tree unnoticed by any of the antelopes. He walked quietly away, moving from one place to another, he saw a pride of lions afar off and he walked gently towards them. "What are you doing here? Let's kill this stupid tortoise and I will use it to feed my babies.” One of the female lions said.
 "If truly you are wise enough you will know that there is a special reason why I have come to visit you." Donny told them. 
“Okay what's the reason?" 
"If you can assure me that you will not kill me I will take you to where the antelopes are feeding and you will be able to attack them easily." 
The lions laughed at tortoise, "Do you think you can play tricks again upon us." 
"If I fail to take you to the antelopes, you should kill me instead." Donny said sharply.
 The lions followed Donny and they told him that they will for no reason spare him if truly he is lying. Unfailingly Donny fulfilled his promise and he took them through a way that will not enable the antelopes to detect that their death trap is on the way. The lions bumped into them without any notice. However, the Lions were only lucky to get one of them, other antelopes had sped into different directions like the exploding seeds of an oil bean pod. This one antelope wasn’t enough for the lions, nevertheless they devoured him.  Donny decided to show them the way to the antelope's habitat as this will give them the best opportunity to fill their stomach with food. While Donny remained with the crops, eating voraciously without anyone disturbing him, he was sure no one was around to see him. It was indeed the most terrible day in the life of antelope, only few of them were lucky to escape from the wrath of the lions. Donny however did not return to the antelope's habitat, instead he built a habitat for himself near his food supply. 

The few antelopes that escaped ran away to a distant place from their habitat which they used as a temporary habitat. They were very sad and they thought that Donny too might have been killed. A young antelope came to meet them and they were surprised that he was alive. The young antelope narrated to them that Donny was responsible for what happened. It happened this way; when the lions attacked them, this young antelope quickly hid in a nearby bush. From his hiding place, he saw Donny talking to the lions, explaining to them the way to their habitat. The antelopes were exceedingly astonished and they swore that they will find Donny and avenge their dead mates. But their quest to find Donny was not really possible, because they were afraid of the lions and they choose to remain in their habitat. After about a week they began to feel hungry as food crops were rarely available at their new habitat. They decided to go out to search for food. Donny usually used to go out to tour the kingdom since he was sure that no lion will attack him.  As they were going out they came across Donny. They pounced upon him without allowing him the chance to concoct anything in order to defend himself. They beat him mercilessly. They used large stones to hit his shell. The shell was hard, it cracked and some parts broke. They carried him deep into a marshy area and threw him away. One might conclude that Donny was dead but he was still alive feeling weak and sorry for his action. Donny learnt to realize in the hard way that it is not good to be cunny, greedy, malevolent and wisdom is a gift to be used for the good of everyone and not to be used for cheating or riding anyone. Donny found it hard to walk because he had been wounded and he had to live with shame and regret for the rest of his life. 

CHAPTER 6:  TWISTED LIFE 

  The animal kingdom remained the same, life was twisted with fear and horror. The lions continued to be the main tormentors of the whole kingdom. All the animals were tormented by the lions. The monkeys were among the animals which lions had make life unbearable for. Out of their quest for protection from the savages, they decided to be living on tall trees beyond the reach of the lions. Unfortunately, not all the other animals are as fortunate as monkeys, because they lack climbing skills.  The animals recently had a new source of happiness in the form of heavy rainfalls. The cloud pumped out its water and the whole kingdom was flooded with water. The crops bloomed exceedingly, providing much more food for the animals. The animals no longer needed to travel away from their habitat in order to get food, there was ample food everywhere. The animals therefore had to stay within their habitat enjoying their life. This helped to protect them from the predators that usually pounced on them whenever they moved out of their habitat in order to eat.  

The abundance of food reminded the animals about their festival "Festival of Harvest" which they last held years ago, especially because of the famine that recently ended and the great brutality of the savages. Gone were the good days when all animals would organize and celebrate together, but now, each of the animals choose to celebrate in groups. Some of these animals included zebras, antelopes, kangaroos and the monkeys. The monkeys had the most flamboyant celebration, on a large tree with many branches and large fibrous leaves that formed an attractive canopy adding to the enjoyment and celebration of the festival. The monkeys entertained themselves not only with food, music and dancing were part of it. The monkeys sang and danced happily with ample food available. The merriment continued for so long uninterrupted. But the devil is always on the look for those he would inflict evil upon and he takes advantage of the slightest chance to do so. The tigers had been wandering below the tall tree like a thief keeping watch over the owner of a property which he intends to rob. The tall tree failed to discourage them from unleashing their scheme, as they are skillful tree climbers. The saying that, “ignorance is a bliss” perfectly describes the state of these monkeys. The monkeys who were ignorant of the presence of the tigers continued to celebrate with great gladness. The tigers, about four in number climbed the tree unnoticed, as the monkeys were overwhelmed with happiness. The tigers in their fastidious way of climbing the tree reached the top of the tree without attracting any attention from the monkeys. They bumped into the monkeys like hawks who pounce on the chicks of a hen unawares. The enjoyable jubilation among the monkeys immediately came to an abrupt end. The scene of happy ceremony turned into horror and bitterness. This incidence was unfortunate. The monkeys were not the only ones that suffer from the savage’s wickedness. Other animals who engaged in festivals also suffered the same fate in the hands of lions and cheetahs. The animals wished they could perform a miracle that will banish all the cruel animals from the kingdom. The barbaric act of the savages seemed to be interminable. Everyday turned into fear as the lifespan of the animals was determined by the savage creatures. 

Some of these animals resorted to living outside the kingdom. The animals were able to find a better shelter from the savage. Many of these animals served as a source of tourist attraction to many people, especially the kids. The animals which lived closest to humans are the dogs, cats and the rats. The rats which are very tiny animals lived in hidden places in homes.  The cats moved closer to the people in order to have access to their prey, the rats. The rats who ran away from the kingdom because of the cats, never knew that the cats will find them anywhere they went to. The dogs and cats behaved very friendly with the humans and people were very excited to have such animals with them, they also gave them food. Other animals like antelopes, zebras, kangaroos, giraffes and Monkeys were not so friendly, hence they did not live close to people, they lived around the human environment. These animals enjoyed the new environment. They hardly went into the kingdom and the savages were denied from their daily meal. The bliss the animals enjoyed didn't last for long as the lions became desperate and came out of their kingdom to hunt for their meal. In the process they attacked some people. This infuriated the humans because this had never happened before. They decided to take drastic actions by dealing with these animals and chasing them back into their kingdom. They killed some of the animals, the lions detecting that the humans will kill them, ran back to their kingdom. The other animals too had to return back to their kingdom as the outside world was no longer safe for them. Some of the animals killed were cooked or roasted and eaten by people. This incidence can be regarded as the event that led to hunting expedition among people. People decided to be hunting in the animal kingdom. With the use of a spear, bow and arrow, hunting was made easier. The humans ravaged the kingdom hunting for every living creature. The savage creatures served as a great obstacle to free hunting expedition. But the humans dealt with these savages. The humans taught them a lesson that the savages have a master and were not the only ones capable of hunting. 
 Life must continue no matter the situation, a better choice must be considered. The choice of flying from a frying pan into fire is never the right choice. It will only worsen the situation. The choice of staying in the frying pan is fairly better. The animals, kicked out of the human world by both savage and humans had to choose. They had to make a decision in this dilemma. Some animals refused to be sent into the fire. The savage had made the animal kingdom a fireplace which burnt the weaker ones. Some of the weaker ones choose the human world as they thought that there is a chance of hope for them. Xolly and his fellow dogs had to make this choice. Xolly and his friends choose to be living in a small desert area with very few people. The humans continued to hunt for the animals in the animal kingdom. Xolly and his friends continued their simple life feeding on the little food they had. The most prominent hunter in the human world was Bob who had been known to have killed two Lions.  The Dogs occasionally went into the kingdom whenever they ran out of food and immediately returned back to their habitat in fear of the savages. The Dogs however protected themselves from intruders that came to their habitat by their aggressive behaviour of barking violently at anyone. The humans were very happy for their adventure into the animal kingdom. The animals serve greatly as source of food to humans. Some people especially the farmers were more prudent in their hunting as some set of animals such as Cattle, Goats and sheeps were taken and kept on farms for the purpose of rearing. The hunters observed some set of animals which could be useful for things other than food. These included the Horses who are fast runners with strong limbs, the Camels, Ox and Donkeys. The horses were best used to transport the humans. Also the Camels were used to transport heavy loads and for carrying people. Other animals which were put into use especially for farm operations included donkeys and oxes. These animals had no choice but to obey the humans since they knew that if they carry out the tasks given to them, the humans will not kill them and they will take care of them. Apart from this, the humans taking these animals out of the animal kingdom rescued them from the cruel acts of the savages. The animals became crucial to human’s life as they had helped greatly in performing human tasks and also as an alternative means of transportation, thereby reducing the stress of walking over long distances.











CHAPTER 7:  MAVIS
 Mavis, a young girl, who loved adventure. She loved surveying round her environment, always wishing to know more about her environment. Out of her quest to learn more about nature, she became fascinated by the animals in the kingdom. She wished she could know more about the animal kingdom, particularly the animals. She however became frightened because of the savage in the animal kingdom.
 She once asked her mother, “Mummy I heard that in the animal kingdom some animals are good and gentle while some are cruelly feeding on other animals, why is it like that?” 
“I do not know why, but my darling daughter, never should you think of moving close to the animal kingdom, it is a dangerous place with dangerous animals, only bold hunters can go into the animal kingdom.” Her mother warned her. 
Mavis was still willing to know more as she wondered why the horse her father (Bob) used to ride on never attacked him. Mavis and her father went out of Sava land to pay a visit to someone living faraway. Riding gently on their horse, Mavis noticed a group of dogs walking afar off. She called the attention of her father to them, “Daddy see those dogs walking afar off, they must be coming from the animal kingdom.”
 “If they come so close to us I will deal with them,” Bob replied his daughter. 
They reached their friend’s home who was very happy to see them. They decided to spend some days there. On the third day, Mavis and the friend’s son about her age were playing with a kite around their environment. Mavis was so excited seeing her kite flying up so high. She couldn’t see her kite in the sky again and she decided to walk and check whether it was stuck to a tree, while the other boy was busy chasing after a rat. She continued to run about excitedly until she reached a maze of palm trees where she thought the kite must be hiding. She continued to search about, admiring the beauty of these tall trees. 

Mavis’s period of excitement was interrupted by a strange sound, the sound of the stamping feet of a running creature. She looked around and couldn’t see anything. She moved forward and saw an antelope running desperately away from a lion. She was extremely frightened, as this was her first time of setting her eyes on any lion. She began to run wearily. The lion was chasing after the antelope from the animal kingdom. The antelope had run so fast beyond the lion. She continued to run helter skelter with no sense of direction. She tried to get back home until she realized that she had run so far and couldn’t find her way back home. She found herself in a sandy environment and she couldn’t see anyone. She felt so frightened and she started walking about seeking for refuge. She finally found a lonely tree and she rested under it. Her mind was full of worry about what will befall her, wishing that her father will appear beside her and take her home. She stayed there looking round her environment in apprehension. She saw a lion walking afar off supposedly to be the lion that was chasing after an antelope. She felt so frightened that the lion might come and attack her. She started running wishing she could grow wings and fly to a safe place, free from any wild animal. She was lucky to run further from the lion’s vicinity. Xolly and about three dogs saw this young girl wandering about with no sense of direction. They had earlier seen the lion and they knew that the young girl must be running from the lion. “That little girl must be running away from the lion,” Xolly said. 
“She would have lost her way back home. May be we should take her to Mr. Goody, he will be able to take care of her,” another dog said.
 Mr. Goody was a man living in the desert that found Xolly and the other dogs wandering about in the desert and he adopted them as pets. They walked towards Mavis. She became frightened, turned back and ran. After running a while she looked back and she realized that the dogs were not running after her. It dawned on her that these animals might be one of those harmless animals that help humans. She walked back to these dogs, as she was walking back, Xolly used his mouth to throw a mango fruit to her. “Wow! These animals must be harmless.” she picked up the mango. She came close to these dogs and the dogs turned their back.  She followed them, walked a while and reached a small house with a mango tree planted in front of it. “This is unbelievable! these dogs led me to a house? They must be living here.” Mr. Goody heard her voice and he came out. He was very happy to see this pretty young girl. He welcomed her warmly and gave her food to eat. Mavis narrated to him how she had lost her way back home and asked him if he could help her get home. 

Bob and his friend had been so worried about the whereabouts of Mavis. They had searched everywhere. Bob had gone to Sava land to ask his wife whether Mavis had returned home. Mavis’ mother informed Bob that Mavis didn’t come home. Mavis’ mother was frightened to hear that her only daughter was missing.  She and her husband returned back to Bob’s friend and they all continued to search for Mavis. After three days of vigorous searching, they reached Mr. Goody’s house and found Mavis playing with a dog. They were extremely happy and Mavis ran to meet her parents. Bob carried her up excitedly. Mr. Goody was very happy that Mavis’ parents had located her. Mavis explained to her parents how the dogs led her to Mr. Goody’s house. Mr. Goody confirmed that the dogs brought Mavis to him and he also narrated to them how the dogs had been so useful to him. Bob and his wife were astonished that dogs are such useful animals. They thanked Mr. Goody very much for how he had taken care of their daughter. 
“I wish to have some of these dogs with me, please can you lend me some of your dogs?” asked Bob.
 “You can have as many dogs as you want,” Mr. Goody showed him many dogs he kept as pets.
 Bob took two of them, including the dog Mavis was playing with. They went back home feeling happy. The Dogs were welcomed into the human world happily. The story of the young girl that the dogs helped made everyone to accept dogs as suitable animals that can live among people. They became common pets among people and they helped humans in different ways. 


CHAPTER 8:  THE SABERTOOTHED CAT

In the animal kingdom there exists the tormentor of all savages, weaker animals and the humans. A mysterious tiger, looking fearful and monstrous, nicknamed the Sabertoothed cat. It had a set of big serrated teeth at both the upper and lower jaw. Every hunter that set his eyes on this creature threw away his weapon and ran for his life. Even other tigers ran away from the sabertoothed cat as it's so cruel and would devour anything at sight. It sometimes moved out of the kingdom into the human habitation and everyone had to run away for their life. No hunter had the courage to face this creature. While other tigers hunt in group, he himself hunted alone killing more animals. Whenever this creature visited the human world, it’s fierce appearance caused a stream of fear to flow through everyone and they began to run helter skelter into their various homes, many hunters were afraid to go into the kingdom to hunt in fear of this tiger. When the reign of this mysterious creature remained unchecked, the humans decided to do something to stop it. The people of the land closest to the animal kingdom known as Sava were most affected by this tiger. The king of Sava decided to hold a meeting with his people concerning this sabertoothed tiger. All the hunters of Sava were invited to the meeting. The king addressed the people by first of all welcoming all of them to the meeting. 
"We all continue to be terrified by this mysterious tiger which has endangered our lives. Most of us find it difficult to perform our regular activities during the day. Now this is the solution, six bold hunters shall be chosen to guide round the animal kingdom and kill this tiger whenever it comes out. "
 Everybody was very happy with the king's suggestion and they believed that this will be the final solution to their problem. Six well known courageous hunters were chosen and these included Bob, Clint, Ted, Joe, Tim and Toby. Bob, the most courageous hunter among the hunters, assured the king that they will make sure they killed the tiger. "Don't worry your highness, I shall bring the dead body of the sabertoothed tiger to your palace within two days. " Everyone returned back to their various homes feeling happy. The hunters started their work immediately. They surrounded the kingdom waiting for the sabertoothed tiger.

Within the next three days, the tiger failed to appear as if it had known that humans had set a trap for him to be captured. The hunters became bored with this job as the only animals that appear were the weaker animals such as antelopes and zebras which they killed, roasted and ate. One of the dogs Bob used as pets, helped him with his hunting, it can easily locate any animal with the strong sensitivity of his sensory organ. Bob usually sent his dog into the animal kingdom to check for the creature but the dog always came back with no sign. At the fourth night when some of the hunters were dozing, they suddenly heard the strange sound of something running, this woke them up and they saw the frightening image of the tiger running towards them aggressively. The hunters who became extremely frightened by the unexpected appearance of this tiger abandoned their weapons and took to their heels. But Bob rose up to the occasion, threw his arrow at this creature and it expertly escaped the arrow. This made the sabertoothed tiger more furious and he jumped, but fortunately for Bob the tiger hit the bark of a tree near him blindly. Bob became extremely terrified as he started running with all his power. If he contested with the fastest sprinter in the world with that speed, he will win. His dog served as the scapegoat which the tiger devoured, but that did not stop it from pursuing Bob. Bob ran all his way towards his home kicked the door of his house with an incredible strength and it gives way, he quickly used a table to back the door so that it won't remain wide opened and the tiger will not come and meet him inside. However, the tiger turned its back when he entered into the house. His sudden rush into his house woke up his wife and Mavis. He entered into his room shouting, "Tiger! Tiger! Tiger!" None of his family members could understand why he was shouting tiger."
“What's the matter?" his wife asked anxiously. After five minutes, he returned back to his senses. He explained to his wife what happened concerning the sabertoothed tiger and his family became frightened.
 "Don't worry, one day this terrible tiger shall be killed, just sleep peacefully and don't let the issue of this tiger trouble your mind," his wife calmed him down. 
"Okay, I will soon sleep," he promised his wife. 
The thoughts about the tiger filled his mind.  "How am I going to tell the king that I couldn't kill the tiger, he will surely be furious with me. What kind of mysterious creature is this?” These thoughts made him feel much more terrible.
 
 Bob was relaxing under a tree, feeling very happy as he enjoyed a cold breeze. Suddenly the sabertoothed tiger emerged running fiercely towards him and he began to run desperately. When he looked back he saw the tiger already grew wings and it was flying. The tiger was about to land on him and he began to shout "Help! Help! Help! Tiger! Tiger! Tiger! Tiger!" He woke up as his wife shook him. "What's the matter again with this tiger?" His wife asked sadly? "
“Nothing, nothing, I was dreaming, " Bob said, breathing heavily.
 "That's why I told you not to worry yourself about it."
 "Okay, I will not think about it again”. He couldn't sleep back again, afraid that if he sleeps again, he might see the tiger in his dream. He decided in his mind to visit the king the next day and narrate to him why they couldn't kill the tiger.  In the next morning he woke up very early, he told his wife that he is going to the palace to inform the king about what happened concerning the tiger. When the king heard that Bob wants to see him he became excited, thinking that Bob brought the dead body of the sabertoothed tiger to his palace as he had promised him. "Where is the dead body of the tiger?" the king asked eagerly on seeing Bob. This unexpected question startled Bob.
 "Your highness what happened was really unfortunate, the sabertoothed tiger has not been killed."
 "Why?" The king asked surprisingly. Bob narrated to him how he was deserted by his fellow hunters and he had to be the only person who faced the tiger, therefore he couldn't defeat it. He explained how he managed to escape the wrath of the mysterious tiger. The king was very angry and sad after he listened to Bob's explanation. 
"Are you now trying to tell me that none of you hunters can kill this tiger?" the king asked furiously. “Your highness the tiger is probably the most mysterious creature in this world." Bob pleaded. The king ordered him to go and call the remaining hunters. 

Bob wasted no time, he immediately went to the homes of his fellow hunters to inform them that the king wants to see them immediately in his palace. Clint, Ted, Joe, Tim and Toby all followed him to the palace. The king asked them why they abandoned Bob with the tiger. They defended themselves, claiming that they didn't abandon Bob with the tiger, they affirmed that they all including Bob ran away from the tiger when it appeared to them, because the tiger is a mysterious creature with a magical power that scares any hunter from attacking. Bob quickly countered them, "What! When the tiger appeared, you all ran away and I was left alone to face it." They denied Bob's accusation and they continue to argue before the king.
 "Shut up!" The king thundered, "You are all lazy hunters that cannot hunt, you all disappointed me." 
The angry statement of the king made all of them kept quiet and the king ordered all of them to leave his palace and never to set their foot again in his palace. They all went home feeling sorry for themselves, particularly Bob. When Bob got home and narrated to his family the king's reaction towards him and how his fellow hunters treated him they all felt sad.

The sabertoothed tiger continued to ravage the whole community. Most children found it difficult to play outside their homes because of this animal. Even some farmers abandoned their farms because of the evil activities of this tiger. The king couldn't sleep peacefully in his palace because of the fear this creature had created in Sava land. He therefore decided to hold another meeting with his people on what they are going to do to stop this creature. The meeting was held, at the meeting, the king narrated to them how the hunters failed in their mission to kill the tiger and everyone felt very sad. Everyone was attentive and they all reached the conclusion that whenever anyone sees the tiger he or she should shout for help and everyone will come out with their various weapons to fight this tiger. Everyone was happy with this decision as they believed that the combined effort of everyone in Sava will put an end to the reign of the tiger. A few days after this meeting, a man was on his way back home from his farm when he heard a strange sound behind him and he looked back, beholding the deadly tiger. The man immediately went mad he began to shout, "Help! Help! Tiger! Tiger! Tiger! Tiger! " running helter skelter from one place to another. Immediately everyone came out with their various weapons to fight the tiger. They became frightened seeing this tiger and it turned to a "who will bell the cat case?” The tiger at the same time stood still, frightened by the crowd of people that surrounded him with various weapons and ran back into the forest. The people felt sorry for their coward behaviour and blamed themselves for not attacking the tiger. They knew that the king would be highly disappointed by their behaviour. The particular man involved was also very furious with the whole crowd for allowing the tiger to escape. They assured themselves that on another occasion they would make sure they kill the tiger. 

It seemed as if the tiger was frightened by this occasion, for about three weeks, the tiger did not show up in Sava. Everyone was very happy and many people began to have free movement, they now feel free to go to their farms. The children were also happy that they are protected to play outside their environment. Among the people who had completely abandoned their farms because of this tiger was Grace and her poor family who lived in a small house. Grace, a girl of about sixteen years old was extremely happy. The family had suffered from lack of food because of their absence from the farm. She was excited to have a safe journey to the farm with her little brother. Her aged father had been sick, so her mother stayed behind to take care of him. All the crops had become ripened, some almost to rottenness, they harvested as much food as they could and brought home plenty of food. Their parents were very happy. About five days after, Grace decided to go to the farm to bring home little food. On her way out of the farm she could hear a strange sound as she looked around to determine its source. She suddenly saw the tiger running with great speed and she quickly took to her heels with her heart pumping excessively as if she had a heart attack. She couldn't do anything, but shout for help, unfortunately, no one was around. Out of her desperation, she climbed a nearby tree which is not so high. She remained on top of the tree forgetting the fact that not only humans are capable of climbing trees, as tigers are not an exception. The tiger began to climb before she realized this fact and she immediately jumped down as if jumping down from a small stool. She fell down and rose up immediately and began her race for survival. One will wonder if her body was made of stone as she did not feel any pain when she fell down, but in some circumstances, the fear in you might override other forms of emotion or feeling. The tiger itself quickly climbed down and resumed pursuing this poor girl. Grace increased her space every second. As she was running she rushed into a mass of stones and fell down, but quickly got up, however the large stones prevented her from running. The tiger now had full reign. Grace in her attempt to protect herself, started throwing some of these stones at this tiger which it expertly dodged. There was a large stone beside her which she thought will be her only hope. As the tiger jumped to attack her she summoned all her strength and carried the largest stone available and threw it at it, at the same time she fell down. It struck the tiger's head and the tiger fell down. The tiger continued to struggle on the floor, she gave it no chance to recover as she continued to smash it with large pieces of stones, until it showed no signs of life. Feeling triumph, she couldn't believe that she had killed the sabertoothed tiger. She kept watching over the creature which had stopped breathing. Suddenly something startled her, it was a man, she looked up and asked him fearfully, "Who are you?"
 "I was hiding in my farm and I saw what you did, how you killed the tiger, that's very great of you, very great. " The man replied her. 
"Thanks!" She said quickly and stood up.
 She didn't know what to say. "I think the king ought to know about what you have done."
 "The king….?"
 "Yes, the king will be very happy and everyone will also be glad."
 “I am going home to my parents to tell them what has happened"
 "That's good, can I follow you home to see your parents?" 
"Why? You can't, thank you, Bye! " She started running home.
 "Wait, why are you running?" The man shouted after her. She didn't wait and she ran home. 

When she got home, she broke the good news to her parents. Her parents did not believe her. "What is the meaning of the nonsense you are saying?" Her mother asked her feeling irritated.
 Only her little brother believed her and he said, "My sister does not lie mother." 
"Okay mother don't worry I will take you and dad to the spot where the dead tiger lies."
 Her mother refused to follow her as she wondered whether her daughter was still in her right senses. But Grace’s father, who had recovered from his illness, prodded her and they all went to the spot. Her parents were surprised beyond expectations.
 "What! How did you kill this tiger? My daughter, you are the heroine of Sava land. " Her mother said jumping up.
"The king must know about this, the great thing my daughter has done, "Grace's father said happily. 
The man had not gone, he was still there with the tiger. He explained to Grace's parents that he was in his farm and he saw how she killed the tiger and that their daughter is the most courageous person he has ever seen. 
"This man had told me before that the king must know about what I have done, " Grace said smiling. 
Grace’s little brother was so happy and he hugged his sister. They all went straight to the palace. They presented the dead body of the tiger to the king. They explained to the king how Grace killed the tiger. The king was totally astounded and he immediately called a meeting of everyone in Sava land. In the meeting, he explained to the whole people what Grace had done and they were all happy and amazed. It is probably the most remarkable event that had happened in Sava land since its existence. The king promised Grace in the presence of everyone that she shall be given half of his property and she and her parents shall be given the privilege to live in the palace. Grace and her family were extremely happy, likewise everyone was glad. Grace and her family lived happily in the palace. The death of the sabertoothed tiger did not only create happiness among humans. The animals were also joyous that their greatest predator had been killed. 
CHAPTER 9: THE FLYING KINGDOM
The animal kingdom remained the same with the same old animals and the fierce looking and ruling savages. Each specie of animals had chosen its own world. The birds who in the past preferred to live on the land with other animals, now choose tall trees as their own habitat and the firmament as their normal route. The danger posed by savages on the land scared away the birds. The birds only visit the ground occasionally to have their meals. They fly through the sky enjoying the cold breeze of the sky. Every morning in the animal kingdom, the leaves and flowers welcomed the morning with their sparkling appearance. Butterflies with a variety of colours flying through the beautiful flowers and the saplings dancing gently in the cold morning breeze added to the morning glory. The impeccable state of the nature is adorable as always. The birds were the only creatures in the kingdom that enjoyed total freedom from any danger. The birds lived on a particular large tree which is probably the tallest tree in the kingdom with large branches, lots of nests hanged on the branches where their eggs were kept. All kinds of birds lived on this tree, living in perfect harmony. They all flew together forming a beautiful and colourful formation in the sky. 

The most beautiful and magnificent birds are the peacocks. The gentlest ones are the doves while the main hunters among them are the hawks which include eagles, owls and other birds with long strong beaks and large wings which make them excellent flyers. The talkative birds were the parrots. The parrots are sometimes deceitful and tricky in dealing with other birds. The nightingales are the best singers among the birds with their lovely soprano voices. They filled the early morning with their melodies. The hawks were the only birds in the kingdom which regarded any tiny creature as their prey. They are the hunters who bring a greater proportion of the food.  All the birds continued to enjoy their luxurious life on the large tree. The birds always had a ceremony in which every bird will display its talent and ample of food will be available. The nightingales and the peacocks always stole the show.  The nightingales' melodies sent the birds to a fantasy world of sweetness and love. Any living creature passing by the large tree will feel touched by their songs. 
On a particular day, three hunters who were chasing after some zebras stopped under the tree. "Where is this magnificent melody coming from?" One of the hunters asked.
 "I think the voice is coming from the sky." 
"No, the person singing must be on top of this tree." 
"But I only see lots of birds on this tree."
 "Do you think that it is a bird that is singing? let's go up and confirm."
 They began climbing the tree with the aid of climbing equipments forgetting that they were hunting after some zebras. On reaching the top of the tree, they saw a mass of birds. They noticed a small beautiful bird singing.  The joyous birds were completely frightened by these intruders and they all scattered and flew away from the tree. In the process, some of the birds used their wings to hit the hunters which nearly made them to fall down from the tree. They managed to regain their balance and they quickly used their climbing equipment to climb down. 
 "Hey! These birds almost fell us down from the tree...Bob we are lucky."
 "I will make sure I get hold of that little bird, it will be a nice pet." Bob said excitedly.”
 “ It must be a nice and lovely singing bird."  Bob and his friends agreed that whenever they come across this bird they will capture it. 

The birds returned back to their abode after the hunters had left and they continued their merry making. Lenny, the most spectacular parrot among the parrots, was well known for his jealousy of other birds. He was highly jealous of the performance of the nightghtingales. Out of jealousy, he volunteered to sing but his voice made all the birds poke fun at him and he left the stage feeling sorry for himself. Very early in the next morning Lenny and other parrots flew together ignoring flight with other birds. During their flight, Lenny discussed the nightingales with his mates, their magnificent voice and how they can be dealt with to make other birds to abhor them. They did not arrive at any reasonable conclusion as it is difficult for them to break the mutual relationship that exists among the birds. Lenny became more uncomfortable living among the other birds and usually he chose to live outside on other trees. Bob and his friend Ted were on one of their usual hunting expeditions. Across the sky the nightingales were flying singing along with the morning cold breeze. The two hunters bewitched again by this melody looked up to admire the singing birds. They continued watching these singing birds until they landed on a nearby tree. Bob in his crave to get hold of this bird walked to the tree and began climbing. The nightingales noticing this stranger quickly flew away. Bob felt sad about this, forgotten that trying to catch a flying creature is a futile exercise except he uses a weapon, and since Bob didn't intend to hurt the birds, capturing them became a complicated exercise. Lenny was also on a nearby tall tree and he realized that that the intruders that disrupted their festival were after nightingales.

Lenny flew away to meet his mates and he discussed with them about what he had seen and he explained to them that through the humans he will be able to deal with the parrots. Lenny started an unusual friendship with nightingales as if truly he loved them.  Lenny and his two mates began monitoring the two hunters. On a particular day, they come across these two hunters during their hunting expedition. Lenny who was gifted to communicate in human language flew on to Bob's shoulder and he started whistling. Bob became frightened and attempted to push him away but Lenny quickly flew and he said, “Pretty hunters always looking for helpless creatures.”
 “What! This bird can talk.” Bob said in astonishment. 
“That’s incredible I think it must be a special bird, we should capture it.” 
Lenny flew back on top of Bob's shoulder.  “What kind of creature is this?” Soon Lenny fell into talking with the two hunters and both enjoyed the company, particularly the hunters were excited to come across this spectacular bird. Soon, Lenny’s two mates came and joined them. At night Lenny and his mates returned to their habitat feeling happy. The hunters returned to their homes also feeling great, forgetting they had not hunt for any animal. They reported their success of communicating with humans and the other parrots felt very glad. 
“About our communication with humans, in which way does it make it possible for us to deal with the nightingales?” One of the parrots asked Lenny. 
“I am sure that this would be the key for us to harm nightingales.”

Lenny and his two friends continued their communication with the humans. During one of their occasional meetings with the hunters, Bob asked these parrots about the bird that used to sing so beautifully. "My lovely birds do you know the birds that used to sing so beautifully?"
 "Oh! The nightingales, we are best of friends." Lenny replied excitedly.
 "Can they also communicate with humans?" Ted asked.  
"Oh yes, they can communicate with humans.”
 "Really that's very lovely, but they always run away whenever we want to play with them, " Bob said sadly. 
"Can you help us invite them?" Ted asked hastily.
 "The nightingales are shy and they don't like communicating with humans, I will try my best to convince them to associate with you." Lenny assured them. 
The hunters were very happy and they thanked Lenny so much for being such a lovely bird.  Lenny and his mates waved goodbye to their friends. They flew happily home.
 During their flight, a parrot asked, "But Lenny you surely know that nightingales cannot communicate with humans and do you think it is possible for us to lure all the nightingales to the hunters?"
 "I know truly that they cannot talk like us, but I deliberately told them that they can communicate like us so that they can feel more desperate to get hold of the nightingales. I also have a special plan for the nightingales tomorrow to take them away to the hunters." Lenny replied his friend with assurance.
 "That's very lovely." His friend said happily. 
They got to their homeland rejoicing. All the other parrots also felt very happy about this. The parrots continued their friendship with nightingales and the nightingales regarded them as true friends. In the next morning, Lenny and about ten parrots went out on another journey. In the evening they returned back to inform the nightingales that they are to go to a special feast. They explained to them that they had been organizing a feast and they will be happy to have them sing at the feast. The nightingales were very happy to be invited. 

Very early in the morning, the nightingales and the parrots started their happy journey. The parrots led the way, the journey was quite long. They finally reached a place well decorated with beautiful flowers. The parrots told the nightingales that this path led to the large feast. “You shall be the one to lead the way to this magnificent feast.” Lenny told the nightingales happily. There was a door way designed with sparkling pink and yellow flowers. The joyous nightingales flapped their wings happily into this door way, but the unexpected happened as they became trapped. They flew into a trap that the parrots had set for them. The nightingales could neither move nor fly. They met the greatest shock of their lives. They never knew that the parrots are devils disguised as friends. The day before, the parrots had gone to meet the hunters and lied to them that the nightingales were afraid to meet the humans. They were able to get access to the tools of these hunters which included a large tangled net. They prepared this particular place where they set the net as a trap to imprison the nightingales to keep them away from the flying kingdom. The parrots feeling fulfilled flew back to their habitat, but there was still a problem unsolved as they must explain to the other birds why the nightingales failed to return with them. On getting back home, they pretended to be sorrowful as they narrated a long story to the other birds about how their feast was disrupted by hunters who forcefully took the nightingales away while they managed to escape. The birds believed this story wholeheartedly and they all became scared of moving close to the land area where they could easily be attacked by hunters. The parrots continued to live happily. They failed to remmember that every deed has its rewards.

The nightingales couldn’t bear the miserable life that the parrots had created for them. They didn’t give up on getting themselves out of this net. A lucky nightingale was able to get loose by its strong pull on the net. This nightingale helped his friends to break free from the net and they all felt extremely happy. They embarked on a happy journey to their home tree to revenge on the parrots. Getting back to their home tree, they felt joyful. All the birds were amazed and happy to see them except the parrots.  The nightingales were warmly welcomed by the remaining birds. They brought home the net. The birds asked them how they rescued themselves from the human trap the parrots claimed to be the reasons they couldn’t return back home. The nightingales showed them the large tangled net and explained in details the unimaginable malicious act of the parrots to all the birds. The parrots had nothing to say as defence, since their evil deed had been revealed by the victims. The birds couldn’t believe that the parrots could be so dubious and cruel in character. Before the judgment was passed upon them, the parrots were asked to state the reason for their act. Lenny, being the architect of this plan volunteered to speak on their behalf, he revealed the fact that their act was out of jealousy for the nightingales. The owl, the judge, first of all subjected the parrots to a lengthy lecture on why they shouldn’t be jealous and cruel in their lives. After this, the judge gave the nightingales the license to deal with the parrots as it pleased them after which they will be banished from the Home Tree. The nightingales choose the same option the parrots choose for them. The parrots were forced into the tangled net where they will be left for a few days after which they will be driven out of the bird’s kingdom. During the few days, the parrots were subjected to hunger. This made them realized the degree of their wicked act towards the nightingales. When their period of imprisonment was over, the birds showed them the way out of the bird’s kingdom. But the other parrots pleaded explaining how Lenny lured them into the wicked act. As the parrots were flying out shamefully, Lenny looked back for once at the nightingales and flew back to them and he said, “I never knew the extent of my wickedness towards you until I found myself in it, I feel so sorry because I allowed my jealousy to override my sanity, I know that you will all be thinking that I got my just deserts, I am so sorry.” And he flew away.

All the birds watched them as they flew away out of sight. The nightingales didn’t accept Lenny’s apology in their hearts, they viewed Lenny and his fellow parrots as their archenemy and the devil among the birds. The birds continued living their simple and happy life uninterrupted, until a particular day when a group of hunters with their various hunting tools climbed the tree as if to abduct all of them. Actually they were Bob and his crew who figured out their missing net on the top of the tree. They had come to recover the net from the birds, which they thought they had stolen from them. The birds were terribly terrified and they all flew away to different places. Some birds were lucky to find a comfortable tree for themselves but some were not. Many of the birds flew a long distance to different parts of the world. Among the unlucky ones were the nightingales, they found it hard to find a tree that will make them comfortable. They continued their search for days and they were feeling so frustrated. During their journey they met the parrots on a small tree, Lenny and his friends were happy to see them. However, the nightingales felt terribly angry seeing them, they flew away from their direction. 
Lenny and his friends flew to meet them. “I am sorry for what had happened, Owl passed by and he explained to us that the humans came to attack you and you all ran away to seek refuge. I felt so sorry about it, because it was my fault. I know why they came to the Home Tree. They came to recover the net I stole away from them.”
 “Oh! So you are responsible for this too, you parrots are all devils.” A nightingale said angrily.
 The parrots volunteered to help the nightingales to find a comfortable tree for them. But they refused to be helped by the parrots, before they left them, one of the nightingales told the parrots that they can never regain their trust. The nightingales went their way and they finally found the best habitat for themselves. This is the reason why birds are scattered to all parts of the world. 













CHAPTER 10: SYMBOLISM
Mum finished reading her tales in the middle of the night. Vivian and her elder brother had been overwhelmed by the world of the animal kingdom. They all felt amazed.
“Mummy this is incredible, so this is how everything changed in the animal kingdom. Wow this is fantastic!” Vivian exclaimed happily.
“There are many questions I would love to ask concerning the tales?”
“Hmm, that will be lovely, what are those questions?” her mother asked. 
“Why is the character “Donny” described as a wise and unrepentant greedy creature? He ignored the plight of his friends and tricked them. The antelopes that were kind to him released him from the cage, yet he displayed the same cunny character towards them. In my own opinion, I would like if Donny was depicted as a kind creature who uses his wisdom to help other animals". 
“Do you know something Vivian, they are just fantasy tales about nature.” Noah replied his sister.
“Noah, don’t speak like that, tales are written not only for entertainment, it can be used to explain specific things about life.” 
“My darling Vivian, Donny is an animal character just like other animals in the tales. There are certain things that differentiate him from other animals, he has the wisdom lacking in other animals. I want you to know that the concept of symbolism is essential in these tales. The concept of Donny can be used to symbolise those people in the society who choose to use their wisdom and knowledge to hurt other people for their own benefit.  Every deed has its rewards. There is reward for every good or evil thing done. Donny eventually received his reward. The character Grace, who courageously fought against the tiger, shows the work of good deed and its compensation. It earned her and her family a better life.” their mother explained. 
“I like Grace a lot, she is very courageous indeed. Her character, symbolises strength. “
“Grace also depicts the fact that you can stand up against challenges if you believe in yourself,” Noah replied her sister. 
“You are both right children,” their mother said cheerfully. 
“The question I will love to ask is why did the famine occur? The famine is the architect of the problems in the…”
“But that doesn’t give the savages the right to kill other animals,” Vivian cut in.
“You can never rule out the fact that the famine completely change everything in the Kingdom. The strong ones survived at the expense of the weaker ones.” Noah continued. 
“Listen children, Noah got the main point in these tales. The concept of the famine is the most important concept. Life as a whole can be viewed through different perspectives. The famine can be used to describe how natural phenomena on earth affect our survival. The oppressive attitude of the savages can be used to describe how oppression in this life is created by the competition for the scarce resources. The instinct of competition is part of life, every living creature wants to survive and in the process of trying to fight for survival, challenges arise. The fact of the matter is that some are not capable of handling challenges and they preferr to transfer the pain of their sufferrings to the people they regard as weaker ones. The desire of some to give themselves pleasure at the expense of others is the main reason why the world is vulnerable. The perspective in the tales on how the elephants were able to fight against the savages symbolises the benevolent ones who are able to stand up against oppression, fight for the rights of other people and make a significant impact for the good of everyone. The incidence of the famine and the general effects on the animals can be used to explain how life is shaped by different events, situations which we can do little to avoid, but work hard towards creating solutions that will make us weather through life.” 
“The beauty of symbolism. They are amazing tales that describe the struggle for existence in life.” Noah said. 

 “The tales draw me deeper into the wildlife world. It enlightens me on how some specific things that occurred in animal world reflect what happens in the society.” Vivian said excitedly. 

“Oh yes, when my grandfather narrated these tales to me in those days I felt so great and excited.”

After much excitement concerning the tales, they went to bed feeling happy. 




ABOUT THE AUTHOR 
Ayoola Olafenwa is a devoted christian born on October 9, 1998 in Ota, Ogun State Nigeria. She is a writer, novelist, poet and a student. She is also an enthusiast of science and computer programming. 
CONTACT
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ayofen
Email: olafenwaayoola@gmail.com
Twitter: https://mobile.twitter.com/AyoolaOlafenwa





