


NEVERLAND IN SHADOW
Peter. Wendy. Hook. Reimagined


Jay Green






For my mum & dad
And for boys and girls who never grew up



Copyright 2020 Jay Green
Smashwords Edition
All right reserved



www.neverlandinshadow.com







Table of Contents

Part 1: The Moth and the Flame

0. Here’s Where The Story Ends
1. The Moth And The Flame
2. The Boy In The Basket
3. Are You Ready For Valhalla?
4. The Beckoning Bell
5. 10Ne
6. Ex Mari Victoria 
7. Catch The Breeze
8. The Word Beneath The Window
9. The Undertaker
10. A Kiss From A Crocodile
11. Tea Time Tales 
12. De Futuro
13. A Subtle Web
14. You Be Mother
15. Cross My Heart
16. The Mermaid
17. Know Your Enemy 
18. Storm Seeks Teacup
19. London In Wax
20. Of Cakes And Clocks
21. Spiritus
22. Kit
23. Two Wizards And A Witch
24. Pumpkins And Paper Chains
25. A Bullet For The Ballet 
26. My Nature Lover
27. Invisible Ink
28. Rush To Danger
29. 3,000 Lumens
30. A Chamber Of Horrors
31. The Last Night Of The Fair
32. Deadly Nightshade 

Part 2: Lamenta 

33. Lamenta
34. #1904
35. It Is Warmer Below
36. The Battles Of Charlotte Park
37. A Letter Never Sent
38. Last Orders
39. Are You Asleep?
40. Eternal Rest
41. Fifth In Line To The Throne
42. The Lost Boy 
43. Ambitious Outsiders
44. The Grixhill Seven 
45. A Riot Of Our Own
46. Falling Without Knowing
47. Session #2: Spoonfuls Of Sugar
48. The Windfall
49. Session #4: Way Beyond Coincidence
50. Ignition 
51. Session #6: Whichever Word You Like
52. The Lady With The Lamp
53. Session #8: The Fourth Estate
54. The Cradle Snatcher
55. Session #10: Blood Flower
56. The Cherrybomb
57. Session #12: Don’t Make Fun Of Me Later
58. The Coven
59. Joining The Dots
60. Just A Girl, She Said
61. Angel In The Snow
62. Apron Strings
63. A Fairy Somewhere Falls Down Dead 

Epilogue 

The Lost Girl
Part 1

The Moth and the Flame

0. Here’s Where the Story Ends
2022

When Wendy looked back on it all, it was still difficult to believe that everything had begun with just a light in the distance. Even now, some eight years later, she sometimes wondered if it would have been better to have never seen that light at all.

1. The Moth and the Flame
Thursday October 16th 2014

The light had appeared with little ceremony. Blasting through the bedroom curtains, it socked the pop stars and footballers occupying the opposing wall. Then, slithering across the unhoovered carpet, it consumed gaming controllers and schoolbags, pools of clothes and, from the top bunk, the patched-up body of a toy hare. Next, it lingered briefly, the light, on the boys, John and Michael. Sleeping it found them. And sleeping it left them. But when it moved back towards the window and located the girl, it settled and, as if it had pulled at her hair or spoken into her ear, it woke her. 
At almost fourteen, Wendy was the oldest of the Darling children. And she was in no mood for a night without sleep: one of those white nights that her mother often complained about. The ones she tamed with hot milk and honey and, when that failed, banished instead with pills. 
Sat up now, and swearing softly into air that felt as frozen as it looked, Wendy tapped her phone. A couple of minutes past midnight. Terrific. Exactly what she needed right now was to be kept awake by a police car or ambulance tinting the room in blue. What next? The siren? 
Reaching backwards, Wendy grabbed her pillow and pressed it tight against her face. A wet patch of dribble felt cold against her ear. Then up her nose went the stench of a laundry-lab spring. To tire herself out she called upon art movements and grammar rules. French verbs and the periodic table. Then, perhaps less worthy, US serial killers and their nicknames. But it was no use. As if assembled by some sinister corporation, Cubism and non-dependent clauses, noble gases and the Connecticut Ghoul united to keep her conscious. 
Wendy flipped the pillow back behind her head. Then she rose, stepped to the window and drew back the curtains. Out on Lilybank Road all was quiet. And it was the same story also when she hoisted herself up and curled around to take in the visible slither of Spicerhill High Street. She’d imagined whatever was causing the light, to be parked out there. But it wasn’t. Instead, she spied a glow way further out. Way beyond Charlotte Park and those posh streets that surrounded it. Through almost-bare trees it travelled, and when Wendy pushed her hand into its glare, and opened out her fingers, it turned her skin practically luminous.
Standing high above London, in the ship’s crow’s nest, the boy, Peter, grinned. Through the cracked lens of his telescope he watched Wendy, wrapped up in curtains and, fascinated, twisting now her entire arm into the beam. 
Doused in blue, the boy whispered just one word. ‘Gotcha.’ 
And then the light went out.

2. The Boy in the Basket
Thursday October 16th 2014

Wendy had hung around at the window for a few minutes more. But when she was certain that the light had gone for good, she’d climbed back into bed. It had been difficult to settle though, and she remembered hearing the clock at the top of the stairs chime three. Or was it four? At that point it had been kind of academic. 
Sat at the breakfast table, she yawned. Mrs Darling motioned at the girl to cover her mouth. ‘You tired?’ she said. Wendy nodded.
‘A bit. It was that funny light kept me up. Didn’t you see it?’
But Mrs Darling shook her head, and everyone else looked blank. Wendy nodded to her brothers. ‘They slept right through it.’
Michael, at six, the younger of the boys, crossed his eyes and tapped a few times on his head. John snorted a laugh.
‘Stop that you two.’ said Mrs Darling. ‘Was it that lamppost? Was it flashing again? It’s a nuisance that thing.’
‘No, it was something else.’ said Wendy, ‘It was blue.’
‘Police car, maybe?’ said Mr Darling. ‘Or a fire engine?’
‘Or an ambulance from the funny farm.’ said John. 
‘I won’t tell you two again.’ said Mrs Darling.
‘It was him that said it.’ said Michael, and he folded his arms tight.
‘Yes. But you laughed.’
‘It wasn’t any fire engine I don’t think.’ said Wendy. ‘It was coming from over that way,’ and she nodded to the window, ‘across the park. Behind those big houses on Charlotte Terrace. It was really bright.’
‘I knew we should have gotten thicker curtains.’ said Mrs Darling.
Wendy had made a face at this. Those curtains were thin, it was true. But the woman at the stand had told them they were proper vintage. From the 1950s. Practically antiques. 
‘It was probably a light on a crane. Might have gone faulty.’ said Mr Darling, ‘There’s new houses going up kind of around there. The cranes need lights. For planes. It is a bit odd though because they really ought to be red.’
‘I bet it’s all sorted by tonight.’ said Wendy’s mother. And she brushed toast crumbs into her hand.
But Wendy wasn’t quite so sure. Despite being so tired, bedtime wasn’t about sleep anymore. Tonight it was all about the blue light. This was something that, on her Tube ride to the office, Mrs Darling was already beginning to suspect.

***

‘Did you hear me, Wendy?’ asked Mrs Kirkham. 
‘Penguins.’ said Asha as quietly as she could. Then, staring straight ahead, and barely moving her lips, she added ‘What is it they eat?’
She’d heard not a word of the lesson, Wendy, so, trading on the currency of well-received homework and a legacy of high essay marks, she said ‘Ice lollies, I should imagine.’ Quiet laughter filled the classroom. ‘Ice lollies, and those crushed ice drinks they sell in coffee shops. And ice cream, of course.’
‘Yes. Very funny, Wendy. Go and grab a box of board pens. The coloured ones.’
She liked Mrs Kirkham. Wendy. Aside from being a great teacher, she’d occasionally adopt the persona of some frightful old battleaxe and say things like ‘You. Yes, you. The plain girl.’ She was careful of course, to limit such wheezes to certain classes and study groups. And careful also to fire that particular crack at girls who were, by the reckoning of most people, both not at all of the plain variety and perfectly willing to give back to Mrs Kirkham as good as they received.
She slid, Mrs Kirkham, one key out from a bunch around a ring. Then she lobbed it at Wendy. 
‘For the resource room. Catch.’
Wendy picked up the key from the floor. The girls in class might have teased her a bit on the way out, all exaggerated yawns and half-closed eyes, but it was an errand Wendy was glad to run. Five, possibly six, minutes could be spent from door to door. That was five or six minutes closer to home time, night time and the window of her bedroom.
Wendy unlocked the door and waited for the fluorescent strip light to stop its slow, headachy on-off flickering. Eventually it popped on, revealing the muddle of boxes and overstuffed cubby holes that passed for a storeroom at St Matthew’s. Wendy liked it though. It was one of those places, like museums and libraries, with its own special smell of stuff: stacks of paper, pencils, paints, unclean science kit and dust. One entire wall was taken up by rows of wooden shelves. 
Here, a battle raged. That’s because it was here that the various school departments jostled with one another for space and supplies. The evidence of these tussles? Sticky notes. In pastel shades these were slapped at crude angles, and claimed ownership of anything likely to be plundered. 
With the pens way out of reach, Wendy slid a storage box beneath the shelf. Filled with cloths and cleaning materials, a note on the lid read Sine macula! It was the St Matthew’s motto, and it translated to Without stain. Wendy smiled. It was Miss Blake’s handwriting. That lazy, elegant S – on display in the Some strange interpretations of this short story… comment that had crowned a recent English paper – gave the game away. 
Wendy stepped onto the box. Its lid bevelled, but just about took her weight. Then she stretched an arm up and quickly grabbed the carton before the whole thing buckled. Next, to waste a bit of time, she snooped the shelves for something to pinch. A ream of printer paper would have been handy. But it was impossible to conceal. So she settled instead for a couple of Biros. In a corner, Geography’s telescope sat folded up on its tripod. Recently, a few of the class had assembled at dusk. Then they’d taken it out to the pitches – where only the other week Wendy had scored a superb volley – and, with Mrs Kirkham pointing the way, had spotted Mars and Saturn. The excursion had also given some of the more creative girls plenty of opportunity to wheel out the ruder-sounding pronunciation of Uranus.
Wendy grabbed the thing and carried it across the linoleum. With the tripod’s legs splaying out and bashing against boxes and crates, the red gravel caked to its feet loosened up and hit the deck. But eventually Wendy made it to the other side of the room. Here, dust sparkled in the daylight from the tiny window overlooking Spicerhill.
Bullying the tripod so it stood up, Wendy looked into the telescope, and through someone’s careless thumbprint. By twisting the eyepiece, a wiry blur quickly sharpened into a steeple. In a slit of a window: a pigeon. On the street below: a lady walking a dog. Then a man chasing, hopelessly, a bus. It sped away, but to save face he continued running long beyond the stop. 
But these were only enjoyable distractions. What Wendy was really looking for was that crane her father had mentioned. St Matthew’s was about half-a-mile to the left of her home. So she swung the telescope to the right. There, in the park, was that fountain. The one that she’d never once seen working. Behind that: the skateboard park. And a little further ahead: the statue of Sir Oliver Brassington on Pinnacle, his charging horse. Each were topped, as per local tradition, with a traffic cone. 
It had to be, this crane, somewhere beyond the statue. Somewhere behind those posh houses where everything – Terrace and Circus and Mews and Place – was preceded by the word Charlotte. But no cranes did Wendy see. Just to be sure, and conscious that Mrs Kirkham would soon send someone to fetch her, she quickly panned across the park again. Nothing. Except… there was something actually. It wasn’t a crane though. Looked more like a pole. Wendy twisted the eyepiece a little more. 
A ship’s mast thrust into the sky, and on the ropes and lines around it, climbing towards a basket contraption, was a boy. 

3. Are You Ready For Valhalla?
Thursday October 16th 2014

With a single agile twist, the boy had installed himself in the wooden basket. He was fast. Almost too fast for Wendy. It had been a job to keep him in the telescope’s sight. Snapshots were all she’d managed: tight, murky-coloured jeans he wore. And a dark-green jumper that cried out for a needle, thread and soap. Now that he had settled though, she saw that he was a pale sort and that his wild hair angled out like the roots of an upturned tree. There was an odd feeling of power, thought Wendy, in observing someone from so far away. 
Gripping the brim of the basket, the boy leaned out, his back arching and stretching. He was staring, with screwed-up eyes, at the streets below; rotating first one way and then the next. He was looking for something, guessed Wendy. And when at last he thrust his head forwards, then scrambled, in seconds, down the mast and out of sight, she reckoned that he’d found it. 
Despite the boy’s exit, it had been difficult for Wendy to drag herself from the telescope. She’d tried to follow his route but found the ropes were obscured behind trees and rooftops and long-redundant chimneypots. She’d spied a flag, though – a rag more or less – nailed a few feet above the basket. The colour sucked from it, it ascended in a puny breeze. Then it quickly drooped, as if exhausted by the effort. Wendy huckled the telescope back to more or less where she’d found it. Then she negotiated the path to the door, clipping shelves and boxes along the way, and stepping across loops of uncoiled cables.

***

The pen nibs squeaked on the whiteboard. And in blues and greens Mrs Kirkham charted the decline of the polar icecaps. But to Wendy it was all just noise in the background; a distraction from the mystery of the boy in the basket. At home time she deliberately meandered, taking an age to sort her bag, and even emptying it out to buy more time. She didn’t want company on the walk to No. 14. She wanted space to think about what she’d seen. It was a ship’s mast. Of that she was certain. This basket, then, was a kind of a perch. Stopping for a moment she had a look on the internet. A crow’s nest. That was the proper name for the thing. But how could that be? Find a ship, she thought, and you generally find a sea. At least a river. It was true that Wendy didn’t know too much about that Charlotte Park area, but she knew enough to conclude it was no place for a boat.

***

From behind a battered old telephone box, Peter watched the men, half-a-dozen of them piling into the back of the van. The last one, slamming the wooden hoarding encasing the shop, twisted a key in the padlock. Next, and despite the catcalls to get a move on, he tugged the base of the lock, making quite certain the hasp was screwed good and tight against the wood. He wouldn’t be rushed. He was in charge and it wasn’t their jobs on the line if the place got turned over. A final shove and, satisfied that the site was secured, the man walked, saluting in a fashion, towards the jeers and slow-handclapping.
When eventually the van’s double-doors were pulled closed, and it had putted up the road, Peter approached the shell of a shop. He was inside – amid the busy smell of glue and drying plaster and just-sawn wood – before the van had even disappeared over the hill. Across boxes of tiles and slabs of marble he walked. He untwisted the half-packet of digestives and looked around. Against an unvarnished bar: plastic pails full of expensive-looking chrome fixtures. At the far-end wall: virginal ovens and grills, wrapped, like gifts, in tight coats of protective black plastic. But none of these interested Peter. He wasn’t here to rob the place. Not really. He was after just one thing. Through the telescope he’d been watching all day the men bolting, above the unit’s door, a huge neon sign. Madison Avenue American Diner it read (although, confusingly, the restaurant was actually located on Honeyview Road). Now, as the boy had hoped, a thick flex protruded from a hole in the opposing brickwork. From his pocket, he whipped out a stick. Small it was, but with its whittled edge he quickly cut himself a generous length. The girl, you see, would soon be visiting. And he had to be ready. 
As Peter wrapped the flex around his waist, a mobile, left on a workbench, rang out: Let ‘em all come down to The Den went the ringtone. On its screen: Monica. Soon someone would return for it. The boy had gotten what he came for though, and he was back out on the street before the chant had given up. 

***

At dinner that evening Wendy remained lost in puzzles. Her mother had noticed the girl’s frowns and calculations but was quickly fobbed off with talk of algebra and Bannockburn. Then, despite longing to plot alone in the bedroom, a half-hour was wasted on washing-up duty. Well, not completely wasted.
‘A river? Behind Charlotte Terrace?’ said Mr Darling, ‘A duck pond maybe. But that’d be in the park. Why?’
He handed Wendy a wet plate. 
‘Oh, Asha at school’s looking for somewhere to swim.’ It was a rubbish lie, but on the spot it was all she could think of.
‘Brittlefield Baths sounds a better bet than Charlottesville I’d have thought.’ Wendy smiled at her dad’s nickname for the area.
‘I’ll tell her.’
With the dishes done, Wendy jogged up to the bedroom. Inevitably, John and Michael were sprawled upon the carpet. Eyes fixed on the TV, they meddled with controllers. 
‘Porthos. Level nine. Mission accomplished.’ said John solemnly.
‘With lives to spare.’ said Michael.
‘My heroes.’ said Wendy. ‘Shift over a bit.’
Reluctantly, Michael moved his legs so Wendy could get at the wardrobe door. 
For Wendy, vintage dresses were the thing, and inside that wardrobe, decades – from the 40s to the 60s – hung chronologically from identical wooden hangers. Left unchecked, this rabble of frocks would, one day, push out John and Michael’s jackets and jumpers for good. 
It was Alison Thompson – schoolfriend Bethany’s older sister – who’d begun it all. Two years ago, Alison’s vintage-clothes shop, Foxtrot, had opened. Wendy had spotted a feature in the Spicerhill Echo’s On The High Street column, asked for a job and – unofficially – had become a kind of opener-of-boxes and sorter-of-stock. 
In the small room at the back, among drawers of buttons, ribbons and pins she’d logged and labelled dresses from exotic-sounding places: Palm Rivers, Florida. Sunblush Valley, Wyoming. But no matter from where they’d been sent, the boxes always revealed that same great scent: that patchwork of mothballs, antiseptic, lavender and something else that Wendy could never quite work out. Alison reckoned it wasn’t really a smell at all; it was the ghosts of the girls who’d once worn the frocks. Wendy’s pay had been a dress a week, and now the scent had taken over the wardrobe. 
‘Shut that door.’ said John. ‘It’s smelling like girls in here.’
‘Rather that than your socks.’ said Wendy.
‘My coat was stinking of it yesterday. What are you looking for?’
‘Just a thing. Hold on.’
Below the dresses, in a plastic bag, Wendy knew she’d find her Illness Jumper: a scraggy old black thing worn for comfort during colds and flu. She grabbed it, then manoeuvred herself away from her brothers and onto her bed. There, Wendy waited out the hours until bedtime proper. She was ready. 
Under her sheets she thought about the boy and also read by torchlight.
But mainly she thought about the boy.

4. The Beckoning Bell
Thursday October 16th – Friday October 17th 2014

Out on the landing, a cheap chime from a cheap clock announced the quarter-hour. The last one before midnight. Next, like clockwork, Mr and Mrs Darling’s bedside lights clicked off. Almost, but not quite, in unison. They never were. Nana? She had clumped down the stairs some time ago. The boys? They had been sleeping soundly for a while now, lost in Porthos-drenched dreams. All spaceships and strategy. 
So now – now that the parents and the brothers and the dog were out of harm’s way – now would be the moment for the light to flash through the curtains. From her pillow, Wendy stared out towards the window. She snapped her fingers, convinced that sooner or later one click would summon a blast of blue. But when a noise drifted out from one bunk or other she stopped. It was frustrating, all this waiting around. Already dressed, she was primed, ready to spring from bed. She rose and headed for the window. Maybe the light was on, but it just hadn’t made it this far. Or maybe a cloud had gotten in the way. Carefully, she inched across the room and peeked out through the curtains. Two moths flitted around the phasing orange beam of that faulty streetlamp – the one that the council never quite managed to fix – but beyond that, all was quiet. 
Wendy flumped back down on the mattress. That damn spring dug into her back again. She pushed it aside. It wasn’t the waiting really; it was the uncertainty. There was of course an excellent chance of the light not appearing at all. Tonight or any night. And how disappointing would that be? Wendy pulled her bed sheet tightly across her face and sucked the cotton in then out, in then out. Through the cloth, and in the reedy glow of a nightlight, shapes – Michael’s schoolbag hanging on a hook, London’s oldest wardrobe, John’s unstringed guitar – blurred and distorted. Sleep began to pull at Wendy now, and it would have quickly dragged her under. But then, from beneath the stretching cotton, Wendy saw the room change from muddy yellow to crisp, clean blue. Automatically, she rose.
Wendy had fixed it so that she would more or less step into her trainers from bed. But with her hands shaking it took her two goes to tie the laces. The Illness Jumper – now she realised she’d put that on backwards. To fix or not? The tag was annoying; it dug into her throat. Then she stopped for a moment and scolded herself. ‘Calm down’ she whispered, and counted, slowly, to five. Next, keeping one eye on the bunks, she tucked her two pillows beneath her sheets, angling the things to resemble what she assumed she looked like when asleep. Then she crept to the window. Her foot, though, clipped something. One of Michael’s trucks or cars or rockets. She couldn’t be sure. It whizzed, whatever it was, across the carpet and thudded the skirting board. Ducked behind her cabinet, Wendy froze, certain that her brothers would wake. They slept on though. All clear.
Through the glass, Wendy saw that frost had settled on the windowsill. Under that crooked lamppost, and in sync with its crippled light, the stone sparkled-then-dulled, sparkled-then-dulled, warning Wendy to be extra careful. They made her stop for a couple of seconds, those warnings. Stop and think. It’s a Thursday. It’s freezing. It’s dangerous. And those trainers? She’d walked the grips off them all that summer. One false move on the sill and she’d break her neck or worse. 
But then the blue light reeled her in again. 
The window squeaked a little as Wendy slowly lifted the glass. In the breeze, the curtains silently ballooned out. No such serenity from the jotters and magazines though. They flapped and snapped away. Someone, probably John, grunted. Then, from the hall clock, the first of twelve chimes rang out. Another sound: a gurgle, from Michael. Then, like a pendulum, the huge, ancient paper lightshade – that she called embarrassing and old-fashioned, but her mother insisted was retro and kitsch – began swinging. Next, posters caught by the gust billowed back and forth, pinging tiny thunderclaps into the air. The boys, she knew, would wake up any second. It was now or never. 
And Wendy chose now. 
Under the window she went, clamping one steadying hand onto the trunk of the cherry tree. Swivelling on the sill, Wendy slid the glass down, leaving just a finger’s worth of gap for her return. Through the thin cloth she watched as calm and silence descend once more on the bedroom: the curtains settled; so too did the jotters and books and posters. But all the same she waited, Wendy, her breath clouding the window, until that globe of a lampshade eventually finished swinging. 
Years of shinning up and down the cherry tree made for a silent escape. The drop to the lawn wasn’t so terrible and, besides, her mother had done precisely the same thing when she was Wendy’s age. Now, again like Mrs Darling had done as a girl, Wendy aimed to land on the weird grassless patch below the tree. The Landing Pad, she and her brothers called it. She leapt from the lowest branch: a direct hit. And as she jogged across the crunchy grass only Nana heard the faintest sound. Nana, though, had already looked into the children’s bedroom on her nightly patrol. So she thought nothing of it. And this was how the girl slipped undetected through the gate of No. 14 Lilybank Road, out onto the empty Spicerhill High Street and towards the blue light.
Jogging along the high street, Wendy ticked off the shops: Carter’s Comics, its tightly packed racks just visible behind a busy window of figurines and massive cardboard cut-outs. There was Appleby’s the chemist, serene and reliable. Icarus: the gifty, cookwarey, expensivey place. There was the bakery, Sugar and Spice. Gloucester and Graham the shoe people. Then Jacqueline’s the posh children’s outfitter with its mezzanine full of shorts and dresses in summer, and coats and scarves in winter. There was Pollet the Stationers, elegant as ever. And, still lit thanks to drowsy, lingering diners, Zenzero the Italian place.
Up ahead was the newsagent, Frampton’s, with its hilarious, chained-up Spicerhill Echo boards. Tonight, on thin paper, and from behind a criss-cross of wire it shouted, to nobody: Spicerhill Scouts group banned from all council venues. And in the window, for £2 a week, rows of postcard-sized adverts announced fetes and fairs and things for sale. A piano auction in Harrow. A treadmill (buyer collects). A Girl Guides uniform (worn twice) for £12. 
Two doors down stood Foxtrot. Wendy couldn’t resist a quick peek in the window. Sometimes, opposite the tiny changing room at the back, Aloysius, Alison’s massive, solemn marmalade cat, would be sleeping – crammed, somehow, into a hatbox. But tonight there was no sign of him. 
Foxtrot’s displays always reflected the time of year. And now, with Halloween approaching, a headless wicker mannequin showed off a magnificent silky black evening dress. Next to this, on a plaster column, sat a menacing iron candelabra. Inside, on the glass, Alison had painted skeletal autumn trees. She’d scattered real leaves around too. A beetle, scooped up with the foliage, trundled around on the floorboards, lost for the moment in a repeating figure of eight. 
Wendy moved on. But after a couple of seconds she winced and sat as best she could on the narrow ledge beneath Foxtrot’s window. She untied her left shoe, took it right off and gave it a shake. Then into her hand bounced the three little tablets she’d meant to take before setting out. Nothing illegal: just a vitamin and a couple of caffeine pills swiped from Mrs Darling’s bottle. Despite her dry throat, Wendy swallowed the lot and ignored the foul combination. Then she finally twisted her jumper around.
Before long she’d passed the park and crossed way beyond Charlotte Terrace. Now though, at seventeen minutes past midnight, she was scuttling through less-familiar territory. Kemp Street. Brittlefield Way. Bleak Walk. Every right or left turn shifted and tweaked the horizon. On Preston Avenue, beats, and bits of chorus – and if this is the last I see of you tonight – rose above the ticking engine of an empty minicab. The words faded in, hung around for a few seconds, then evaporated. 
Shadows grabbed at the mundane and presented them instead as monsters. On Cardoman Road, lines of wheelie bins had looked for all the world like a gauntlet of muggers. On Admiral Drive, the bent spines and black fabric of a cheap umbrella poked out from a hedge. To Wendy it had been a gigantic insect bristling at the thought of a midnight feast. 
Each little detail made Wendy jumpy: the distant whop-whop-whop of a police helicopter; a white shirt, floating on a line and, over at the corner of Twinnet Avenue, the warning, daubed in yellow paint, across a bottle bank: Mind your manners – you’re in Spicerhill Spartans territory. 
But the blue light – that one mysterious constant – urged Wendy on. The truth, though, was that the light wasn’t getting any closer. At least, that’s how it seemed. And right now it looked further away than ever. That minicab had appeared again, and it had slowed down as it passed her by. And on Comet Road, when a tin can, caught in the wind and leaking dregs of cola, rattled towards her, Wendy drew the line. Light or no light, it was time to go home. Tomorrow she’d find some excuse to be in the resource room. She’d take a look through the telescope again and get a proper idea of where to search. And it was a thing she’d undertake on Saturday. In daylight. It had been daft and dangerous to slip out at midnight like some burglar on the prowl.
Looping back home, Wendy marched past the fussy front gardens of Gosling Street. In the centre of one lawn a wooden windmill spun and squeaked in the breeze. Wendy knew this street. Asha from her Geography class lived at No. 19. The house with the netball hoop above the back door, and the flap at its base for Bunny, their cat. They sat together in that class, Wendy and Asha. Ever since a bunch of girls had tried teasing Wendy for being ‘dressed like an evacuee’ and Asha had told them to shut it. Armed with knowledge from the lesson itself, they’d tried, those girls, to tie a stringed tag around Wendy’s neck. Upon it, they had written:
Name: World War Wendy
Address: 39-45 Weirdo Street
Wendy had grabbed an arm though, and when she’d twisted it around the back of one of the offending group Mr Bradley had bounded from his desk and called a halt to the scrap. Now they copied each other's homework, Wendy and Asha, with Wendy supplying English, History and the sciences, and Asha in charge of anything related to numbers and Geography. And they avoided detection via the eighty percent rule: pinching only that ratio of the other girl’s work.
As Wendy walked on, she imagined the route as her own private train line. And when she neared the lamppost at the corner, she quickly bolted onto it a loudspeaker. Then a cut-glass voice shrilled into the bedrooms of Comet Road: 
The Wendy Darling now departing from Gosling Street is the – Wendy glanced at her phone – midnight twenty-four service to Lilybank Road. From the screen, Wendy silently reeled off the route from her map app. Calling at Comet Road – Twinnet Avenue – Admiral Drive – Cardoman Road – Preston Avenue – Llewelyn Crescent – Bleak Walk – Brittlefield Way – Kemp Street – Charlotte Terrace – Spicerhill High Street and terminating at Lilybank Road. 
In less than ten minutes Wendy was on Admiral Drive, where every house had a name – Highview – The Burrow – Swan Rise. Next, she crossed Cardoman Road. On Cardoman Road, the name of your house didn’t matter, but the state of your lawn did. And on Preston Avenue, where neither names or lawns held much fascination, Wendy almost hugged the sad – and saddle-less – tiny pink bike with the For collection label taped to its frame. 
Llewelyn Crescent – it felt comforting and familiar to Wendy – marked the halfway point. Here, posh white terraced houses stood tall behind smart black iron railings. Fixed to them, stern little signs sneered that Bicycles left chained to these railings will be disposed of immediately. 
Wendy checked the time. Forty-eight minutes past midnight. Her map had gone haywire though. All flashing lights and weird error reports. She shrugged; she didn’t really need it anyway. Soon she’d be back in bed. And with luck nobody would be any the wiser. 
A couple of doors away, Wendy saw that perched on a railing was a child’s woollen mitten. A kind soul must have rescued it from the pavement: a simple thing, really, but something that made the girl smile. It was worth a photo she thought. The bright-red knit against the whiteness of the building might make a nice Christmas card. Even the slug trails that criss-crossed the wool looked kind of silvery and festive.
It was precisely as she had framed the shot that she heard it for the first time. The jangle of a bell. Wendy looked up and down the street. Nothing. Could it be a wind chime? That seemed a bit studenty for this part of Spicerhill. A bit too New Age. Perhaps she’d pressed something – some camera function – on her phone. That had to be it. Satisfied, Wendy began zooming into the mitten once more. And it was then that she felt it: the brush of something at her ankles. Wendy yelped and leapt back. Staring up at her was a wiry grey dog. Bigger than a Corgi. Smaller than a Labrador. 
As the dog circled around Wendy, first one way then the next, the tinkling continued. She crouched and softly stroked the pup’s head. On a green collar, a small silver bell hung, and below that, on the dog’s breast, she sported a scar. But that was all. No name tag. And when Wendy felt around for a microchip – between the shoulder blades was a good bet – she found nothing.
Wendy looked up and down the street. People sometimes, she supposed, walked their dogs this late. But here, bang in the centre of Llewelyn Crescent, where you could see for yards in both directions, all was quiet. So, intending for the dog to follow her, Wendy made soft clicking sounds and beckoned with her hand. She’d decided to bring the animal home and worry about explaining it all later. But the dog had a better idea. And as she moved down the avenue – and back towards the light – she knew well that Wendy would be the one doing the following.
This was the last thing Wendy needed. The clock was ticking and she had wanted this affair to be done within an hour. But how could she leave this strange ringing dog on her own? Imagine if Nana was lost? And so Wendy found herself, at seven minutes to one in the morning – and on a school night – drawn further and further from home. 
Through avenues, crescents, lanes and squares they jogged. But the dog remained one step ahead. Then, on a patch of waste ground, Wendy eventually had to stop for a rest. She hunkered down on her heels for a moment while the dog sat a safe distance away. Underfoot, bricks jutted from the earth here and there, betraying the outlines of long-demolished buildings. On one side of the red gravel patch stood a row of railway arches. A few of these had been turned into scruffy lock-ups: little semicircular Aladdin’s caves of crates and boxes and machinery. Square in the middle, driven into the ground, a large sign, beaten by years of exposure, had spoken with ill-advised optimism of a Superb development opportunity and advised interested parties to Call without delay. But that had been two London phone codes ago.
Wendy rose. It was a cue for the dog to disappear through a tangle of bushes and on into one of the arches. The bell echoed around the tunnel but by now Wendy was tired of the thing. She was moments from leaving the dog to her own affairs when she saw it. It was reflected in a puddle that in time she would misremember as being heart-shaped. A half turn, a tilt of the head, and Wendy found herself squinting at a bright blue light. The light? It squinted straight back at her. And it was only later that Wendy remembered the sound of the bell had stopped at that very moment.

***

At No. 14, Wendy’s mother had risen from bed. She watched nothing in particular from the bedroom window and wondered what it was that was making sleep impossible.
Eventually she gave in to a pill and dreamed a dream of danger and loss.

5. 10Ne
Friday October 17th 2014

From a spot opposite the mouth of the tunnel, Wendy peered through tangles of ferns and lanky purple-blue buddleia. Railway roses, her mother called them. Was it definitely this tunnel the dog had zoomed into? It was difficult to be sure. Wendy pushed through the undergrowth and got a bit closer to the entrance. From beyond, sweet wafts of must and dampness added to a weird, solemn silence. Now and then though, she heard the sounds of things scurrying back and forth. Drops of water pinged from the roof too, then plopped into the shallows and echoed across the bricks. 
With a dock leaf, Wendy rubbed away at the sting from a nettle. Then she leant a little into the tunnel. The dense air dared her to breathe it in and she scooted, quickly, a couple of puffs from her inhaler. Then that bell rung out once more. She had taken with her Michael’s torch, the one she often nicked for reading under bed sheets. But as she poked it at the sounds, it flickered, then died. She pocketed it, and with her steps half-illuminated instead by her phone, walked slowly towards the bell. Soon she was swallowing, every few seconds, great gulps of nothing for fear her ears would pop. 
For a minute or more she carried on, Wendy, stumbling once on something: a rotting sleeper or a root. She couldn’t be sure. All the while, the bell drew her deeper and deeper in. And when eventually it stopped ringing, Wendy stopped walking. The air had thinned and as the dog trotted away and out of the tunnel, she did so immersed in blue. 
The broad road at this end of the tunnel had seen better days. Ill-lit, and blemished with potholes, it attracted fly-tippers, the occasional HGV and little else. From her spot at the tunnel’s threshold Wendy clocked a child’s wardrobe, its doors plastered with stickers of a once-adored film franchise. Beside this, a busted-up supermarket trolley. In its basket: paint cans and off-cuts of wood. Behind these, and making the entire thing resemble an art installation, stood an uplighter, its shade brim-full of rainwater, its flex disappearing into the undergrowth. 
With both palms anchored to slimy brickwork, Wendy peeped around the corner. The coarse stone scuffed her cheek and muddied her skin. On one entire side of the road: more and more arches, most bricked-up long ago. Opposite these, a huge metal fence arced away into the distance. 
The fence, a series of no-nonsense battleship-grey sheets, was high alright. But it didn’t quite reach far enough to completely hide a grand iron gate. Its summit of black railings peeped just over the edge. Originally, Wendy concluded, each railing had been topped with what amounted to an arrowhead. But here and there rust had won the day, and only five or six remained. Above the gate hung a neon sign. It had been in the wars for sure, but once it had spelled out its greeting in bright, eye-popping twists of light. Now, the dirty glass tubes were all that remained. Even so, like a drunk, they slurred out their words: 
Welcome to New Adventure Land. 
The sign spoke to nobody now, thought Wendy. But whatever it had been, this New Adventure Land, at some point it must have meant something to someone. From a short distance, the bell snapped her out of it. She glanced towards the sound and saw the dog disappearing around the shallow curve of the fence. She followed, and when she’d rounded the bend, the dog vanished into a patch of dandelions. Her phone lighting up the border, Wendy flattened the weeds and thick grass with her other hand. Then, from behind the foliage, emerged a large flap of sackcloth. Riveted into the fence it was, and when Wendy prodded it, quickly, with a stick, it revealed a sawn-out hole.
Wendy sized the thing up. It was definitely big enough to crawl through. With that dog jangling around on the other side, she cautiously pulled the flap aside and looked in. From where she was crouched, and because of the dark, it was tricky to see anything beyond the odd shape here and there. She had a think: through the gap or back to bed? 
It was a shade over quarter past one when Wendy crawled beyond the fence and through the pair of half-snapped railings on the other side. Crouching close to the fence, she wiped the gravel and dirt from her hands and onto her jumper. Then she pulled at those lengths of wool that had snagged on the jagged edges of the hole. A little distance away, the dog was sniffing around something that Wendy couldn’t quite make out. She took a few cautious steps forward. The dog, meanwhile, scampered off and even when she listened hard Wendy heard not a sound from her again.
It was the eyes that Wendy saw first. Two cold, emotionless circles of blue and white. They were a poor match for the bright-red nose and grinning mouth. The massive plastic head had fallen, years ago, from on top of the crumbling funhouse. Now it lay sideways in a puddle. Scarred and discoloured by the elements, weeds and moss had settled below its underside. Rinsed in the blue light it was a remarkable sight and Wendy grabbed shot after shot of it with her phone.
To the left of the funhouse stood a row of stalls: hook-the-duck and bingo, darts and hoopla. Caved in on itself, the last of these offered dollies for the girls and pocket knives for the boys. 
Beyond the stalls, a ghost train sat next to the Divebomber. Here, a track of bends and swoops balanced on a criss-cross of disintegrating supports. Bevelled now, and with their blue-and-red paint job long since blistered and flaked, these spars disappeared into concrete blocks, each one sporting a faded RAF-style target. 
Wendy crouched to snap the line of blocks and saw that upon one sat a copper coin. On one side was stamped a beautiful ship. Above this, in a curve, were marked the words HALF PENNY. Below the boat: the year 1959. 
Wendy flipped the coin. Enclosing the portrait of the queen: the words ELIZABETH-II-DEI-GRATIA REGINA-F:D. Scattered on the ground nearby were more and more coins. Smaller than the halfpenny, a silver coin seemed to be worth six pence, whilst another one, also silver, and almost as large as the halfpenny, was marked ONE SHILLING. 
They’d fallen, Wendy guessed, from the pockets of those riding this Divebomber. The ride wasn’t the biggest, And nor did it loop like the one she’d been on at that NitroWorld with the school. But that bendy track, and the way parts of it were twisted like a stick of liquorice, would just about do the trick. What it didn’t explain though, was the broken glass that also littered the area. Although she’d heard that years and years ago people would pay for a trip to the cinema with a jam jar, Wendy had always thought it was just something her dad had made up. But maybe it was true. And maybe it had worked for fairground rides too. 
Wendy picked up the coins. They were absolutely ancient after all, and might be worth loads of money. And then, sticking close to the shelter of the track, she moved on. 
Beside the coaster stood a traveller’s caravan. Once beautiful, years of London weather had long-since defeated its canvas roof. It had sunk, the roof, into the bloated wooden wagon and was good now only for collecting gallons of rainwater. Consequently, one of its wheels had buckled beneath the weight, so the whole affair lurched at an angle. It wasn’t collapsing anytime soon, thought Wendy, so she circled it and grabbed a few photos. Above its little saloon doors was nailed a sign. Wendy read the fancily painted words: Have your fortune told by the all-seeing Caterina Volante. She tugged, Wendy, at the door, and the motion caused a glug of water to slosh out from the roof and down the side of the carriage. 
Standing on the little row of steps, Wendy poked her head through a beaded curtain and swished Michael’s torch around the inside the wagon. There, the busted wheel had caused everything to either collect towards the right-hand side or, in the case of the pictures and charts fixed to the walls, hang askew. One of these pictures, a huge illustration of a hand, its palm and fingers sectioned off and annotated, seemed to Wendy to have been caught mid-wave. 
She leaned further in and read from the chart. Alongside common components like the line of life and the heart line, the drawing detailed also lines of fate, happiness and success. Beyond these were areas even less familiar: the Girdle of Venus as well as a number of mounts: Apollo, Mercury, Jupiter and more. Pointing the torch at her own hand, Wendy compared it to the one on the wall.
Below the chart, a small round table and a couple of chairs had been pulled to the side. An ornate fringed cloth had slid from the table surface and, on the bare wooden floor lay the fragments of a crystal ball. Smashed-up also were a teapot and a solitary cup. These had fallen from a shelf, above which a sign offering tea-leaf reading was pinned.
In the roof, a single beam extended from one end of the wagon to the other. Broken now, almost in two, attached to this via a chain was a bird cage. It was swaying, the cage, and when Wendy shone the light upon it she revealed the prostrate skeleton of some unfortunate creature. Stepping towards the cage, Wendy became conscious that her weight, modest though it was, had caused the carriage to creak and shift. But she took another step anyway. Then she undid the catch, pulled open the tiny arched door of the cage and jabbed gently at the skeleton inside. Responding, a joint moved the way it would if the poor thing were still alive. But then a drop of water landed on Wendy’s hand and the surprise caused her to mishandle the thing. A bone separated out from the frame and landed with a tap on the base of the cage. She looked up, Wendy, at the roof. Bulging across the beam, that balloon of a canvas hung heavy and taut. So pendulous was the roof, and so invasive, that at its lowest point Wendy would have had to crouch beneath it. She prodded at it and her finger disappeared into the fabric. Outside and above her, the water reacted. Then, as it found its way down the side of the carriage, much of it leaked back through the wall and gathered in the furthest corner. Fearing the roof could burst at any moment, Wendy reversed out of the squat space and away from the stench of stagnant water and dead pigeons.
Once, thought Wendy, New Adventure Land had been the venue for a thousand birthdays; a magical place in the city that swapped pocket money for rides on coasters and trains, merry-go-rounds and dodgem cars. But as she looked all around, it struck her that this fairground hadn’t simply closed. It had, she was sure, been abandoned. 
Directly in the fair’s centre stood what would have been a magnificent carousel. Now, peeling paint, crooked wooden slats and gaps in the roof showed that the elements had had their way with this ride too. But Wendy loved it all the same. In a circle, horses, elephants, tigers and rabbits had, for who knows how long, been waiting here in silence. Wendy climbed carefully onto a bear. It sank, but only a few inches. She placed her face against the bear’s, then gently rocked back and forth.
It was sound that came first. A soft, happy little organ tune leaked into the air. Wendy looked to her right.
Then came the lights. Wendy’s eyes darted around the canopy as above her those few coloured bulbs with breath remaining pinged into life. Revealed now: bits of wooden animals scattered on the slats below: a tusk and a trunk. A tiger’s ear. A glorious horse’s tail. 
Then the entire ride seemed to creak and sigh as reluctantly it shunted into life and began spinning.
Sliding from the bear, Wendy grabbed the stripy pole in its centre and hoisted herself back up. Her phone, those coins and that torch of Michael’s: all had fallen from her pocket. Behind her, the sound of something being mangled blasted from the machinery below. Wendy looked back. The torch had plunged through the floor, and now from the oblong gap shards of plastic and glass were tumbling. Wendy’s phone, though, lay on the edge of the hole. On the next pass she stretched to the deck and only just managed to nab the thing without pushing it, also, into the void. The coins? Valuable as they were, she was delighted to leave them. 
As the carousel rotated, faster than you’d imagine, almost all of the animals were rising and descending. Those too broken to move? They jutted and shunted, paralysed, thought Wendy, and dragged against their will. A few, compelled by the failing machinery, thrashed back and forth as if afflicted by a fit. Above Wendy, a bulb exploded and a rain of green glass scattered onto the boards to her left. Then, up ahead, a lion began shifting to one side, as if in slow motion. Wendy watched it peel away from its axis, and when eventually it met the surface, it swept, with its mane, the mildewed slats, bouncing and jerking against those most buckled and bent. 
The carousel spun for a couple more circles then, as bluntly as it had started, it halted in precisely the same position it had begun. After a few seconds the bulbs went out too. But the music meandered on. Wendy gripped the candy-striped pole even tighter. Should she sprint to the hole in the fence? Or try and creep there in the shadows? 
Moving stiffly, Wendy climbed down from the bear. But before her foot had found the floor, the carousel began moving once more. Again, she clamped, as best she could, the pole and hauled herself back into the saddle. Wendy closed her eyes tight. Below the slats, the grinding of unoiled machinery clashed with the twinkling carousel music. That poor lion. The first time round its mane had created a clean channel; swept away puddles and dirt and feathers and droppings. But now its body slid further down that skewer of a pole. And when, as if reacting to a rifle shot, its back end hit the deck, it began breaking up and snagging on floorboards long ago separated from their joists. 
The ride spun on for a good minute or so, and when it stopped Wendy kept her eyes shut tight. Then, when at last she climbed from the bear, and dared to open one eye, she was faced with an awesome sight. The thing had halted directly opposite a huge, weather-beaten ship of dark wood. The Gargoyle she was called.
From the portside – the left-hand-side of the ship – a row of eight copper-coloured cannons poked out. And on two lanky masts hung a couple of massive grey-and-black-striped sails. These would have billowed in the wind were it not for a collection of rips in the canvas Around a dozen in each. On her bow, a stunning figurehead: a snarling winged gargoyle. It stared out, immune, it seemed to Wendy, to damage from wind or water.
Crouching in the shadow of the bear, Wendy lifted her head slowly and followed a highway of ropes that eventually narrowed around one of the masts. In less-careful times girls and boys would have scurried up and down these lengths. It was these ropes that Wendy had watched the boy climb before he’d leapt into the crow’s nest. Finally, nailed to the mast’s summit, flew the flag Wendy had spied through the telescope. Then, drooping and defeated, it had hung, like an old dishcloth, in deathly-still air. But not now. Now, from nowhere, a wind had picked up. It gathered the flag, and when the tattered fabric rose and snapped in the air, it flaunted the skull and crossbones of a vessel fit for pirates. On the carousel too it pulled, the wind, at horses’ tails and lions’ manes. And it blew across the boards fragments of broken bulbs and the shrapnel from Michael’s torch. Wendy watched the glass pooling, as if magnetic, in piles of red and blue and green. Then, demanding attention, the smaller sails, still capable of capturing the wind, fired from the Gargoyle soft clapping sounds as they breathed in and out. 
Wendy moved out now from the cover of the bear. She began slowly, desperate to make not a sound. Prior to each step she tested the boards below, and when one rose, like something from a slapstick routine, she let it silently sink back and found another route. But underfoot, that bulb glass bit into the soft, worn soles of her trainers. Was there anyone around to hear the snapping and grinding? Crouching, she continued weaving between the wooden animals and across the scuffed, dust-free path the lion’s mane had created. Then she stepped from the boards. Running, she figured, might tempt fate so she walked, briskly, across the open ground, doubled-up as far as was possible, and with one eye shut, as if that would make her less visible. And all the while on that frightful trip to the gap in the fence, Wendy’s finger hovered over the phone key that would instantly call home – and instantly locate her in a whole other world of trouble.
To the sound of the organ music she made a promise that if she could only get back to No. 14 she would never again complain about washing-up or homework or John and Michael hogging the bedroom. She would own up too that it was she – not Nana – who had broken that vase the other day. Spinach? For the iron? Not a problem. And in her Design and Technology group she would never again sabotage the work of the ghastly, boasting Amanda Craven. They were surely a fair trade, these pledges, for a safe passage home. 
Past the stalls now went Wendy, and round the clown’s head. Then she knelt before the boundary. The broken railings. The hole in the fence. They were here somewhere. Weeds though, and shadows, were against her. What if she couldn’t find the gap? No, that was ridiculous. Don’t panic, she thought. Take a moment. Just follow the row of railings and the broken bit will pop up. 
Too exposed, she backtracked, Wendy, and squatted against the clown’s head. There, for a few seconds, she rested her own forehead against the cold fibreglass. Then she whipped out her inhaler. To muffle the sound she shook it beneath her jumper. And then she took a puff. 
It was the ssssccchhh noise of the gadget that had done it. On cue, five pairs of eyes caught the moonlight and zeroed-in on Wendy. But only for a heartbeat. Disinterested, five lean foxes – a mum and four cubs – moved on. And when they each zipped through the gap Wendy followed behind so quickly that for one fleeting moment she became part of the pack. 
After crawling through the dandelion clocks, Wendy stood for a few seconds and shook rain or dew or pee or whatever it was from her hands. She didn’t care. She was back out on the street and it looked great. The foxes? They padded out towards Lisbon Street. Wendy, though, headed for the tunnel. On the way in, it had been something to fear. Walking through it had called for guts and crossed fingers. Now, after that carousel, that awful clown – after everything – it would be a breeze. Now it spelled safety and escape. Now it was almost welcoming. 
Even so, for luck Wendy decided to hold her breath all the way through. She sucked in the cold air. And when it hit that sensitive tooth it throbbed beautifully. She’d wet herself a bit too. The freezing air from the tunnel had just confirmed that. But who cared? She began a jog. And it was then that she heard the sounds. A series of short, sharp fizzes were zapping out from somewhere behind her. Wendy’s phone fell from her hand. Quickly she ducked down and grabbed the thing. Then she slowly turned around. With each fizz, the colour of the puddles changed from silver to green and back again. It was the neon sign. It had begun flashing on-then-off, on-then-off. Here and there, random letters – O – M – N – E – L – pinged to life and tinted the air before dimming and dying again. 
Watching the letters, Wendy slowly released all that stored-up lucky air and took a couple of paces towards the sign. But a noise from behind the fence had her retreating again. She could have sprinted away. She could have followed the foxes’ route and avoided the tunnel completely. She was, Wendy, a fast runner. In the top three of her year. But rather than run she began to pad, slowly and silently, backwards. All the while she kept her eyes on the sign and her finger on the phone. Again, she heard a soft scuttle from beyond the fence. It sounded like an animal. That dog maybe. Or another of those foxes. 
To the tunnel she marched, and straight through it she’d have fled had the most tender of growls not barred her path. At her feet, guarding the tunnel entrance, stood the little grey dog. Her low snarl, hooded eyes and arched back urged Wendy out towards the street. And when she tried a few feints – like the ones she used at netball and football – to clear a route to Lisbon Street, the dog remained one step ahead. Defeated, Wendy turned towards the sign.
It was then that she saw him. 
He was sat, somehow, on top of that fussy iron gate beyond the fence. In his hands he held a length of sparking, crackling electrical cable. He was busy, the boy, twisting the cable back and forth and frowning into the tiny fountains of light that spurted from it. When at last he looked up, the boy grinned at Wendy. But only for a moment. The wire, it seemed, was more absorbing. 
Wendy stared at the boy. Flickering in the strobing sign, he looked, she thought, like an imp on leave from Hell. That weird tousled hair she’d seen through the telescope sat above a pale, sharply featured face. He was lithe and agile, if you wanted to be kind. Or too damn thin if you didn’t. Every so often he would steal a glance at Wendy, and flash that same mischievous smile. Had she wanted to escape she couldn’t have. The dog, who’d demonstrated already her skills, was now circling her, although so gently that her bell barely registered. But the truth is Wendy felt little danger now. Fear had given way to fascination.
The boy whistled as a spark caught him unaware. Then, either through accident or design, the glass tubes of the sign at last stopped dancing and a steady green glow popped into the air. The cable he’d taken from Madison Avenue had done the trick at last. 
‘Ta-dah.’ said the boy with no fanfare.
Wendy read the words. Then she looked at the boy. Expecting rather more from her, he leaned out from the railings and, anchored by one hand, stared up at the sign. And then he grumbled softly to himself. Not all of the neon letters had illuminated. And now, rather than reading Welcome to New Adventure Land, it spelled out, the sign, a message that Wendy would never forget:
Welcome to Ne- - -ve---r- Land. 
She read the words again. Slowly and in a whisper that only she could hear. 
Neverland. That’s what she’d call this place. 
The boy watched her, and when she looked to him again he was stood up: balanced upon the railings, legs splayed, cable coiled and fizzing around his neck, and both hands on his hips. He thumped his chest and said ‘Peter.’ This he followed with an entitled little smirk. 
The entire thing reeked of a triumphalism for which he’d done precisely nothing to earn. Who on earth does he think he is, this boy, thought Wendy.
Moving, for a second, the arm that had been obscuring the wet patch on her jeans, the girl struck her own chest, harder than this Peter had thumped his. It hurt a bit, but she didn’t show it. Instead, with conviction, she said ‘Wendy.’ Then she stared, unimpressed, straight back at him.
Eventually the boy lowered his hand and, like two cagey gunslingers slowly holstering their weapons, Wendy lowered hers too. 
Peter nodded to the dog. ‘Tink.’
Wendy glanced down to where the dog had been spooling around her, but she caught only a tail disappearing through the gap in the fence. And when she looked up to where the boy was sitting, he too had vanished. 
It was silly, but Wendy waited for a couple of minutes in case either of them reappeared. But they didn’t and, fascinated or not, she wasn’t going to follow the dog back into this Neverland. Not tonight. 
Through the fence, Peter and Tink were already on their way to bed. They were certain, of course, that they’d be seeing Wendy again soon. And as she jogged through the tunnel and back to sheets and pillows and brothers, the girl knew this also. She followed the row of arches to where they met the junction at Brittlefield Road. Embedded in the soles of her trainers, those thin shards of bulb-glass kept her company as they crunched and crumbled for a while on the paving stones of Spicerhill. 
Before Wendy had even reached the high street, the boy and his dog were dreaming. The Neverland sign, meanwhile, began to stutter once more. With the cable now looped, like a noose, around a railing post, one by one, the letters sputtered out. The W of Welcome hung on though. Only when the girl had shinned back up the cherry tree and through the window did it too stammer and flash, and eventually darken. 
Wendy knew not a thing of it, but a fox followed her all the way home that night. It had been sent by the boy. He had plans for this Wendy and wanted to make sure she reached No. 14 safe and sound.

6. Ex Mari Victoria
Friday October 17th 2014

Eleven. On the dot. Lowered into Mr James Hook’s white china cup: a biscuit so large it required snapping in half in order to reach the tea inside. Mr Hook’s Rule of Three stated that the biscuit should spend no more than three seconds immersed in the liquor. Beyond three seconds and it would disintegrate. And sink. And then all hell might break loose. 
This morning, the Rule of Three had already been contravened twice. The cause was ‘A problem of the left hand. The sinister. From the Latin. And what, Mr Smee, could be more sinister than this unfortunate beverage that now resembles more a bath of mud than a cup of tea?’
The query was addressed to the figure sat facing the imposing desk of James Hook. Samuel Smee was Hook’s opposite in almost every way. Where Hook was tall, confident, sometimes arrogant and always a fan of the flamboyant, Smee was small, balding and apologetic. He dressed dourly too, in shades of tan and sand. Smee, when he stumbled upon a shirt or shoes or a jacket or jumper he liked, would buy five or six of each item. And this would kit him out for years. When styles, though, moved forward, Smee would of course remain sewn to one particular era. Sometimes, however, he’d find himself accidentally in vogue as one fashion or another rose from the grave, be it for hipsters or the general population.
When he spoke, Samuel Smee whistled his esses. You couldn’t make up that kind of bad luck. Smee had considered, years ago, changing either his name or his teeth, but in the end had left both well alone. Consequently, he had gotten through life introducing himself as seldom as possible. It was said of Smee, too, that when he entered a room it became more empty. And years of self-doubt had caused him to begin most sentences with ‘It’s probably a really bad idea, but...’
Sat on his seat, set with psychological cunning lower than Hook’s own, Smee watched the bolder man jabbing, irritated, at the buttons of the intercom on his desk. It seemed rude to keep staring, so instead Smee let his eyes wander around the office. Moored on shelves and ledges were more than a dozen model ships. Big ones. Small ones. And each more rich in detail than the last. Upon the walls hung paintings of nautical scenes. And from inside a glass cabinet, a collection of miniature wooden figureheads faced out. From his spot some yards away, Smee peered over his spectacles and into the display. There he found a curious menagerie: unicorns and angels, lions and eagles, dragons and maidens. Hook might be a ruthless businessman, thought Smee, but at heart he is a frustrated sailor.
On a strip of wall, between two great windows, was nailed Hook’s own coat of arms. Smee rose. And automatically he adopted his museum stance: hands clasped reverentially behind back; shallow lean into the object. On the shield’s crest was pictured a cutlass, a candle, a book and, naturally, a ship. It bore Hook’s family name too, and a motto: Ex mari victoria.
Hook, meanwhile, had finally grown tired of prodding at the intercom. He stood and, eschewing all technology, shouted ‘Moira. Moira, more tea, please.’ Then, standing behind Smee, Hook clamped his hands firmly on the other man’s shoulders. Then he lowered and angled his head so that when he spoke, Smee felt Hook’s breath in his ear. 
‘It’s all before you in these four symbols, Mr Smee.’ whispered Hook. ‘Fearlessness. Illumination. Knowledge. And my people’s proud seafaring heritage.’ As he reeled off these noble qualities, Hook punctuated each one with a sharp squeeze of Smee’s shoulders. It hurt like hell, but Smee remained silent. 
For all Hook’s fancy words, the truth, though, was quite different. The truth was that Hook had chosen the icons using an internet gadget. The motto – From the sea, victory – he had constructed that via an online translation tool. Then the item had been posted to him from a factory in Dongguan. Its crimson velveteen, stretched across a shield-shaped slice of plywood, was held in place by thirteen staples, all visible on its rear. 
The men returned to Hook’s desk. As a pile of papers were lifted, a silver galleon was revealed: the Cassandra. Beneath her hull crafted curls of metal lent motion to the piece. And when Smee dared to touch the bow of the model, Hook stopped fussing with his paperwork. Then he trained his eyes on Smee’s hand until it retreated. What a beauty she was, the Cassandra. 
‘She’s one of a kind.’ said Hook, clearing space on his desk, ‘I commissioned Claude Chevalier himself to create her.’
When Smee didn’t look quite impressed enough, Hook added a snooty postscript, ‘The man was the world’s finest nautical silversmith.’ then he added sadly, ‘It was the last piece he made before he died. Felled in his native Marseille by a motor car of all things. What irony. Unfinished it was at his death. As you can see from the mainmast.’
Smee hadn’t seen anything of the kind, but now that he scrutinised the pole, sure enough, its topmost section had been left uncompleted. ‘It would have been sacrilege,’ said Hook, ‘to have asked even a gifted craftsman to meddle with a masterpiece. It shall remain as Chevalier left it to me. Left it, more accurately, to the world. Even the flawed,’ he said, with an air of the tragic, ‘can somehow also rise to perfection.’
Hook then gazed at the model and a terrible silence fell upon the office. Only the buzzing, crackling innards of that ancient intercom system filled the air. Eventually, Smee could stand it no longer. He motioned to Hook’s bandaged right hand. ‘Is it getting better?’
Hook, hauled from his meditation, now scowled at the clumsy paw. Then he closed his eyes. ‘It will be better only when the tinkling bell of the canine who bit me is silenced forever.’
He was prone, Hook, to episodes of self-pity and he fairly howled as he asked of Smee ‘Why me? Why Hook, a man who would home every stray in London if he could? And what thanks do I get?’, and he held his hand aloft, ‘The teeth of a dog who runs like a racehorse but rings like a...’ Then Hook’s face grew pale, his eyes became wide and he stiffened in his cold leather chair, ‘Did you hear it? Did you? The dastardly dog is back. It wants to finish me off. It, and that ink-stain of a boy it associates with.’
Smee’s eyes narrowed and he angled and cocked his head to one side. Hook was correct. A bell was tinkling somewhere close by. Then Smee gulped. Spell broken, he marched to the coat stand and silenced his telephone.
‘I’m terribly sorry Mr Hook. My bank. Again. They can’t leave a man alone.’ Then Smee switched the thing off. ‘Insurance for this. Special rates for that. Remember when banks just took your money, ripped you off and left you alone? Those were the days.’
But Hook listened to none of Smee’s babble. Instead, he clasped his head in his hands, causing sunlight to zing from the silver skull around his finger. It caught the light, the ring, then flashed it across the office walls. ‘It will be the end of me, this hound who tolls like the sixteen bells of the Hogmanay ship’s watch.’
A sharp knock on the door signalled the arrival of fresh tea. ‘No calls please, Moira.’ said Hook from beneath his hands.
Moira looked at Smee. Then she nodded to the unsighted Hook and silently asked Is he alright? Smee nodded several times and gave a twitchy thumbs-up. 
When Moira had closed the door, Hook opened one eye. Then he sprang up. For the moment, ringing dogs and ringing phones were put to one side. Instead, Hook’s attention shifted to a large green chest in the corner of the room. Pasted to the battered box, ancient labels – Genoa, Seattle, Cairo, Athens – told of ports and passports, crossings and customs. This box, thought Smee, was better-travelled than the average person. Certainly, it had seen more of the world than he ever would. Sad then for it to be stranded here in an office. Even one with such a nautical bent. 
Hook removed from the surface of the chest yet another ship, the Pentacle this time, before a key from his pocket unlocked a formidable brass padlock. Next he pulled out a huge roll of creamy paper. He flattened it out on the desk, Hook, but its edges rolled back towards the centre. Smee clamped a hand on one edge and Hook tucked the other beneath the intercom. Then the two men stared at the sheet. Upon it was drawn a series of rectangles. And alongside these were printed various measurements and sums. ‘Mr Jukes reckons we can squeeze another hundred square metres around this corner.’ said Hook, tapping rapidly on the paper, ‘If we’re very careful.’
The Mr Jukes in question was William Jukes. Hook’s old university friend had enjoyed a sterling career in the Army. And when that had come to an end he’d founded JukeBox, the burgeoning chain of enormous supermarkets. They were controversial, these stores. Often they destroyed an area’s smaller shops and businesses. And to those shopkeepers affected, the JukeBox slogan, Everything’s inside, seemed to smirk about it all.
Jukes, though, gave not a hoot about any of that. As far he was concerned he was simply giving the world of commerce the kick it required. And he positively bristled at the thought of turning that site he’d identified – the one on Old Valhalla Road – into his biggest store yet. It would all begin with the roll of paper on Hook’s desk. 
 ‘A hundred?’ said Smee, surprising himself, ‘But we’re already way past the boundary as it is. That’s not going to...’ His protest tailed off, though, as Hook caught him with a glare.
‘Oh I’m sure it can be arranged.’ said Smee. It was amazing, however, he thought to himself, the lengths they were going to just so Jukes could sell a few more pallets of beans.
‘When we’re finished with it, that fairground is going to make me – us – all of us – a lot of money.’ said Hook. He dipped a biscuit into his tea. He’d forgotten, though, about that bandaged hand and, in his rush to honour the Rule of Three, tipped the teacup over the plans. In a flash, they turned sepia. 
He had, Hook, since the incident with Tink, tried to teach himself to become ambidextrous. And never short of self-belief, he reckoned that in one weekend he would be using his left hand as easily as he used his right. His confidence though had been ill-founded.
Mechanically, Smee whipped a cloth handkerchief from his pocket. But with his hand no longer pressed upon the paper, it rolled across the desk, dunted the cup, and sloshed across the plan the remaining dregs of tea. Smee began fussing over the drenched paper. But Hook shooed him away with a wave. ‘Leave me, Mr Smee. I will be wretched company now until dinnertime at earliest.’
Smee gathered his belongings: coat, case, briefcase and umbrella. Then he buddied-up to Hook’s florid vocabulary: ‘I wish you an effectual convalescence.’
‘You’re most kind.’ said Hook. ‘Now…’, and as he motioned to the door he was careful, Hook, to call out a non-specific, track-covering trifle that Moira would hear. ‘Thank you again for bringing your brochures in. We’ll be in touch, Mr Johnstone.’ 
Clumsily, and at the last moment, Hook had glued-on the name they’d agreed Smee would be known by when in the presence of Pendulum employees. He’d chosen, Hook, Johnstone specifically because it was an unremarkable name. A name that hid in plain sight. It was one also that could be spelled several ways: Johnson. Johnston. Johnstone. Even Jonson. 
Hook had devised also a bland and difficult-to-pin-down business for his Mr Johnstone. Should Hook be pushed for it by Moira or anyone else, the twitchy little man would be an agent for General Office Supplies. But really, this was all belts-and-braces stuff. The truth is: nobody cared. Hook suspected this. But even so, with Moira nearby, it had been a risk to have Smee, however covertly, in the building. He made a note to avoid such events from now on. 
Despite Hook’s checks and balances, it made Smee nervous too, this clandestine operation. But as he stepped from Hook’s building onto Charnelhouse Street – like a proper man about town – it excited him greatly too. At the traffic lights he waited for the green man. There, he practiced an involuntary grimace: a prop to back up the dental appointment story that had freed him for the meeting.
Slumped across his desk of spilt tea and biscuit sludge, Hook spoke wearily into the fizzing old intercom. ‘Moira, no more calls for a while, please. Unless it’s whatshisname. Simon.’
‘Simon the tailor or Simon the stockbroker?’
‘Tailor.’ said Hook, ‘He said he might phone.’
‘Tailor’ said Moira, and she split the syllables in half, the way people do when they’re indicating that they’re writing something down. ‘I’ve made a note. They sound exactly like one another is the problem.’
‘They really don’t.’ said Hook, ‘One’s from Derbyshire, the other’s from Cumbria. I’ve never understood why you insist they do.’
‘Don’t sound alike.’ said Moira. And again, she separated the component parts out. Hook shook his head. He never could tell when she was teasing. He almost threw in, for good measure, some throwaway comment about how they wouldn’t be requiring anything from Mr Johnstone’s brochures. Then he stopped himself. It would be safer to simply stay silent about the thing. 
‘Anything else?’ said Moira. 
‘What? No.’ But then he glanced at the mess on his desk. ‘Actually, can you ask one of the chaps in administration for a fresh print of plan number 1904? That fellow Darling will do it. Yes, Darling. Odd sort of name for a man.’
7. Catch the Breeze
Friday October 17th – Saturday October 18th 2014

They were at a birthday party, the man with the odd sort of name for a man, his wife and their two sons. A classmate of John’s had turned eleven. Wendy, though, had managed to duck out of the occasion. Mr Darling had not been so fortunate. ‘If I’m going, George, so are you.’ she had heard her mother say.
Wendy was keen instead to tackle her geography homework. Keen, at least, to remove it from her weekend. The light, she had assured everyone, hadn’t returned, and this had put Mrs Darling’s mind at ease. Wendy opened up a folder. 
Use the internet to find ten facts about the rainforests of Peru – write a paragraph about a rainforest fact that reflects your class project.
It was shortly after completing fact seven – Of the estimated ten-million species of the world’s animals, plants and insects, more than half live in the Peruvian rainforest – that Wendy searched New Adventure Land, London. At first, the words summoned the usual unrelated rubbish and dead ends. But then up popped the Theme Park Graveyard. Amid sections divided first by continent, and then by country and city, Wendy found:
Park: New Adventure Land
Location: Spicerhill, north London, UK
Story: We couldn’t find too much detail, but we do know that the great Volante fairground family opened this short-lived venture in 1955. They’d hoped to bring the fun Londoners were enjoying in places like Brighton, Eastbourne and Southend – think Atlantic City without the casinos – to England’s capital. Unfortunately, after some mild success, New Adventure Land closed its doors for good in 1959. Why? Well, we reckon it wasn’t able to stand up to those nearby seaside towns.
Now: The site is still there and it’s remained undeveloped due to the deep caves below the surface. Despite the pretty decent location and the scarcity of land in London, the money and time required to rescue the area has made it unattractive to even wealthy developers. It remains, therefore, reluctantly in the care of the local council.
It was around eight forty-five when Wendy finished fact ten – 2,700 million acres of the rainforest are burned every year – and precisely nine o’clock when Mr and Mrs Darling, John and Michael returned. High on sugar, the boys quickly drove Wendy from the bedroom and out onto the landing. Here, it was quiet enough to read and muck about with her phone. And by the time she doubled-back to the room, John and Michael were already under blankets. There had been no need tonight for Nana to nose them into the bathroom and supervise the brushing of teeth. Wendy gave Michael a soft shake. 
‘Hey. I found your torch.’ she said. And behind her back she pulled from the thing the price sticker marked Martin’s of Spicerhill. Michael, barely conscious, opened one eye. 
‘My torch was green.’
‘Yeah. And now it’s red. Weird, eh?’ said Wendy. The boy rolled over. And soon everyone, even Wendy, fell asleep. 

***

It hadn’t woken the boys, the tap-tap-tapping sound at the glass. But Wendy had heard it alright. And now she was sat, at fourteen minutes past four, on the edge of her bed. She stared at the window, already tuned in to the random frequency of the sounds. Across a couple of minutes they had presented in casual clutches of twos, threes and fours, and each set was separated also by pauses of differing lengths. To investigate or not? To flick open the curtains? Or retreat beneath the covers?
Wendy rose from the mattress and despite the creak of bedsprings, despite also the book that fell to the floor, the boys slept on. She stopped, again sizing up the situation. Then, mind at last made up, Wendy stepped towards the window. A nightlight – a tiny green bulb in the hands of a silver squirrel – helped the girl avoid traps: Michael’s cars and plastic bricks, her own discarded pen lids and the made-for-tripping cable of her phone charger. 
Now facing the glass, Wendy rode out another of those arbitrary pauses. The silence persisted – longer, she thought, than usual – and for a moment she wondered if she’d missed her chance. But when the tapping began once more Wendy pinched either side of the curtains and quickly drew them back. 
A branch, swaying in the breeze, bounced against the pane. And out in the garden, the gate had blown open too. It swung back and forth, and it’s a fact that Nana had to sleep in the furthest corners of the kitchen to block out the sound of it creaking and boomeranging against the fence. 
From back beneath the covers, Wendy kept one eye on the window. Printed on the curtains were rows of little cats, all marching to somewhere better, a stick and spotted handkerchief – a bindle, if you want to be annoying about it – across their shoulders. Fine material for a frock, Wendy often thought. 
After a few minutes, when she was certain that the branch and nothing else was out there, Wendy reached for the pocket radio looped around her bedpost. Won, a couple of summers ago, in the school raffle, it had never worked properly. But she had grown fond of the soft fuzzing, distorted voices and occasional bleeps that spilled from it. Sometimes she’d hear a second or two of a foreign language. Russian, maybe. Or Spanish or Italian. Underneath Wendy’s pillow, all of these combined with her counting of the cats and her listening out for the tapping of the branch. The sound had stopped though, and before long Wendy was dreaming. Dreaming of flying above the city and between the stars. 
Peter and his shadow, meanwhile, were already halfway back to Neverland.

8. The Word Beneath the Window
Saturday October 18th 2014

A layer of frost, early for the time of year, had descended on Neverland. Restless, Peter had wandered into Playtime, a small playground intended for younger children. In a puddle, the wooden seat of a swing lay below a bent and bow-legged metal frame. From the frame’s summit a pair of ropes swung in the wind and made the entire affair resemble a child-sized gallows. 
Opposite this, and in decent-enough shape, was rooted in the ground a Witch’s Hat: a cone-shaped swing perched on a central pole. Once, children would have inserted themselves into the swing's frame and their weight and movement would have caused it to spin and wobble. He’d hopped on it not so long ago, Peter, and the grudging motion of the ride had caused rust and flakes of paint to gather below it.
Right now, though, bored with balancing, legs akimbo, in the middle of the seesaw, the boy had moved on to the roundabout. Wildly off-centre now, it rose and sank as it spun, its edge skirting and scuffing the ground. Across its base, slats of wood had rotted and fallen away. Peter yanked at a rusting bolt, detaching it from the tangle of collapsed metal spars. Then he dipped an arm through a gap, pressed the bolt hard against the ground, and watched for a while the sparks it made.
The spinning blasted repeating snapshots at the boy: the clown’s head; the funhouse; the Gargoyle; the caravan; the rows of little stalls. Not bad, thought Peter. Not bad at all. OK, the place was a bit shabby, and almost every week brought something new to fix or patch up, but all in all, it was a pretty great place for a boy to live. He rose, then chucked the bolt high into the air. Tink leapt from the roundabout and scampered, dizzy, after it. Hands fastened to the one spar still fastened to the base, Peter kicked out so the ride spun faster and faster. Then he too jumped away.
Soon Wendy would be back. He’d already arranged it. 

***

The nib of the red felt-tip pen squeaked across the paper. Like an artist, Hook swished away at the massive print of Plan #1904. Tacked to the wall it was, in his study. Close by, a bathtub was filling up. But there was time, thought Hook. If he worked quickly. 
As per Jukes’ instructions, Hook was stealing, with a careful left-handed flick, the odd square foot here and there. With Smee keeping an eye on the council, and with a bit of creative messing around, nobody would find out. Nobody, actually, would care. And if they did, well, there were various ways of dealing with such things. 
When at last he had finished, Hook stepped back and admired his work. Jukes, he concluded, would approve. The pen tucked into his dressing-gown pocket, Hook sat before a giant wafer-thin screen and began tapping on a keyboard. Across the plan, a few boxy diagrams lengthened and widened. Automatically, their corresponding sums, calculations and dimensions reacted. And when the plan onscreen matched the one on the wall, Hook smiled. 
The diagram up to date, Hook saved his work and hit ‘print’. Then, fearing that the tub would overflow, he marched towards the bathroom, and to the scent of sea aster crystals dissolving in water. Across the city, in an empty office, a printer jolted and bleeped. There, behind a door marked Administration, the great plan began jutting out from the bowels of the machine. The previous night, Mr Darling had pushed the extending paper tray inwards. It was the final task before leaving. If you left it sticking out, the first person in would snag a bag or a coat on its edge. The plan, therefore, bent downwards in a v-shape before the printer finally spat it onto the carpet, all ready for Hook to collect that afternoon. 

***

Into the cherry tree they sailed before rattling back down the branches and onto the lawn. From the door of No. 14, Wendy threw another fistful of peanuts. The noise of the nuts clacking against the tree usually pulled at least a couple of squirrels into the garden. By the third throw though, Wendy was ready to give up. But then a solitary silvery-grey squirrel scuttled down a branch. It stopped for a moment on the trunk, then twitched its way to the edge of the grass.
Slowly, Wendy approached. Then she lobbed a few more nuts. The squirrel did that thing they all do: it stood up and arched its arm inwards. It always looked to Wendy like they were asking For me? Then it picked up a nut and disappeared behind the tree. 
From somewhere in the house, Mrs Darling called out: would Wendy finally sign Mrs Martin’s get-well-soon card? It should have been posted days ago. At this rate the woman would either be better or dead. 
But Wendy didn’t hear any of that. She didn’t notice, either, the nuts spilling out from the bag and onto the lawn. Nor the pair of squirrels scurrying now at her feet.
From a distance she thought she’d been mistaken. But no. There it was. Carved into the trunk, a little above her eyeline, one word: Wendy.

9. The Undertaker
Saturday October 18th 2014

‘Mum, I’m just off out. I’m meeting Samantha. I’ve got my phone.’
There was no Samantha, of course. She was an invention; a handy white lie that Wendy relied on from time to time. It was getting, though, more and more difficult to explain why this Samantha had never been seen near No. 14.
At the foot of the stairs, Wendy tied her hair back in an emergency ponytail. Next, she hooked a scarf around her neck and for the first time since March buttoned up her winter coat. Then she stomped out of the door. 
She didn’t sign that card either.

***

The boy was ready. He’d dusted down his jumper and with a knife cut away the strands of wool that hung like rats’ tails from his cuffs. In the puddle opposite the carousel he’d checked out his reflection and had liked what he’d seen. No work required. The girl, you see, would be here soon; it was just a matter of waiting. For that chore, the funhouse steps were as good a venue as any. There, Peter sliced slivers of wood from the long-collapsed banister. The curls collected at the base and when he had enough for a decent handful, the boy threw them to the wind so Tink could give chase. That game soon bored him though, so instead he practiced knife throwing. Most of the time he’d bullseye the faded jesters and clowns painted on the funhouse walls. But if Peter missed – and he didn’t miss often – Tink would sprint away, fetch the blade, then drop it at the boy’s feet. 

***

It was where the corner met the high street that Wendy saw the first one. In yellow, a large letter W had been chalked upon the door of Stamen and Pistil, the florist shop. Another, below the Lilybank Road street sign, had been scribbled on the battered old junction box. A few steps on: another. In green. On the pavement. Wendy stopped beside it and with a series of little scuffs managed to kick the scrawl from the stone. But this was only the beginning. Along the Spicerhill High Street she stormed past dozens of Ws in yellow and red and blue and green. On billboards they’d been chalked. Outside the entrances of shops too. In a circle around the smashed-up phone box. And across the blackboards of restaurants and pubs. 
The closer Wendy got to Neverland, the fewer people she met. Fine by her. But the fewer people she met, the more Ws she found. In the leafier districts, the boy had even taken his chalk to the trunks of trees. Unspared also were the hallowed, virgin pavements of Llewelyn Crescent. Here, buckets and brushes were already decorating the street as residents – and in some cases the cleaners of residents – scrubbed at stairs and landings. A large white cat, its nose caked in blue chalk, pawed at the motion of a neighbour’s broom. A lady, aghast at being spied in her nightgown, called out ‘Dinah. Dinah, come in at once.’
All along the route to Neverland, the Ws continued. From the gutters and garden fences of Preston Avenue to the postbox at Cardoman Road, the boy had left his – her, actually – mark. On Comet Road, the scribbles increased in frequency. It was as if the proximity to the fairground had heightened the boy’s frenzy. As Wendy crossed the wasteground she saw the walls around the railway arch, the one that led to Neverland, had been chalked upon too. 
Into the tunnel stepped Wendy, too focused to care about the rat going about its business nearby. But then something up ahead caught her eye. It was visible only because a little daylight had rested upon the bricks near the entrance. It was another W alright. In green. And there, next to it, was another. In red. Then one more. In blue. Above that, more. In yellow. 
Following the trail, Wendy found herself moving backwards through the tunnel, into the parts the sun never reached. She tripped on something, but with an outstretched arm broke her fall. Then she jabbed at her phone, and as she flashed it over the bricks it lit up the hundreds of Ws adorning the walls. Wendy pulled her earphones out and the jagged, tinny little hum of a song leaked into the air. How the boy had even reached the ceiling, she would never know. And how long had it taken him? She marched out towards Neverland’s metal fence. Shimmering in the frost, its panels too were marked by dozens and dozens of zig-zagging Ws. Up ahead, close to the hole in the fence, sat Tink. And as Wendy approached, the dog stood. The girl, though, marched past her and stooped towards the gap. It was then that she heard the voice. 
‘About time. Me and Tink were wondering where you’d got to.’ Wendy looked up and saw that, just like the other night, the boy was perched on top of the great iron gate. 
‘Pardon?’ snapped Wendy. The boy leapt from the gate. It was a good fifteen feet or so, the thing, but he landed, next to her, with barely a sound. ‘We couldn’t imagine what kept you. Now – can you start right away?’
‘Start? Start what?’ The boy ripped a weed from the ground and nibbled at its leaf. The sight knocked Wendy off her stride for a moment, but she soon recovered.’ In fact, never mind about that. What on earth did you think you were doing...’
‘With the plum tree? That’s what you’re about to say isn’t it? No need to thank me.’
‘Thank you? I came here to throttle you. My grandmother planted that tree eighty or something years ago – and not for you to vandalise it. And it’s bloody well a cherry tree for your information.’
Wendy rushed towards the boy, but he was too fast for her. And in a flash he was sitting once more on top of the gate. The girl kicked the fence a couple of times. It rattled against the railings, but Peter stuck out a hand and held on tight. 
‘When my mum and dad see that,’ said Wendy I’m done. Finished. No pocket money. No music. No internet.’
‘Look,’ said Peter, ‘I only did it because I knew it’d bring you back here.’
‘Well you were right about that. But it’ll be the last time. Now stop bothering me. Got it? Lights. Trees. You should be locked up. And what the hell were you doing shining that thing into my room anyway?’ 
‘I wasn't shining it at you.’ said the boy. ‘I was just mucking around with it. Generally.’ 
‘Mucking around? Generally? What, like all those Ws you’ve written everywhere? Is that just generally mucking around too? They’d better disappear.’

Peter closed his eyes and began humming loudly: one long monotone. He raised a hand, halting whatever Wendy was going to say next. The boy then opened his eyes wide. ‘Shazam.’ he said quietly, ‘They are no more.’
‘Yeah. Nice try,’ said Wendy, ‘Your stupid letters are still all over the fence.’
Wendy spun round and headed towards the arch. But when the boy called out ‘I didn’t mean to upset you.’ in such bruised and hopeless tones she stopped. Then she closed her eyes tight for a moment and marched back to the gate. 
‘You are so annoying. D’you know that?’
‘Maybe. But I’ve got my own pirate ship.’ Peter motioned to the Gargoyle’s mast. ‘I mean, who else could say that?’
‘Well, a pirate, perhaps? Just a wild guess.’ Wendy, though, hadn’t picked up on the lengthening spaces that had separated out the boy’s words. But she certainly noticed when his expression changed. 
‘What’s wrong?’ The boy said nothing, though, Instead, he pointed to the curve in the road. Tink, meanwhile, had stopped tramping around the verges. She stood absolutely still now, and stared hard at the bend up ahead. Peter jumped from the gate. A low growl and a soft jingle was all he had needed to hear. ‘Quick! Inside!’ Wendy dived through the hole, followed by Peter and Tink.
‘Stay here.’ said the boy. Wendy crouched by the fence. Peter, though, sprinted to the Gargoyle. In no time at all he was across the deck and clambering up the lines. From the crow’s nest he saw it: a car, long black and shiny was slithering down the road. Two Saturdays ago it had parked opposite the hole in the fence. It was definitely the same car: there was nothing else like it on British roads. A man, the same man now driving, had squeezed through the gap that day and earned a sore hand for his troubles.
Peter motioned to Wendy to come aboard and, automatically, she dashed past the funhouse. Then the girl blasted through a rusty turnstile and up the slope that led to the deck. Back down the rigging went Peter, and when he jumped the last few feet he hopped overboard in one flawless movement. 
‘Down here.’ hissed the boy, and when Wendy leaned out from the deck, Peter was beckoning her into the moat that circled the Gargoyle. Once, children would have paddled in that moat. Now it was home only to the puddles of rain that collected in the dented concrete. Slowly, and using clumps of weeds for cover, Peter peeped over the edge of the moat and out towards the hole in the fence. An arm was snaking through the gap.
‘What’s he doing?’ whispered Wendy. Peter narrowed his eyes.
‘I’m not sure. He’s... Hold on. He’s thrown something through the hole. Tink’s gone to look.’ 
‘I thought Tink would follow me.’ said Wendy. But the boy shook his head. 
‘Tink leave her post? Never.’
They watched the dog trot to the object and sniff it a few times. Then she gobbled the thing up in one go. 
A great fear now came upon Peter. As the truth of what was happening dawned on him it was all too late. Turning towards the Gargoyle, Tink wobbled for a few steps, then she lay on the ground, silent and still.
Instinctively, Wendy made to go to the dog. She began climbing from the moat, but Peter pulled her back down. He swallowed hard. Then he looked at Wendy, fire in his eyes.
‘If he has killed Tink, I will kill him.’
Wendy stared back at Peter. ‘Really?’ she said. The boy nodded. ‘How would you do it?’ whispered Wendy. Then she felt a bit guilty at having asked with such relish. 
‘I’d fill this moat and drown him in it myself.’ said Peter. For a moment he took his eyes from Tink and instead stared, poker-faced, at Wendy. ‘Then I’d leave him to the foxes.’
Wendy’s eyes opened wide. ‘Wow.’ she said softly. And she meant it. Peter nodded, pleased to have impressed the girl. Slowly their attention returned to the flap of sackcloth behind poor Tink. Through it, the man was peering at the sorry figure lying on the ground. In short order he squeezed through the gap. Then he stood, the man, over Tink, and prodded gently at her with his shoe. Next, after fussing over his clothes with a handkerchief, the man pulled from his pocket a large tape measure. And from the funhouse to the carousel he unreeled the tape and scribbled, with his bandaged hand, in a notebook.
‘What do you think he’s up to?’ whispered Wendy.
‘He’s sizing the place up. Hang on.’ Peter leapt from the moat and tumbled back onto the deck of the ship. Then he climbed, silently and at speed, up the rigging. Wendy kept her eyes on the figure across the way and when Peter returned he had brought with him a dented old telescope. Through the lens he followed the man and that serpent of a measuring tape. Alongside the row of stalls he was now, pacing backwards as more and more of the tape unspooled. ‘I’ll remember your face.’ Peter whispered. Then he trained the scope on Tink. Perfectly still she lay. The boy promised to his dog a merciless revenge. 
‘Let me see.’ said Wendy, and she grabbed the telescope. The man had his back to the pair as Wendy homed in on him. But when he turned around, she almost said it out loud: ‘It’s Mr Hook!’
‘Mr who?’
‘It’s Mr Hook!’ said Wendy in a loud hiss. ‘My dad’s boss.’ Wendy looked again. ‘It’s definitely him. I’ve seen his photo in the company newsletters we get in the post.’ Peter made a grab for the telescope but it thudded onto the floor of the moat. Hook immediately froze. The telescope quietly rolled back and forth in neat little semicircles before eventually resting in a puddle. Watched by the crouching Peter and Wendy, Hook listened hard. Then he turned his head towards the Gargoyle. 
‘He’s coming this way.’ whispered Wendy. ‘Round the other side?’
‘No. Stay still.’ Peter whispered back. ‘If it comes to it, you run. Run to the funhouse. You know where that is?’ Wendy nodded. ‘And I’ll try and distract him.’
Hook had almost reached the turnstile when he heard it. At first he thought he’d imagined it. But as the ringing grew faster, it grew louder too. And closer.
‘It’s Tink!’ said Peter, a little too loudly for comfort. And it was. Whatever Hook had laced her biscuit with, it hadn’t kept her down for long. The dog raced at the now-terrified Hook and it was only after a tussle that he squeezed himself into the gap. On the other side of the fence Tink kept pace with Hook’s fleeing car. Then she leapt back through the hole and sprinted into the moat. 
‘Good girl, Tink! Good girl!’ said Peter. ‘What an actress.’ 
Too excited to sit still, Tink caught a grip on the moat wall, Then, scratching flakes of pale blue paint from the concrete, she disappeared over the edge. Peter climbed out too.
‘If it was up to me,’ said Wendy, recalling a recently watched documentary, ‘she’d have just earned the Dickin Medal. For gallantry.’ 
The boy, standing now at the edge of the moat, looked dubious. ‘They give out medals? To dogs?’
‘Well, to animals. In wars. Pigeons and horses, mainly. But a few dogs have been given it too. And a cat. We did a thing in our History class about it. If this was a war, you,’ and she pointed at Tink, ‘would be wearing a medal.’ 
‘This is a war.’ said Peter quietly.
‘Ooh. Get you. Standing there all heroic.’
Tink bolted, and the boy followed. ‘Looks like she’s heading for the Penny Palace. C’mon. I’ll show you round.’
He marched off. The girl, though, didn’t move, and when Peter turned around he cupped his hands around his mouth and called out. ‘Fun stuff. Slot machines and games and things. We’re celebrating.’
Wendy weighed the offer up. How many ropey crime documentaries had she seen in which the murderer-next-door was described as being Just an ordinary guy? Kind of guy who mowed his lawn on Sundays. This Peter, though, was anything but ordinary. So in a funny kind of way maybe she’d be OK. Besides, she had her phone with her if the boy turned out to be weird. Wendy climbed from the moat and followed him.
Peter must have sensed her approach because without looking round he said ‘And then you can tell me everything you know about this Hook.’ 
A stone, about the size of a tangerine, lay on the ground. The girl grabbed the thing and pocketed it. Just in case. 

10. A Kiss From a Crocodile
Saturday October 18th 2014

Behold the fabulous Penny Palace. The ornate words were painted upon a broad plank of a sign. Fastened only at one corner now, it hung, like a barricade, across the arcade’s entrance. Peter and Wendy clambered over the thing. Then the boy led the way, picking a path through stall games and pinball machines and dusty old one-armed bandits.
‘Did you do that?’ said Wendy. She was pointing at a broken-up fruit machine. A huge sledgehammer rested across a mess of innards: springs and screws and levers and lights. Scattered nearby lay its reels; wheels, really, sectioned into melons and cherries and lemons. The boy had moved on though, and it was only by chance that Wendy caught him disappearing around a corner.
‘Did you smash that thing up back there?’ said Wendy, ‘The slot machine.’
‘I didn’t.’ lied Peter, ‘but if I wanted to I could. D’you want me to do one for you? There’s loads more.’
‘Why on earth would I want you to do that?’ said Wendy. 
Peter shrugged. They walked on, the boy pointing at games and machines and boasting about being the best/fastest/strongest/highest scorer. ‘On this one,’ and he kicked out at the Lone Star shooting range, ‘I would probably be the world-record holder.’
Wendy believed not a word of it, but she idled up to the range anyway. Across the span of the stall, six shooting areas were sectioned off. And fastened, by safety chains, to all but one of these half-dozen positions, was a rifle. Wendy lifted one, and as she did, its weedy chain – looped through the trigger guard – gave way.
Picking up the gun had revealed a rifle-shaped patch amid a thick layer of dust. Wendy bent into the weapon, then looked down the barrel’s length and out towards a wooden wall. Upon it was painted a crude Wild West scene: cacti, wagons and, in an impossibly blue and cloudless sky, a fluorescent orange sun. The girl pointed to a depiction of a snarling Native American brandishing a tomahawk. ‘That’s so racist.’ But the boy had no time for that. 
Pellet marks bordered the few paper targets that hadn’t fallen away, and below these the pellets themselves, their pointed crests buckled by impact, lay on the ground. Hundreds of them had bruised and stung the scene: testament that this place had once attracted the crowds. Above the targets sat a shelf crammed with prizes: rubber balls, odd cardboard-faced furry creatures and a row of strung jam jars. Inside these lay the sad, silvery skeletons of suffocated goldfish. 
Pellets for the rifles were nowhere to be found though. ‘I shot them all.’ said Peter, although he knew well that a couple of dozen sat in a box just out of sight. Wendy took aim anyway. She couldn’t help but whisper strange, soft firing sounds – the kind young children shout when they make a cowboy gun from their hand. Then, as if in a war film, she darted around, ducking beneath the range and firing off imaginary pot-shots at invisible foes.
Peter took the neighbouring spot and, with one eye open, stared down his rifle’s sights. ‘I reckon I’d win so many prizes,’ he said, ‘that the people in charge of the stall would tell me not to come back. They’d probably say I should go and join the Army or the Foreign Legion or be a spy or something.’ Wendy coughed one of her regular Oh really? coughs and they moved on. Beneath their feet, ancient wooden sticks – flat and broad for lollies, skinny and tall for candy floss – snapped and splintered. 
Opposite a small square booth marked Change stood a glass cabinet, its windows cracked and caked in dirt. Inside sat the Mystical Madame Paulina: a creepy old mannequin dressed in exotic robes and dripping with costume jewellery. Wendy stopped for a few moments. Wiping cobwebs and grime away she pressed her nose against the glass. Above the pane, on a wooden board, was painted a crystal ball. A halfpenny for your future read the sign. Below this, in smaller type, a list of fortunes: 
Bound to go far
Travel awaits
Certain riches
The glass box, the dummy, the sign – everything – thought Wendy, would look brilliant in her bedroom. 
‘Keep up.’ called out Peter from somewhere close by. Wendy rolled her eyes and, wondering quite what the all-seeing Caterina Volante had made of the Mystical Madame Paulina, caught up with him. The boy was standing, in that same heroic pose he’d struck just the other night, next to the Hammer of Hercules. Using a large wooden mallet, people tested their strength on this machine. Are you a man or a mouse? mocked the sign above the long vertical measuring gadget. Upon it, at regular intervals, was painted a series of marks. It looked, thought Wendy, a bit like a massive school ruler. But instead of inches or centimetres, these marks read, from bottom to top: 
Cissy 
Weakling
Milksop
No pushover
Strongman
My hero
Hercules
‘I whack it right up to the top and clang that bell every time.’ said Peter.
‘Is that a fact?’ said Wendy, ‘On you go then.’
‘No hammer.’ said Peter.
‘Just you wait right there.’ said Wendy. ‘And don’t move.’
When she returned, Wendy, she held in her hands the sledgehammer that someone, at some point, had used to break open the slot machine. The mallet was far heavier than it looked though, so for the most part she’d had to drag it across the ground. It had torn up a furrow in the filth below, but as she neared the boy, she lifted the thing and, as casually as possible, entered the scene with it slung over one shoulder. Then Wendy swung the hammer groundward, where it made a dent next to where the boy was standing. He didn’t flinch. 
‘There you go.’ said Wendy, doing her best to hide the effort it had taken, ‘One hammer. Of Hercules.’ 
The boy, though, was already marching off. ‘Another time,’ he said, ‘I know a better game.’
Wendy snorted a laugh. ‘Yeah, I thought you might.’ Rather than follow the boy, Wendy grabbed the mallet with both hands. Then she lifted the thing above her head and with all the power she could muster, smashed it down onto the bright-red button at the foot of the machine. Dust, loosened by the impact, exploded into the air as the marker shot halfway up and settled on No pushover. Not too bad, thought Wendy. For a first go.
Peter had again disappeared amid the maze of machines. But Wendy listened out for Tink’s bell and soon found them. They carried on. But then, a short distance away, a thud froze them both. For fear that Hook had returned, they retraced their steps, careful to creep behind the machines. Then Wendy laughed.
‘It was only that thing.’ she said. And she pointed at the Hammer of Hercules. Its marker had slid back to the base and spooked them. 
‘I knew that’s what it was.’ said Peter.
‘Course you did.’ said Wendy.
They carried on, and when a dull ting followed, and they doubled back, the machine’s huge red bell lay on the ground, a border of rust visible around its edge. 
‘Sorry ‘bout that.’ said Wendy, ‘I don’t know my own strength. Oh, wait,’ and she pointed at the machine, ‘actually I do.’ The boy made a face and they moved on.
They passed dartboards and skittles next. The boy was, apparently, an expert at these too. Then came a flea circus. And then a coconut shy. Here, a bundle of small, square beanbags lay in a basket fashioned to resemble a half-coconut. Nailed to a rack of poles, the little upright cups that the actual coconuts would have sat on were empty, their bases home only to hardened pools of pearly-white glue. These would have welded the coconuts to the shy and kept winners to a minimum. ‘Not much of a game without coconuts.’ said Wendy. 
‘Oh I ate them years ago.’ said Peter, ‘Catch.’ Over his shoulder he tossed a beanbag. Wendy caught it and in a seamless twist hurled the thing into the shy. It splatted against a heavy curtain painted with palm trees and monkeys. Then, its energy drained, it dropped dead. In the dull light Wendy watched decades of dust sparking out from the canvas.
Next to the shy stood a larger stall, perhaps twice the width of the others. A sign running across its summit read Gallery of Rarities & Fascinations. But that was an embarrassed euphemism; ask a hundred people to define this exhibit and they'd answer freak show each and every time. 
A few feet back from the stall stood a stage: a spartan platform flanked at each end by a short flight of wooden steps. These, Wendy guessed, would accommodate the entering and exiting performers. Drumming up business, some of these performers were featured on illustrated panels nailed to the front of the stage: 
Gaze at Tripodia the three-legged lady
Watch in awe Serpento, the Original Human Snake
Beware of Okapi, Savage Pygmy of the Congo 
Dare you meet Apia, Queen of the Bee People? 
‘Bees?’ said the boy, and he jumped in front of the panels, ‘I’d be Peter. King of the Spider People.’ and he opened both hands out, revealing a pair of daddy longlegs he’d scooped from the ground. But Wendy’s attention was elsewhere. Beyond a turnstile, and off to the side, visitors could supplement the free show by paying for a photo with a performer. Leaving the boy to his stage pranks, the girl jumped the barrier. Then she approached the fantastical backdrop where the snaps were shot. Photos ready within the hour promised a sign. Regular, postcard and one for the wallet. Around the edges of the backdrop were tacked a dozen or so of these photographs. And there they were, the performers, each one standing precisely where Wendy stood now. Indeed, a large X, painted on the boards below, showed punters where to position themselves. This ensured that the photographer might capture also the words featured prominently on the backdrop: Volante Fairgrounds. 
Wendy leaned into the photos. Up first was a squat bearded lady. Staring, with small eyes, she was located between twin boys. One of the children, emulating the woman, held his candyfloss below his chin. Less keen, his brother stood slightly apart, a clockwork boat – a prize from some stall or other – in his hand. 
Next, there was a man so tall that the picture captured his figure only from waist to chest. Filling the frame, a laughing family was gathered around him, their heads tilted skywards. In another, one that Wendy lifted from the ground, a gang of Teddy Boys knelt behind a figure: Okapi, the Pygmy. Despite the loincloth and spear, ‘Okapi’ was clearly just an ordinary little boy. And he looked more glum, Wendy thought, than savage. Indeed, the Teds, who variously held in their hands a flick knife, a razor, and a bicycle chain, struck the girl as way more ferocious. 
Finally, in front of a courting couple, posed a pair of girls. Facing in opposite directions, they were connected to one another, the girls, via a crude, furry costume. It looked like that of a pantomime horse, reckoned Wendy. Or a Pushmi-Pullyu from a school production of Doctor Dolittle. 
Had they failed to collect their snaps, these visitors? Or were the photos displayed to attract business, just like they'd attracted Wendy here and now? She tacked the Pygmy photo to the board and turned around. At the back of the stage was hung a piece of purple-dyed calico. Little more than a bedsheet, its top edge was fastened, by pegs, to a frame. 
Beyond the curtain Wendy found, on a foldaway table, bits and pieces from the show. Inside a powdered-milk tin were collected sticks of makeup. Wrapped, like crayons, in a paper band, each of these was marked Limelight Theatrical Paint. Next, a pot of glue, its rim fuzzy with snips of hair. For the bee lady, thought Wendy. Then the nearby stumps of yellow and black Limelight confirmed this. 
In the centre of the table was placed a mirror into which a couple of electric lamps faced. Its surface matted now with grease-painted fingerprints, how many eyes, thought Wendy, had stared into the glass prior to taking to the stage? For a moment, the girl watched herself, imagining a curiosity she could offer the crowd. She’d be Pogo, she thought. The girl with spring-loaded legs. Then she reached into the tin and swished a lick of Limelight across her face. #16 Delphinium Blue. But so dry was the stick that it crumbled and dragged, and made barely a mark. The boy, bored now of impersonating the exhibits to an audience of nobody, had joined the girl. Copying Wendy, he grabbed a stick too, succeeding, more or less, in flashing streaks of #88 Emerald Green below each eye.
Wendy dropped the stick and, bending to pick it up, saw that under the table rested a pair of stilts, their ends attached to specially adapted shoes. Next to these was that awful furry contraption that she’d seen in the photograph. Into this, she guessed, would climb those two perfectly regular girls. And then they’d be fastened into it via the buttons at the back. It had looked mangy and flea-bitten in the photo, the device. Now, so many years later, moths had gotten to it too, and had left barely an inch unmolested. 
 ‘Is this one of yours?’ said Peter.
The wooden leg, stood upright in the faraway corner, gave Wendy a scare. She approached the thing. On the foot: a delicate shoe not unlike a ballerina’s. And stretched across its length: a white stocking. This culminated in a bunny-eared knot. With the silk pulled so taut, the tiny holes made by moth larvae had evolved into lanky ladders.
‘Three-legged lady indeed.’ said Peter. Then, restless, he headed back to the stage.
Looped though a hoop at the top of the leg was a string. This would allow Tripodia to either suspend the leg from her neck or maybe tie it around her waist. She stood, Wendy, so that Tripodia’s leg was positioned precisely between her own. Then she had half a mind to sling the string around her neck and call the boy through. But feeling it was a bad joke she placed it back in the corner and made her way out to the stage.
The photos, and the stuff behind the curtain, had made the girl uneasy. But Peter, mistaking this for fascination, now fell to the boards. Then, announcing himself as Dog Boy, he began scratching around on all fours, barking and growling and sniffing around. 
‘Give that a rest.’ said Wendy quietly. 
For once, he did as he was asked and picked himself up. Then they left this particular stall, and the marks on dusty planks that had recorded Peter's innocent attempt to amuse. 
‘OK, here’s what I really wanted to show you.’ called out Peter. He’d disappeared, the boy, into the guts of the arcade. Wendy walked towards the voice. 
‘Over here.’ His hand popped up from behind a row of boxy shapes. 
The boy had stopped at a squat, glass-fronted machine, The Golden Grabber. With her hand, Wendy rubbed from the pane a film of dirt.Then her eyes hopped around a mountain of prizes: wristwatches; small, glum teddy bears; plasticky dolls; necklaces and key rings. Hanging above them from a chain was a grabbing device. It looked a bit like a claw. Tink, over on the opposite side, balanced her paws against the glass and stared in too. 
‘Oh, these are great fun’ said Wendy. ‘I nearly got an iPhone in the summer. In Brighton. Well, I say nearly. It was a bit of a fix. It’s not like a moving claw’s going to hold a phone for long.’
But the sound of something – something moving nearby – stopped the chatter. They ducked behind the machine, Wendy and Peter, sinking below the point where its metal base met the glass. Tink, her hackles rising, began growling softly. 
‘Hook?’ whispered Wendy. But Peter said nothing. The shuffling was closer now. Slowly, the boy lifted his head and peeked out across the glass. ‘Can you see anything?’ asked Wendy softly. Then Peter began laughing.
‘Another false alarm.’
They rose. And from behind a bank of one-armed bandits, a fox padded out. Tink, well used to the company of the packs that patrolled Neverland, immediately relaxed. But being this close to the animal was a real treat for Wendy. She crouched, as if faced with a cat or a dog. A beauty the fox was, well-fed, and with a full, feather-shaped tail. For a moment it stopped and looked at Peter and Wendy, its cold bright eyes shining like a pair of torches. Then it moved on.
‘My mum used to be a hunt saboteur, actually.’ said Wendy, ‘You know, going out into the country and disrupting the hunts. She ended up in A&E once.’ 
Peter, though was more interested in the machine. He’d returned to it and was jabbing at the button that would start the thing. Wendy joined him. Breathing on the opposing glass, she drew a fox’s head across the dirt. ‘It’s banned now. Foxhunting. But the Hunts still meet and pretend they’re just chasing a scent. Everyone knows they’re still killing them though.’ 
Peter, frustrated by the dormant machine, searched his pockets for a coin. No luck. 
‘People have filmed them.’ said Wendy, ‘Loads of times. Did you see that thing about the guy in charge of the kennels at the Castor Hunt in Surrey?’ Wendy tapped at her phone then, irritated, lifted it this way and that until it caught a signal. Then she showed the boy a news report from the BBC’s website.
Peter studied the screen for a few seconds. ‘Julian Thorne’ he said, stumbling a little over the name below the man’s photograph. ‘Julian Thorne.’ Then he returned to the machine. ‘He’s in prison now, the guy. But only for a few months.’ 
The girl was stood just a couple of feet away. But thanks to the grime on the glass she appeared as little more than a smudge. So with his sleeve, Peter wiped away the muck at his end.
‘He’d be looking forward to more than just a few weeks in jail if I had my way.’ said Wendy, and she boxed the air, eventually flooring her foe with a magnificent right hook.
The boy, now rubbing down the remaining two panels, nodded at the invisible enemy. ‘You get the saws, I’ll get the acid.’ 
The girl stepped forward and swished an imaginary blade across the imaginary corpse. Then, as if holding a football, she made a throwing motion. ‘Catch.’ she said, and the boy raised his arms to receive the head. 
Wendy idled over again to the machine. ‘Does it work, then, this thing?’
‘It’s a grab machine.’ said Peter.
‘Yeah. I know that.’ said Wendy. ‘Brighton. iPhone. Does it work OK?’
‘You use these handles here to lower the little crane.’
‘Uh-hu. I know that too.’
‘Then you try and snatch something from the pile.’
‘Yeah. Have you ever heard of this thing called mansplaining?’ said Wendy. The boy, though, simply rapped the glass with his knuckle.
‘It’s where I got Tink’s bell from.’ The dog wandered over and met Wendy’s hand. She flicked the little bell back and forth. 
‘I meant to ask,’ said Wendy, ‘how did she get that awful scar?’ The boy didn’t answer, so Wendy asked again.
‘That? She got caught on some barbed wire.’ said Peter, ‘We were scrumping for apples.’ The boy caught Wendy’s frown, ‘Stealing apples it means. But she’s a tough little thing.’
Wendy petted Tink a little more while Peter meddled with something underneath the machine. ‘The problem,’ he said, and his arm was now elbow-deep in its guts, ‘with this entire place has always been the electrics.’ He scowled. ‘Hang on.’ He ducked behind the thing. ‘Let me know when that light goes on.’
‘What light? And also, won’t you get electrocuted or something?’
The boy said nothing, but after some banging sounds from below, the light flickered on and the machine hummed into life. Beneath the little bulb, the prizes cheered up a bit.
‘That’s it. It’s on!’ said Wendy, quite surprised at her own enthusiasm. Peter sprung up. He grabbed the handles.
‘Now watch.’ The boy twisted, pulled and pushed the pair of levers. The crane jutted left and right and up and down. Next, using a tiny handle, a bit like a fishing reel, Peter lowered the crane and snagged a little silver charm bracelet. Then, he lifted the thing and it rocked for a few moments back and forth.
Looking at him through the glass, Wendy wondered if she might fall for the boy. She wasn’t aware of it, but she was pretty, Wendy, and fancied by random local boys around the area, and at school by at least one girl in each year. So it was probably about time she did fall for someone. Time she found, at the very least, a crush or, as her mother liked to call infatuations, a pash. She tried to catch Peter’s eye. His thoughts though were elsewhere. It’s not that he was concentrating on the claw. After all, he’d snatched a hundred or more trinkets from the pile. He could do the thing blindfolded if he wanted. No, it was what the girl could tell him of Hook that occupied him. So Wendy’s overtures – all hair-tugs, batting eyelids and subtle tilts – went unseen. Instead, the boy followed the claw as it travelled above the jumble of prizes. Then, with a delicate last manoeuvre he dropped the bracelet, plunging it neatly into the collection pocket.
‘Nice work!’ said Wendy, ‘That was brilliant.’
‘I suppose it was a bit.’ said Peter. He lifted the bracelet and dangled it in the air. Seven silver symbols lay along its chain: a heart; an acorn; a horseshoe; a bee; a star; a treasure chest and a bell. Usually at this point, in a version of catch-and-release, the boy would toss whatever he’d caught back onto the pile. He’d broken, some time ago, the lock that secured to the machine its cube-shaped glass summit. So it was only a case of pushing it forward on its hinges. But he knew the girl would want the thing. Knew, also, that it would win him some goodwill. ‘There you go.’ said the boy, and he made to throw the bracelet to her. But then Wendy extended her hand. Peter, puzzled, looked at it. And then at the girl. In response, she nodded to her outstretched wrist.
‘Put it on for me.’ said Wendy. Then, to give the boy a break, she added ‘It’s too tricky when you try it yourself. We’d be here all day.’
He had to fuss for a while, the boy, with the tiny clasp, but eventually he got it buckled. Wendy twisted her arm this way and that, and the thing jingled. ‘It’s so kitsch,’ a word learned from her mother, ‘and cool. Don’t you think?’ Then, imitating a starlet from one of Mrs Darling’s old black-and-white films, she struck a pose and breathlessly oversold a line. ‘I’ll never take it off.’
‘It’s alright, I suppose.’ shrugged Peter. He made his way to the back of the machine. But Wendy deliberately got in his way.
‘I expect you want a kiss now?’ she said.
‘A kiss?’ replied Peter, ‘What’s a kiss?’
The question caught Wendy out. Even if, as she suspected, he was being deliberately coy. It was at this moment that for the first time she took a really good look at the boy. She hadn’t noticed before, but now saw just how ragged and worn his clothes were. At some point that jumper of his had been bright-green. Now it was kind of swamp-coloured. And his legs? They were like a couple of lengths of string. Or those bits of wire you twist around cables or freezer bags. If something of his, a hand or an arm, were to fall to the ground, Wendy wouldn’t have been surprised. He might just as well, the boy, have been made from rain and mist and leaves and moss. He didn’t smell or anything like that, though. Well, he did, but it wasn’t unpleasant. It was sort of like the way wet pavements smell when they’re drying in the sun. In summary, then, he was:
Too thin 
Too pale
Too scruffy
and 
Rather full of himself
But there was a flash in his eyes battling against all of it. A flash that Wendy was finding magnetic. 
‘A kiss,’ said Wendy, desperately looking for an answer, ‘I’ll show you.’ She took hold of the machine’s handles and began to twist them. Nothing happened.
‘Hang on.’ said Peter, and he bopped the thing with his fist. That low hum returned, and the bulb above the prizes flickered on. ‘Try now.’
This time the little crane began to move. Holding her breath, so it wouldn’t cloud the glass, Wendy carefully watched the gadget hover above a brown rectangle of mock leather. Embossed on it in gold italics, the words Bus Pass Holder. Then a penknife. A shuttlecock. A cigar cutter. The claw juddered past them all. A model of Tower Bridge, and a wallet too, loaded with a brown ten-shilling note. Beneath these lay a tiny manicure set: scissors, a mirror and a file poked out from its perished plastic case. But partly because it was easier to grab, and partly because she felt it would suit him, Wendy hooked a silver wristwatch. It dropped a couple of times of course, but after a few tries, and no small amount of teasing from Peter, it plummeted, gracelessly, into the hopper and landed with a clunk.
Wendy pressed the watch to her ear. Hearing nothing, she twisted the winder and smiled as it ticked into life. Then she set it to the correct hour and held it in the air. ‘One kiss.’ said Wendy. 
‘Really?’ said Peter. 
‘Really. Now, arm out.’ Peter offered them both. Wendy buckled the strap across the boy’s left wrist. Then he lifted his arm to his ear and listened intently to the tick-tick-tick. 
‘So that’s a kiss.’ he said, ‘I wondered what all the fuss was about.’
‘Now wherever you go, you’ll always have my kiss by your side.’ said Wendy. Then she tugged at her sleeve and exposed the bracelet, ‘And I’ll always have yours.’ It was fun to pretend; to be twee and sweet and more than a bit silly. It felt like playing dress-up.
Peter gazed proudly at the watch. Then, making Wendy laugh, he struck poses like some catalogue model. ‘Walk like a businessman.’ called out Wendy, and the boy marched briskly down a makeshift catwalk. Glancing at the watch as he passed her, he quickened his pace as if headed to a train or a meeting. When the boy returned – this time as just himself – he held out his arm so Wendy could listen to the thing ticking. ‘I love the noise it makes.’ said Peter. Then he tugged at the strap. ‘D’you think this thing is real crocodile skin?’
Wendy had seen that the strap in question was stamped, on its underside, with the words Made in Taiwan. ‘Thankfully not.’ she said. Then she began to lecture the boy about poaching, and the trade in exotic and endangered skins. But he cut her off.
‘Come on.’ he said, walking away, ‘You’ve still to tell me about this Hook.

11. Tea Time Tales
Saturday October 18th 2014

‘What do you think of this, then?’ said Peter. They had stopped beside a carousel. On this contraption, instead of horses or bears or lions, riders sat inside one of a dozen or so giant teacups. On the grubby, white-painted floorboards, a pool of rainwater had collected in the sinking centre of the ride. There, on a pillar, a huge teapot rested, its spout hanging from the plump body like a broken limb. 
Of the cups, a few had lost their handles: these rested now either on the ground or in the saucers the carriages sat upon. Several more cups had cracked entirely in half. Another, located directly below a gash in the canvas roof, contained a foul brew of brown water and drowned insects. It was easy, though, to imagine these carriages in their prime, spinning smoothly and gleaming under bright yellow lights. ‘Come on,’ said Peter, ‘let’s try one out.’
Wendy took in the damage: the wooden boards that, like the other carousel, had either swollen and risen or rotted and sunk. The cute little cup-shaped ticket booth whose roof had collapsed in on itself. The bleached-out bunting that had long ago fallen onto the picket-fence border (itself hanging mainly at an angle). ‘It still goes, this thing?’ said Wendy.
‘Kind of.’ said Peter. ‘Come on.’
They hopped over the fence. ‘That one looks OK’ said Peter, and he pointed at a blue-trimmed cup a few feet away. Wendy unlooped a length of bunting from her ankle. Then she negotiated the gaps in the boards. 
Inside the carriage, Peter immediately sat on the tiny ledge running along the interior of the cup. Wendy was less keen, drying, with her sleeve, her section of the ledge. And she kept her feet well away from the sodden base too. 
‘So,’ the boy leaned back, closed his eyes and clamped his hands behind his head, ‘this Hook. Begin.’ How pompous, thought Wendy. But even so, she was keen to knock him off his perch with how much she knew. 
‘Well, his name is James. James Hook. Although when he signs my dad’s cheques he signs them Jas. Hook. We always laugh at that. That and the fact he still pays people by cheque. My mother calls it an affectation.’ Peter opened one eye and frowned. ‘It’s kind of like a thing he does just to show off and stand out. Like the way he speaks as well. It's like all old-fashioned. She says that maybe he was dropped on his head as a child.’
‘What else?’ said Peter. The boy wasn’t known for his patience, and certainly he had no interest in the words or style Hook used in conversation. He made a flamboyant Tell me more gesture with his hand. Wendy felt a bit like responding with a gesture of her own. But she resisted. 
‘So, he owns Pendulum Properties. That’s the company my dad works for. It’s in Charnelhouse Street. In Holborn. D’you know it?’
‘Page 146.4A.’ said Peter. 
‘What?’
‘Charnelhouse Street. Page 146. Grid reference 4A. Of my London A-Z book.’
‘Seriously?’
Peter nodded, rather pleased with himself. Surely, thought Wendy, the boy must be making it up. A dandelion seed floated between the two and he cupped his hands around it.
‘OK, what about St Paul’s Cathedral?’
But the boy nodded to his hands. ‘You need to make a wish first.’ Wendy rolled her eyes. 
‘OK, I wish that… ’
But Peter interrupted. ‘If you say it out loud it won’t ever come true.’
Wendy waited a moment. Then she said ‘OK. Wish made.’ Peter opened up his hands and the seed floated off. 
‘Where were we?’
‘St Paul’s Cathedral.’ said Wendy.
‘Page 150.1C.’
The trouble was, he fired off each response instantly, and with such conviction that Wendy really had to believe him. 
‘Highgate Cemetery.’ said Wendy quickly. She hoped to catch him out, ‘No. Brompton. What’s Brompton Cemetery?’
‘Page 75. 6K.’ The seed had floated back into range, but he blew it away. ‘Highgate is 45. 2F.’
Wendy thought for a second. 
‘Lilybank Road?’
Fast as anything, Peter answered. ‘Page 45.4G.’
‘If these are right,’ said Wendy, ‘this is totally amazing. Can I bring you to school. To show people?’
Peter shook his head. He had things to find out. ‘What goes on at this… what’s it called again?’
‘Pendulum Properties. I’m not sure exactly what they do.’ In her calves Wendy felt cramps emerging, so the girl stretched her legs out. Then, with a bit of effort, she rested her ankles on the rim of the cup. ‘That’s kind of a joke in my family.’ The boy made spoilt, impatient little puffing sounds. What did she mean she wasn’t sure? 
In the centre of the cup a short metal pole was crowned by a silver disc. A bit like a car’s steering wheel. Turning it made the cup spin round. With one hand, Wendy had been twisting it, but the carriage had barely moved an inch. She gave up. 
‘It’s all to do with buying up property and selling it on. I know that much. Property like houses and businesses I mean, not like lost property, like an overcoat or a phone or something. Or an umbrella.’
The boy cut her off. ‘Property development! I knew it. Where’s Tink? Tink? We were right, he’s a property developer.’ Then he turned to Wendy, that flash, again, in his eyes, ‘I knew it. With his notepad and pencil. And that chalk and squeaky little tape measure. He’s on a treasure hunt.’
‘How d’you mean?’ said Wendy, ‘What treasure?’
‘The land.’ said Peter, and he flung his arms in the air, ‘The entire site. That’s the treasure. You’re in it right now.’
‘Well,’ said Wendy, feeling pleased as can be, ‘I happen to know – for a fact – that it’s completely out of the question to build anything on this land.’ She paused for effect. ‘It’s riddled with old caves and couldn’t support a shed, much less a load of houses. I imagine that’s why this place closed down.’ She concluded the lesson with an almost subsonic sniff. 
‘There are caves.’ said Peter, expertly ignoring Wendy’s full stop, ‘But they won’t halt a thing. You can bet that with time and money they can be filled in. Made safe.’
He leapt from the teacup and, clamping onto its handle, leaned back and dragged the thing towards him. From the bowels of the ride, stubborn machinery began grinding to life. Then, with the cup reluctantly rotating, Peter pulled even harder as Wendy twisted the little wheel. Between them they got the cup spinning faster and faster. And when its handle cracked, then detached completely, the boy flung it away. Then he swung himself up and sat on the edge. ‘No, it’ll take more than a few caves to stop this Hook.’ 
In the centre of the ride, the teapot’s lid reacted to the motion of the carriage. As it sank into the rim of the pot, thick trickles of filthy water ran down its body before draining through the busted floor. 
‘Have you seen them? The caves?’ asked Wendy.
Peter hopped off and gave the teacup another push. ‘Me and Tink sometimes take a wander down there.’ He nodded at the dog. She was snoozing now, and curled up in the neighbouring carriage.
‘I’d love to see them.’ said Wendy. But Peter dismissed her with a short, sharp ha.
‘Ha what?’ asked Wendy. The boy leapt into the cup and stared, through the spoiled roof, into a revolving sky. 
‘The only boy, except me of course, who was ever brave enough to explore those caves was Patrick Nibs. They’re no place for a girl.’
‘No place for a girl?’ Puddle or no puddle, Wendy stood, ready to square up to the boy. ‘So, where is a place for a girl? Precisely?’
Peter jumped from the carriage. He began slowing it down. ‘They’re dirty and dark is all I meant. And cold too. Really cold.’
‘A jumper required, then?’ said Wendy, ‘And a torch, maybe? Complicated, hi-tec stuff, I know. Especially for a girl.’
‘We can go there sometime.’ said the boy. He was desperate, remember, to keep this Wendy on his side. ‘Definitely.’
When the cup had stopped spinning, Wendy opened its little gate and stepped out. She shooed mud from her coat. Then they walked through the arcade and out towards the funhouse. 
Wendy’s eyes hopped around the battered old stalls and rusting rides. This was certainly an interesting place. But did it beat No. 14? TV? A warm bed and a mostly pretty alright family? Really? And besides, did this Peter actually expect her to believe that he lived here with only a dog for company? What nonsense. The boy had told her he had no parents. That in itself was fair enough; Emily from her English class? Her parents weren’t around either, but she was fostered. Thousands of kids were looked after in care, too. The boy, she concluded, was taking her for a fool. 
‘I’d better get back home.’ said Wendy. ‘But thanks for showing me around.’
‘Oh, you haven’t seen anything yet.’ said Peter. But Wendy was already walking away. The boy called out. ‘You at least need to see my ship.’
‘Another time.’ said Wendy. She didn’t feel completely comfortable here with the boy. For the last ten minutes, inside her pocket, her hand had been wrapped either around her phone or that stone she’d picked up earlier. The gap in the fence was now just a few steps away, but somehow Peter had managed to get in front of her. From his jeans he pulled out a shabby old pack of cards. Then with a swift flick he fanned the entire deck out. 
‘Pick a card.’ Wendy shot him a frown, but the boy insisted. ‘Go on. Pick any one you want.’ Reluctantly, Wendy tugged at a card until it released from the pack. The boy closed his eyes tightly and turned his head away. 
‘Who’s Patrick Nibs, by the way?’
But the boy, apparently concentrating, waved the question away.
‘Look at the card. Remember it. Then put it back anywhere in the deck. Anywhere at all.’ Wendy jabbed her card back into the pile. ‘Is that it in?’
‘Yes.’ said Wendy. The boy faced her once more, then handed her the deck. 
‘Shuffle. Go on.’ As best she could, Wendy mixed the cards around in her hands. She had to pick a few up, but before long she was ready. The boy quickly flicked his way through the deck. 
‘Where did you learn to do all this stuff?’ said Wendy. 
But Peter just shook his head. ‘Hold on. Hold on.’ Every so often he would stop at a card, mumble something, then continue. When at last he reached the end of the pack and frowned, Wendy coughed and sniffed. 
‘Sometimes it doesn’t quite work,’ said Peter with a shrug, ‘that’s magic for you I suppose.’
‘Or not.’ said Wendy. She began to bend into the gap. The boy, though, had other ideas. 
‘If you stay just a little longer I’ll teach you how to fly.’
Wendy turned her head and gave the boy one of her better Oh really? looks. But Peter had already begun the lesson. 
‘Just watch. You won’t believe it.’
‘Yeah. I imagine that’s quite likely.’ said Wendy. 
The boy turned around, his back to the girl. Then, slowly, he lifted his arms and stretched them out like the wings of a plane. ‘Ready?’
‘Ready.’ said Wendy. From her pocket she had pulled out her phone and aimed it at the boy. He’d never know. 
‘No cameras, please.’
Seething, Wendy put the thing away. ‘Here-we-go.’ For show, Peter had added a pause between words. For a second or two nothing happened. Then, ever so slowly, the boy’s feet rose in mid-air. 
It was an illusion. Wendy knew that. But still, it would be something to dazzle John and Michael with. And, unlike his card trick, at least he had actually gotten this one right. But it wouldn’t do to sound too impressed. 
‘It’s not really flying though, is it?’ said Wendy, ‘More like floating.’
The boy’s feet slapped onto the ground. ‘Oh, you broke the spell.’ For effect, he stumbled backwards for a few steps. ‘Flying, floating,’ he shrugged, ‘the main thing is I was airborne.’
‘I suppose so.’ said Wendy flatly. She was, though, really quite taken with the trick. ‘Alright then. I’ll hang around a bit more.’
Peter had picked himself up and was already on his way to the Gargoyle. 
‘But you’d better teach me how to do that.’
From somewhere close by, Tink’s bell was jangling. And as Wendy caught up with the boy, she wouldn’t have seen the wicked little grin that had lit up his face.

12. De Futuro
Saturday October 18th 2014

Deep in a district of lawyers and solicitors and notaries, a solitary light shone from an office window. On their way to pre-theatre specials, or returning home from matches and matinees, people would have looked up and thought some poor office jockey is working the weekend. And in a way they would have been correct. 
Beyond the window, Hook sat at his desk and tapped out an email. That morning’s Business Daily had failed to appear on his doormat. He was sure, though, that these few stern words for his newsagent would prevent such a slip-up occurring again. 
As Hook sent the message, titled Daily dilemma, the evening’s Shipping Forecast began. Thirty-one shipping areas covered the waters around the British Isles. And from Bailey to Viking, Hook could name them all. And backwards, if you so wished. 
Tonight, thundery showers were expected around Thames and he had nodded silently at this. Hook made it his business, for no good reason, to be aware of the local marine conditions. He knew, for example, that today’s tide table for London Bridge (Tower Pier) was:
02:21 (2.0 metres)
08:54 (5.5 metres) 
15:22 (1.6 metres)
21:39 (5.8 metres)
Hook was listening to the broadcast online. But as a matter of serious principle he felt that it really ought to be heard from a proper old radio. Here at work, he missed the crackle of his ancient wooden wireless. He missed also the brief, comfort-filled smell of dust frying on warming electrics. Hook made a mental note to have Moira locate such a radio for his office. The Minerva, preferably, of his youth. Made by the Driscoll Electronics Company of Blackpool, Lancs. 
It was so different at home. Like Wendy, Hook was a radio night-owl. Following his bath, populated by clockwork boats and fistfuls of crystals and Dead Sea salt, he would lie alone in bed. Then, battling the desire to sleep, he would tune his Driscoll Melodium into the long-wave frequency. Across the radio’s glass strip, and illuminated in a dirty yellow light, were marked cities, countries and continents. With just a twist of the dial a keen red needle glided silently through borders: from Monte Carlo to Strasbourg, Bratislava to Tunis, Stockholm to Lisboa, Istanbul to Napoli, then onwards to Rabat, Stuttgart and Beromünster.
Passing through each station, snatches of orchestras, sports commentary and conversation would zing into the air and form nonsensical sentences. Were it possible to translate it all, the needle’s journey back and forth might read:
‘The youngest composer to – score the goal that Inter Milan need to – write a formula that proposed time-travel might – be the answer to Egypt’s growing – plans to send books – to life on other planets.’
It was amusing to Hook to stitch these fragments together. But at precisely twelve minutes before one o’clock in the morning the needle would return, always, to London. Always to the first forecast of the day. Locating Hook through fogs of patchouli incense, the cut-glass reports combined with the Gale Force naval rum in his cocoa. 
Warnings of gales in Trafalgar.
Irish Sea – south four or five – backing east – then becoming cyclonic five or six.
Humber Thames – west four or five – occasionally six for a time.
Then, before the national anthem had even run its course, the dreaming would begin. 
These fantasies, of course, were always played out upon the high seas. Launched from his waterbed, they would cast Hook as the captain of one vessel or another, or see him shipwrecked on an island of parrots and palm trees. Just last night he’d emerged as the hero of the story:
With a slash of Captain Hook’s cutlass, the princess was free. For sixteen days and nights she’d been lashed to the mainmast of the Nebula. Crewed by a rabble of hooligans, Nebula was the most feared galleon to have cursed the seven seas. A thousand-and-one men, women and children the ship’s curs had sent to the plank – each soul recorded by the tower of notches scratched upon the mast the maiden had been yoked to. Now, though, twelve of the scoundrels lay, in thirty-six portions, on the deck. The rest had taken their chances beneath the brine. And as the life began draining from the only one left alive – Fivers, so-called because of the five thumbs on his left hand – the princess, Tilly, fell into Hook’s arms. ‘Marry me.’ she whispered.
So clear was the dream that even now, hours later, Hook half-expected the office carpet to be garnished with arms and legs and heads and torsos. But as he rose from a pile of cushions and strode to the window he found no such parcels. And nor any princess.
Hook rubbed his eyes. In the pane he could see that today he looked tired. He breathed the city in, though. Its restlessness, he figured, might act as a pick-me-up. Hook followed its spiky outline, his head cocked to one side, his arms folded behind him, impersonating the men of power – real power – whose ranks he longed to join. And he thought about the future. One day he’d be head of a council. Perhaps even mayor of London. With the raise of an eyebrow he’d have the clout to approve X or cancel Y. He’d have a bigger desk too. And a brand-new personal assistant. A prim girl. In grey. And in sensible shoes. With him for a year or two. On her way to the top. And mindful of sugarless tea. 
He’d meet the great and the good, and hold them spellbound with his tales. He’d holiday in places ordinary people didn’t know and couldn’t spell. In retirement, he’d sail the world in a ship of his own design. His Business Daily would be delivered by a dolphin, or by a herd of seahorses, and at the end of it all, in the centre of a leafy square that would bear his name, a statue would stand. 
He’d arrange for it to go up, the monument, behind scaffolding and tarpaulins. And in the dead of night. Then, via the morning rush, everyone, from office juniors in saved-for suits, to Managing Directors in paid-for cars would spy it. They’d be enchanted by its magical, unannounced appearance. They’d carry the news of it to reception desks, cubicles and boardrooms. Then they’d marvel at how truly fine a man this son of London – this Jas. Hook – must have been. The Royal Navy, it too would come to know the chance its ranks had missed. He’d have made a superb captain, they would concede. And then, by way of apology, they’d name a battleship in his honour, fly ribbons from the dockside cranes and instruct every boat upon the Thames to sound its horn.
A tear formed in the corner of an eye as he saw it all laid out before him. From an imaginary megaphone, his slogan – London. Happier with Hook. – blasted out across Charnelhouse Street and towards the city beyond. 
Step One would be this fairground business.
Hook’s dreams of chauffeurs, chandeliers – but most of all, power – were hijacked, however, by the door buzzer. He whipped out a beautiful pocket watch; another example of his perfectly constructed flamboyance. From a loop on the timepiece, a short chain hung. Fixed to its last link: a tiny silver anchor swung back and forth. Hook noted that Smee was one minute late. And on the climb to his office, he told him so.
‘I’m sorry, Mr Hook,’ said Smee, bundling into the room, ‘but even for us pedestrians the traffic is atrocious. A chap on a bike collided with...’ But with a raise of his bandaged hand Hook called for silence. This was Smee’s cue to deliver what Hook dramatically called Weekly Reports. Smee sat. Then he watched Hook gingerly lower himself onto that mountain of cushions.
‘The dog again?’ asked Smee. Hook closed his eyes and nodded. 
‘The boy – ragamuffin that he is – was present also. He had hidden well. But not so well that he escaped my attention. If I had my way he’d be residing, and at Her Majesty’s Pleasure, among the outlaws in Crippingham. Denbeigh, the Charing Cross Poisoner. Claridge, the Sidcup Axeman.’ 
‘Edwards. Of Chigwell.’ said Smee, grateful for the chance to contribute. ‘The Lollipop Killer.’
‘The Lollipop Killer precisely.’ said Hook, ‘And that landlady from up in Hertfordshire.’
‘Mrs Yardley.’ said Smee. And, attracted to the woman in question, his words had been delivered with involuntary awe. 
‘Indeed Mrs Yardley.’ said Hook, and in reference to her modus operandi he swept with his hand a cutting gesture across his throat. ‘The Black Widow of Watford. Good company all for that pest of a boy. He, though, is a problem for another day.’
Smee clicked open his briefcase. Prior to engaging with Hook, he had carried in it only his lunch. And, for company, a paperback book. But not now. Now it was home to far loftier articles. Smee smiled at the clutch of papers inside. He savoured the moment. It always felt amazing. Grown-up. A real rush. As Hook read each page in silence, Smee watched for the little signs: a scratch of the chin here, a soft sigh there. Eventually Hook looked up. ‘Very good. Everything seems to be bobbing along nicely.’
Hook then turned his attention to the huge sheet of paper covering, like a tablecloth, the surface of his desk. ‘This is the latest drawing. Printed today. And devoid, you will notice, of spilt tea and biscuits.’
That it was also devoid, this curious plan, of any identifying text or symbols had caused much debate in Mr Darling’s Admin Department. Sure, it had its # number. But drawing plans were ordinarily home to a project name. They were dated too, and in addition to a broad address, the street names around the proposed work were almost always visible. #1904 really ought to have looked like a gigantic street map. But it offered none of the customary details. Unusual also was the fact that it was Hook himself – and not a draftsman from the Technical Department – who drew and updated the document. 
It had all led to Mr Darling and his Admin colleagues referring, in theatrical whispers, to #1904 as Plan X and sometimes Area 51. Hook, though, caught wind of the suspicion. At the company Picnic Day, held each August, he’d casually assured colleagues that the affair was a hobby, that he was revisiting drawing skills he’d ‘sadly let slip.’ 
It was kept, #1904, under lock and key, of course and, just to be sure, each revision was now marked with the words Example plan only – not in production.
Smee studied the spidery lines, the boxes and the calculations. ‘As you’ll see,’ said Hook, pointing, with his good hand, at a section of the paper, ‘I’ve freed up more space here, here and here.’ He underlined each ‘here’ with a tapping finger. ‘I think Mr Jukes will approve.’ Smee nodded and smiled. But the nagging fear of doing business with Hook, and this Jukes, hovered over him. It was he, Smee, after all, who had the most to lose.
Samuel Smee had started his council career in 1988. The day after leaving school. Passed over for promotion, he remained, at the age of forty-three, a lowly clerk in the council’s Planning and Estates Department. He regarded himself as a photocopier of files, a shuffler of applications. The job had made a once-good man bitter. And last December’s chance meeting with Hook, at the council’s woefully named Ball for London’s Poor, had made him also opportunistic. 
Smee, who on the night in question had been volunteered into selling raffle tickets, knew Hook’s name. Across the years he’d spied it on dozens of routine planning applications. A half-empty hip flask of gin had socked away his shyness and he had asked Hook, there and then, for a job. Reeking of cheap juniper he had blurted out a booze-soaked CV, the words breathlessly rat-tat-tatting at a pace belonging only to lonely people suddenly finding themselves in company. And as he dropped, then picked up, a handful of tickets, he had continued slurring, into the marble floor, his years of experience in civic property, his excellent timekeeping and impeccable attendance record. 
Hook had looked with pity upon the poor soul. Here he was, small and hopeless, half-drunk, literally begging for an escape. And dressed as an elf. Hook had turned his back and begun moving towards the mulled wine stall. Towards, more accurately, the people of influence milling around it: high-ranking council officials, committee chairmen, treasurers of this or that project. But then Samuel Smee had mentioned a name that changed everything. 
Smee’s job, modest as it was, gave him the one thing Hook required more than anything: a contact with regular, explainable access to Mr Robert Mullins. As Head of Planning and Estates, and likely one day to lead the entire council, Mullins was the man with the power to cut through years of red tape. The man with the power to sell Neverland to Hook. And Hook was the man with the envelope of money to make sure it happened quickly, quietly and with zero objections. It was no exaggeration, therefore, to describe Smee as a Godsend, and the encounter as a chance in a million. 
Hook, you see, had immediately embraced Jukes’ plan. It had been a while since he’d heard from his old friend. And the previous autumn, across dinner at Underclass, he’d listened to Jukes’ scheme and had been eager to please. Eager to demonstrate that he too could make huge things happen. But then the reality of wresting the fairground from the council, and the larger problem of dispensing with those tricky and inevitable local objections, had presented themselves. 
Now, though, with the willing Smee in his corner, and by extension the persuadable Mullins, Hook had everything he needed to bring JukeBox to Spicerhill. And, more importantly, to light a fire beneath his own ambitions. 
The shops on Wendy’s high street? Thanks to JukeBox, Jukes had told Hook, they’d close forever. Then Pendulum Properties, would buy the lot – if not exactly for a song, then at least for a keen price – turn them into flats and bedsits, and watch the rent money roll in. It was a win-win, he’d said. A sure thing. A certainty.
As for Smee, a simpleton like him would be happy with pocket change and a new job title. Hook though would be rich. And then he’d be powerful. 
Hook, then, had been keeping Smee on the simmer ever since last Christmas. He had taken Smee’s number (he was careful, even at this early stage, not to offer his own just yet) and through winter, spring and summer had made him, for the first time in his life, feel indispensable and part of something big. For Hook, manipulating the man had been as easy and as heartless as mugging the blind. And so had begun the events now being discussed on that early Saturday evening.
Hook watched Smee jaywalk across Charnelhouse Street. Next, a taxi driver parped him off the road and shouted an obscenity. Smee, who disliked motor cars and their constant encroachment upon the city, returned the advice, albeit silently. From his perch, and for no good reason, Hook memorised the number stamped on the cab’s ID plate. Then he locked the papers and plans away. It was getting closer now.
Soon he’d be sending in the bulldozers. 
And bell or no bell, bite or no bite, he knew not of any dog who would win that particular battle.

13. A Subtle Web
Saturday October 18th 2014

Blackcurrant and Hibiscus Conserve. Only the glass glued beneath the embossed paper label had survived the flight. The remainder of the jar, and its weird contents, were scattered around the funhouse steps.
In the main, the Gargoyle was the place where Peter ate, slept and plotted. But it was from the ship that he would sometimes be called upon to defend Neverland too. 
In recent years the area had acquired its own gang. The bulk of the Spicerhill Spartans’ members, however, were drawn from Spicerhill Academy, a posh, fee-paying school. More a nuisance than a threat, about the worst it got from the Spartans was the odd joke-call to Brittlefield Private Hire and sometimes a spot of vandalism. Their official logo, and a slogan, North London’s premier gang, saw them mercilessly mocked online. And when other gangs – proper ones like the Hammersmith Fists and the Acton Collective – required cash for the cinema or off-sales, they’d wander into Spicerhill and shake down as many Spartans as they could find. 
For Peter, the threat, then, from the Spartans was low. The boy, after all, was a gang all on his own. But even so, he made sure always to have a well-stocked magazine: that part of a ship where ammunition is kept. 
Aboard the Gargoyle, the magazine amounted to a large wooden crate: a prop, deliberately marked Muskets and Cutlasses, and decorated with a drawing of both. Below the mainmast it was kept, the magazine, protected from the rain by a sail that had plummeted, years ago, into the moat. Inside the crate sat dozens of small paper sacks. These were filled with soot and ash from Peter’s autumn and winter fires. Dust grenades he called them.
These, usually, were enough to send the Spartans and other trespassers packing. Occasionally though, Peter would have to call upon glassbombs: jam jars pinched from JukeBox. These, he emptied before lining the lot up and filling them with pebbles and coins, rose thorns and mashed-up black bryony berries. If he was feeling particularly creative, into the glassbombs also went a scrunched-up sheet of newspaper. Then the paper would be lit, the jar would be launched and the boy would watch the device cutting across the dark like a comet. Sometimes, depending on its trajectory, the bomb's flame would be whipped away and it would die like a bird snuffed out in mid flight. But on those occasions when it lasted the trip, it looked magnificent and had Peter punching the air in delight. 
You could acquire empty jars anywhere of course. With jam-making quite the thing once more, Martin’s of Spicerhill – and, naturally, JukeBox itself – stocked them. But this way the boy could keep a store of scooped-out jam into the bargain. Not that he particularly like using them, glassbombs – the noise and the mess – but if he absolutely had to, he did. For most pests, the Spartans or the Fists, say, or the occasional drunks, he would deliberately launch the jars so they landed close enough to frighten but far enough not to cause injury. These invaders, after all, really didn’t warrant his full attention. Who needed the hassle and complication? 
There had been an exception though: that one character who’d tried to kick the clown’s head in. It had stood up to his beating. But then he’d marched, holding what looked like a knife, towards the Gargoyle. Surely nobody could have realistically blamed the boy for what had happened next. 
Yes, apart from that one time, it was really just harmless irritations Peter found himself dealing with. There was nothing much to be gained from hurting third-rate gangs or dizzy nightclubbers. He’d learned also to tolerate the annual inspections that Spicerhill Council was obliged to make. There was no sense at all in broadsiding these characters. They were armed, after all, only with clipboards and chatter, blue jokes and illicit cigarettes. Even so, not a word did they speak that the boy didn’t hear. He’d follow them, Peter, as they toured the rides and stalls, ticking, with cursory swishes, boxes on a list. And with each passing year different faces would express the same comforting view. That the space was cursed. Unsellable. Its foundations riddled; its development as fantastical as its rusting rides. And that suited the boy just fine.
Nevertheless, Peter made it his business to fire off a few practice throws each week. This morning, from the deck of the Gargoyle, he’d walloped that jester painted on the funhouse wall. Now, he swept with his foot the thorns and berries, the pebbles and coins – even the broken glass itself – into a bucket. In a strange version of recycling, these would fill yet more empty jars. Then they’d be stashed in the magazine, ready to repel from Neverland, that roll call of minor annoyances.
Hook, though, would be a different enemy altogether. He had to be stopped. And by whatever means necessary. Already the boy had been busy concocting ways to make that happen. 

***

Towards the stern of the Gargoyle, Peter had lashed a hammock from one mast to another. Above this he had nailed a grubby old roller blind. This he had pinched from the fair’s on-site office buildings: huts, really, filled with desks and paperwork. When it poured, the boy pulled the blind across the hammock, and an old mop bucket caught the rain that escaped through an unpatched hole. As the pail filled though, the incessant ting of water on tin, and then of the plopping of drops, tormented him as he tried to fall asleep. Now, with winter approaching, Peter would soon be moving his hammock either a little inside the caves or possibly into the funhouse. 
He had made, the boy, a small kitchen – a galley – inside the ship. And it was in that galley where Wendy sat on a stool unbolted from the bingo stall. 
‘Fill this up.’ said the boy. He had handed Wendy a filthy-looking kettle.
‘With what?’ said Wendy. ‘Pee?’
Peter, now meddling with matches, removed his head from inside an oven he’d constructed. He pointed to a corner. There, an urn stood upon a plinth of box files. Receipts read a label on one file’s spine. Staff on another. Then Suppliers. Tax. Safety. As Wendy approached this tower, Peter ducked into the stove once more. Panels of metal, bound and fastened with lengths of wire, formed the oven’s broad cube shape. Ripped from rides, the panels were, and one, painted with a large, decorative mid-word W, Wendy rather fancied taking home.
‘Sometimes the tap comes off in your hand.’ said Peter, his voice deadened by the walls of metal, ‘So be careful.’ Sure enough, the thing detached as soon as Wendy touched it. But she pushed it back in, then tossed the first couple of batches of rusty water overboard. On the third go it ran just about clear, and she popped the kettle on the stove’s top panel, deliberately banging it so the noise would annoy the boy. ‘Here OK?’
‘Yeah. Hang on.’
‘Is it not lighting?’
‘Bit damp. Not had it on for a while.’ The boy’s arm angled out and, searching for something, he patted the deck, his hand pecking at the surface. Eventually his hand rested on a telephone directory and with a series of flicks he ripped pages from its diminishing count. These he scrunched into balls and loaded into the body of the stove.
‘It’s fine. I can do without tea.’ said Wendy. It all seemed, to someone accustomed to an electric kettle, like a heck of a ceremony. She looked around the room. Breaking up the patchy wooden walls, a little light entered through a small, dust-covered window. What food there was – bread, assorted tins, a box of something or other – lay in a drawer pulled from the dresser next to the stove. 
‘At last.’ said Peter, and, unsighted, he reached into a pile of logs. 
‘Hold on. There’s a spider on that thing.’ said Wendy, and she coaxed it onto her hand. The boy manoeuvred himself from inside the oven and when Wendy handed him the log she chose not to tell him his face was covered in soot. 
Into the stove the log went, then Peter leaned another panel – one painted with the head and shoulders of a Wall of Death motorbike rider – against the stove’s belly. Finally, he propped up this last panel with a couple of bricks. Almost immediately, droplets of water began bubbling on the stovetop. ‘I’m out of milk.’ said the boy. ‘And sugar. And biscuits.’
‘Oh don’t worry about that.’ The girl watched the spider as it sped from one hand to the other. Then she brushed it, gently, on to the deck.
‘Actually, hang on.’ Peter fell to his knees. With his bare hands the boy swept the floorboards, making huge circles in the dust and miraculously avoiding the splinters and unpunched nails.
‘What are you looking for?’ asked Wendy. She was worried he was searching for a mouldy old biscuit she’d have to pretend to eat.’
‘A thruppeny bit.’ replied Peter.
‘A what?’ The strange word had made her laugh.
‘A thruppeny bit. A three-pence coin.’
‘There’s no such thing’, said Wendy, ‘as a three-pence coin.’ But then she conceded that until quite recently she’d have said the same about a six-pence coin. 
The boy sprang from the boards.
‘I knew there’d be one here somewhere.’ Peter flicked the coin in the air. Wendy’s arm shot out and she caught it. 
‘Heads or tails?’ she said. 
‘Tails.’ said Peter. But he was annoyed at the interruption. Wendy lifted her hand and tutted.
‘Tails. Always. Fails. Bad luck.’ The coin had, in fact, landed tails-side up, but Wendy quickly flipped it before she showed it to Peter. Then she counted the coin’s twelve edges. ‘Can I keep it?’ The girl was certain it was worth a fortune. But Peter grabbed it from her.
‘No. It’s for this.’ The boy marched across the deck. In a corner, bolted onto a wall, was a small vending machine. Don’t forget your bar of Beasley’s advised a slogan. Wendy approached. 
‘You’re not seriously suggesting we eat something from this thing?’
Peter pushed the coin into the slot, ‘Of course. It’s great stuff, Beasley’s.’
‘Yeah, like a hundred years ago maybe.’
The boy clamped his hand onto a knob and twisted it. But nothing happened. ‘It’s seized up.’
‘Give me a go.’ said Wendy. Peter rolled his eyes. But he stood aside and Wendy jiggled the thing back and forth. 
‘Told you.’ said Peter. ‘It’s jammed tight.’ But through a dusty oblong of glass, the next bar in line was clearly jutting around in response to each tensed twist. 
‘Nearly.’ said Wendy, and she grabbed it with both hands. 
‘Will I fetch a brick?’ said Peter. 
‘Oil,’ said Wendy, then she added one of her father’s favourite suffixes, ‘I would have thought.’
‘I’ll fetch a brick.’ and the boy tried to squeeze past her.
‘No. Hang on.’ Wendy marched across the way. She’d spied a can marked Slix General Purpose Machine Oil. But quickly she stepped away from it. 
‘God. What on earth’s that in there?’ Around the size of a bucket, the tin was. With its lid sheared off, a jagged edge had been exposed, and impaled on one of those peaks was a fly. Inside the can lay gelatinous icebergs of red and purple. Sat below the galley window, some of the goo shone in the sunlight whilst other lumps were dulled with dust. Stabbed into the gunk: a rusty old soup ladle.
‘Blood and guts!’ said Peter cheerily. Then with his finger he gathered a glob of red and swallowed the lot. Wendy backed away from the boy. Then her hand made its way to that stone in her pocket. ‘It’s just jam.’ said Peter. ‘You know – for breakfast.’ He grabbed the ladle and as he lifted it, the jam made an amusing sucking noise. ‘Want some?’
‘I’ll pass, thanks.’ said Wendy. She stepped forward a bit and, still keeping some distance, looked into the can. A blackberry, then what looked like a strawberry satisfied her and she returned to the chocolate machine. 
‘It’s nearly there.’ said Wendy. The boy though was playing with the ladle, causing the jam to make that funny sound again and again. Ignoring him, Wendy gripped the dial with both hands and gave it one almighty twist. At last it shifted. She grabbed the bar from the drawer below, tiny specks of rust landing on her hand.
Wendy studied the wrapper. The faces of a rosy-cheeked boy and girl, pleased as can be, winked up at her. ‘Beasley’s Chocolate Perfection. The bar for bright smiles.’ she said, ‘3d. That’s your three pence – your thrup – what was it you called it again?’
‘Thruppenny.’ said the boy. The jam no longer enchanting, he returned to the girl.
‘What a brilliant word.’ said Wendy.
‘Open it up then.’ said Peter. Wendy looked doubtful, but the boy insisted she unwrap the thing. 
‘Peter, it’s gone white.’ The boy looked over Wendy’s shoulder. Then he agreed, though reluctantly, that it was, perhaps, better left uneaten. He popped it on top of the machine though. Just in case of emergencies. 
The whistle of Peter’s kettle brought Tink into the galley. Then she flumped into the bottom drawer of that dresser by the stove.
‘She always does that when she hears the kettle.’ said Peter, ‘Is this OK?’ The boy held in the air a box of JukeBox Supreme Selection tea leaves. 
‘Great.’ said Wendy. If she’d sounded overly impressed it was only because this was far fancier than the tea they used at No. 14. There, the teabags came from boxes the supermarkets stacked on the lowest shelves. 
As Peter spooned way too much tea into a cup, Wendy looked around a bit more. On a shelf, a Beefeater figurine, its axe detached and lying at its feet, contradicted the scale of the nearby model Routemaster. A number nine headed for Aldwych, a banner on its side advertised The Mousetrap at the Ambassadors Theatre. 
Below these, hanging from nails, were a filthy union flag tea towel and a Swiss Army knife, its eight tools unfolded from its handle. Also on the shelf, and scattered around the galley on tables and crates, were anchored the stubs of plain white candles, each one standing on smooth pools of wax. 
‘God, look at that.’ said Wendy, and she pointed to where a pool had collected on a crate. There, a desperate little scar recorded the vain escape route of an unlucky cockroach. Its body rested now, fused to the wax that had crept across the surface and spilled also onto the deck. 
Next to the roach, beneath a framed sketch of a lighthouse, a papier-mâché model of a mermaid stared intently ahead. Age had gotten even to her though, and flecks of paper enclosed her in an almost perfect circle.
‘What on earth is that doing there?’ said Wendy. 
‘Well, it got caught in the wax.’ said Peter, ‘So it’s not doing much.’ Wendy was glad to see the query had at last compelled him to stop filling the cup with tea leaves. But she’d moved on from the insect, and told him so. 
‘Not that. That.’ said the girl, nodding to a location behind the boy, ‘That hawk or whatever it is.’ 
On top of a shelf sat a magnificent stuffed bird. Stretched wide, and dominating the corner above, were its deep-brown wings. Massive they were, and tipped with protruding feathers. And with its talons – precisely the colour of custard it seemed to Wendy – rigid and set at an angle, and its white head bowed and determined, the creature would forever be plummeting to an unseen quarry below.
‘Oh I shot that ages ago.’ said Peter casually. ‘Then I stuffed it.’ 
‘You what?’ said Wendy. ‘You’d better be kidding.’ 
‘Of course I’m kidding said the boy. ‘Where on earth would I find a bird like that in London? It’s a prop. From the rifle range.’
Prop or not, the bird was real enough. ‘I call him Eros.’ said Peter. 
‘What, after the statue at Piccadilly Circus?’ said Wendy.
‘That’s right,’ said the boy, although he actually knew nothing of this monument. The name had in fact derived from a label once attached to the wooden plinth the bird was fastened to. 
‘Well,’ said Wendy, delighted to have both set the trap and witnessed the boy falling into it, ‘That statue isn’t of Eros at all. It’s actually of Anteros. A related, but different Greek god. It’s a common mistake though.’ and, as she always did at this point in the lesson, Wendy paused for a moment, ‘So don’t feel too bad about it.’
‘I don’t feel even a little bit bad about it.’ said Peter. But Wendy was on a roll. 
‘It’s a bit like referring to the Elizabeth Tower as Big Ben. Big Ben’s the name of the bell within the tower.’
‘Fascinating stuff.’ said Peter.
‘Well it is, actually.’ then, to appear less stuffy, Wendy said ‘I only know because they came up in a quiz at school once.’ 
To demonstrate that the boy’s pantomime yawning meant nothing to her, Wendy deliberately gazed back to the bird. Its scythe of a beak matched the unreal yellow of its feet. 
‘I tried stuffing a pigeon once.’ said Peter. And to head off the girl’s query he added ‘It was already dead when I found it. But it didn’t go well. Terrible mess.’ 
 ‘It’s not right’, said Wendy, ‘to pose him like that. It just seems like an insult.’ Then, to add a bit of drama, she said ‘It’s wicked.’ 
 ‘What would you have done?’ said Peter, ‘Lay him down flat like a bit of roadkill?’
‘I wouldn’t have shot him at all,’ said Wendy. ‘Or stuffed him’. 
‘But look at him.’ replied the boy, ‘He’s flying forever now. He’s living forever.’
‘OK. If you could ask Eros whether he’d have rather lived out his life doing whatever it is a bird like that does, then die of old age, what do you think he’d say.’
‘Birds can’t talk.’ said Peter. ‘Well, except for parrots.’ 
‘Yes, Very funny. I bet you he’d say yes. Every single time.’
‘But this way,’ said the boy, ‘he won’t ever die of old age, because he’ll never grow old.’
‘Maybe we should stuff you then,’ said Wendy, ‘If you’re so keen on it. And he’s a bald eagle by the way.’ The girl showed Peter her phone. Then keen to move on from the debate, she rose.
 On the wall opposite the galley window was pinned a world map. Upon its seas of sepia, whales and sea monsters bobbed next to drawings of ships and compasses. In the half-light Wendy peered into the map, then read aloud. 
‘New and Accurate Mappe of the World, drawne according to the best discoveries that have been made.’ She smiled and couldn’t help but get caught up in the adventure of it all.
A sharp clack snapped her out of it though. A saucerless cup had been placed upon the table. Or at least the grimy old pinball machine that Peter used as a table. Through a lid of glass and dirt and scratches, flying saucers and menacing bright-green aliens were just about visible. Invasion 2000 the game was called. It sat at a shallow angle, the machine, so the tea in Wendy’s cup had sloshed over the brim. Trickling down the china, the liquid deposited rogue tea leaves, like stubble, on the queen’s face. Below her portrait, and flanked by two union flags, a scrolling ribbon contained the words Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II – June 2nd 1952. Cautiously, Wendy sipped from the cup, filtering, through her front teeth, the leaves from the liquor.
‘Nice tea. Strong.’
‘London rain,’ said Peter, and he nodded to a rusting gutter that extended through a hole in the ceiling, ‘makes the best brew in Britain.’ Nicked from someone’s shed, Wendy rightly assumed, here and there the gutter had been patched up with sticking plasters and electrical tape. And it carried on, the thing, from the roof of the galley to the top of the urn. Jammed into the ceiling, damp scrunches of paper, each about the size of cricket balls, padded out the space between the gutter and the gap. Some of these plugs had fallen away and lay now on the deck. As if peeling an orange, Wendy unravelled a couple, the bone-dry creases and folds reluctantly unsticking with each tug. Revealed, were ancient pages from The Spicerhill Echo, its cramped, minuscule TV listings disclosing a two-channel Britain utterly alien to Wendy. Dismantling a couple more of the plugs, the girl opened out pages from that old telephone directory the boy had used as kindling. Smoothing a sheet across her lap, she browsed names and addresses, conceding that even if the local streets she recognised remained, the residents probably didn’t. 
Wendy, having scrutinised the gutter contraption, now scrutinised also her cup. Then, angling it gently, and with one eye on the boy, she let a third or so of its contents leak onto the deck. That revealed the thick film of tannin caking the cup’s interior. With her nail, Wendy scratched away at the layer. Quickly, the curling black-brown residue collected into a lump and engulfed her fingernail. From there, she dropped it into the liquid and soon a shoal of neat little tannin packets – like tadpoles, or mouse droppings – were floating, then sinking, alongside specks of too many tea leaves. Wendy gave the cup a half-turn and on the opposite end carved out a star shape too. Then she rested the cup beneath the stool. 
‘Aren’t you having any?’
 ‘Only got one cup.’
‘Have mine.’ said Wendy eagerly, and she offered him the cup, almost dropping it in her haste. But the boy looked beyond it, his head and arms slumped across the pinball machine. He watched Wendy in silence. It was off-putting, and she was keen to say something. Anything. The boy’s answer – Only got one cup – had irritated her so she tried to irritate him back.
‘You don’t really expect me to believe you live here do you?’
‘Why shouldn’t I live here?’ He began drawing shapes in the dust.
To annoy the boy, Wendy began jabbing at the buttons on the side of the machine. 
‘You’re too young, for a start, to live away from home.’ She drew back on the spring-loaded lever. Surprised that it hadn’t detached from the machine, she held it for a moment, then let it go. Beneath the glass, a fat steel ball bounced around. 
‘Ow.’ said the boy, and he lifted his head from the surface. ‘What were you saying just there?’
‘That you’re too young to be living away from home.’
‘But this is home.’ said Peter.
‘Yeah, sure it is.’ said Wendy.
The boy, though, didn’t take the bait. Instead, he continued doodling in the dust. 
‘I can’t see when you do that.’ said Wendy, and she pushed his hand away. ‘And give your face a rub. It’s filthy.’
 The ball jerked its way to the bottom of the machine and Wendy flipped it straight back to the top. The game had the lion’s share of her attention, but she glanced every so often at the boy. ‘This is like a gang hut isn’t it? Is that the idea? Somewhere away from your parents?’
‘Parents?’ Peter snorted a laugh then quickly rubbed away the letters: dozens of Ps and Ws that he’d made sure the girl had noticed. ‘I left them a long time ago.’
Wendy let the ball disappear into the machine’s insides. ‘What do you mean,’ and the girl mocked the phrase with a film-trailer voice, ‘a long time ago? Don’t be so dramatic.’
He rose. A patch of dust clung to his jumper. ‘I don’t want to talk about it.’
Wendy didn’t yet buy the boy’s story. Not completely. But it was from this moment that she began entertaining the possibility that maybe this Peter actually did live in this strange place she called Neverland. That he really did make breakfast, lunch and tea here in this weird kitchen. Really did sleep on that grimy old hammock outside. She felt sad for him. She knew mums and dads didn’t always stay together. She knew, too, that not every house worked like No. 14. But how bad must it have been for him to run away and never return? To live here among dead rollercoasters and crippled merry-go-rounds. As Wendy had been observing the galley, the boy had been observing her. He’d seen her pity. Read her thoughts. The time was right.

14. You Be Mother
Saturday October 18th 2014

‘So, as you can see, the place needs a bit of looking after,’ from across the galley Peter turned and flashed a smile, ‘and I wondered if you’d be interested in the job?’
‘What job?’ said Wendy. ‘What do you mean?’
Peter blew sharply on the mermaid’s face and a cloud of those flakes pinged into the air.
‘I mean I need a girl. To cook. And spring-clean. And make my bed.’ Then he nodded to his ragged clothes. ‘And to sew things too.’
‘In your dreams.’ said Wendy. ‘Wrong girl. Wrong century. Sorry ‘bout that. And anyway, I have a job.’
Now that summer was gone this wasn’t true of course, but Wendy added, for effect, ‘It’s at Foxtrot. On the high street.’ Peter tilted his head in silent question. ‘It’s a dress shop. It’s got a very good name,’ and she paused, again for effect, then sniffed theatrically, ‘amid,’ and she deliberately used the more ostentatious amid as opposed to the plainer among, ‘those in the know, of course.’ 
But Peter counted himself neither amid nor among those in the know. And Wendy’s words, beyond being barriers to overcome, meant nothing to him. He nodded to the window. ‘But look at it. Look at it and then tell me how some dress shop beats it.’
From up in the galley you got a pretty wide view of Neverland and today, in the late-afternoon sun, it positively glistened. At this distance you didn’t really see the scuffs and the scratches either. And that made it an awesome sight. 
‘It’s everything anyone could want.’ said Peter.
Wendy sat down. ‘Not everything. I would miss things.’
‘Like what?’ asked Peter.
‘Like my mum and dad for a start.’
‘Mums and dads.’ he spat the words out, ‘What else?’
‘Well, my brothers too. John and Michael. They’re a nuisance, but, you know, family and all that.’
‘Three children.’ said Peter. And he whistled.
‘It’s not that many.’ said Wendy, ‘And anyway my dad says he worked us all out on a calculator before we were born, so you don’t need to worry.’
What else?’
‘Well, there’s Nana of course.’
‘Who’s that? It’s not a grandmother is it?’
‘No. My gran died ages before I was born. It – she – is a Newfoundland.’ Peter looked puzzled. ‘A dog. She looks a bit like a bear.’ On her phone Wendy called up a snap of Nana and showed it to Peter. 
‘My mum and dad swear that she understands you when you tell her something.’
‘That’s like me. When I play this,’ and he whipped from a shelf a tin whistle, ‘the foxes gather round.’
‘Oh really?’ said Wendy, rolling her eyes. 
Wendy took the whistle from him. It was old the thing, and crudely made: not much more than a strip of red tin bent onto itself. And at the mouthpiece: a small piece of wood tapered to a blunt edge. But it was decorated, the tin, to appeal to a child. Wendy examined the illustrations that ran across its length. At its summit, a mouse conducted a choir of assorted animals, their open mouths positioned at the flute’s finger holes. Then she blew into the thing, Wendy, her breath warming its body. Eventually, when she failed to find any kind of tune, the girl handed it back.
‘What, precisely, do you play to them? The foxes?’
‘Just a tune. I don’t know what it’s called.’
‘Go on then.’ said Wendy, ‘Give us a blast.’
Peter put the whistle to his lips and began playing. 
‘That’s London Bridge is Falling Down.’ said Wendy. Pleased to have impressed the girl, the boy continued playing. Wendy raised her voice above the melody. ‘Some people think it’s about child sacrifice, you know. The song. Kids buried – alive – in the bridge’s foundations.’ At this, Peter deliberately hit a bum note. Then he finished up. 
So as not to appear too dazzled by the boy’s skill, Wendy made a play of looking around the galley. 
‘I see no foxes.’
‘Probably it only works out there.’ said Peter, and he gestured beyond the deck, ‘Off the ship.’
‘That must be it.’ said Wendy, ‘I’m sure of it.’
Peter, though, wasn’t really tuned to sarcasm. And nor did he appreciate the things Wendy had spoken of. The girl didn’t know it yet, but the boy had only a pinprick of an understanding of things like mothers and fathers, and of brothers – irritating or otherwise. The girl’s world of TV and books and films and pop was very different to his own. She loved Spicerhill too. It wasn’t too rough, she told him, and wasn’t too posh. The shops on the high street were great. Neighbours were either friendly or the right kind of weird; certainly, they were never any trouble. At worst, there was old Mr Spielman’s ancient, skipping jazz records. Most days they seeped through the walls from No. 12. But never past 9PM. The truth is, Wendy couldn’t really imagine living anywhere but No. 14. 
If Peter was honest he did feel a strange little lift when Wendy listed her comforts. But, gazing through the window at Neverland, a place literally built for adventure, surely nobody would swap it for something like a TV show or a mother? And besides, most of those things he could provide. She’d talked of school, of exams – university maybe – and a job. But no, concluded the boy, she would see sense. He was sure of it. Above everything, there was her connection with Hook. That had been the most wonderful stroke of luck. Priceless. He couldn’t let that go. Wouldn’t let it go. 
She was strong, this Wendy, thought Peter. But another few visits and she’d forget about the world beyond the walls of Neverland: a world where the desk in the classroom was swapped for the one in the office. A place of stocks and shares and rules and red lights. A place in which people like James Hook ruled the waves. Why on earth would someone want to live in that kind of world? It probably never even rained there.
That afternoon, Peter saw Wendy off at the fence. As she left, with a promise to visit the following day, she waggled her phone in the air.
‘I’ll add you on Facebook? Don’t worry, I’ll not drive you mad with it.’
‘I don’t really read books.’ Wendy made a face. 
‘I said Facebook, anyway. Not a book-book.’
‘The London A-Z?’ said Peter, ‘That’s a book-book.’
Wendy saw that further explanation would only add to the confusion. Instead, she asked for the boy’s phone number.
‘I don’t have a phone.’
‘Don’t have a phone?’ said Wendy immediately, ‘How do you do anything? How d’you talk to people, even?’
But the boy offered only a shrug. He didn’t much care for this thing that the girl, on the other hand, seemingly couldn’t live without. 
And it didn’t end there. Peter also had no television. And no favourite film or band. The latter, Wendy confirmed when, sharing a pair of earphones, she made the boy listen to some songs. 
‘This is called Perhaps It’s Just Me. It’s by The Pollen Count. D’you like it?’ And she watched as the boy stared ahead.
‘Not really.’ said Peter, ‘It’s just noise.’
Wendy rolled her eyes. 
Nor did he fancy The Hyphen and the Dash by Definite Articles. ‘What a racket.’ he’d said to Wendy. She’d rolled her eyes at that too, and said ‘You sound just like my mother.’ Even so, as the song played, Wendy boasted about getting the vinyl for her birthday. Coloured, she told the boy. Very rare. ‘Do you play vinyl? No, of course you don’t.’
Soon after, Peter had halted the thing by yanking at his half of the earphones.
 ‘Cool.’ said Wendy, watching him. ‘Bored indifference is what I was aiming for.’ Anxious to rescue the situation though, the boy did manage to fake interest in her chatter about being at SpiceFest – in Charlotte Park – that summer. But when she told him of grabbing photos there, with such and such a bass player or drummer, it had made him jealous and angry. Even Peter, though, knew to keep quiet about his own contribution to the festival: of firing, from the crow’s nest, pellets into the crowd. They barely made it past Neverland’s fence, of course. But even so, it was an incident best kept to himself.
The girl got herself ready to leave. 
‘Look at all the gunk on this thing.’ Wendy held the earphones by their wire. And at arm’s length too. Your ears are dirtier than Paddington Bear’s. Disgusting.’
‘Who’s Paddington Bear?’ said the boy.
‘Oh for God’s sake.’ said Wendy. ‘He’s one of the most famous bears in the world. He’s from Darkest Peru. Marmalade? Film out next month?’ She pointed at her coat, then ran a hand down the row of toggles. ‘Wears a thing a bit like this?
The internet? It too had happened only for other people. Peter’s world, as far as Wendy could work out, appeared to extend as far as Neverland’s metal fence and his – admittedly very cool – knowledge of the London A-Z. 
He’d even claimed not to know the date of his own birthday. Although Wendy didn’t really believe him – that was, she concluded, acting just too aloof to be authentic – she did play along and make him agree to share Nana’s birthday. January 8th. That way they could have a party, of sorts, to chase away the post-Christmas blues. The best she got from him on this front, though, was another of his shrugs. And a nod. But at least she now felt more or less safe around him. 

***

From Old Valhalla Road to Spicerhill High Street, kindly afternoon rain had scrubbed the pavements clean of Ws. And of the pubs’ chalkboards, only the Fallen Angel’s still bore the letters. Wendy stood beside the board. From the drain opposite the adjoining launderette she caught gurgles and warm wafts of soap powder and fabric softener.
From the bar emerged a couple in their early twenties. Wendy recognised them from their frequent visits to Foxtrot, and from their column in the Spicerhill Echo. Via the pen names Bunty and Misty, the young women wrote pub and restaurant reviews for the paper’s Spice of Life weekend pullout. She looked away.
‘Perhaps the greatest toad in the hole I have ever been served in a public house.’ said one half. Wendy couldn’t recall if this was Bunty or Misty.
‘Yes.’ said the other, ‘It’s not hysterical to state that was the le meilleur de tout les temps of any toads in any holes.’
The Fallen Angel’s chef – irritated at the compliment he was clearly meant to hear – stood smoking just a few feet away. If Wendy could manage to recall that French phrase, it would be one for the Overheard in Spicerhill blog. Using the pseudonym Nutmeg, she sometimes contributed to it. Other entries included:
Location: Swings at Charlotte Park
Overheard: Felix, listen to mummy. You can have raisins or a rice cake. But not both. 
Location: Spicerhill High Street
Overheard: I like Spicerhill. It’s earthy. People say it’s being slowly gentrified, but try finding anywhere that sells freshly baked olive focaccia. It’s a fool’s errand. 
Location: Pavement tables at Zenzero restaurant (speaker was part of the Visit Spicerhill website creative team, and was reading potential site text)
Overheard: Imagine the world’s greatest artists, thinkers and philosophers had been asked to create a corner of London like no other. And thus: Spicerhill.
The couple moved on, probably missing out on the chef’s two-word response to their review. Wendy stared at her shoes for a while. Then, to look less suspicious, she sent herself a text. On receiving the message, her phone made a little pinging sound. Even though the chef remained engrossed in his own screen, she quickly silenced the thing. Then, after pretending to read the message, she nodded, smiled and fired another one away. 
It was a nuisance all this, but it wouldn’t do to be seen meddling with the board. So Wendy tapped out another text. But then, in answer to a call from the bar, he did move, the chef. And when he’d nipped his cigarette between his fingers and stowed it for later, Wendy was free to scuff the chalk out with the backs of her shoes. The Mystery of the Spicerhill Ws, she hoped, would disappear just as easily.
Outside Frampton’s newsagent the Spicerhill Echo’s headline board read Sauna puts the spice in Spicerhill (every week, according to the Echo, something, somewhere – from a new Indian takeaway to an affair of the heart – was putting the spice in Spicerhill). On the following Monday, though, the board would, ambitiously, read Who? Why? What? Whole world watches as weird ‘W’ incident puts Spicerhill on mystery map. 
Despite the newspaper’s best efforts, most locals attributed it all to a student prank. 
Online, however, alien invasion theories would rage for months. Suspicion fell also on supporters of any localish football team beginning with W: Watford, say, or West Ham Or the two Walthams: Abbey and Forest. And when, a short time later that season, Spicerhill Rovers had travelled to Weddlefield Albion for the Capital Cup, sticks of chalk had rained down on the visiting support. The Treaclers, though – Rovers had been founded in 1876 by men from the treacle line at the old Tarterfield Sugar Refinery – had at least won the tie.
Almost home, Wendy began shuffling away at what remained of the yellow W on the corner of the high street and Lilybank Road. But then she had a change of heart and left it there. On her walk to No. 14, though, she made sure the boy hadn’t left his mark anywhere else. He hadn’t. 
From her coat, Wendy fished out her keys. The huge one, for the storm door that nobody used, snagged on something and pulled it out of her pocket. It fell, whatever it was, onto the doormat. Even below the dirty porch light Wendy saw that on the mat lay the seven of hearts from Peter’s deck. How on earth had he managed that? She stepped into the house and shouted a hello. 
Mr and Mrs Darling had spied the Ws – they could hardly miss them – and at the dinner table that night the family teased Wendy, calling her that little vandal.
After dinner Wendy slipped out to the garden. There she shovelled up handfuls of earth and smeared them across the trunk of the cherry tree. The creamy letters of her name sank a little into the wood. With a bit of luck no one had noticed them.
That night Wendy fell asleep with the boy’s card in her hand. Eventually it fell to the floor and in the morning she pinned it on her corkboard, next to a photo of Nana.
The boy? He amused himself for a while on the rigging, tumbling across it this way and that, then leaping from mast to mast. And later that night, when he played his tune again, this time the foxes did assemble on the decks of the Gargoyle.

15. Cross My Heart
Sunday October 19th 2014

Wendy spent the next afternoon in Neverland. She had travelled there on a lie, spinning some flannel to her mother about visiting the imaginary Samantha. She’d mentioned, Wendy, ice skating and burgers and boys. But she’d regretted it instantly. It only complicated things. It was the third of that Sunday’s lies. The first had concerned the charm bracelet on her wrist. 
‘I found it in the park.’ said Wendy to her mother. Mrs Darling’s hand beckoned it across the lunch table. 
‘Pretty.’ said her mother. 
‘Cheap.’ said her father. 
‘Well I like it.’ said Wendy. 
You should hand it in to the park keepers.’ said Mr Darling. 
‘It’s just a tin thing.’ said Wendy. ‘Cheap. Like you said.’
‘But it might mean something to someone. Anyway, it’s bad luck to keep something that’s not yours. Bad luck and bad form.’
‘I’ll hand it back’ said Wendy. Then she crossed her fingers to cancel out the lie. She didn’t feel great about the lies. But what could she do? The free reign she enjoyed wouldn’t stretch as far as Neverland. Luckily the conversation moved on: something about a friend of John’s, a metal detector and a Roman coin. 
Through a mist of rain, hardly enough to trouble an umbrella, Wendy stopped just once. It was on Gosling Street, and to meddle with the bracelet’s clasp. Her mother hadn’t fastened the thing quite correctly. From across the way, Asha from school gave her a nod. To the beat of a bouncing netball Wendy lied again. This time she was on her way to visit an aunt. And yes, it would be good to get together soon. And, again, yes, it had been a long time.
It was a relief when she at last turned onto the wasteground. From there she could slip through the railway arch and away from people’s questions. 
On the tunnel walls, the chalked Ws had barely survived the night. Stretching, Wendy wiped, with a tissue, some of the most stubborn ones away. The rest, she concluded, would be all but gone by morning. As she squeezed through the gap in the fence, Tink emerged from behind the funhouse. Wendy pulled out a handful of Nana’s biscuits and placed them on the ground.
Leaning lazily against the clown’s head, Peter was waiting for her, his ear clamped to the watch on his wrist. 
‘Still ticking?’ asked Wendy.
‘Still ticking.’
Wendy pointed to the funhouse steps. ‘I want to go in there. Now.’
The boy looked to where Wendy was pointing. Then he marched towards the steps. 
‘Hang on.’ said Wendy. ‘Not when it’s not all lit up or whatever. I meant when it’s switched on.’
‘I’ll give it a shot,’ said Peter. And as he took a sharp left, he pulled his knife from the jester on the wall. ‘But it might not work.’ 
The boy had disappeared around the back of the ride, and when Wendy caught up with him he was stood on a bin, unscrewing, with the blade, the cover of a rusty old metal box. Bolted to the wall the box was, and from its summit thick cables ran up, and then through, the brickwork. Wendy stood by the bin and watched Peter, the box’s cover clamped between his knees, messing around with the nest of wires inside. 
‘That looks – spectacularly – dangerous. Could you stop it?’
‘I thought you wanted it switched on.’ said Peter, and then he continued whispering little instructions to himself, ‘This should go here and this one, it goes here...’ 
But then the boy yelped, and as his body stiffened, the lid and the knife hit the ground. Then Peter, still frozen in a pose, collapsed too. Immediately, Wendy was upon him, and in short order, Tink scooted out from around the corner. Only when the girl whipped out her phone, did the boy’s eyes open wide.
‘Fooled you.’
‘That wasn’t funny. At all.’ Wendy rose.
‘Where are you going?’ called out Peter.
‘Home.’ said Wendy. And she didn’t look back. Peter, though, waited for a couple of seconds. He waited, specifically, until Wendy would be passing the funhouse entrance. And at that moment he grabbed the switch that sat above the box and yanked it. It took the boy two shots to pull the thing down properly, but when he drove it home, and it clicked into place, the hum of electricity immediately radiated out from the box. Out front, dozens of coloured bulbs zinged on with a fizz. Wendy hated herself for it. But she had to admit it: he’d done it again. 
When Peter emerged, he found Wendy at the funhouse steps. A flashing arrow-shaped sign was pointing the way in, and to stop the girl snapping any more shots of it he said ‘C’mon. You’ll love it in here.’
‘I’m not going in there with that thing.’ said Wendy, and she pointed at the knife Peter had fastened into his waistband. The boy slid the blade out. Then he spun it in the air. Catching it, he offered it to Wendy. He even made sure to present it to her handle-first. 
‘Have a shot.’ said Peter, and he nodded to the jesters and clowns on the funhouse wall. Wendy stepped closer to the paintings, then, as if connecting a dot-to-dot puzzle, she traced her fingertips across the dozens of wounds the boy had made,
‘Try it from here.’ called out Peter. With his foot he dragged a line across the dirt. Wendy walked back and behind it. Then the boy nodded to the knife in Wendy’s hand. ‘Get a feel for its weight and balance.’ said Peter. ‘Then just draw your arm back and launch it.’
‘Or, I could stab you in the back.’ said Wendy.
‘There is that too.’ 
Wendy flattened her hand out, gauging the makeup of the weapon: how it tipped and reacted against even the subtle movements of her wrist. Then she looked just once at the figures ahead before burying the blade square between the eyes of a clown. What a sound the thing had made, and when she jogged – adrenaline calling the shots – to the painting, the handle was blurred and still throbbing from the impact. 
What a girl thought Peter. But it wouldn’t do to appear too impressed. So he tempered his praise with impressive-sounding advice about Wendy’s stance and throwing arc: nonsense that the girl, on her way into the funhouse, silently dismissed. 
Through the huge gap-toothed mouth of a clown went Peter and Wendy. And when the boy, from inside the ticket booth, switched on the music, the distorted sounds of an organ blasted out from a row of loudspeakers. Then, shocked at being called upon, they detached from their fixings and swung, as if lynched, from wires in the walls.
‘Is this place safe?’ said Wendy, and with her hand she reached out and steadied the nearest speaker. 
‘Absolutely not.’ said Peter.
‘Excellent. Carry on.’ 
A path, bordered on each side by dozens more coloured bulbs, had led them to a bank of mirrors. These twisted and warped their reflections. ‘That’s how Hook’s going to look when I’ve flattened him.’ said Peter, pointing at Wendy in a mirror. ‘Or maybe I’ll stretch him out like this on a rack.’ and the boy leapt opposite a glass that pulled at him so he looked ten feet tall. 
Further on, a set of moving stairs lifted them up then lowered them down. Such was the curious motion of the thing that Wendy couldn’t work out if she was making any progress at all. 
‘This is so weird.’ shouted Wendy above the music. ‘I love it.’
‘I thought you would.’
Eventually they made it to the next level. Here, she and Peter lost themselves in a devious maze made from mirrors. The boy knew the way out and he scooted swiftly between the glass. And when Wendy emerged a minute or so later he made a show, Peter, of checking his watch and yawning. 
Next they were faced with a long, straight corridor. Its purple and black walls narrowed with each step. They seemed to be twisting too, the walls, like a corkscrew, because at one end a massive, colourful spiral was spinning. Overhead, lights blinked on and off, and all the while that crippled organ tune kept playing. 
Bouncing from wall to wall, Wendy wobbled to the spiral, dodging a couple more speakers that, like those at the entrance, dangled from their cables. As she got closer and closer to the spiral’s centre, from nowhere a clown rose to meet her. Wendy screamed. Beckoned for the first time in years, the jolt then caused the clown’s head to snap back and bounce at her feet. She screamed again. Then she plunged through a trapdoor and onto a chute – wide, and coloured red like a tongue – it protruded from a clown’s face and spat both she and Peter back into the October afternoon. 
‘That was brilliant!’ said Wendy. And she meant it. ‘Kathy would love a shot on this.’ Kathy Cooper often sat next to Wendy in English. Nice girl. She and Wendy sometimes took lunch together. Peter, though, was shaking his head. He stood up.
‘You mustn’t tell anyone about this place. Not just the funhouse. The whole place. I mean it. Have you said anything to anyone?’
Wendy shrugged and made a face. ‘Fine. I wasn’t going to tell her anyway. I just said that she’d like the ride.’ She rose and dusted her dress down. ‘And no, I haven’t said anything to anyone.’
‘It’s just that...’ He searched for precisely the correct words. ‘If other people come here they’ll ruin everything. It won’t be a secret anymore. It won’t,’ and inside he smiled at conjuring up his next line, ‘be our secret anymore.’
‘It’s OK.’ said Wendy, a bit irritated and really not falling at all for his greetings-card hokum. ‘I get it. I won’t tell anyone. Cross my heart,’ and over her chest she swished a cross, ‘hope to die.’
They trudged from the chute and Peter, eager to sweeten the newly soured atmosphere, tried to start the dodgem cars up. He threw the switch back and forth, blew on it, the way people do, then finally gave the electrical box a flying kick. But he was out of luck. Instead, at Wendy’s request they walked twice around the Gargoyle’s moat. Like a little Olympian, Tink ran round and round the trench. Then Peter chucked a pebble out towards the carousel and the dog scurried out after it. With the boy distracted, Wendy took photos of the painted creatures that decorated the moat wall. Above a telltale knee-high waterline they stared – jellyfishes, sharks and cross-eyed octopuses – waiting, hopelessly, for a summer season, and for water, and for paddling children to return. Peter wasn’t keen for Wendy to use her camera, her phone – whatever that thing was – but even he knew better than to complain about it right now.
To make up for the dodgems, the boy got the carousel going. He sat on a lion that Wendy instantly named Lancelot. She perched beside him on a tiger. She called that one Guinevere. She had, after all, been reading the Arthurian legends recently. There, still in the centre of the ride, sat that handful of coins she'd dropped on her first night. She could have scooped them up, but it kind of felt like they belonged here. And besides, a search on the internet had confirmed they were worth mere pennies.
Wendy called out, her voice rising above the carousel music and the machinery below. ‘I asked my dad about Hook today.’ She had dropped, deliberately, the respectful Mr.
‘Great. What did he say?’
‘Well,’ said Wendy, ‘not that much really, ‘He just said he’s always been OK with him. Then my brother spilt a glass of squash on the lunch table and that was that.’
‘Ah.’ said the boy. It wasn’t much use. It was no use at all, actually. His hands tightened around the lion’s neck. Why the hell did her brother have to spill a drink? But then he loosened his grip; at least the girl had done the thing unprompted. 
‘What on earth is that?’ asked Wendy. With the carousel revolving, she turned, eager to keep the criss-cross of metal slats in her eyeline. 
‘That thing? It’s the rollercoaster.’ said Peter. ‘What did you think it was?’
‘I know that.’ said Wendy. ‘I mean those things underneath it. Come on. Show me. And watch out for that floorboard.’ She hopped off the tiger and stumbled for a few steps. 
‘There is no floorboard.’ said Peter.
‘Yeah, that’s what I meant.’ The boy was hard work sometimes. 
Peter stepped across the gap and caught up with Wendy. Then they marched towards the coaster and away from the squeaks and dunts of the carousel. 
‘This is what I was saying about.’ said Wendy. She was pointing at an oblong shape beneath a filthy old tarpaulin. 
‘Take a look.’ said Peter, and as he helped her lift the cover away, the pools in the creases emptied, and the rainwater found its route to the ground. 
‘Wow. Look at this.’ said Wendy. They were staring, she and the boy, at half a dozen old prams. On huge spoked wheels, and in a neat line, they stood. Folding hoods hung across each of their metal carriages. And thanks to being covered over, they were in great condition. When Wendy got closer, she saw they had been tied together. Fastening one pram to the other were nuts and bolts and odd lengths of string and cord. ‘It looks just like a train.’ said Wendy.
‘It is. Sort of.’ said Peter. He ambled across and gave the pram at the rear of the convoy a shove. The contraption shunted and rattled and kangarooed, reluctantly, a couple of feet. ‘I thought I’d try and make a carriage for the track.’ and the boy kicked out at one of the slats beneath the coaster. It snapped in two, and for a moment a gentle puff of orange swelled into the air. Cautiously, Wendy gave another one of the supports a shake. It was solid enough, but left a stripe of that same orange colour across her palm.
‘Yeah. I think I’ll give this ride a miss.’ said Wendy. 
‘I can’t get the power on, anyway.’ said the boy. ‘But I thought I could at least drag a few prams up the first hill – that one there – then jump in.’
Wendy shot the boy a dubious look. The rollercoaster – the Divebomber – was all steep climbs and twists. Quite how Peter would ever even mount the thing on the track, never mind pull it up to that first summit, she couldn’t tell. 
A small plaque on each pram was stamped with the maker’s mark. They’d been made, all of them, by the Charrington Carriage Company of Stretford, Lancashire. Four of the prams were model Pegasus, and the two larger, making up the top and tail, were called The Lullaby. ‘Probably worth a fortune,’ said Wendy. She snapped a few photos. The boy held his peace. ‘If you like, I could try and sell them for you.’ said Wendy, ‘On eBay maybe. Gumtree, actually, might be better. I’ll see if there’s any on there right now.’
‘On a tree?’
‘It’s a thing like an auction.’ then she shut her eyes tight and took a deep breath, ‘It doesn’t matter. Where did you get them?’
‘Oh, they were just here and there.’ said Peter, ‘It’s amazing what people leave lying around.’
Wendy began jabbing at her phone. Peter, naturally, understood nothing of this. And it showed. ‘There’s a few on there,’ said Wendy, and she held the phone up, ‘but they’re much later ones. And they’re not in that great nick, most of them. None as good as these.’ She put her phone away. ‘How did you get them over the fence?’
The boy shrugged. ‘Ropes and planks. They come apart. The top bit unclips, so it wasn’t so hard.’
‘If I had a baby, this,’ and she pointed at The Lullaby, ‘is the very pram I’d want.’
‘Baby.’ snorted the boy, ‘Don’t talk daft.’
‘Didn’t I tell you I’m pregnant?’ said Wendy, ‘Off of that man on the telly,’ But she made such a bad job of the lie – hardly completing it for laughing – that Peter didn’t even begin believing it. She grabbed at the first pram’s handle and pushed the thing for a few steps, swerving in and out of imagined obstructions. ‘It’d be a nightmare trying to get around, though. I know for a fact you wouldn’t get any of these between Zenzero’s tables and the phone box. Or even along the bus shelters. Nightmare. Absolute nightmare. Even worse if you were off your tree on gin.’
‘Can you stop pushing that thing?’ said Peter. Wendy rolled her eyes. 
 ‘With pleasure.’ and she shoved the thing towards him. He let it roll past. ‘I need to get going anyway.’
Before Wendy headed home, they covered the prams once more with the tarpaulin. With the light fading and the hypnotising carousel music still casting a spell, Wendy couldn’t help but concede that the boy lived in a truly magical place. It wasn’t surprising, really, that he wanted it kept a secret. 
From behind the funhouse, a squad of foxes emerged. Off to dine on scattered chips, they trotted out towards the fence. They should stay, thought Wendy, here in Neverland. Safe from cars. Safe also from the looping kicks of the drunks that reeled from The Second Star, the only pub within stumbling distance. 
‘Oh, that one has a bandaged leg.’ said Wendy. ‘How did that happen?’
‘I found her bleeding yesterday,’ said Peter, ‘so I patched her up.’
‘Well done you.’ said Wendy. She squeezed the boy’s arm. Then through the gap they went, the foxes, each question-mark of a tail vanishing in one graceful swoosh. Wendy counted them all out and Peter promised her he would be there to count them all back in again. 
If she could, Wendy would have wrapped this precise moment up in a parcel. That way she could keep it safe, and on gloomier days it’d be there for her to open again.
The dressing? The boy had applied that, earlier in the day, to his favourite. The fox he called Rose. The one who’d followed Wendy home on the first night they’d met. Already, with each scavenging step, the bandage was working itself loose. Concealing no wound at all, it had served its purpose of pulling the girl a little deeper into Peter’s plans.

16. The Mermaid
Sunday October 19th 2014

The rain that had hurried Wendy’s walk from Neverland to No. 14 had also hastened Hook from Canning Town station. Now he sat damp and alone in The Mermaid. Close to the water in Newham, The Mermaid wasn’t the kind of place where strangers like Hook would normally be spotted. In its day it had been a bar for dock workers and sailors. And even now, as if lured by the Thames’ own sirens, those ex-dockers and seamen continued gathering here. As he’d entered the bar, Hook, the chatter – of bloody governments, of blind referees and reluctant rosebushes – had momentarily halted.
Amid dirty looks from the locals, Hook, eventually served, had asked for a green ginger wine. ‘The Snapdragon brand if you carry it.’
‘If we’ve got any it’ll be Emerald Imp.’ growled the barman. ‘Don’t stock Snapdragon.’ And he bent into that nook where bars keep their lesser-loved, rarely requested bottles.
‘And two glasses.’ said Hook sweetly, ‘If you stock them.’
Moments later the ancient, half-empty bottle was on the bar: a thud in response to the quip about two glasses. For £10, Hook was told, he was free to finish the lot. 
It sat, now, the bottle, on a scratched and scored wooden table. A short distance away, bolted to a wall, a large television showed a football match: a team in red versus a team in blue-and-white. In an attempt to blend in, Hook stole cursory glances at the screen. But when it came to football, his interest extended to World Cups only. World Cups were temporary. It was easy to root for a nation. Easy to pull from a bowl or a box an entire country and to join, as he had this summer, the workplace sweepstake. Costa Rica he’d ended up with, enduring catcalls and ribbing about selecting such a lowly team. But after a couple of matches he’d been advised of that nation’s surprising progress. From there, Hook had actually looked out for the results, checking their journey all the way to the quarter-finals. But clubs? They were complicated. All affiliations and history, brand-new centre-forwards and never-ending seasons.
Despite the prominent Push sign, a man with a scarred cheek pulled at the bar door. It rattled against the lintel. A crack in the glass panel suggested this was a common occurrence. He rested a large suitcase at the bar, the man, then asked for a whisky, and also the time. But the way he wrapped that second query – loudly, more like an announcement than a casual question – and the fact that he knocked his tumbler from the bar-top a few moments later stank, to Hook, of the setting-up of an alibi. Immediately, his imagination ran riot: Two friends. Three drinks. One knife. Hook placed a corpse in a flat somewhere. Or resting below water in one of the docks. Stones stuffed into its pockets. Nibbled at by fish. 
Perhaps, thought Hook, the victim was jammed inside that tatty tartan suitcase. Then he saw a detective quizzing the barman. And then he heard the barman telling the detective that yes, he did remember the suspect in the photo, actually. How could you forget that scar? Those eyebrows. It was seven minutes past seven when he’d entered. How could he be so precise? Easy. The man had asked him the time. It was definitely him. He’d dropped his glass, you see, at the bar, and had made a fuss of cleaning up the mess himself. 
Or maybe, conceded Hook, he was just a clumsy man with no watch and a train to catch.
Inside the TV set, someone scored. Someone cheered. Someone drained a full third of a pint and stormed out. Then the full-time whistle sounded and someone cheered again. And someone swore again. 
There, in his kind of no-man’s land of a corner, Hook nodded at the result as if it meant something to him. But really he longed only to correct, with that fountain pen of his, the misspelled note on the wall. At an angle it had been slapped, and it read Not working dont use nuts at bar–managment. An arrow below the words pointed to a PubNuts! vending machine, its front caved in, presumably by the fist of someone diddled out of £2.20. 
Hook, though, left the notice alone. Instead he poured himself a glass. It helped keep the cold out, ginger wine. It went to his head quickly too, far quicker than rum. After another large swig, Hook found himself at peace, and for a few moments he asked himself if this was all a man needed to be happy: the glow of ginger and the joy of eavesdropping: 
‘Best crop of onions in years.’
‘Didn’t he end up in Pentonville? Or was that his brother? No. It was his cousin.’
‘Frost damage to my marrows. In mid-October!’
‘So I told him straight: it was like that when I borrowed it.’
‘Maybe. But Karl Marx pretty much said the opposite of that.’
‘A toad as big as an apple – just sat there in my strawberry patch.’
But then he remembered. He was Jas. Hook. These were fine fellows, although rough. But they were simple souls. Not for them the ambition and drive that truly great men possessed. Why, he thought, be ordinary, when one could be fascinating and fabulous? He gazed through the rafters of the old pub, and he watched himself, dressed to the nines, kneeling as a woman in a crown gently lowered a sword. Arise Sir James.
‘Why on earth have you brought me here?’ William Jukes’ leather-bound accent and Savile Row suit cancelled Hook’s ceremony in the sky. He’d balked at Hook’s text message and resented being dragged from the centre. Jukes, you see, liked to be surrounded by money. Either actual currency or moneyed people. Here, in The Mermaid, however, he found himself in the vicinity of neither. His very presence, and his bellowed question had halted the bar talk – something about red phone boxes – for a few uneasy seconds too. Hook gestured, subtly, for calm and Jukes, after flicking and fussing at the surface of his chair, reluctantly sat.
‘Why here?’ hissed Jukes below the rising chatter. 
‘I thought it would be a good joke.’ said Hook. 
‘Well, it’s about as funny as a gas bill.’ And the way Jukes pronounced ‘gas’ made it rhyme with ‘yes’. 
Hook threw back yet another glass of ginger. ‘Why here? Because it’s a proper bar. A bar for a man with brine squalling through his veins.’
‘Ever the dramatist.’
Hook waved Jukes’ words away and helped himself to another drink. ‘Meum corest in mare.’
‘Yes Hook, My heart belongs to the sea.’ sniffed Jukes. ‘Your liberal use of blazer-badge Latin may impress the rabble but it butters no parsnips with me.’ 
‘I was actually rather fond of the Latin on my blazer badge.’ said Hook, ‘Amour de la bonte. So I’ll take it as a compliment.’
‘Love of goodness.’ said Jukes, ‘That’s a motto you can keep. On my blazer it was Ad altiora tendo.’ And Jukes, fearing that Hook might beat him to the translation, blurted the thing out. ‘I strive towards higher things. That’s a maxim to live by. And it’s stood me in great stead, I can tell you.’
This kind of intellectual sparring was typical of the two. But what Jukes had said was true. Hook’s grasp of the language extended only to blunt, rehearsed mottos from pocket books:
Per ardua ad astra
Through adversity to the stars
Aut inveniam viam aut faciam
I shall either find a way or make one
Memento mori
Remember that you have to die
Hook hid these phrases in his head. Then, like a conjurer, he whipped them out at appropriate moments. But could he ask, in Latin, for the mundane? For a pint of ale? A newspaper? Or for a single to Manchester? No, he could not. Indeed, Jukes, who really was fluent in Latin, would sometimes annoy Hook by seamlessly switching between the two languages mid-sentence.
So Hook bit his tongue and nodded at the bottle. ‘Try some of this.’ Jukes swiped a channel of dust from the glass. Then he shook his head. ‘I’m driving.’ He declined offers of juice and lemonade too. But Hook insisted. It didn’t do to sit barren in a pub; you had to locate yourself behind a glass of something. Bad form not to. Hook rose. And Jukes, for the moment, was left alone.
With the match finished, and everyone largely ignoring the analysis of the pundits, a barman, tottering dangerously on a stool, reached up to the TV and changed channels. A quiz show was in full flow. Jukes, keen to attach himself to at least a semblance of intellectual activity, shifted around for a better view.
Which Egyptologist discovered the entrance to the tomb of Tutankhamun, in the Valley of the Kings, in November 1922?
‘Howard Carter.’ said Jukes instantly – and just loudly enough to demonstrate his knowledge to the closest patrons. Hook returned from the bar and placed a soda water on the table. Noting Jukes’ subtle change of angle, he turned to the TV and quickly read the question and its four possible answers. Alongside Carter were offered Frank Lloyd Wright, Cecil Beaton, and Edmund Hillary.
‘Howard Carter.’
‘As I too responded.’ said Jukes, annoyed that Hook had also answered correctly. Leaving the contestant’s response (also Howard Carter) on a cliff-edge, the advert break permitted the men to return to their business.
‘It is,’ said Jukes – and he had the gall to feel magnanimous about it – ‘like you say, a proper pub at least. A bit like – what’s it called – where the Latin Society had its get-togethers. At university.’
 ‘The Golden Ash.’ said Hook, and he imagined the place now as he knew it then: rowdy with highbrow debate and peppered with professors and their half-pints of ale.
‘Exactly. The Golden Ash. On Borthwick Road.’ 
He watched, Jukes, a pint of something dark being poured. From a place he couldn’t see: a shrill cackle, and the noise of glass being disposed of. It tried his nerves. ‘The last time I was compelled to visit a bar,’ said Jukes, ‘you couldn’t move for hordes of skinny, bearded young men – mewing babies strapped to their chests – enquiring after fish fingers and chicken nuggets.’ And he decorated, of course, those last two words with little mid-air rabbit ears. Then he turned to Hook, ‘Used to be about beer, pubs. Beer. Or gin if that was your thing. Now they reek of vinegar and cheap ketchup. In the gents? Pull-down shelves for nappy changing.’
It was a curious fact then that, despite everything – despite the ill-spelled notices and the curse-filled air – here in The Mermaid, where you’d be lucky to find a locking door and a roll of tissue in the gents, Jukes had somehow rapidly established a weird affinity.
‘And at the bar itself?’ said Hook, ‘Blackboards hawking,’ and he wrapped the next two words in a sigh, ‘herbal teas.’
Hook began supplementing this complaint. But Jukes, with a raised hand, put a stop to it. He’d heard, several times, Hook’s spiel about the fact that herbal teas were in fact infusions and not teas at all. And he didn’t care to hear it again. 
On the TV, the quiz had advanced.
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the serpentine monster with nine heads?
‘Hydra.’ said Hook, delighted to have stolen a march on the Classics scholar at his table.
‘Vanquished by Hercules.’ added Jukes. ‘Or Heracles, should you prefer. The second of either’s twelve labours.’
‘Where were we?’ said Hook, keen to deflect from Jukes’ showboating. ‘I’ve lost the thread.’
‘Unlike Theseus and Ariadne.’ said Jukes, grateful for the chance to pile it on even thicker. But then even he grew tired of the sparring and moved on. ‘I believe we were complaining about pubs. And, more widely, the nation in general.’ 
 ‘Correct. Things just haven’t been the same in this country,’ said Hook, ‘since the buses stopped giving you change.’
‘Stopped giving you change?’ snorted Jukes, ‘I’m told they don’t even take cash now. And don’t talk to me about barbers either. I imagined the game was up when mine installed a spa chair.’
Hook shook his head. 
‘I persisted for a while, though.’ said Jukes, ‘Give a man a chance and all that. But then, when they stuck a sign in the window offering eyebrow threading, whatever that is, they lost me.’
An incorrect answer (the griffin) had despatched the quiz show hopeful. Now, bedding-in a new contestant, a series of far easier questions would begin. Questions unworthy, both men silently agreed, of their attention.
‘We walk, I suspect, in the shadow of the end days.’ said Hook, and when he held in his hands his head, Jukes noticed for the first time the bandage.
‘What on earth happened there?’ And, careful not to touch it, Jukes motioned to the injury with his straw.
‘It’s a long story,’ answered Hook, ‘and one not worth recounting. It revolves around canis lupus familiaris.’
‘A dog?’
Hook nodded. ‘And a bell.’
‘Tintinabulum? How odd.’
‘It is rather.’ admitted Hook, and he topped up his glass, sloshing wine as he went. Irritated, Jukes grabbed a beer mat and marshalled the liquid from his half of the table. It began to trickle onto the carpet. Hook rose, and at the bar he asked for a cloth. Jukes meddled with his phone. But then, with the simpler questions expended, the television pulled him in again. 
Which iconic North American structure began construction in January 1933?
The Golden Gate Bridge, thought Jukes. It certainly wasn’t any of the Flatiron Building, the Gateway Arch or the Hollywood Sign. He prepared to gazump the returning Hook. But as he approached the table, Hook called out. ‘We’ve just to let it drip.’ 
‘Not a massive surprise.’ Before Jukes could follow-up with the answer, however, Hook glanced at the TV. ‘That would be the Golden Gate Bridge.’ 
Irritated, Jukes at last put away his phone, ‘Let’s press on. I’m booked for 8:30 at Emporia.’
Hook hunched down now and he began speaking in animated whispers. But Jukes, spying an opportunity for a spot of one-upmanship, particularly in light of this quiz business, cut him off. 
‘D’you know Emporia?’ and without giving Hook space to respond, Jukes went on, ‘Well, it’s desperately challenging to acquire a table, of course. Same crowd behind Naff. The cocktail place.’ And when Hook, who really wasn’t at all fascinated by cocktails or the bars in which they were constructed and served, said nothing, Jukes mistook this for three things: awe and wonder and permission to continue. ‘Off Turret Square is Naff. It’s where the Velenosa was concocted. It was almost Cocktail of the Year in 2012, you know.’
‘I’m not a great one for cocktails,’ said Hook, his words and manner visibly winding back for some kind of grand broadside, ‘but I am a face at Char. Know it? No? It’s a tea emporium in Shoreditch. Members only. My blender, Crichton Gore – of Gore of Mayfair – has a hand in it.’ Then, with the heavy artillery represented by members only expended, Hook summoned the second wave. ‘I’ve known Crichton for years, of course. We’re like that.’ And Hook demonstrated this close relationship by crossing one finger over another. ‘Secured him his shop, actually. Years ago. Long before he won Blender of the Year half-a-dozen times.’ 
Here, Hook was trading on Gore’s media status: he was the go-to face for any documentary, feature or article about tea generally and tea blending specifically.
‘Well Naff is revered the world over for its beverages.’ hit back Jukes. ‘And they’re not quite the variety one dunks a custard cream into.’
To end the thing, Hook finally gifted Jukes the impressed expression he required. Then he pushed ahead.
‘So, we’re almost there with...’
‘The fairground?’ finished Jukes.
Hook ducked even lower. ‘Loose lips sink ships. But yes, the fairground. My man at...’
‘The council?’ and Hook shushed Jukes again.
‘Yes the council. My chap on the inside...’
‘Smoo? No. What’s the poor soul’s name again? Smee?’ And Jukes, mocking the man, deliberately whistled the ‘S’ of Smee.
‘Yes, Smee!’ shouted Hook. For a moment, a knot of drinkers looked towards the table. Hook lowered his voice once more. ‘Yes, Smee. He’s speaking with,’ and Hook softly sang it out, adding a playground coda to the last word ‘The one who makes things ha-ppen.’
‘When?’ said Jukes. The TV, however, cut in, once more, between them. 
Who was the youngest British Prime Minister?
‘William Pitt.’ said both men instantly. 
‘The Younger.’ added Hook, and in doing so claimed an unspoken victory. Jukes, annoyed, moved things on. 
‘Smee. When?’
 ‘This week. Monday or Tuesday most likely.’
‘The one who makes things ha-ppen,’ and Jukes copied Hook’s melody, ‘presumably is this Mullins?’
‘Yes, Mullins.’ hissed Hook, ‘Who else?’
‘Excellent! Excellent, Jim.’ said Jukes warmly. 
One of Jukes’ most irritating habits, and he had a few, was to take a person’s name and apply to it a form that they themselves never used or were known by. So Harold would become Harry, Jennifer. Jenny and so on. It was Jukes’ way of asserting himself. Hook, though, managed to rise above that jibe, and the one that followed: ‘Yes. Despite university I always knew you were a man who’d go far. Outstanding work.’
Hook smiled. He was quietly furious though at the backhanded compliment. Jukes, you see, had excelled at university. He’d earned a top-notch degree in Classics. Even now, in the sports clubs and debating chambers of Oxford his name remained, elegantly stencilled in gold leaf, upon the ancient and numerous wooden honours boards. 
Hook, on the other hand, had scraped through his studies. He had loaned, on the first day of lectures, a Greek/English dictionary to Jukes. It was an act that had secured Jukes’ assistance, and a lukewarm friendship, for the next four years. Although Jukes grudged the relationship, he felt that maintaining it, even at a paper-thin level, was the honourable thing to do. The mark of a gentleman. And besides, the young Jukes had thought, this Hook might one day, somehow, be of use to him. 
But even with Jukes’ guidance, the exasperated red pen of Hook’s tutors embellished every margin of every essay (this, perhaps was why Hook now favoured the colour himself – if he was the one wielding the red, he was the one wielding the power). 
Around campus, Hook’s taste for opera and formal dress had quickly marked him as an oddball: a trenchcoated weirdo with a floppy hat and a flask of tea. A friendless, fortnightly recipient of parent-sent tuck crates. A cricket ball, his cohort concluded, must have socked the formative Hook on the head, and he’d never been quite right since. 
And perhaps they were correct, Hook’s classmates. There was Maxwell, the most frightful snob, and heir to an agricultural fortune. There was Marjorie Edwards, who longed only to become an MP (and did so). Kibble? He was a prankster who would eventually be put away for stock fraud. And there was Willers, the actor, who’d at least had the guts to pack it all in and head for Los Angeles.
Often Hook would be spied by these characters and others, alone, and punting away on the River Cherwell. When careers fairs had signalled to him the end of the course, it had been a welcome relief. But at the Royal Navy’s recruiting stand Hook’s admission of an abnormal heart rhythm had ended his saltwater dreams. The news had been delivered flatly. And it had felt to Hook like being thrown overboard. That afternoon, back on a punt, he’d cried his eyes out and sailed through until dawn. 
The Army, too, had visited that day, and so had begun Jukes’ formidable military career. Hook, meanwhile, had left only with a gown, a scroll and a photograph to prove it hadn’t all been just a nightmare. And off to Pendulum Properties, his father’s then-modest firm, he had trudged. 
Jukes’ snapping fingers dragged Hook back to the present; back from Oxford and into the business at hand. 
‘Are we done?’
Hook knocked back another glass. ‘It should all be sorted out in a week.’
Jukes slapped a hand upon his phone and wrapped his fingers around it. ‘Hallelujah then. We are released. Go, the mass is ended.’
But Hook wasn’t fooled. Despite his outward distaste for the location, Jukes’ eyes had wandered, not only to that television, but several times also towards the young woman working the opposite end of the Mermaid’s horseshoe-shaped bar. 
Across their conversation Hook had been watching Jukes watching her. He had said nothing of it though; there was fun to be had in Jukes’ clumsy attempts to disguise his fascination. On cue, at every catty laugh, every clank of collected pint pots, Jukes’ eyes would swivel, involuntarily, to the sound, then back again to Hook. 
He knew, you see, Hook, all about what Jukes creepily referred to as ‘A weakness for the rough.’ He’d revealed it, pompously, at one punch-sodden midsummer university ball. And now Hook wondered whether Jukes, despite his marital status, might actually double-back later to try out his charm. Emporia booking or no Emporia booking.
Where does a camel store its water? 
‘In its hump.’ said Jukes loudly. And he looked not only to Hook, but to the pub entire. Then he rose and, strangling those suspicions he’d detected regarding that barmaid, said ‘And next time, let’s meet in your office for God’s sake.’
‘It shall be done.’ said Hook. And then, he thought, I’ll snap up those high street shops and make a fortune. How stupid you are, Jukes, to think I’m doing this as a favour.
But, thought Jukes right back, who’s the stupid one, really? I’ll still have a prime site for my biggest store yet. I couldn’t care tuppence for your tawdry high street landlord plans. How ridiculous you are, Hook.
‘Sanitas bona.’ said Hook, and he raised his tumbler.
‘Bene tibi, amicus meus.’ answered Jukes automatically. 
And the two men clashed together their glasses; Hook’s drained, Jukes’ untouched.
‘Oh Shirley.’ said the quiz host with a wince, ‘It’s what I’d have said too. But a camel – believe it or not – stores water in its bloodstream. I know. Odd, eh? Give her a big hand though. Shirley Drewett goes home to Liverpool, and to husband Danny, and their cat Pepper, £50,000 better off. And that’s not a bad night’s work.’

***

From the Gargoyle’s crow’s nest Peter ignored the cold and watched the stars. The deeper he looked, the more he saw, and the greater his wish to fly between them. Not even the Neverland foxes, weaving their way through the carousel’s menagerie, tempted his eyes from the sky.
Peter didn’t know about things like constellations and the names of stars. So where a book would refer to the Plough, Peter saw the Candle. And where a star map located Andromeda, the boy would instead see the Rocket.
At No. 14, Wendy lay in bed. Not quite asleep, she floated her hand across the nightlight. In Brighton last summer she’d watched a man on the prom making animal shadows. Now she tried constructing a dog. But it didn’t quite work. Instead, she stretched her hand across the lamp and watched the huge, unforgiving black shape silently consume the sleeping boys in their bunks.
Then, bored with shadows, she began joining the tiny dots of light in the sky. Squinting through the curtains she traced, with her finger, shapes in mid-air, each hub zoning in then out as commanded by the on-off phasing of the streetlamp. They didn’t know it of course, but at that precise moment both Wendy and Peter were gazing at the same silver speck. Wendy knew it as the Pole Star. To show off, John called it Ursae Minoris. 
Because of its brightness Peter, though, had always called it the Firefly. But, as he scurried down the ropes, from tonight he would know it by a new name: the Wendybird.
Unaware, the girl in question fell soundly asleep. Beneath her pillow, the soft whistles, words and buzzes from other worlds would keep her safe through the night and greet her in the morning.

17. Know Your Enemy
Wednesday October 22nd 2014

The gleaming black car of James Hook stopped softly opposite Pollet the Stationers. 
The vehicle, a formidable, petrol-thirsty Pepton Epiphette, had been imported by Hook from a dealership in Boston. Attracted by that city’s maritime history, he had holidayed there some years ago. Spying it in the lot, Hook had fallen for the Epiphette’s sleek lines, tasteful upholstery and beautiful chrome detailing. Before sunset he had struck a deal with Larry Romer of Shamrock City Cars. 
There was, however, a problem. As he had walked around the car, tilting his head and nodding the way men do, Hook realised that the Epiphette wasn’t a regular runaround. It was a hearse. But by then it was too late. His heart was set. 
‘Pepton made three models,’ Mr Romer had advised Hook, ‘the Eulogette, the Caskette and this beauty right here,’ he patted its bonnet with a fat hand, ‘the 1955 Pepton Epiphette. Queen of the cortege.’
On the test drive, Larry enthused about the Epiphette’s all-American build quality and smooth-as-silk transmission. Hook had considered himself immune to such sales patter, but then Larry mentioned the existence of another interested party, and his desire had instantly sharpened. 
‘Some young rock band were looking at her this morning.’ Larry had tossed the words around as casually as possible. The calmer the delivery, he knew from experience, the louder those bells that pealed buy me would sound. ‘Want to use her as a tour bus.’ He fell silent for a moment and allowed the bells to ring unopposed. ‘Supposed to be coming back today with their manager. The Last Rites they’re called. One of them had a tattoo of an eye,’ Larry tapped the centre of his forehead, ‘right here. Plain as day. I couldn’t help staring at it. But then, maybe that was the point.’
The story – and it was pure fiction – had done the trick. Moments later Hook struck the deal. He left the showroom with a sense of victory and a Larry made it happen! sticker on his lapel. On the walk back to his hotel though, Hook peeled the badge away, cursing the little circle of residue it had left on the fabric. 
Weeks later, when the car rolled out from a container in Southampton, Hook had driven it immediately to Devenny’s of Camberwell. There, at considerable expense, he had had the vehicle remodelled and now, with rear seats seamlessly fitted, it resembled an elegant, if lanky, American classic. 
People had stared then and they still did now. And who could blame them? Aside from the Epiphette’s length and vintage good looks, its steering wheel – located on the left of course – made it stand out too. Unfooled by Devenny’s surgery, though, squads of goths and emos would pose, in the tiny car park behind Pendulum Properties, for a photograph. Hook grumbled quietly about this, but secretly he was awfully flattered. And besides, Moira had assured him they meant no harm. ‘My niece is a goth, you know’ she’d said, ‘And she wouldn’t say boo to a goose. She volunteers at the local cat shelter too.’ 
On one occasion two girls had left a note on the windscreen: 
Just to let you know – the tyre on the front-right looks like it needs some air. Katie B & Katie P xx. PS: We love your car!
It was here at Pollet where for years Hook had been buying ink for his treasured antique Librettist fountain pen. Pollet was the only stockist, for miles, of Tiger Lily, the imported ink Hook insisted his pen be filled with. Indeed, in just one other shop, the now-closed Birch and sons, across the Thames in Putney, had he ever seen it. Hook could talk for hours of how Tiger Lily ‘flowed fluently upon the page’. He enthused also about its smell, its rubber-corked bottle of brown glass protecting, from the light, the liquid inside and its rippled, hand-pasted label. Unchanged for decades, on the label was printed an illustration of a Native American girl. And above her, the motto Make your mark. To Hook, things like these mattered. 
He sat now, Hook, in the idling Epiphette for a few moments. On the radio, Wednesday Symphony was almost finished. It was a piece he liked but could not name. Inside the shop, Mr Pollet chatted with a woman. Hook watched them as they talked about the weather or the shadow of Christmas or, more likely, politics (Pollet derived from a long line of reasonably high-profile local Communists). Combined with the music, it all became a bit like a film trailer. Especially when Pollet emerged from beyond the counter. He opened the door and the woman, laden with reams of paper, stepped onto the street. Hook watched her for a while. She looked like a writer and he wondered which stories and plots would be locating themselves on those pages. Pollet nodded to him and he nodded back. Then Hook made a mental note to buy several bottles of Tiger Lily before the shop, like many others on the Spicerhill High Street, ceased trading. Indeed, across London, so many businesses had been undone by JukeBox that a new verb had passed into usage: 
‘Did you see that Merriton’s on the Silvergrave Road has gone?’
‘Gone where? Moved?’
‘Not moved. Gone. Closed down.’
‘That shop’s been there since I was this high. What happened? Did he retire?’
‘Retire? Nah. They got Jukeboxed, didn’t they. It’s terrible.’
‘It is. No more Merriton’s.’
‘You do your shopping at JukeBox, don’t you?’
‘So do you.’
An exchange like this rose in Hook’s head and scratched a needle across the symphony. He switched the radio off. But then, one-by-one, visions of tasteful Closing down signs began splatting against Pollet’s windows. He closed his eyes. Then he glanced back at the shop. The signs had vanished, but upon the glass panel above Pollet’s door, in flaky gold, the legend: Est. 1931 seemed to plead with him. Then, as if off his head on some hallucinogenic, he watched the numbers slide from the glass, drip from the wooden frame and burn through the shop’s tiled threshold. He looked away. Damn thing. It wasn’t to be his fault. There was always a cost to doing business. Always. The closure of Pollet would be a hard bargain. But, ink or no ink, it was one he was prepared to pay. And anyway, it was all just market forces. 
Hook stepped out from the Epiphette. He smiled, as he always did, at the gentle sound of its door closing. It was the sound of quality and craftsmanship. It locked, also, with a proper key and not one of those vulgar little remote-control things.
At Pollet, entering and exiting customers were acknowledged with the sharp ting of a bell. Hook, though, had forgotten this detail and as he marched through the door he cowered in fright, fearing that that devil of a dog was prowling around.
‘Everything alright Mr Hook?’ Neat and starched, Arthur Pollet popped up from beneath the counter. He had caught the unmistakeable scent of Hook’s cologne. 
‘Yes, thank you, Mr Pollet. Just the bell.’ and Hook waved his bandaged hand at it. ‘It caught me unawares.’
Pollet nodded to Hook’s hand. ‘Writer’s cramp?’
‘No,’ said Hook, ‘a long story. One I’d rather not repeat.’
‘As is your right, Mr Hook.’ said Mr Pollet, ‘As is your undeniable right.’ He clapped his hands together. ‘Now, what you after? Not more ink surely?’
‘No,’ said Hook, ‘although, you aren’t running low, are you?’
‘Took delivery of a box just yesterday morning, Mr Hook. As long as you still want it, we’ll keep stocking it.’
An unwelcome jab of guilt nagged, once more, at Hook. But it lasted only for an instant. The price will be high, he told himself once more, but so too will be the reward.
‘Too kind.’ said Hook quickly. He was keen to move on, and did. ‘Envelopes.’ he said, ‘Or rather a solitary envelope, although I imagine one must buy them by the dozen or thereabouts?’
‘Certainly not.’ said Pollet, ‘If one is all you require, then one is all you need purchase.’ Then, mocking his own reputation as a local firebrand, he made a fist and held it aloft. ‘Rampant capitalism knows no home here.’
‘Ah, superb.’ said Hook, and he bowed gently.
‘Now: size? Weight? Colour?’
‘Oh about this size.’ and Hook, like a boasting angler, held out his hands until they accommodated the rough length of a twenty-pound note. He’d thought about this, Hook, and it wouldn’t do, you see, to deliver to Mullins the sum in fifties or, worse still, hundreds. Sure, notes of that value would greatly reduce volume, but they also drew way too much attention to a person. 
‘And capable,’ continued Hook, ‘of enclosing a bundle of,’ he searched for an innocent phrase ‘of papers.’ Then, with his thumb and index finger, Hook approximated a couple of inches. But he quickly dropped the act for fear that he was looking like precisely what he was: a man brilliantly describing, charades-style, the mechanics of a bribe. He moved on. ‘A good heavy weight too. And as for colour...’
‘Ivory? Nothing says sophistication like it.’
 ‘This is true.’ said Hook, ‘However, red I think, on this occasion.’
‘Bit early for a valentine.’ said Pollet, teasing. ‘And red ink on red paper won’t catch the lady’s attention. Or the postman’s.’
Thinking quickly, Hook said ‘It’s for a wedding. Something to tuck gift vouchers into. And hand to the happy couple.’ 
‘Understood.’ said Mr Pollet. ‘Now, red.’ And for a moment he paused to think. Then he marched to the wooden shelves – home to every size of paper clip and grade of pencil – that lined the wall opposite. 
‘Slide that thing over here, would you?’ said Pollet. He was pointing at a wheeled ladder across the way. Hook gave it a cautious shove and in a flash Pollet was upon it. Its castors sank safely beneath his weight. Then he stretched to the summit of the shelves and began opening and closing a row of tiny drawers.
‘It needn’t be so terribly fancy.’ said Hook. ‘I didn’t mean for you to engage the ladder.’ The guilt, again, had surfaced. 
‘I actually meant to check our red stock this week anyway.’ said Pollet, ‘What with Christmas on the way.’
‘The inescapable Christmas.’ said Hook. ‘And I’d almost managed to forget it.’
‘Here’s a thing.’ said Pollet, and he held, high in the air, an envelope. ‘I have this superb Carnelian or,’ and he raised his voice as if Hook was somehow suddenly far away, ‘let me see.’ and from another drawer he produced a second envelope. ‘There’s this. Alizarin Crimson. Quite unusual. Can you see it OK? Or perhaps this. Cardinal. I’m sure Cardinal is the shade for you.’
It was. And as Arthur Pollet slid expertly down the ladder, his feet clamped to either edge, Hook admired the store. Had he not been embroiled in bricks and mortar and lofty ambition perhaps, Hook thought, he could have been content among foolscap, staples and sticky tape. There was, of course, the question of paper cuts though; Hook could not stomach the sight of his own blood. 
But then ambition brushed his gentler thoughts aside. He began appropriating the shopfloor for his own ends: a box-bedroom where stood that chest of papers. A tiny bathroom in place of that rack of rulers. And at the back, precisely at those copying machines, a kitchenette.
‘Mr Hook? Mr Hook?’ Pollet shunted the man from his daydream. Hook counted out precisely twenty-four pence as Pollet wrapped the thing in a brown paper bag. Then he sealed it via a flamboyant flick of the tape dispenser. It hardly seemed worth the effort, thought Hook, and as he left the shop he damned, silently, the bell. Again it had taken him by surprise. 
Although that bell had shredded his nerves, somewhere in his dark and complicated heart Hook felt, again, a tug of regret that Pollet would die by his hand. Soon enough the Cardinal-red envelope would be bulging. Then Smee would be handing it, under a desk most probably, to Mr Robert Mullins. A simple, silent exchange that would secure the keys to Neverland. 
For months now, Hook had been withdrawing cash from his personal account. And if things went sour he already had his tracks covered. If he absolutely had to dig himself out, a bookmaker in Dalston, a friend of his associates Alfred and Frederick Mason, would swear that Hook was a hopelessly addicted gambler: He’d put a ton on Charlton for the FA Cup and not even think about it. That kind of thing. Better that, thought Hook, than an insufferable cellmate and a diet of porridge. 
But it had been wrong, he conceded, to visit Pollet today. Buying from the shop the very envelope that would herald its destruction was a slap in the face, albeit an unintended blow. 
These deconstructions, though, evaporated as Hook approached the Epiphette. Upon its bonnet sat something small and whiteish. A parking ticket? No, not here. Not opposite Pollett. If the parking rules had changed he’d have known. Hook made it his business to be aware of such things. 
From a safe distance, he watched the object for a minute or so. Then, slowly, he sidled up alongside the car. It was around the size of a matchbox, the thing, and made of paper. 
Hook looked up and down the street. Nothing unusual: someone on the corner flogging The Big Issue. A squealing line of primary ones or twos on an outing to somewhere. Boxes of booze being loaded into the cellar of The Goose. He waited, Hook, for the kids to disappear up Palladium Street – for that little Museum of Confectionary, surely – picked the item up then braced himself for an explosion. He imagined, Hook, his final second on earth: a fizz from within the device, then a ripper of a blast that would launch him clean through Pollet’s window and disperse him across its walls.
But it never happened. Instead, in Hook’s good hand, sat a simple origami boat folded, precisely, from a sheet of pink paper. He looked, again, around the high street. Then he began, as carefully as he could, dismantling the item. Perhaps a clue could be found inside. As Hook pulled at each tuck, letters and words hopped into view: an r here, a g there. With the boat undone, Hook now held in his hand a page from a copy of the Business Daily. Below its masthead: last Saturday’s date. Above it, in blue ink, his name. 
It had failed to arrive, Hook remembered, last Saturday’s paper. And on that evening, Harrison, the newsagent, had emailed an apology. But he’d also assured Hook that the papergirl had delivered the thing as usual. And he himself had marked Hook’s name and loaded her bag. Furthermore, as the girl had closed Hook’s gate, across the road a family draped in red-and-white scarves was clambering into a minibus. Brentford fans they were. On their way to Wigan. So it was definitely Saturday, she’d said. Hook didn’t doubt the girl’s story. He’d double her Christmas tip. It would be the proper thing to do. Good form. But the following morning, Harrison, fearing cancellation of his services, had had the girl pop through Hook's door a complimentary newspaper. It was a gesture of goodwill, but one that was poorly judged. The Sunday tabloid held no interest for Hook. Scandalised, he’d flicked through the thing, but it seemed to be communicating with him in code. Headlines trumpeted not the events of the day, but rather gossip about soap stars and footballers. And even then the subjects of these scoops were regularly truncated or re-worked into head-spinning nicknames: Jazza. Bezza. Kella. Unearthing reporting of any serious nature was a chore and Hook was glad when the following morning's delivery had returned to normal. 
But for now, staring at the creased newsprint he knew, of course, that he held in his hand the work of that cuttlefish of a boy. 
Inside the Epiphette, Hook studied the page. Unfolding the boat had unravelled a headline: Report suggests public blames banks. But there was no hidden message there. It was all in that Hook, scrawled in blue by Harrison each morning. That was the actual headline. And the story? That was all in the paper’s removal from his very doorstep and its presentation here, on the bonnet of his car. 
It was at this moment that Peter won a measure of Hook’s respect. Here, thought the man, was an enemy worthy of his attention. He was, the boy, the 0.01% of germs that even the TV adverts conceded their otherwise indomitable bottle of bleach couldn’t kill. In one swift move the lad had demonstrated he was cunning enough to track him home and clever enough to stalk him to this point (indicating he could strike at any place and time). The boy understood, also, the power of the dramatic. A boat on a bonnet! It was brilliant. 
Hook prodded the radio into life and hummed along to a creaky old string quartet. He hadn’t felt this fulfilled in a long time. He began to reconstruct the boat and as he fiddled with folds and creases he looked out, every so often, at the street. The boy may even, thought Hook, be observing me as I sit in my car. This made him smile. It would, at the very least, be interesting to do battle with this character. 
But as he tucked away the last fold, Hook pledged that when the time came – and come it would – he’d bring the fun and games to a definite end. He’d shown his skills and panache, the boy. But they weren’t going to save him. Hook placed the boat on the dashboard and started the engine. 
In the alley opposite Pollet, Peter stood up from amid the bin sacks. Then he watched Hook and his Epiphette glide away. Even before Hook had turned off the high street, the boy had torn away his jacket of black plastic, leapt across the rubbish that had spilled from it, and was headed for Neverland. 
At the traffic lights, Hook thought of the stationery aisles he’d paced at branches of JukeBox. So long were the lanes in those places that last year Jukes began kitting out his staff in roller skates: a practice nicked from similar supermarkets on the continent. But for Hook, strictly on foot, the aisle in question had taken seventy-seven steps from end to end. He’d counted them, Hook, one Sunday – the only day that Pollet closed – when vainly searching for a bottle of Tiger Lily. A sales assistant, a lad of fifteen if he was a day, had insisted that ink came in two colours only: black and blue. The statement had been, Hook thought, a sorrowful sign of the times. Some days later he’d asked Jukes to consider stocking the stuff. He’d even attempted to make it a dealbreaker. But Jukes, knowing well that it was he who pulled the strings, had dismissed the request out of hand. ‘Absolutely not.’ he’d responded. And then he’d embroidered the refusal with grandiose talk of ‘margins’ and ‘supply and demand.’
Hook would gladly have wallowed for longer, but the lights had turned green. Behind him a bashed truck, loaded with blank graves for Siddeley’s, the stonemasons, beeped, hollered and hand-gestured him back down to earth. As Hook turned a corner into Broombridge Street, the little boat skidded across the dashboard and plunged into the footwell. 
The boy had delivered his first message.

***

Alleys, rooftops and back gardens had shortened Peter’s route back to Neverland. Now, in the Penny Palace, he was sat on top of a Whirler slot machine. The boy was supposed to be reading a book, The Secret Garden, that Wendy had brought for him. But the words kept tripping him up. Instead, he watched the early afternoon rain plummeting through holes in the roof and bouncing on the arcade floor. The steady blip-blip-blip of the leaks kept harmony with Tink’s bell as, like a nodding dog on a car’s parcel shelf, she followed each new drop. 
Out on the Spicerhill High Street Peter had once heard a woman at a bus stop remark to her friend that the rain was Coming down in stair rods. He’d remembered the expression and enjoyed imagining the scene literally: thousands of metal sticks plunging from the clouds, pelting onto shoppers and cars and trucks, and clanging tunelessly on concrete. 
Peter slid from the Whirler. This business with Hook was preying on his mind. He knew the man would be returning. And next time he’d be stronger and more determined than ever. Tink might send him packing, even delay him for a few weeks, but eventually Hook would be back. And he’d be bringing with him a proper battle.
The boy trudged to the fortune-telling machine and nodded at Madame Paulina. Her head slightly bowed, she nevertheless stared back with dead eyes of green. The boy thumped the side of the glass cabinet. Nothing happened. But after another carefully placed whack, the lights beyond the glass flickered on. Peter dug deep into first one pocket, then the next. He found an old halfpenny. Into the slot it went.
The head of Madame Paulina immediately jerked upwards and the bulbs behind her eyes zapped on. Peter watched as her arms swung stiffly, unnaturally, over a plump crystal ball. Inside the sphere, yellows, greens, reds and purples swirled and melted into one another. From two speakers below the glass, a verse, playing just below its correct tempo, began repeating:
Inside the mystic ball of crystal, 
Fortunes float like ghosts in air.
A copper coin to catch the future,
And bring it forth to those who dare. 
Tink approached, barking and jangling. She crouched, as if ready to attack, then retreated, This ceremony had always been the one thing in Neverland that scared her.
After a short while, the colours faded away and the rhyme cut-out mid-sentence. Madame Paulina’s arms snapped back, her eyes deadened and her head lowered once more. From a slot marked Your fortune awaits, a green ticket jabbed out. Slowly, the boy read from the slip of sugar paper. Then he stuffed it into a pocket.
At the shooting range, Peter tipped out a pile of Infiltrator lead pellets from a tiny cardboard box. The illustration on the front showed a small boy taking aim at a robin stood on a branch. Soon they’d be exhausted, this ancient supply. Peter a mental note to loot more from JukeBox across in Battersea. 
He shot well, Peter: eighteen bullseyes from twenty-three tries. And when he saw the next rifle along was the one whose safety chain Wendy had broken, he loaded it with his last pellet. Then he fired across the arcade. With so many machines and stalls and gadgets in its path, the pellet would have to hit something. But the boy heard no ricochet. Somehow, he had missed the lot. 
Peter put down the gun and headed to the Gargoyle to plot, his pace quickened by the plain black words of the fortune: 
Know your enemy.

18. Storm Seeks Teacup
Friday October 24th 2014

Mr James Hook sat silently at his desk. The afternoon had been a whirl. Phone calls about meetings. Texts about emails. Emails about phone calls. Now, his three o’clock tea delivered and, for the moment at least, free from the nagging of gadgets, he stared at the paper boat before him. As she’d brought the brew, Moira had spied the thing docked upon a pile of documents. She had nodded to it and was ready to remark, but Hook had raised his hand and shaken his head. Moira understood perfectly. Then left quietly. 
The afternoon tea, Hook thought, would slow the spinning, if only for a while. But as he lifted the cup there came the perfect interruption: the unwell drone from that antique intercom. Hook closed his eyes tight. Sometimes it seemed that somewhere – somewhere uncharted on any map – existed a great corkboard upon which a timetable of irritations had been pinned. It was as if an entire government department, or perhaps some power higher even that that, was dedicated to driving him mad. 
The intercom scratched at Moira’s voice. ‘That’s Mr Darling for you.’ Of course, thought Hook. Darling, curiously, had asked to see him. Well, it could be worse. He did actually quite like Darling. 
‘Do send him in.’ answered Hook. And Moira did. 
‘Ah, hello there...’ and Hook found himself mired in that awful no-man’s land of having forgotten a person’s name and observing little in the way of escape routes. 
‘Begins with a G.’ said Mr Darling. He had sympathy with the situation, having many times been that soldier himself. Hook, embarrassed at the scenario, said ‘Graham’, but with little conviction. This he followed with a spurt of quick-fire guesses: Gideon and Gregory. Griffin and Gary.
Mr Darling shook his head. ‘Six letters.’ 
‘Six letters?’ said Hook. ‘But not Graham. Gordon?’
‘Three vowels.’
‘Three vowels?’ Enjoying the game now, Hook paused for a moment and closed his eyes. ‘Grayson?’
‘That’s two vowels. And hardly forgettable.’
‘And seven letters.’ conceded Hook. ‘Gereon?’ And as if to bolster the guess he accompanied it with wide-open eyes.
‘Gereon?’ said Mr Darling. ‘You’re going way too exotic. Think of a Beatle.’ 
‘A beetle?’ said Hook.
‘Band not insect. Or two presidents. Or a one-off James Bond.’
But nothing stirred in Hook. 
‘Think dragon-slayer.’ said Mr Darling.
That last clue did its job. ‘George.’ said Hook quietly. ‘Your name is George. And you must excuse my memory.’
‘Not a problem.’ said Mr Darling. 
‘You’re most understanding. Now, please take a seat, George.’ And Hook was careful to stress the name. Mr Darling sat.
‘Bit low. This seat, I mean.’
‘Is it?’ said Hook, as casually as he could manage, ‘I hadn’t noticed.’
From the intercom: the noise of Moira’s keyboard. For a few seconds, Mr Darling watched Hook prodding away, with a ruler, at the machine’s buttons. ‘Nuisance of a thing.’ He whacked it sharply with a fist though, and the offending key popped back into place. 
‘Up she goes.’ said Mr Darling.
‘For the moment at least.’
‘It’s an old one, eh? Do you mind?’ Hook waved Mr Darling forward and he rose and leaned into the gadget, ‘Driscoll Conversator.’ said Mr Darling. He gave the machine’s beige plastic front a friendly tap. ‘Driscoll. The radio people, I’d have thought?’
‘Precisely. It’s the very one my father used. Just imagine,’ said Hook, ‘how many yards of words have pinged back and forth across the years.’
‘My dad’s boss had one too.’ said Mr Darling. ‘If it’s just the buttons I could probably fix them for you. In my shed.’
‘You’re very kind. But I fear I may have to modernise. Moira regularly implores me.’ Then Hook pointed to his fast-cooling tea. ‘You don’t object if I continue?’
‘No. Of course.’ said Mr Darling, and he sat back down.
Hook raised the cup and, for a moment, held it in the space between the two men. ‘It’s Procella. My own unique blend.’
‘Procella?’ said Mr Darling. Hook was delighted to have attracted the query.
‘It’s the Latin for storm.’ Hook waited, as he always did at this point, for the other party to speak. It was a kind of test he’d devised. And it was one that Mr Darling passed.
‘Ah.’ said Mr Darling after a couple of seconds, ‘Storm in a teacup. Very clever.’
‘Just my little joke.’ said Hook.
‘No, it’s clever,’ said Mr Darling, ‘very clever indeed. Clever and also elegant.’
‘The brew itself is a balanced blend of Darjeeling, Assam and something secret that my blender refuses to reveal.’ As Hook at last sipped from the cup though, his face contorted. His eyes closed tightly and he swallowed with a shiver.
No wonder his blender keeps the secret ingredient to himself, thought Mr Darling. With a scarlet handkerchief, Hook wiped his mouth. 
‘That infernal woman,’ he said very quietly, ‘has sugared my Procella. Again.’
‘Sugar.’ said Mr Darling, and like Hook he also spoke in a whisper. ‘The nemesis of tea.’
Hook nodded his head slowly, then pushed the cup to one side. ‘It was another George, George Orwell, I believe,’ announced Hook, ‘who, in his essay on tea-making, advanced the view that if one is to add sugar to tea, it would be reasonable to add also pepper or salt.’
‘He did. In rule eleven of A Nice Cup of Tea.’ said Mr Darling, ‘That’s the name of it. Orwell’s essay, I mean.’
‘Indeed. And a nice cup of tea,’ said Hook, tapping with his pen the offending cup, ‘this is not.’
‘I’m an ISO 3103 man, in general.’ said Mr Darling. Impressed, Hook jumped straight in.
‘The International Standard for tea-making.’ 
‘Exactly. But I’m familiar with Orwell’s essay and, really, view the two as, if not exactly interchangeable, at a minimum complementary.’
Engaged, Hook replied, ‘I, myself have borrowed from both works, culminating in what I believe to be the ultimate preparatory method. For Procella, at least.’
‘I’d very much like to avail myself of those instructions one day.’ said Mr Darling, expressing himself, without knowing it, in Hook’s grandiose style, ‘Unless of course they are confidential in nature.’
‘I’ll see to it.’ said Hook, and from a drawer he produced a tiny silver bottle. Shaking it, he sprayed a mist of something into his open mouth. ‘So, how can I help you?’ Hook’s words now smelled of peppermint. ‘You’re not leaving us, I hope?’
‘Leaving?’
‘People leave all the time.’ said Hook.
‘Not me. Should I?’
‘Only if you want to. I’d rather you didn’t.’
‘It had never crossed my mind.’
‘Excellent, then. Do go on.’
‘Well,’ said Mr Darling, ‘It’s the October holidays in a couple of days’ time.’
Hook turned in his hand the tiny bottle of spray. Requests for unplanned leave, he thought, should never travel this far up the food chain. Too weary to defer, he prepared himself to grant time off for a couple of days in Sussex or Norfolk or wherever. ‘Go on.’
‘Out of the blue, my daughter’s announced she’d like a spot of work experience.’
It was while Wendy had washed yesterday’s dishes, and Mr Darling had dried them, that she had introduced the idea. Mr Darling had suggested that next summer might be more appropriate. She’d have more time. And he would be able to give Mr Hook more notice. And, he had privately reckoned, the whole idea might actually just wither away. But a combination of sulking, and support from Mrs Darling – but mainly sulking – had won through in the end. 
‘I see.’ said Hook. He returned the bottle to the drawer and without thinking lifted the paper boat from the desk.
‘Origami?’ said Mr Darling. ‘A hobby of yours?’
Hook waved a bandaged hand in the air. ‘Oh I dabble. I dabble. It’s the most fun you can have on your own. And it helps me while away the weekends. But, this daughter you speak of. Tell me more. She’d like to work here?’
‘I think,’ said Mr Darling, referencing Wendy's latest lie, ‘a few of her classmates have work experience lined up and she doesn't want to fall behind. Something like that. But even so, it was a surprise to me and her mother.’
This was true. There had been many evenings lately when, with the children in bed, and Nana in her basket, Mr and Mrs Darling had spoken of the quietness of the girl. She seemed happy but had few friends. She fled from attention too. And she considered storms to be lovely weather.
‘I mean don’t get me wrong’, said Mr Darling, ‘when she embraces something she’s really keen and does her very best.’ 
‘She’s not a danger, I assume? An arsonist, perhaps? Or a, I don’t know, a pickpocket? Or a poisoner?’
‘Neither, as far as I know.’ said Mr Darling. ‘But she is a hard worker. In the summer she was at Foxtrot nearly every day of the holidays.’
‘Foxtrot is?’
‘A dress shop. Of the vintage variety.’ 
‘Vintage variety?’ 
‘On the Spicerhill High Street.’
‘I’m not entirely convinced I’m au fait with it.’ said Hook.
‘It mainly appeals to girls who dress as if every day is a Sunday in 1953.’
‘Ah. That would explain my ignorance.’
The street, of course, was familiar to Hook. But Foxtrot. Why was that name now suddenly waving to him? Then he remembered. He had earmarked that very spot for a couple of student flats. Perhaps to remove a sting of guilt, he enquired further. 
‘So she’s still at school, you say, this daughter of yours?’ said Hook. Not at all keen on the idea, he was searching now for an opportunity to nip it in the bud. He considered for a moment causing a diversion: clutching at a knee and grimacing, or maybe attending to a phantom mobile call silently requiring attention. But Mr Darling had already begun firing back. 
‘She is still at school, that’s true. Secondary. St Matthew’s. But she’s very mature.’ He could see, Mr Darling, far enough, the drama a rejection would likely cause at No. 14 and was desperate to avoid it.
‘Not wholly legal, I wouldn’t think.’ batted Hook, ‘To have a child about the place, I mean. Even one from a secondary school. And mature, like you say.’ To avoid eye contact he picked up the paper boat and fiddled with it, pulling out, and then tucking back in, a fold or two. Mr Darling responded with silence: a tactic both men recognised. Then the waiting game began. It was now simply a question of who would blink first. It turned out to be Hook. He made the error of glancing up from the boat and in doing so caught Mr Darling’s forlorn expression. And then he caved. Had Hook remained resolute for even a second longer it would have been Mr Darling who’d conceded. And Wendy would have never gotten her wish. 
‘I suppose,’ said Hook, and for effect he drew the response out, ‘so long as it goes no further, we could squeeze her in.’ Then, he added quickly ‘She can shadow Moira.’ 
 ‘That’s marvellous.’ said Mr Darling, rising from his seat, ‘It’ll help us out at home too. You see Mrs Darling is at work all day too and even with Nana there, keeping an eye on three children is a big ask.’
‘Nana is? A nanny?’
‘A Newfoundland.’ Hook remained blank. ‘A dog. She looks rather like a bear.’
Hook knitted his brow. ‘How queer.’
‘It is a bit.’ admitted Mr Darling. ‘I suppose we’ve all gotten used to it though.’
‘Well, you would, I imagine. After a while.’
 So, I can tell Wendy that Monday is fine?’
‘Absolutely.’ said Hook, ‘Although remember to... ’ and he tapped his nose a couple of times. 
‘Keep it under my hat?’
‘Precisely.’ said Hook. Then he nodded at his bandaged hand, ‘In my current incapacitated state an extra pair of hands, indeed even one hand, will be most useful.’ Hook saw the question forming on Mr Darling’s lips, but he brushed it away. ‘A long story. One unworthy of your time.’
‘I understand.’
The intercom sputtered on, and through the usual distortion Moira reminded Hook that he had a call arranged with Mr Crompton. As Mr Darling suspected, this Crompton was a fictional character; a phantom Moira employed to cut Hook’s meetings short, or get him out of situations. Again, the Conversator’s button required a double-jab. 
Hook rose. Then he walked Mr Darling towards the door. ‘The girl might at least remember that I require no sugar in my tea.’
‘I’ll make sure she knows.’ said Mr Darling, ‘And don’t forget, I can take that thing away and fix it any time. It really is a beauty. Be a shame to lose it.’
At this point Hook opened the door so Moira might hear him. ‘It would be heaven, Mr Darling, to be certain, if only for a week, of an unmolested cup of tea.’ In fairness to Moira, and Hook himself would testify to this, tea-making was the solitary office duty at which she didn’t excel. 
That night Mr Darling gave Wendy the good news. She’d be travelling into work with him, would be helping Moira – No she’s not at all strict. Yes, she’s younger than me. – and would be based at the top of the building. ‘That’s where Mr Hook himself works.’ said Mr Darling.
It was that final throwaway remark that made Wendy’s heart fly. This was even better than she’d hoped. At the centre of the operation she’d be: the perfect spot to discover precisely what this Hook was up to.
She couldn’t wait to tell Peter.

19. London in Wax
Saturday October 25th 2014

Watched by Nana, Wendy held the pliers tightly and pulled. It wasn’t giving in easily, this nail, but after a couple more twists it surrendered. She patched the back tyre, stuck the tools in the shed, and in fewer than ten minutes was on Old Valhalla Road. There she chained her bike to a post near the gap in the fence. 
Peter? He had endured a broken night on the Gargoyle. Between fractured episodes of sleep he had paced its swollen decks, pitting one scenario against another:
How would Hook make his move? Within the law, or beyond it?
Would a gang of roughs be hired for the job? Or would Hook himself have the stomach for the fight?
And suppose Hook could be gotten rid of – made to disappear – would he simply be replaced by another?
Upon his hammock the boy had eventually, under the shifting Wendybird’s gaze, fallen into a dreamless sleep. But in the morning he’d woken with no solutions.
It was on the hammock that Wendy found Peter and Tink. Gloomy and tiresome, it was a struggle to shake them for a stroll.
‘Come on. Up.’ said Wendy, and with her foot she gave the hammock a shove. Annoyed, the boy anchored his hands to the deck and steadied the thing. 
‘Can’t you see we’re plotting?’
‘Well, if you don’t want to hear my news...’
Wendy turned and walked away. Not too slowly. Not too quickly. John and Michael would confirm the girl’s expertise in this tactic. Over the years the air around No. 14 had grown thick with sawn-off sentences like these. Sometimes they hung around for ages. Like hats on hooks. Or unpaid bills piling deep behind a clock. But more often than not Wendy would win in short order. The listener would be so tantalised by her promise that they’d quickly give in. And that is precisely how it went aboard the Gargoyle that morning. Behind Wendy, the sound of Tink’s bell grew louder and faster. And before she had even stepped from the ship, Peter too had caught up with her. Boys, she thought, were so easy. 
‘So, what’s the big story?’ asked Peter. He stopped at the carousel and swung himself onto a tiger. Wendy, who really was bursting by now to tell him, kept walking though. 
‘Where you going?’ called out Peter. 
‘In there.’ said Wendy, without turning around. 
‘Where?’ asked Peter. And he jumped from the ride. 
Wendy stopped suddenly. ‘Here.’ When the boy approached he saw that she was pointing at the imposing wooden door of the waxworks. Arched it was, and decorated by rows of metal studs. Above its summit, in purple letters, the words House of Wax.
Wendy gave the door a push. It moved not one inch.
‘It’s locked.’ said Peter.
‘Thanks for that.’
Wendy stepped back from the door. Below an ornate knocker was bolted a broad letterbox. She stooped, intending to peek through it, but the thing was only a prop and didn’t open when she jabbed at it. She rose, and shoved the door again.
‘You’ll never shift it.’ said Peter. But then Wendy reversed a couple of steps and put her shoulder to it. The force knocked her back, but she was quick, and she broke her fall. And when she had another go she was ready, and ran faster and harder, and from a greater distance. This time something on the inside began detaching from the wood. And that knocker, an iron ring looped through a dragon’s nose, shunted and bounced against a forked tongue. Another couple of charges and the lock gave way completely. 
‘If this was film,’ said Wendy, rubbing at her shoulder, ‘there’d be a flock of bats zooming past us right now.’ She pushed at the door. But it didn’t budge. Charging it had caused it to detach slightly from its hinges. Its base therefore was resting now close to the floor. Wendy put both hands to the thing and it began opening, but only in reluctant little increments. ‘Is that what they’re called when there’s loads of them?’ said Wendy, ‘A flock? Also, thanks for your help with this.’
Anxious to dim the limelight of Wendy’s successful break-in, the boy said ‘When I was up in the crow’s nest once, a bat as big as this,’ and he stretched wide his arms and flapped them up and down, ‘tried to attack me. But I fought it off and it flew away.’
‘Gosh’ said Wendy, and she took a quick break, ‘I had no idea London was home to giant man-eating bats.’
‘Well it is.’ said Peter. Wendy rolled her eyes, then turned again to the door. This time, the boy pitched in too. And together, they got the job done. 
‘Come on.’ said Wendy, and into the waxworks they went. 
On a red carpet, the lock, mottled with rust, lay a few feet further down a narrow corridor. It had whacked the wall too, the lock, and dislodged a chunk of plaster. Peter followed Wendy in, and when she turned for a moment to face him, she saw the chubby line of dust lying, like a snake, on the floor. The base of that door had done it: swept and gathered years of dirt. Now daylight revealed the quarter-circle of slightly less filthy carpet it had also constructed.
Through the corridor they went. On the left, a tiny glass-fronted ticket booth stood alongside a turnstile. On the right, a wax dummy of a Victorian-era policeman kept watch. At some point he had held a truncheon, the figure. It lay now, though, at his feet, next to a couple of his fingers. Behind him, on the wall, a poster hung at an angle. Yellowed now, and fastened at one corner by a single brass tack, Wendy straightened it up and flattened it out. Then she gave it a read. 
‘Listen to this. London in Wax exhibition. New for this summer. Meet the city’s most noble – and notorious – figures. Young children may find some exhibits upsetting. The management will not be held responsible. Brilliant.’ They moved on, Wendy and Peter. Behind them, the poster swung down the wall. Like a pendulum, it rocked left and right for a while until that solitary tack gave way.
At the end of the corridor, a large room opened out. Wendy stopped at the turnstile barring her way. Like the lock, it too was badly corroded. Leaning over it, the girl peered into the space beyond. She saw nothing though, other than odd shapes scattered here and there. ‘Find the lights.’ she said, ‘Let’s see if the dummies are all still in one piece.’
Years of inaction caused a cracking sound as Peter pushed at the door and it separated from the frame. Then the boy found a switch and, inside the booth, a solitary bulb cast an indifferent light. 
‘Any luck?’ said Wendy.
‘Hold on.’ The boy ducked below the counter. Now Wendy squeezed into the booth too.
‘There’s a cupboard with switches down here.’ said Peter, ‘Hang about.’
On a shelf beneath the ticketing window, a microphone sat on a bendy metal stem. Next to it, sheets of sober little announcements had been typed out. Wendy rifled through the papers.
‘These are amazing. Listen.’ 
Wendy assumed a cut-glass accent, and when she read the words enclosed in brackets, dutifully lowered her voice and quickened her pace. 
‘Could the parents of {insert child’s name here} please collect this child at the ticket booth. Brilliant. Visitors are reminded not to touch, {stress the next three words} for any reason, the exhibits. I love the little instructions. Would patrons please be advised that the waxworks shall be closing in fifteen minutes.’
Next, she read silently for a few moments. Then, excited, said ‘Oh, this one is fantastic. Listen up: Today’s entrance raffle has been won by ticket number {insert winning ticket number here}. The holder of this ticket – {repeat winning number with clarity} – should present at our offices and ask for Miss Tiffany Mills where they shall receive a voucher for a hamper from Deeming’s of Brittlefield. {Now please pause and smile, then say, with gusto:} ‘Deeming’s of Brittlefield. First for groceries and fancy goods! I love this stuff.’
The boy poked his head up from below. ‘Nip through and see if the lights are on.’
Wendy, repeating the Deeming’s slogan – smiling and with gusto – pushed at the turnstile. The thing was jammed though, so she leapt across it, then wiped a rusty hand on a wall. Then she stepped a little way inside the chamber. 
‘Still no lights.’ called out Wendy.
‘How about now?’
‘Nothing.’
‘Go in a bit further and see if there’s a switch on the wall.’
Keeping her hand on the wall to her left, Wendy moved further inside. She patted the surface, but felt only the outlines and contours of textured wallpaper. So she stopped, and instead stood for a moment. Then she removed her hand from the wall and breathed in deeply. The musty smell of abandonment was immediate and overpowering. And those figures, rendered shapeless by the dark, they had a stillness about them that the girl had never before experienced. She closed her eyes, blocking out even the small amount of detail she was able to pick out. The silence of the room was extraordinary. Thick. Grabbable. And by shutting her eyes it became so pure it almost buzzed. But then somewhere, beyond a boundary Wendy wasn’t willing to cross, Tink’s bell broke the gorgeous hush. Next, close by, the unmistakable sound of something breathing. Wendy stood absolutely still. All the while, the subtle little jingle from Tink’s bell carried on. She clamped a palm to the wall again. Then, with just one eye half opened, she began moving, as calmly as possible, towards the puny light from the ticket booth. But before she’d made it out of the chamber, whispered words engulfed the room.
‘Wendy... Wendy... I have come to take your mortal soul...’
The girl sprinted now from the chamber and out to the booth. And when she saw Peter laughing over the microphone she punched him. ‘Idiot. You’d better have sorted those lights out.’
Wincing, the boy rubbed his arm. Then he dived below again and threw another switch. Inside the chamber, dust blasted out from the few illuminating ceiling bulbs. Then it fell and settled. Across the floor, a squad of mice scattered. 
‘That’s it,’ said Wendy, ‘They’re on.’
Peter grabbed a torch anyway; he didn’t fancy the electrics much. Then they jumped the turnstile and headed into the chamber. Facing the pair, a too-happy wax bellboy, dressed in burgundy, was holding a London in Wax sign. He pointed the way, the dummy, but Peter had other ideas. 
‘Come on,’ said the boy, marching off, ‘we’ll do the tour my way.’
Doing things Peter’s way meant ignoring several more stern signs and arrows. Peter’s tour did have a beginning, middle and end, it’s just that they didn’t necessarily take place in that order. Instead, the boy tied history in knots, rewriting the sequence of things so that the Victorian age preceded Roman times, and medieval London occurred somewhere in between. 
Next to each exhibit a little rectangle of card offered a potted history. Peter just about managed to read and understand these, and he treated Wendy to a series of announcements. She had to admit they were quite funny:
‘Would a Miss Anne Boleyn (the boy pronounced it as ‘bowling’) please report to reception where we have found the head that you lost.’ In response, Wendy made a raspberry noise. ‘Hello? Yes, this is King Henry VIII. Could someone please turn down the heating in the waxworks? We’re absolutely melting in here.’
‘This place is amazing.’ whispered Wendy. And it was. Aside from nibbled feet and shoes, most of the wax figures were in fine shape. With the bulbs sputtering out one-by-one, Wendy did almost trip, though, on a head. She placed it back on the urchin’s shoulders, but blamed the poor light for the fact that it sat unnaturally and at an odd angle. ‘If I were you,’ said Wendy, fussing with the mannequin’s hair, ‘I’d be in here every day.’
He was glad now, the boy, that Wendy had made them break in. The dummies, the dark, those stupid joke announcements he’d just made, together they’d reeled the girl in that little bit further. Cast a spell. But time was running out. So he moved things on. 
‘So,’ said Peter, and at this point he tucked the torch beneath his chin and widened his eyes, ‘what’s this news of yours?’
‘Follow me.’ Wendy cut across an execution scene, then hopped over a sagging red rope and into the consulting room of Mr Sherlock Holmes. Peter’s torch darted about the display. Upon a mantelpiece: a rack of pipes. Stacked in shelves: books and journals. And in a wine-coloured robe, the great detective sat at a table scrutinising, with his magnifying glass, a cigar stub. Behind him, in tweed, Doctor Watson, marvelled at his friend. 
Against the fireplace, next to Holmes’ famous tobacco-stuffed Persian slipper, leaned a violin. Peter grabbed it, but the brittle strings snapped as soon as he touched them with the bow. Annoyed, he tossed it away and it knocked something over. He’d have chucked the fiddle next, but Wendy motioned to him to stop.
‘Put that thing down.’ said Wendy. ‘No need to wreck the place.’ Then she plucked Holmes’ deerstalker from the dummy’s head. She grabbed a pipe too. Then she slapped the seat of a green velvet armchair, coughed her way through the rising dust and sat down. Peter took the chair opposite and Wendy put on the hat. It was miles too large for her, but by tilting it right back it just about behaved. 
Then, with pipe in hand, Wendy at last told the boy all about how she’d be going undercover: listening out for Hook’s plans, making notes and reporting back. She told him too that far from merely spending a little time in the building, she would, in fact, be at the very centre of Hook’s operations for one whole week. 
‘The cleverness of me!’ shouted Peter.
‘I think you’ll find,’ said Wendy, ‘that it’s actually the cleverness of me.’
‘Well, yes, I suppose you have done your bit too.’ 
‘Yeah, y’know. Maybe just a little.’
They strolled twice more round the waxworks that morning and when Wendy saw that Holmes’ bow had taken the fingers of some king or other, she rescued it, and placed it next to the fiddle. Where it belonged. 
Only when the torch finally died did they return to the daylight. And on the way out, Wendy fixed the detective’s deerstalker onto a spare head. She already had a helmet to wear and it wouldn’t do to be seen with two hats on.

20. Of Cakes and Clocks
Monday October 27th – Tuesday October 28th 2014

Breakfast that morning was quieter than usual.
The boys had stayed up half the night playing Porthos. Sometime beyond midnight though, Wendy had threatened to throw the thing out of the window. They slept now, John and Michael, but half term or not, on the fridge door a list of chores awaited. 
Across the breakfast table, Mr Darling had provided much of the chatter. It had centred on how Wendy was to listen, learn and not ask too many questions. 
At this, Wendy had nodded, agreed and said ‘of course’ at all the right moments. But she was largely silent: her mind on the mission. ‘George’, said Mrs Darling, ‘she’ll be absolutely fine.’ Mr Darling tapped his watch. Wendy rose.
 ‘Last thing,’ said the girl, ‘Do I look OK?’ She stepped back, then stood before her parents in a favourite dress – a red-wine-coloured number – that Mr Darling thought made her look like a cinema usherette. 
‘Very smart.’ said Mrs Darling. ‘And very grown-up.’
‘Two choc-ices, please.’ said her dad, and he pulled on his coat.
‘Never gets old, that one.’ said Wendy. 
Ten minutes later, as the escalators of Spicerhill station pulled Wendy below, a surge rushed through her.
This is a Northern Line train to Moorgate.
Wendy loved the clipped, robotic announcements down there. She loved the London Underground generally: the smell of it, the old tiled tunnels, the whoosh of heat. Spurred on by Mr Darling, she had found a seat. From there, as best she could, she kept an eye on her father. He’d squeezed himself into a space not far from the carriage doors. 
At Camden Town a man left behind one of the posher newspapers. Wendy grabbed it. From her mother, she had inherited a fascination with newspapers’ Deaths notices. So she found the section and folded the page into a less-ridiculous size. And then she read of funeral masses in Rotherhithe and Chelmsford, Barking and Stockwell. A humanist service in the Pankhurst Room of Gorse College. And a wake in the spiritual home of the deceased: a pub in Mile End called The Badger. 
Please mind the gap when exiting this train.
Across the off-colour contest in Wendy’s head – the tallying-up of those who’d passed suddenly as opposed to peacefully – the former was winning the day. But amid the variables – the calls for bright clothes versus traditional garb, or for family-only versus everyone welcome – uniting every listing was the request for donations in lieu of flowers. Donations for hospitals and charities, and donations for families and funeral costs. It was enough, thought Wendy, to keep florists awake at night. 
King’s Cross St. Pancras. Doors will open on the left-hand side of the carriage.
They changed here, and jumped on the Metropolitan Line. It would be a short hop. Just one station. But Wendy found a seat anyway. And another newspaper. Yesterday’s Spicerhill Echo.
The next station is Farringdon. Change here for the Circle and Hammersmith & City lines. 
Mr Darling, stood a little distance away, tried to catch Wendy’s eye. But the Echo’s Personal column had her attention. There, stubbornly standing its ground against the internet, the thing invited the reader to Put some spice in your life! And so for twenty pence per word, the lonely flirted in ink:
STAR-CROSSED Romantic Piscean F seeks M/F angel in disguise. Box SE753
TRUE NORTH Professional M new to Spicerhill/Brittlefield. Looking for female “tour guide”. Box SE754 
JOLLY HOCKEY STICKS You: hopped off the number 15 opposite Spicerhill Tube 4PM-ish Fri 24/10. Hockey stick in bag? Me: bloke with cat in basket getting on bus. Did our eyes meet? If so, perhaps the rest of us could follow. 07700 900188 
As they pulled into Farringdon, Wendy at last saw Mr Darling’s waving hand. She rose and joined the conga-line of suits. A minute or so later, eager, and above ground, Wendy waited for her dad to catch up. Behind her, a notice, taped to the glass of the Farringdon Station Newsagent shop:
No children
No dogs (including guide dogs)
No tourist information or directions 
No change given for machines
No Scottish/Irish notes or Euros or Dollars accepted
No foreign languages spoken
Below these, in blue marker pen, an appendage: 
Do not lean on this window or photograph this sign
It was only a short walk to 17 Charnelhouse Street and Pendulum Properties’ skinny townhouse. Above the entrance, a blue plaque: Kimberly Featherstonehaugh, 1850 – 1902, writer and botanist, lived at this house.
Up nine steps went Mr Darling and Wendy. 
‘So,’ said Mr Darling, ‘do your very best and listen to Moira. She’ll keep you right.’ Wendy nodded. She watched her father’s hand pushing the door open. This was it. He turned quickly ‘How many sugars in Mr Hook’s tea?’
‘Oh, seven at least.’
At reception, all thick blue carpets and creamy walls, a small fuss was made of Wendy: she had, variously: her father’s eyes, impeccable manners – and good on her for taking the placement. 
Olympic medal-style, a visitor’s pass was hung around Wendy’s neck. It swayed back and forth on the ascent to Hook’s office. 
‘Are you OK?’ said Mr Darling. He’d caught Wendy taking a gulp from her inhaler. She nodded though. 
‘It was just that air freshener thing on the reception desk. I think I breathed it in.’
Higher and higher they climbed until eventually they arrived at a sturdy-looking glass-panelled door. Through it Wendy spied a large desk. It had to be Moira’s. On it were heaped piles of papers and folders. Who knows, thought Wendy, what she might find among those. 
‘Ready?’ asked Mr Darling.
‘Ready.’ said Wendy. 
And into the heart of Hook’s world she walked. 
‘Morning.’ called out a voice. Then Moira appeared from under the desk. By way of explanation she held a dropped pen in the air. She was sort of cartoonish, thought Wendy. All thick black hair and polka-dots. After a round of introductions Mr Darling excused himself. 
‘So,’ said Moira, ‘today I’ll show you how everything works. But first.’ She nodded to a couple of muffins sat on a stack of paper. 
‘Go on. I brought them in specially.’
‘Wow,’ said Wendy, ‘did you make these?’
‘Of course. No. Bakery counter at JukeBox. There’s a new one kind of near my bus stop.’
Wendy grabbed a muffin. Moira picked up the ringing phone. 
‘No, it was quite last-minute, Andy,’ said Moira, ‘he’s up in Edinburgh. Just until Tuesday night though. Sure. Give his mobile a buzz.’
Tuesday night, thought Wendy. Two days lost already. Her disappointment must have shown. 
‘Don’t worry’, said Moira, ‘by the time Mr Hook’s back you’ll have learned the ropes.’
There was something in what Moira had just said, thought Wendy. By midweek she’d have settled in. And this thing of Hook being away might actually make it easier for her to ferret around. It was kind of like she was getting the best of both worlds. 
‘Oh. Way too dry.’ said Moira, and she made a face at the muffin. ‘Let’s get some tea for these. C’mon.’
The morning disappeared in a snap. It was good to get to know Moira a bit. On the way to the kitchen she’d correctly estimated the vintage of Wendy’s frock. She smelled like a sweet shop too and, as it was a Monday morning, of recently removed nail varnish. ‘Company policy, apparently.’ said Moira. 
‘Is this OK?’ said Wendy, and she gave her bracelet a shake.
‘Yeah, that’s no problem.’ said Moira. ‘I like the little charms.’
‘Oh, it’s nothing much.’ said Wendy, ‘I won it. Last year. Third place in the spelling bee.’ Then she wondered where such a bizarre lie had come from.
Before lunch, Wendy learned how to transfer calls to Hook’s office. ‘Press this to call Mr Hook’s desk,’ said Moira, prodding a green button on that ancient, fussy intercom, ‘and it’s this red one to hang up. It’s a sentimental thing to him,’ said Moira, digging at the seized-up button with a pen, ‘But I finally got the green light to order him a new one.’ At last the button pinged back. ‘There. Actually, something else is that if that,’ and she pointed, with the now-chewed-up pen, at a nicotine-coloured photocopier, ‘starts to fizz, just give it a thump on the side.’ At this, Wendy had thought of Peter and the stubborn gadgets and machines dotted around Neverland. Then she thought of Tink and the Gargoyle, the waxworks and the funhouse.
‘Wendy. Wendy, are you OK?’ Moira’s voice snatched her back. ‘You were miles away.’
‘Sorry.’
The excitement must be all too much. C’mon, it’s lunchtime anyway. I’ll take you out for a bite.’
On the way, Moira had called the Clocks Café ‘my little secret’. But as all seven of its ultra-narrow canary-yellow Formica tables were occupied, and people, waiting for these to become vacant, milled around the entrance, Wendy didn’t think it much of a secret at all. They ordered and, despite a lecture about post-11AM cappuccino being only for tourists, Ferruccio, the Clocks’ owner, brought them the drinks. ‘And your food will be along shortly, Maria.’
Ferruccio had been misnaming Moira for several years now. So the time when this should have been addressed had long since passed. To raise the issue now would be out of the question. Wendy had begun to correct the mistake but, underneath the table, a kick had rescued the situation.
Wendy thought about lunchtimes at No. 14: John and Michael shooting peas at her. Elbows invading the too-small-for-five-people table. The arguments about who’d finished what – and why hadn’t they written it on the list. Look at her now though – sipping a proper cappuccino in central London. Not so very long ago she’d longed only to be the one in the factory responsible for centring the cherries on Bakewell tarts. Instead, here she was eating a wrap of all things. Chatting about career plans. And using words like awfully and ironically. And then, when the bill arrived, Moira has insisted on paying it all. Yes, thought Wendy, if she grew up to be like Moira, with her world of Salsa classes, disastrous dates and a soon-to-be completed English Literature degree that would be just fine.
‘Wendy you were miles away again. So, do you?’ 
‘Sorry, do I what?’
‘Have a boyfriend? Or a girlfriend? Either. I’m just not using the word partner. Sorry, but I refuse to.’
It was a question that caught her off-guard. ‘I don’t think so.’ said Wendy, ‘There is a someone. A boy. But it’s kind of complicated.’
Asking for more, Moira said nothing. 
‘I don’t really know to be honest.’ said Wendy. ‘I think, in general, I prefer liquorice at the moment.’
‘You prefer liquorice?’ said Moira, ‘To boys?’
‘Well, to a boy. You can depend on liquorice. It never lets you down.’ Wendy winkled out the very last spoonful of coffee foam and examined it. ‘My mum and dad met at a funeral. D’you think that’s terrible?’
Moira didn’t answer. But she did let Wendy off lightly by saying that boy trouble sounded all very familiar and that she ought to prepare for more of it. Next, she explained the subtle differences between dating a person, seeing a person, and going out with a person. It was all a bit confusing, but Wendy said she sort of understood it. Then, after much haggling she managed to at least get the tip.

***

On the Tuesday evening Mr Darling asked Wendy how the second day had gone. 
‘It’s still great. This morning Moira brought butterfly cakes. Those huge ones from JukeBox.’
‘Really?’ said Mr Darling, ‘I didn’t think vegetarians ate butterflies.’
‘Careful or I’ll go full vegan on you.’
‘Great. Exactly what we’re needing.’
‘Yes it is!’ said Wendy, and she thrust up two sarcastic thumbs. ‘Anyway, she says – Moira – that she divides her life into two eras: before and after she discovered these cakes.’
‘That’s very Moira of her.’ said Mr Darling.
Sat there on the Tube, she’d said, Wendy, that it was all going well. But the truth was a little different. Monday she’d been happy to get her bearings. The way you might do on day one of a holiday. She’d hoped, though, that Tuesday would have revealed something useful. But it hadn’t. And now the clock was ticking. They rose, Wendy and her dad, and squeezed their way down the carriage. 
‘Well, Mr Hook is back tomorrow.’ said Mr Darling. ‘So less cake and more work. Things should get a little more serious with him around.’
As the train thundered into the second-last tunnel before home, Wendy hoped with all her heart that her father was right.

21. Spiritus
Wednesday October 29th 2014

Not so far from Hook’s office was found the boating pond at Underchurch Park. And it was around the pond that Hook would stroll each morning. He cherished the simplicity. It was a quiet place, Underchurch. At least at this hour. Only shortcutting bicycle couriers and joggers, grabbing the extra light provided by that weekend’s plunge from British Summer Time, were around this early. Keeping time with his strides, Hook’s battered brown leather briefcase – bearing RH, the fading stamp of his father’s initials – swung at his side.
By the pond, the boatkeeper’s tiny, squat cabin stood shuttered. Below the ticket window someone had doodled a foul cartoon and Hook had tutted at it. Fixed to the side of the hut was a sizeable miniature of a ship's wheel. It rotated, Hook recalled, when you spun it, and annoyed the boatkeeper by squeaking, and bashing against the wall of the structure. As a boy, it had been fun to creep towards the wheel, set it spinning, retreat behind a tree, then listen to the resultant blue language from inside the cabin.
Now, Hook crossed to the wheel and for the first time in decades placed his hand upon it. But when he yanked at the thing, it stayed put and he saw that the pivot in its centre had been tampered with to stop it revolving. Once, he'd had to stretch to reach the wheel's summit. Now of course he stood easily over it and saw that behind it, in places where a paintbrush couldn't reach, the muted green he remembered as a child remained.
A little further along, bound in a huddle, rocked the rowing boats and pedalos. The ropes lashing them together stretched and creaked. Bullied by the lapping water, they nudged against one another, making odd hollow sounds that travelled out towards the lavatories on the other side. 
Here at Underchurch, where everyone else saw enthusiastic amateurs enjoying thirty minutes for £3 (£4 for the hour) Hook, naturally, saw a fleet of galleons engaged in battle. He had names for all of the rowing boats. Number seven was the Cobweb. The Luminous, the one with the bow that seemed ready to collapse, she was number fifteen. Eight was the Neptune, eleven, the St Elmo, and fourteen the Lonesome Swan. The pedalos, though, he deemed unworthy of such honour. Pedals, he had once told Moira, were strictly for bicycles. And pianos. 
Hook looked out towards the little island in the centre of the oval pond. It was desolate at the moment, but on a sunny lunchtime he considered it a treat to see truants and tourists sailing around it. As a child he had been told a polar bear, an escapee from the zoo, lived there. Every morning, his mother had told him, it would swim to shore and wind the lamp post clock that boaters were expected to consult and adhere to. Snowball, he’d named the bear. And, in tribute to the aunt who’d created the legend, Amelia he’d called the island. An ice cream had once awaited a successful spot, and even now Hook would peer from a distance through the criss-crossed blue metal fence and on into the ferns that thrived on the tiny patch of land. It had seemed, he now thought, so much bigger when he’d been a boy. 
Sometimes, on quieter days, Hook would indulge in a quick row. It reminded him of punting on the Cherwell. Nowadays, though, he made do with drifting out towards Amelia. Then, if the fancy took him, and especially if the prohibited puffs of the boatkeeper’s pipe were rising from behind the cabin, he’d hop onto dry land for a moment. There Hook would imagine himself as a shipwrecked adventurer. And although he’d never admit it, would also keep an eye out for Snowball. 
This morning though, even Amelia, as mysterious and inviting as ever, failed to lift Hook’s mood. Overnight, another of those blasted paper boats had appeared. It was made from that same stolen copy of the Business Daily. This time though the gift had been left on his porch. Between the pages of that day’s paper he had found it. The culprit (the boy, as Hook well knew) had somehow concealed himself in the garden. He’d waited for the paper girl. And then he had struck.
From the opened newspaper, the boat had plunged onto Hook’s lap. The Procella in his cup had almost followed it. Then, with his good hand, Hook had held the thing aloft and scrutinised it. Identical it was, in every way, to the first one. That one was locked away, next to plan #1904, in his office drawer. Identical in every way, that is, except one: this time the boat’s underside – its hull – had been pierced. Judging by the jagged little silvery marks around the puncture, the hole, reckoned Hook, had been inflicted by a pencil. There was no doubt, though, about the message it communicated: you’re sunk. Satisfied that the boy had moved on, Hook had turned to enter again his home. But then a noise had made him jump. It had been a false alarm, though: only the weathered copper rain gauge he’d haggled for at Denham of Notting Hill. With impeccable timing it had reacted to the drizzle, its hand audibly clicking as it shifted down the dial. 
Now Hook stared out across the pond. How on earth had the boy tracked him to his own home in the first place? Damn cheek, to invade a man’s private dwelling; to trespass in the spot where he would sing sea shanties and tie knots – sheepshanks and clove hitches and sheet bends – in lengths of rope. Who knew what else the boy had observed? Had he laughed, for example, at Hook’s responses to the more serious quiz shows? Though alone, his answers were always spoken aloud. Had he mocked too his attempts at mastering the squeezebox? What right did this boy have to cut across his bow? The more Hook thought about it, the more it annoyed him. It was ungentlemanly. A violation. 
Hook nodded as a gaggle of joggers, each one kitted out in the green and purple hoops of the Coffington Harriers, whizzed by. One, in the middle of the pack, stumbled, and in a flash took down the entire back line. He watched the runners reassemble. Then they moved on, past the boatkeeper’s cabin, laughing and shoving one another. 
For luck, Hook saluted the solitary magpie jabbing at the cabin’s guttering. Then he began his walk to the office. It was true that he had admired, outside Pollet, the lad’s cunning. But enough was enough. In Hook’s eyes the red pennant had now been hoisted: a fight to the death. No quarter given. No prisoners taken. Fine, he thought: the sooner the brat is dealt with the better. 
From behind the island a swan glided out towards the pond. Then it landed silently on the water. Let’s see, thought Hook, just who sinks who when this affair is concluded.
He continued on, Hook, his good hand tightening around the boy’s boat. But he resisted the temptation to crush the thing, and placed it instead in the pocket of his coat. Around the cabin, more magpies began gathering. Some pecked at the sodden, rotting coir mat on the grass below the ticket window. Others joined the guttersnipe on the flat roof. There they hopped in circles on the patches of moss engulfing the tar. 
Had he turned around and scrutinised the birds, Hook, he’d have counted nine: the sign of the Devil.

***

‘You have to be careful though, Mr Hook,’ Moira was saying, ‘they can break a man’s arm. Isn’t that right?’ The closing query was directed at Wendy. The thrill, though, of being this close, at last, to Hook, had mugged the girl. ‘Can’t they, Wendy? A swan can break a man’s arm.’
‘I didn’t know that.’ said Wendy. Her response had been stilted and staccato. But now she was alert.
‘Well they can. I read it somewhere once. Somewhere trustworthy. But listen to me, all swans and arms. This is Mr Hook.’ Wendy approached the reception desk and extended a hand. Hook, automatically, offered his own, but the two withdrew at the sight of the bandage. Acknowledging the moment, Hook bowed his head for a moment. 
From the glances she’d grabbed that day in the moat, Wendy had built up a cursory picture of the man. But now, up close and in real life, he was taller and thinner than the creature she’d created. Her eye was drawn to the crimson buttonhole of a charcoal jacket, and then to an unfussy white shirt. Leaving it there he could have been everything or nothing, thought Wendy. An ad man like on that TV show of her mother’s maybe. Or someone risking an interview with no tie. A casino patron, (a winner or a loser), exiting in the small hours. But then there was that skull ring. And there were Italian shoes. And shoelaces tipped with chrome aglets. There was Spiritus too, the imported, waiting-list cologne that each morning soothed the swishes of a cut-throat razor. It took only seconds for Wendy to drink the details in. And when she’d finished, she doubled her guard. 
Hook, in return, dissected the girl. She was somewhat constructed, he thought. The shoes. T-barred and deliberate. That dress. Those clasps. And a charm bracelet. It was almost like she’d been put together from a kit. He’d seen girls just like this before. In junk shops and markets. And always on Saturday mornings. While he searched for anchors and sextants and bits and bobs salvaged from shipwrecks, they sought out knick-knacks like nightlights and typewriters, natty little portable record players and stacks of fifty-pence poetry books. Hook then, unearthing a broadly kindred spirit, relaxed, and with his left hand, waved gracefully towards the other. ‘Apologies. You find me somewhat curtailed. Wendy Darling, I presume?’
Darling. It was a curse, that name. One that invited a thousand jokes and puns, each less amusing and original than the last. But Hook, she noted, had resisted the opportunity to flirt or make fun.
‘That’s right.’ said Wendy. Then to remove the horrible pause that had emerged, she said ‘Thanks ever so much for letting me help you out.’ Thanks ever so much. Where on earth had that come from? 
‘The thanks are ours.’ said Hook. ‘Moira tells me you are keen as mustard and have already been of great service to her.’ 
Wendy thought about the cakes and the lunches. The funny internet clips. The long, intense talks about vintage fashion.
‘Well, I’ve tried my very best.’
‘I doubt it not for one second.’ said Hook, ‘Not for one second. But now, I must get on.’ He bowed again, more of a nod really, and strode away. The office door clicked shut. Only that cologne, with its incensy, Catholic mass scent remained. It reminded Wendy of being sat in prams or bent on knees at a succession of grandparents’ funerals. And of the service for Colette Parker who’d fallen from a pier when they’d both been very small. 
‘See,’ Moira said in a half whisper, ‘he’s not so scary.’
But Wendy wasn’t convinced. If Hook really was so harmless, why had Moira shielded those soft words behind her hand?
Wendy spent the morning filing the towers of paper that had risen on Moira’s desk. Via the intercom, Hook had referred to them as ‘monuments to disorder’. He’d insisted they be attended to. Wendy, hoping to discover something useful among them, had volunteered for the job. She had found, however, only invoices and receipts, junk mail and people’s CVs. 
And an unposted birthday card. 
‘Ah.’ said Moira, scrutinising the envelope, ‘That’s why she stopped answering my texts. Oh well.’
‘It’s one less funeral to go to, I suppose.’ said Wendy. Then she conceded that that was probably something not to think. Or, that if it could be thought, it should at least never be said out loud. Moira, though, played along.
‘There is that at least.’ 
So Wendy’s efforts disclosed nothing of value. But at least when Mr Darling had made a surprise visit she had looked busy.

***

At eleven o’clock precisely, Moira brought to Hook a cup of tea. 
And at 11:01 exactly, Wendy had learned, if nothing else, a brand-new swear word. It had come courtesy of Mr Hook and two teaspoons of sugar. 
At 11:02 Hook’s weary voice crackled from the intercom and Wendy was charged with removing his teacup. She knocked sharply on the office door.
‘Enter.’ called out Hook. Wendy opened the door slowly. And for the first time the two faced one another alone. 
‘What colour is the sky?’ said Hook. 
Wendy, puzzled, opened her mouth to respond, but Hook raised his good hand and stopped her. ‘Quid color est caelum?’ he said.
Wendy began to speak, but Hook jutted, again, his hand into the air. On his desk, a box marked Let’s Learn Latin! – In Thirty Minutes-A-Day! explained it all.
From Hook’s computer, a soulless female voice: ‘The sky is blue. Caelum caeruleum est.’
‘Except, of course, when it’s grey.’ said Hook flatly. Tired of being trumped by Jukes, he had resolved to master the language. But for now he tapped at the keyboard: class dismissed. 
‘Including guide dogs is, I think, my favourite.’ Moira had said on Monday morning. Wendy’s photo of the newsagent’s window sign had been a brilliant ice-breaker on that first day. Now, feeling a bit daft, the girl held her phone in front of Hook. Moira had assured her he’d find the snap amusing. Caught off-guard, Hook squinted into the screen. Wendy watched him, worried that she’d been too forward. But then Hook played along. Reading the text silently, his appalled expressions became more pronounced with every line. 
‘I thought No children just edged it.’ said Wendy. She felt more comfortable now. Hook looked to the girl for a moment. Then he read, again, the words, this time in a stage whisper.
‘No tourist information or directions for me.’ he said, ‘Although they’re all unspeakable. And communicated in a typeface to match. A list created, I fancy, by the kind of miserable specimen who’d find a fellow’s wallet and keep it for himself.’
Wendy pulled the phone away.
‘Here for the crockery?’ Wendy nodded and Hook slid the teacup across his desk. ‘It’s such a superb word isn’t it?’ and he pronounced it syllable-by-syllable, ‘cro-cke-ry.’
‘I’ve always thought so.’ agreed Wendy. And she wasn’t just saying it to please him. ‘I’ve got a word of the day thing on my phone. Like an app. It generates a new word each morning and tells you a bit about it. Like, its history and entomology. Today’s was clowder. Which means a group or cluster of cats.’ 
She felt a bit geeky now, Wendy, but as Hook seemed interested – and didn’t have the heart to explain the difference between entomology and etymology – she continued. ‘My favourite word’s ephemeral though.’ and to show off a bit, she added a clever postscript that Hook appreciated ‘But it won't be that forever.’
‘Also a word of worth.’ said Hook. ‘Unlike the one you may have recently heard me yelling. If it soiled your ears, I apologise: I don’t transform into Oscar Wilde until fifteen minutes past eleven.’ And for effect he produced his pocket watch, opening and closing the case in one well-practiced movement. 
‘I wouldn’t worry,’ said Wendy, ‘I hear much worse at school.’
‘I pity your teachers.’ replied Hook.
‘It’s the teachers I was talking about.’
‘Oh. Nevertheless, it is pleasing,’ continued Hook, ‘to witness the valuing of the lexicon in one so young. Verbum sapienti sati est and all that.’ And when Wendy said nothing, Hook felt compelled to offer a translation: ‘A word to the wise is sufficient.’
‘Precisely.’ said Wendy. 
‘Precisely.’ said Hook, and with his good hand he lifted the cup and saucer. As Wendy clasped the plate though, Hook held onto it too and fixed her with a stare. ‘A riddle to ponder: At night they come out without being fetched. By day they are lost without being stolen. What are they?’
Wendy thought for a few moments, watched, all the while, by Hook. ‘The stars?’
Hook smiled, said ‘Ha!’, then released his grip on the saucer. ‘The stars! And you are a bright one indeed.’ Wendy, though, was looking over Hook’s shoulder. Something had caught her eye. Hook glanced backwards for a moment. ‘The painting?’
Wendy nodded. 
‘You have a good eye.’ said Hook. 
They each idled over to the work. A small plate in the centre of its ornate frame read Captain Albert Hook and, below this, the title: A Gentleman Born of the Ocean (1684). 
Upon the huge canvas was painted a man dressed in rich-red velvet. From his ears hung golden hoops. Dark curls cascaded to his shoulders and across his chest he held a pistol made from wood and metal. Wendy bent into the right-hand corner of the painting. There, like a logo, was located the artist’s initials: GA. Even this detail had been crafted, with the spur from the upper-case G elegantly extending into the bar across the A.
‘Is that really from all that long time ago?’ said Wendy. Hook nodded.
‘It must be worth a million pounds or something.’ said Wendy.
Hook, charmed by the girl’s naivety (as was her plan) said ‘Well, I’m not so sure about that. But whatever its value, its presence to me is priceless.’
Wendy leaned even closer into the picture and saw, clearly, the brushstrokes this GA had made. 
 ‘That’s a flintlock.’ said Wendy, pointing at the weapon. ‘You see them in pirate films.’
At this, Hook laughed, though somewhat nervously.
‘This is my ancestor. Captain Albert Hook.’ and Hook gestured to the painting’s title plate, ‘He was a proud seafaring man. And, in those days, perhaps, a bit of a rake. A rogue. A, how might one put it? ‘
‘A pirate, I would have thought.’ said Wendy. She’d unpacked that phrasing her father liked so much. Then, not yet finished, she raised one eyebrow, a useful device she’d learned from her mother. The one-two combo caught Hook unawares, and he sputtered a defence. 
‘Well, I think pirate is perhaps too blunt a word, my girl. He was, after all, a man of considerable standing in his community.’
Bam! Again, that eyebrow of hers almost knocked Hook’s block off. He frowned and searched for words. ‘That is to say that, yes, he may have bent the odd rule, or perhaps cut a corner or two,’ and at this point Hook entered that comforting land of daydreams he often visited, ‘but men of ambition have to do such things. To fully realise their destiny.’
That, thought Wendy, was an interesting thing to hear. Precisely what rules was Hook himself looking to bend? Which corners would he be cutting? And how was she going to find out?
Hook sat himself back at his desk. Then he picked up that morning’s paper boat, intending to unravel it once more when the girl left the room. But for Wendy it was another chance to delay things. With her free hand she pointed to the thing and was about to say something – anything – to keep herself in the office when Hook gripped his forehead, closed his eyes and wailed quietly. ‘Please. I couldn’t bear to talk about origami. Not on a Wednesday morning.’ Then he gestured to reception. ‘Besides, the telephone, I believe, is ringing.’
Wendy jogged back to reception, all the while wondering why a Wednesday morning, specifically, was so inappropriate a day for origami chat. Then she heard a robotic snatch of Latin before Hook’s door swung closed. By a whisker she beat Moira to the phone. 
‘Good morning, Pendulum Properties. Mr Hook’s office.’
‘Ah, good morning.’ The voice rose above the sound of background chatter. ‘Can I speak with Mr Hook please?’
‘May I ask who is calling please?’ said Wendy.
‘Of course. It’s Samuel Smee.’ Sat, across the city, in his cubicle, Smee grabbed at his mouth. Hook had told him a hundred times never to say anything to anyone at Pendulum that could link them both to the fairground scheme. It’s why they’d agreed he was to be called Johnstone. Had he gotten away with it? Probably. After all, what had he really given up? His name. Nothing more. Nothing less. It would mean not a thing to anyone. He relaxed.
‘Thank you.’ said Wendy. Quickly, she wrote Samuel Smee in the margins of the notes she’d taken on her first day. Moira hovered close by. Wendy’s plummy accent was making her giggle. But she still gave the girl a thumbs-up. ‘You’re doing great.’ she whispered. 
Trying hard not to sound like she was reading from a prompt sheet, Wendy said ‘And may I ask what this is regarding?’
It was someone’s birthday, and in Smee’s office a tin of sweets was being passed from cubicle to cubicle. Distracted, he followed its progress. 
‘It’s regarding a proposed project on Old Valhalla Road.’ And again he cursed himself. Now he’d given away the location too. No matter. What would it mean, really, to a receptionist? 
But of course to Wendy, it meant a great deal. And when Smee had eventually been wired through to Hook’s office, the tin of sweets, home only to foil and coloured cellophane now, was dropped into the bin beside his desk.
On the way home, Wendy called upon the services of the fictional Samantha. The story she told Mr Darling involved the borrowing of a book. Essential, she said, for schoolwork. Then she overcooked the whole thing by inventing its title and author. Tinfoil Tiaras she had called it, by a Victoria… the signage on a passing truck helped her out… Lyons.
Mr Darling had reluctantly agreed to the detour. ‘Just be back in good time for tea.’ he’d said. Guilt jabbed at Wendy on the way to Neverland. But she ignored it. She simply had to tell Peter about this Smee.

***

‘But what use is it really?’ asked Peter. The boy had fixed his hammock up inside the Gargoyle’s galley. Frowning at the patched-up ceiling, he rocked gently back and forth. Tink lay at his feet, chewing on something. 
‘Lots.’ said Wendy. Facing the boy, she sat, eager, on a crate. ‘Now we have a name. Hang on.’ Wendy whipped out her phone and tapped it quickly. ‘God. This takes hours here.’ Annoyed, she angled the phone in the air. ‘You’d think I was trying to fly to Mars. There. There he is. Samuel Smee.’ 
She rose and held the phone so Peter could read, as best he could, the screen. ‘Administration Officer,’ said Wendy, ‘at Spicerhill Council’s Planning and Estates Department.’ A grey silhouette in a box indicated where Smee’s photo should have sat.
He glanced at the thing, the boy, but slumped back into the hammock. 
‘Peter, this one slip,’ and Wendy nodded at the phone, ‘could be great news for you. Tomorrow, at the office, who knows what else I can find out.’
But to Peter the word ‘council’ was a red flag. It meant authority. Strength. An enemy with the power to flatten Neverland twice before breakfast. 
To raise the boy’s spirits, Wendy stayed a while. She described Hook. She thought it would be useful to him. But he seemed offended by her talk of his buttonholed jacket, jewellery and cologne. And when she spoke of the daily deliveries of flowers Moira had told her of, and of the hour of opera that leaked from his office at midday, the boy, like an ex feigning disinterest, pretended to snore. 
Wendy rose. ‘You’d better start taking this all a bit more seriously.’ she said, ‘Instead of mucking around with horses’ manes or dead flies on strings or whatever you get up to when I’m not around.’ She had to get home anyway, but a sudden, dramatic exit might give the boy something to think about. Something other than himself. 
From the galley, Peter watched Wendy walking to the fence. It had gotten dark quickly. He searched the early evening sky for the Wendybird. But tonight the clouds had plotted against him. And when he looked out towards the girl again she’d disappeared. Obscured by the clown’s head, she was, and then out through the gap she’d gone. 
Treaclers lose six-in-a-row read the headline at Frampton’s. As Wendy, fearful of the clock, quickened her walk to No. 14, Peter couldn’t help but feel that time had begun ticking down also on his Neverland.

22. Kit
Wednesday October 29th 2014

Dinner that night was quicker than usual.
Mr and Mrs Darling had scored a couple of tickets for Dial ‘M’ For Murder at the Imperium. A workmate of Mrs Darling’s was playing the chief inspector. ‘We need a full house,’ he had told her that lunchtime, ‘or they’ll close us early. Daisy’s entire family are travelling across from Dublin on Saturday and if it’s been pulled by then she’ll kill me. I’ve honestly never known stress like it.’
‘Amateur dramatics indeed.’ said Mr Darling, ‘I’m sure they’ll soldier on until Saturday.’
Mrs Darling pointed at Nana and Mr Darling grabbed the lead from its nail on the kitchen door. Nana rose and circled around his feet, her claws clicking on the laminate.
‘I’ll go again if it’s any good, actually.’ said Mrs Darling, ‘The film’s terrific. Right,’ and she nodded at Wendy and John and Michael, ‘Who’s clearing the table?’
Wendy, in charge for the evening, waved the boys away. She’d be faster on her own. As she lifted the plates, her mother fussed around with a hairbrush. 
‘How’s Samantha?’
‘Oh, fine.’ said Wendy. Then she crossed her fingers. Mrs Darling pulled on her coat. 
‘Tickets... Tickets?’
‘On the table, mum.’
‘Table? Where?’
‘There.’
‘That’s a sideboard.’
‘Sideboard then.’
‘You should ask her round for tea sometime, this Samantha.’
‘I will. She’s going away soon, though. On holiday, I mean.’ Then Wendy expertly steered the conversation to Halloween. It was always a big event in the Darling household. But amid the chatter of pumpkins and monkey nuts, Wendy couldn’t help thinking that her mother believed not a word about this Samantha. For her part, Mrs Darling played along, talking convincingly about costumes and apple-ducking and, for the moment, parked her concerns and suspicions about Wendy’s invisible friend. 
The number of lies seemed to grow every day, thought Wendy. With each new fib another two or three were usually needed just to prop the original story up. Only yesterday she’d told her dad that the charm bracelet had remained unclaimed; that the park keepers had said she should keep it. She’d hoped that doing tonight’s washing-up was penance enough. That good deeds and crossed fingers made it all OK. But she knew they didn’t. If only to put a stop to the lies, she would be glad to get to the end of this Neverland business. She remembered what Mr McGee, quoting Mark Twain, had once told the English class: If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything. 
The boys had plugged their game into the bigger TV downstairs. So alone in her room Wendy had been researching this Smee on the internet. But she’d found little of use. He was, she discovered, a collector of coins and had signed a petition in favour of reintroducing the half-pence. 
For a few moments she sat in the dark. From the landing: nine bells. Then John and Michael clattered up the stairs, all wires and dropped controllers. Then came the plugging-in of cables and the jabbing-on of switches that preceded yet another round of that bloody Porthos game. Banishing Smee, Wendy closed her laptop and wriggled completely below the bedclothes. 
Tomorrow, she hoped, would reveal something beyond a hobby and its nostalgia for obsolete fractions.
‘Did you switch the lights and the big telly off?’ said Wendy. But nobody answered.

***

It was almost midnight and sleep, for Wendy, was elsewhere. The boys though had tired themselves out. They’d fallen swiftly and deeply, the heroes in their game suspended mid-adventure.
Wendy looked across at her brothers. From the day that bed had been delivered both had wanted the top bunk. Mr and Mrs Darling, sick of the squabbling, now made them swap every three months. Mr Darling even marked the dates in the kitchen calendar. Currently, Michael was on top, and he would be until New Year’s Eve.
From on high, Kit, Michael’s soft stuffed hare, peeped out from proper glass eyes. She had been rescued, the hare, in 1958, from the lost property box of the Asterion Theatre. Beneath seat G 12 of the grand circle, an usherette had shone her torch on the toy and screamed at what she thought was a rat. 
As panto season trundled on, the unclaimed hare seemed destined for the theatre’s props department. But on closing night – of a quite-well-reviewed production of Sleeping Beauty – Mr Darling’s father had spied the thing through the ticket window. Inside a carton of hats and scarves and unpaired gloves it lay. After a bit of waffle he had slipped the shy girl behind the glass, all braces and blushes, 4d for it. ‘Buy yourself something nice.’ he’d said.
On the bus-ride home, Elizabeth, Mr Darling’s older sister, had named the hare Kit. No one knew why, but one theory, advanced several years later, is that Elizabeth had misheard the conductor’s calls for tickets. It had become two words: the kits. Then just one: Kit. 
Since then, tradition dictated that the youngest Darling child inherited this Kit. So when, after not many years, Mr Darling – our Mr Darling; a smaller brother for Elizabeth – was born, the hare had become his. As no younger siblings had emerged, Mr Darling had looked after Kit for almost forty years. But then Wendy had occurred. Reluctantly, he had tucked the treasured Kit – the fur below her muzzle still stained from well-meaning teaspoons of cod liver oil – into his baby daughter’s cot and said something noble. And now Kit had passed rapidly from Wendy to John and to Michael.
With her orangey-brown eyes Kit had a strange way of looking through a person. It began to give Wendy the creeps. She faced the wall and thought of the child who had left Kit in the theatre. What name had they given her? And why had they never returned and brought her home? 
These were questions designed to tire Wendy out. But all this thinking was only keeping her awake. So instead, by nightlight, she counted the charms on her bracelet. One: a heart, two: an acorn, three: a horseshoe, four: a bee, five: a star, six: a treasure chest and seven: a bell. She gave her arm a gentle shake and smiled at the tiny ringing sounds. And before the final jingle she was sound asleep.
For his part, across the railings and rooftops, Peter slept restlessly and alone. Below his hammock: a stout sycamore branch lay in easy reach. Roped to it: a jagged black rock, the size of a man’s fist. Anxiety and gloom had descended on Neverland. 
Soon it would be time. 
Even for a biscuit Tink would not be wrenched from her spot opposite the gap. There, at the fence, not a single rat escaped her keen ears. The Spicerhill Spartans, or the assorted vandals who sometimes tried their luck, they too would be ill-advised to attempt entry this night.
Beneath blankets, both Peter and Wendy fought the battle to come. But only one dreamed of victory.

23. Two Wizards and a Witch
Thursday October 30th 2014

Mr William Jukes flicked impatiently through Ennui magazine. Then, bored with designer lime zesters and the bruised, thin girls of perfume ads, he swept the thing, slowly, cinematically, into the basket beneath his desk. On the way down, its pages briefly opened out and a wines-by-post flyer escaped. It landed at Jukes’ feet. Annoying. He rose and stretched, binned the leaflet, then, with his palms pressed upon it, Jukes stared into the huge map of London that dominated almost one entire wall of his office. Here and there, amid its grey tangle of districts and boroughs, had been jabbed twenty or so coloured pins. Jukes’ eyes hopped from one pin to the next, gliding first north-to-south, then east-to-west.
Unless you knew Mr Jukes and his business, someone would have to tell you that he was staring not at a map of the city at all. This was an empire in the making. These pins of his denoted progress and ambition:
Green pins confirmed the places where a JukeBox had been built. 
Red pins indicated potential sites for yet another JukeBox store. 
An orange-topped pin – and there were many of these stabbing the city – showed sites in development.
William Jukes leaned closer into the map and focused on one orange dot in particular. In anticipation of success, it skewered the district of Spicerhill. Specifically, it punctured one end of the Old Valhalla Road. The unpopular end. The unvisited end. It was a location that defined Jukes’ strategy of building on the cheapest possible sites close enough to the maximum possible market. 
As a former Army officer, Jukes was used to keeping his emotions in check. But the thought of replacing orange with green made his heart quicken and his palms itch. His goal, after all, was to make true a private motto carved upon his heart: A JukeBox for every Londoner. Forget alcohol or tobacco, flesh or narcotics. The great map before him was Jukes’ principal vice, addiction and weakness. He traced, with his finger, the distance between the orange pin on Old Valhalla Road and the closest green pin, a little further west in Brookhope. It had to happen.
London, though, would be merely the beginning. One day, thought Jukes, he’d be facing an atlas not just of a city, but of a nation. Even a whole continent. But why stop there? If, one day, contact was made with little green men, it would be his little green pins that would be peppering the star maps. 

***

‘Perfect. An infusion of a quality that has never before graced this gilded cage.’ said Hook. He sat at his desk, his good hand pinching at the handle of a teacup. ‘Too often I’m brought,’ and at this point he lowered his voice to a hiss, ‘a cup with the taste of the Thames.’
‘I wrote it all down,’ said Wendy, ‘here.’ She pulled up, for a moment, the sleeve of her cardigan and revealed a scrawled-on right arm. Hook read the neat little list of annotated instructions. She truly was, this Wendy Darling, her father’s daughter. 
‘A worthy tattoo.’
On the Tube ride in she’d worked out, the girl, that tea was the key. If she could be the one to make and deliver the eleven and three o’clock cups, she would be the one that got to be in Hook’s office. Even for a minute or so. And when there, who knew what she might see? A report left on a shelf perhaps. A name scribbled on a notepad. Something unshredded at the bottom of the waste-paper basket. 
And so it happened that at 10:55, the reception telephone had rung. Wendy, engaged in box files some distance from the desk, had watched Moira pick the thing up. Then the girl had left the files and headed to the kitchen. 
At the beginning of the week she’d explained, Moira, the ritual: Hook’s tea leaves were stored in an airtight tin specially supplied by his blender, Mr Crichton Gore of Gore of Mayfair. Into a gadget called an infuser – in Hook’s case a silver whale on a delicate chain – went two teaspoons of Hook’s Procella blend. This was left in a warmed teacup of boiled spring water for precisely four minutes. 
Calling the desk from her mobile had been a rotten thing for Wendy to do. But it had occupied Moira at exactly the hour the tea was to be made. 
Now, stood in his office, Wendy scanned Hook’s desk. But he was a man of rules and order. And a man, also, of caution. Only a fountain pen and that grand silver model of the Cassandra sat next to the plate of biscuits she had brought. Beyond the desk were filing cabinets. All locked. And anyway, even if she got the chance, the idea of plucking a hairpin from her head and popping drawers open made Wendy uneasy. It felt just a little too much like reading someone else’s diary. No, she decided, the way to do this was by keeping eyes wide open and ears to the ground.
As Hook dipped a biscuit in his tea, he counted to three and triumphantly removed it. ‘Yes. A perfect morning.’ he said. The man was in the brightest of moods. It was a tiny detail that urged Wendy to strike.
‘So, any interesting developments going on?’ It was a clumsy broadside. Rubbish, really. But she had to begin the thing somewhere. Flattered, though, Hook launched directly into a list of plans and permissions. On his good hand, he counted them off:
‘The old Saint Theodora’s primary school on... I can’t recall the street exactly…’
‘Danfield Road’ said Wendy, ‘If it’s the one over in Brittlefield, I mean. Can’t be too many Saint Theodoras, I’d have thought.’
‘I concur. It is Brittlefield. And Danfield Road is…’ and here Hook added the pause of a game show host, ‘…correct. That will be flats. Posh ones. Well, posh-ish. D’you know Cecilhurst Library?’
Wendy nodded.
‘That’s merging with Graycourt. So we’re putting up a shopping arcade in the spring.’
Wendy’s face must have soured at this point. 
‘The library?’ said Hook, ‘Yes, it is somewhat regrettable.’ But when he saw that the girl remained unconvinced, his tone became defensive. ‘I’m not a philistine, you understand. In fact I’m a big fan of local libraries.’ Then his manner changed to one of resignation. ‘If it wasn’t us it’d be someone else.’
‘Of course.’ said Wendy. And she pretty much accepted that Hook was actually probably right.
‘It’ll all be tastefully done. It’s mainly jewellers, I believe. In the arcade. And we’ll build them a new annexe.’ and he waited, in vain, for some sign of approval from the girl, ‘At Graycourt I mean. An annexe. For children. With desks and computers and things, because,’ and he jabbed a stump of biscuit into the tea, ‘heaven forefend that we should forget about the children.’
At last Wendy nodded, and Hook was glad to have attracted even cursory approval from the girl. 
Her mother was right, Wendy thought, that he did, Hook, employ a vocabulary belonging to another age: ‘I’ll telephone to her’ rather than ‘I’ll phone her’. Or ‘Moira, at what o’clock is the meeting?’ instead of ‘What time is the meeting?’ Via Mr Darling the girl had learned also that where everyone else called the thing a mobile, he used the term ‘pocket telephone’. Although endearing at first, this affectation had become rapidly irritating to Hook’s colleagues. ‘It could be worse, though,’ her father had said, ‘he could call them cellphones.’ 
 ‘What else...’ said Hook. 
And here, to Wendy’s delight, Hook pulled open a drawer and plucked from it a sheet of paper. He pushed it across the desk. ‘These are all our developments – planned, pending or in production.’ Hook fanfared those last alliterative words with three sharp knocks. As he sipped his tea, then tutted at something pinging into his computer, Wendy’s eyes raced down the columns of tiny type:
#3231 15 East Bradshaw Street – application for four studio flats
#5162 Dipridge Canal (lock-keeper’s cottage) – application for bistro
#7294 Brittlefield Tube – application for craft beer brewery
#3406 Grixhill House& Saint Peter’s chapel, 13 & 15 East Sylvia Way – application for restaurant and adjoining public house
#1107 12 – 16 Hamilton Mews – application for detached villa and garage
Like a wizard, across London Hook was busy changing stables into apartments and banks into pubs. Where once stood a factory, with a rustle of paperwork he seemed able to conjure up a hotel. On and on the list continued. From one end of the city to the other, it yanked Wendy from boarded-up theatres and swimming pools to closed-down railway offices and telephone exchanges.
What was missing, of course, was any reference to Neverland. The development, Wendy assumed, would be listed under Old Valhalla Road or, at a push, Lisbon Street or, even less likely, New Adventure Land. But in no guise was it typed upon the paperwork.
‘Lots going on, as you can see.’ said Hook.
‘What a cool job.’ said Wendy. It was all she could think of to lengthen the moment; to buy more time with the list.
‘It’s fine enough.’ said Hook, ‘But sometimes I believe I’d be just as happy running a stationer’s in Hartlepool.’
Somehow Wendy couldn’t imagine this man selling people drawing pins and notebooks. In Hartlepool or anywhere else. But it was fun to picture it.
Wendy would have loved to hang on to the document, take a photo of it, or even copy it next door. But Hook swiftly swapped it for an empty teacup. Then she was shooed back out to reception, her hopes dashing against the sound of that drawer being locked.

***

The first hour of Wendy’s afternoon was spent in a muddle of theories:
Maybe there had been a Neverland entry and she’d overlooked it. 
Perhaps the list wasn’t quite up to date? 
Could there be another page in that drawer? 
Or, most acutely, had Hook cottoned on to her plan and sold her a red herring?
These queries nagged at Wendy as Moira reeled off the tasks Hook squeezed into her ‘receptionist’ job title: appointment-booker; excuse-maker; hotel-booker; bow tie-fixer... But the truth is that Wendy could have looked for a year and no sign would she have found of plan #1904. Hook was an expert at covering his tracks. In the last couple of days he had made it his business to remove all official traces of the entry. Now, no gossiping paper trail or computer file would anyone be able to find. Even Mr Darling, who knew the filing system backwards.
As the list of duties – brogues-polisher; cufflink-fastener; flower-arranger – continued filling the space between them, Moira noticed Wendy’s racing mind. ‘You’re not quite here today, are you?’ And she was right. Inside herself, Wendy was trying to stitch scraps of this and that into something substantial. But she was getting nowhere. 
‘C’mon.’ said Moira, ‘Time for lunch.’
With the Clocks Café queued out the door, Wendy and Moira settled for some soup from a cart. Then they sat on a pair of concrete posts and watched the pigeons. 
‘See that man there.’ said Wendy, and she pointed a wooden stirrer at a figure in a suit.
‘Him? With the, what do you call them?’
‘Nordic walking poles.’ said Wendy.
‘That’s right. Swedish I was going to say. What about him?’
‘It wasn’t him I was talking about. Him. That one with the suit and the overcoat.’
‘Oh. What on earth’s he doing with his phone?’
‘It’s not a phone.’ said Wendy, ‘He’s got no vocal cords. That thing he’s holding, it’s a bit like a microphone. It amplifies what he’s saying.’
‘Well, don’t let’s stare.’ said Moira, and she looked into her soup. ‘How’s yours?’
‘Better than my dad’s turnip one.’ said Wendy. ‘It’s watercress. And mint. Want a sip?’
Moira shook her head. 
‘Oh for heaven’s sake. Cover that up.’ She’d just noticed, Moira, an upwards arrow spray-painted onto Wendy’s post. Below the arrow were daubed the words £10 an hour. Wendy obscured the scrawl with her leg. 
‘Twenty, more like.’ she said. ‘Or fifteen for the half.’ Then she nodded to that man with the voicebox. He slapped the back of a colleague and disappeared into a sandwich place.
‘In the summer, a man like that came into the shop. Into Foxtrot.’ said Wendy, ‘He wanted a dress for his daughter’s graduation.’
‘Did he buy one?’
‘Yeah. We gave him a discount.’
‘Why?’
‘Well, he had no vocal cords.’
Moira clamped her phone to her throat. ‘I’ll need to try that.’
Wendy dropped a piece of bread roll for a pigeon. ‘She swapped it the next week. The daughter.’
A collection of smartly dressed women, not massively older than Wendy, passed close by. From purple ribbons around their necks swung ID cards. Proper ones with photos and holograms and bar codes. Grander, thought Wendy, than hers. Hers was just a folded piece of paper stuffed into a little rectangle of plastic. The group of young women chattered and laughed, and their buckled shoes made busy clacking sounds on the pavement. 
‘Don’t be in too much of a rush to grow up.’ Moira had been watching Wendy following the women’s beeline for the deli. ‘You’ll have plenty of time to ride your bike without stabilisers.’
The women took their place in the queue, pointing and laughing at something on a phone. Wendy gave her soup a quick stir. ‘I haven’t used stabilisers for years.’
‘I didn’t mean it literally.’
‘I know. I was just being daft.’ She was a bit fed up, Wendy. Conscious that she’d at this moment passed the halfway point of her penultimate day, Hook’s office had so far revealed nothing. Snooping on the reception computer had drawn a blank too, although a page left open by Moira had at least brought some levity via AdmitIt – a site encouraging people to reveal their secrets:
I live alone and sometimes only flush the toilet after every second pee
In the supermarket I buy the bashed cans because I feel sorry for them
When my workmates ask me how my weekend was I make stuff up to hide the fact I never did anything and don’t have a boyfriend
 On the stroll back, Moira suggested Wendy spend an hour in Mr Darling’s part of the building. ‘It’s like the land that time forgot down there,’ said Moira, ‘but it’ll break up the afternoon for you.’

***

‘In you come.’ It was unusual for anyone to knock on the door of Mr Darling’s office. It was here that the firm’s plans were updated and filed, so anyone with an interest, mainly the company’s architects or someone from its legal department, generally just swanned in with little ceremony. 
At the far end of the office stood three large desks. Behind the middle one sat Mr Darling. To his left, a woman typed away at a keyboard. The third sat vacant. 
‘Look busy,’ said Mr Darling in a stage whisper, ‘Here’s the boss.’
It seemed to take Wendy an age to walk across the thin carpet. Moira, she thought, hadn’t been joking when she’d said that time had abandoned this place. Sure, computers did sit upon the imposing trio of desks, but even they looked from another era: all beige and huge and clunky.
‘This is Louise.’ said Mr Darling. Louise looked up, smiled, and ushered the girl into the empty chair. 
She must have caught, Louise, Wendy’s silent observations because she immediately began complaining about (and disassociating herself from) the various office relics on show. ‘I mean, take that thing.’ She waved towards a whining, sputtering printer. It was belching out yet another massive plan. ‘It’s so old we should be charging people admission to look at it.’ Ancient also was the monitor now facing Wendy. Where modern screens and TV sets were flat and slim, this thing was bloated and overbearing, its vented plastic casing bulging at the rear and extending a good twelve or so inches. Wendy had never seen anything like it.
At this point Mr Darling fired a knowing smirk across the way. Louise tapped on her keyboard and, onscreen, coloured words began to flash up. One at a time they appeared, spinning into view from left and right. The shrill, computery tune that had accompanied the display faded away as eventually the words settled into a heading: 
Welcome, 
visitor, 
to 
the 
Administration 
Department 
of 
Pendulum
Properties
‘Just a short guide to what we get up to here.’ said Louise. The words Administration Department began to pulse on and off, ‘I put it together myself.’
‘Don’t worry, Wendy. It’s only lasts around twenty minutes.’ said Mr Darling, and he pulled a face behind Louise.
‘It’s closer to half an hour now actually, George.’ and as Louise turned to face him, Wendy shot her best daggers at her dad, ‘I did a few updates when I was across in Florida.’
‘But you were on holiday.’
‘Well, honeymoon. But it only took a couple of days. A lot of legal stuff needed looked at so I had a quick crack at it.’
‘Of course. I’ve yet to check that out, myself.’ He winked at Wendy.
‘Well, make sure you do.’ Louise jabbed at the keyboard. ‘Here we go.’
What followed was a potted summary of Mr Darling’s department. Louise explained it all, as heading-after-heading pinged up on the screen: 
Administration – the silent force that oils our company’s cogs 
Can we build it? No, we can’t! – the perils of pooh-poohing planning permission
Is it a bingo hall? Is it a cinema? No – it’s a new 500-seat fusion-dining experience with first-rate apartments and underground parking attached! 
Throughout the presentation – and it was closer to forty, not thirty, minutes – Wendy had hoped that somewhere, like a mislaid sock, some piece of valuable information might emerge. But it didn’t. When at last it was over, and she had thanked Louise with way too much gusto, she idled across to the other end of the office. Here, lining the wall, were dozens of little wooden cubby-holes. Inside these, like rifle barrels, long rolls of paper poked out. On the shelf edges a handwritten label indicated the plan number and name. Wendy began pulling one out, and when she stopped to turn and seek permission, Mr Darling looked up from his phone call and waved her on. She read the label: #0006 Knaresborough Spa.
Surely too much, thought Wendy, to hope that here, amid the empty churches and flogged-off pumping stations, Neverland’s future had been rolled up in paper and fastened with red elastic. Certainly, it was worth a go. So, even though she assumed that the entire building 
knew precisely what she was up to, Wendy scanned, quickly, as many labels as she could:
#2591 (i) Gallows Lane 
#0128 Tarterfield Sugar Refinery
#4802 Rushfield Sluice
But despite Louise’s grand heading – Filing: finding the lost art of order – she could locate no logic in the system and, therefore, no cloaked reference to Neverland. 
Attempting that morning’s trick, Wendy called out to no one in particular whether any unusual projects were happening. Louise peeked up from behind her screen. For a moment the tap-tap-tapping stopped. ‘We’re turning an old glue factory into halls of residence. Sticky Students it’s going to be called. Over Waterloo way. For me, that’s the most interesting one we’ve got on right now.’
‘Well that’s not strictly true.’ A man had stepped into the office. Wet, and shaking softly an umbrella, in his other hand he held a brown paper bag of lunch. He introduced himself as Paul. Wendy looked towards this Paul, hopeful of hearing something useful. In the end though, only a lame joke emerged. ‘We’re right in the middle of turning Buckingham Palace into a shopping centre.’
‘Up the revolution!’ called out Mr Darling. Then the sound of Louise’s keyboard strokes began once more.
So Wendy had learned nothing new. It had, though, been interesting to at last see where Mr Darling spent his days. Even so, she didn’t fully dismiss the old family joke that he was actually a spy. 
When eventually she saw her chance to escape, Wendy seized it. She thanked everyone for their time and headed up the stairs towards Hook’s lair. She didn’t hear the words of course, but for the rest of the afternoon Mr Darling would be congratulated, at regular intervals, on raising such a lovely, well-mannered daughter.
‘Someone’s made a great impression.’ said Moira from behind her desk. ‘Mr Hook was so disappointed that it was only me bringing his three o’clock tea.’
Wendy was disappointed too. In her father’s office she’d gambled and lost. And now the already-scarce opportunities to get inside Hook’s office had reduced by one. ‘I’m sure he was joking.’ said Wendy.
‘Well, joking or not he’ll get his wish soon enough.’ 
‘What do you mean?’ said Wendy.
‘It’s probably illegal – in fact, let’s face it, it is illegal – but you’ll be running the show tomorrow. I’m getting on my broomstick for the Halloween weekend. Off to Pendle with the girls. Hired a creepy old cottage. Leaving this evening.’ 
Moira thought Wendy looked a little frightened. ‘Don’t worry. Fridays are quiet.’
But it wasn’t fear that Moira had observed. It was Wendy’s mind racing. With Moira absent, she’d surely have more chances of unearthing Hook’s plans. 
‘If you like, I can ask Matt in reception to answer the phones.’ said Moira.
‘Oh no, it’s fine.’ said Wendy, ‘Heaven forefend that you should bother reception.’ 
She kept a straight face, Moira, despite observing that Wendy had caught, like so many before her, Hook’s language flu. ‘You’ve taught me so much. I can put it to good use tomorrow.’
‘Great,’ said Moira, ‘but like I said, nothing ever happens on Fridays. Heaven forefend that it should.’
‘Very funny.’ said Wendy. 

24. Pumpkins and Paper Chains
Thursday October 30th 2014

From the moment they had stepped out of the office that evening, Mr Darling had detected something was troubling Wendy. Whatever it was, it had boarded the train and sat with them for the entire journey. So apparent was it, that Mr Darling feared it might require a ticket for the barrier. And on the ten-minute walk from Spicerhill station to No. 14, he at last said ‘OK Wendy, let’s hear it.’
Curiously, it wasn’t the Neverland business. Nor was it the opportunities Moira’s absence might bring. 
It turned out to be something and nothing. When set against Hook’s domain – his massive office and everything that went with it – Wendy’s visit to Mr Darling’s department had magnified the differences between the two men. Not for her dad one entire floor of the building. Nor those punctual cups of designer tea. Or a Moira to ruin them all with sugar. In fact, Wendy had thought, the only thing they really shared was their fondness for saying this thing or that thing was ‘bad form’. Was he, Mr Darling, happy? Wendy had asked. Happy enough. Wasn’t he ambitious? Yes. But for daft things like the fortunes of Fulham Football Club. Or of one day building a proper home cinema. At Pendulum Properties the job was the job. You went there. Did it. Then returned home. It was something, he now explained to Wendy, that he'd fallen into by accident. The result of knowing someone who knew someone and so on. Intended as a stop-gap, it had instead become a career he’d never meant. But it wasn't so bad, really, and he counted himself lucky to have it.
‘I might not be the boss,’ said Mr Darling, ‘but I’m OK being me. And that’s more than half the battle. Anyway, it’s pretty rare that what someone does totally defines them, you know. This week you say you want to be a vet.’ 
Interrupting, Wendy said ‘I’ve wanted to be a vet for ages,’ 
‘Well, that’s true actually. But say you don’t become a vet. Say you go into something different or less impressive. Would you want to be judged on that?’
‘Nope. I’d still be me.’
‘Exactly. And that’s why you should always be looking beyond the job a person does.’ 
‘How did we get so serious?’ said Wendy. ‘I thought we were talking about Fulham.’
‘Well, it doesn’t get more serious than that.’ 
‘What were you at school, again?’ said Wendy. And she’d already started giggling.
‘Custard Monitor,’ said Mr Darling, ‘as well you know.’
‘Well, that’s a very important role.’ said Wendy solemnly. 
‘To those in the market for custard at lunchtime it was, actually.’
‘I’m sure.’ said Wendy. ‘What was it the dinner ladies called you?’
‘The Lord of the Ladle.’ said Mr Darling, ‘Because it wasn’t a case of just pouring the stuff from a jug, you know. There was technique required. And guile and skill.’
On the Spicerhill High Street, Porter’s, the carpet place, was being refurbished and the work had revealed a previous shop sign. HireWatch it read. Mr Darling pointed at it.
‘I remember those shops.’ he said, ‘There were loads of them everywhere when I was your age.’
‘What, people used to hire watches in the olden days?’
‘TVs. You’d rent your telly and pay for it every month. Your video too. The i of Hire is drawn like a little aerial. See it?’
Wendy stopped for a moment and looked again at the sign. 
‘Beige writing on brown.’ said Mr Darling. ‘What on earth were we like?’ Wendy lifted her phone and took a snap. ‘And it was the 1980s, not the olden days.’
‘Ambulance.’ said Wendy quickly, and she looked to her dad.
‘Fire engine.’ said Mr Darling immediately.
From out on the high street: the siren. Closer now. And louder.
‘Damn.’ said Mr Darling. It was a police car, and it zoomed down the road, slowing just once whilst a bus struggled to make way. ‘No-score draw.’
‘Will you jot that down in your little notebook?’ said Wendy. 
‘Yes. And it’s not a notebook. It’s a ledger.’
‘But it is little, isn’t it?’
They turned off the high street, Mr Darling and Wendy, and into Lilybank Road. 
‘Did you really work us all out on a calculator?’ said Wendy, ‘Me and John and Michael. Before having us? That’s what mum said.’
‘No. Of course not.’ said Mr Darling. ‘Well, maybe… what’s the youngest one called again?’ And with an outstretched arm he approximated Michael’s height. 
‘I’m ignoring you now.’ said Wendy, and she marched ahead. ‘Look at me ignoring you.’
At No. 14 Wendy pushed open the gate. From out on the high street, one car horn followed another. A chocolate wrapper, blown in from the street, flapped around beneath the rose bush. Mr Darling picked it up. ‘Anyway, just to stay on point, as far as being the boss is concerned,’ he said, ‘your mother’s in charge of loads of people. Ask her how she likes them apples.’
‘Get you,’ said Wendy, laughing, ‘with your street talk. You’ll be bigging it up with the Spicerhill Spartans next.’
Mr Darling unlocked the door. Then Nana looked up from her spot on the carpet. 
‘She’s a career woman, your mum.’ 
Wendy was keen to state that nobody would ever really describe a father as being a career man. But her dad didn’t give her the chance. ‘Why d’you think we had you all so old?’
‘You’re not that old.’ said Wendy. ‘I know for a fact there’s at least one dad at school older than you.’ 
‘At least one? Well, that makes me feel so much better.’
 ‘Anyway, here’s the real boss.’ said Wendy, and she crouched for a moment to make a fuss of Nana.
Dinner that night was a free-for-all. ‘Eat what you find.’ Mr and Mrs Darling had said. This was absolutely usual for the evening before Halloween. It was an event which, at No. 14, was welcomed with the enthusiasm most families dusted down only for Christmas. 
Everybody pitched in, and soon the house was decked in monochrome paper chains. Then up went balloons of black and purple and orange and green. Sitting in bowls: monkey nuts in their shells, and apples and tangerines. But to guard against pilfering it had to be tomorrow for the sweets: chocolate eyeballs and jelly snakes, gummy coffins and white chocolate skulls filled with raspberry goo. The peanuts and fruit, though, would be quite safe. 
The pumpkin? Despite John’s annual insistence that he could face down the task without lopping off a limb or two, Wendy took care of that. And when everyone else had gone to bed, a turnip lantern was carved by Mr Darling. It was something he’d done as a child. And now, all grown up, it was a ritual he looked forward to each year. He marked it with Nana at his feet and a dram or two of Sleeping Soldier: a malt whisky from the Isle of Islay.
Perhaps it was the drink, or maybe it was just the spell Halloween casts on some people, but sat at the kitchen table with his blunted knives, and his mismatched spoons from the Shelter shop, Mr Darling thought about the after-work walk home. Had it been a lie to tell Wendy that he wasn’t that ambitious? Maybe. After all, he’d wanted to become an architect once. But somehow it had never quite happened. Somehow? OK, he conceded, he’d favoured pop concerts over studying, and had consequently flunked his exams. And round about then his band, The Greenwich Pips, had almost been signed. To a small label, admittedly. But it counted for something. A song, It Was Like That When I Borrowed It, from their demo tape, had been played twice on night-time radio and everything. In the end it had all fallen through, though. He’d helped run a monthly disco, The Confetti Club, in Camden, for nearly ten years too. Him and Kelly, his girlfriend at the time, and their friend, Dave. And he still had an idea for a novel, Mr Darling. Had it for years. Something about a rock singer and a fan, a murder and a detective. But he’d never written it down. Not yet anyway. The barriers he constructed to its creation: kids, jobs, things needing mending, he was smart enough to know these were all obstacles of his own making. He’d get it written one day, though. Of that he was certain. 
In the meantime, he hoped that Wendy thought well of him, even if he wasn’t as mighty as Mr Hook. She had, after all, turned his demos into digital files that summer. She’d added them to her phone too, and genuinely liked at least one of their original compositions as well as a raucous cover of Downtown, the song made famous by Petula Clark.
Was it enough, he thought, to be just as decent a person as you could manage? After all, about the worst thing he’d done recently was ridicule something he’d seen on a house-makeover show. A framed print above an umbrella stand had read: Welcome! Even if you arrive as a stranger, we hope you’ll leave as a friend. ‘It’s like a bloody pub!’ Mr Darling had said.
And about the worst he had plans to do, with Christmas approaching, would be to swap, with Russell, who had been the Greenwich Pips’ bassist, internet links to news stories of cancelled or compromised winter wonderland events. This had become a tradition between the two men, as had the race to find the first account of the season. It was a race that Mr Darling currently led:

2011
Children devastated as Santa’s elves ‘used foul language, smoked and were clearly drunk’.

2012
Dundee’s ChristmasLand slammed. ‘Ice rink’: a plastic tarpaulin. ‘Huskies’: Labradors coated in flour. 

2013
Fed-up Santa ‘told children he didn’t really exist’ as ‘shoddy and depressing’ Luton Winterfest closes its doors.

He decided against another dram and instead tidied up the paraphernalia around him. The chunks and scoops from the lantern, he scooped into a bowl. These were destined for his notorious spiced turnip soup. Eaten by candlelight on the evening of November 1st. Cursed by the family on the morning of November 2nd. 
He rose, the booze causing him to tilt a little. For a surprise, he stretched bales of silky cobweb around the kitchen, living room and the little hallway. Heralding the official beginning of Halloween, in the morning his efforts would be marked by the breakfasting family. A great show would be made of scrutinising the carving. But over the years it was only Mrs Darling who saw that the lanterns’ faces seemed not scary, but sad.

25. A Bullet For the Ballet 
Friday October 31st 2014 – Halloween

Despite the fuss over Halloween and the prospect of a day flying solo at Pendulum, Wendy had slept soundly. Decorating the house had taken its toll and the little street-sweeping truck, with its gentle whirls and hums, had helped lull her to sleep. It glided past every Friday, that truck, not long after midnight.
Earlier in the year, round about the summer solstice, the children had been unable to nod off. The room had never gotten dark enough. So they’d begun, instead, to tell each other jokes. But on hearing the truck, young Michael had sprung from his bunk, fascinated by the sounds and the pulsing orange light it had cast across the bedroom walls. 
From the window the three had watched it chugging along the road. Then Wendy and John – but mainly John – had told Michael the truck was on the lookout for children still awake beyond bedtime. The brushes that twisted next to its wheels? They weren’t there to sweep kerbs. They were there to whoosh the sleepless off to the secret village of Hibernation. There, in ghost-patrolled sleep camps, boys and girls were made to pedal on rows and rows of weird, skeletal machines. Their pedalling, hissed John, powered the cogs of the Hallucinator: a huge transmitter made from the bones of birds caught in nets, and the machinery from fallen planes. The aircraft, whispered John, were guided by Hibernation’s masters: guided into the illuminated fog of the Crashing Yard. Here magnets somersaulted and compasses and barometers spun like windmills.
It blasted nightmares, the Hallucinator, out to the world’s children, entering their bedrooms through keyholes, and via gaps in windows and cracks in doors. They trickled, the bad dreams, down light flexes too, and collected inside bulbs, from where they radiated out and engulfed the room. And every night it got bigger, the Hallucinator, as hooded ghouls twisted and knotted more and more bones and gadgets: gyroscopes and propellers, dials and levers onto the structure. 
So powerful was the aura around the thing that it killed anything – birds and bats and planes and helicopters – that flew into its orbit. And then the victims’ remains – bones and feathers and wings and wheels – would add to the Hallucinator’s energy and ensure that its nightmares reached further and further each night.
Only when they had learned to fall asleep at the correct hour, John had added, would the pedallers find themselves falling safely back into bed. But they remained marked, these children, by an aura visible only to the ghouls, and so were easy to locate if required.
John was nothing if not imaginative, although it was a fact that he’d pinched quite a lot of detail from Mr Darling’s American horror comics: Stories From the Cellar; Undead Tales; The Coffin of Dread and others. Whatever the provenance, it mattered not one jot to the terrified young Michael. His immediate, wailing beeline to Mr and Mrs Darling’s bedroom had earned John, and the more-or-less innocent Wendy, a week’s ban from TV, internet and gaming. And Mr Darling, recognising the origin of John’s yarn, was forced to relocate his comics from the summit of his wardrobe. 

***

They ate breakfast, the family, amid the drifting wisps of Mr Darling’s cobwebs. As if in conference, the balloons had congregated in one corner of the kitchen. Witches, spiders and skeletons bobbed on elastic and in the middle of the table sat an enormous, grinning pumpkin. In its shadow, Mr Darling’s lantern was assessed as per tradition. But Wendy, eager to get to the office, had hurried things up. On the walk to the Tube station, Mr Darling had even told her to slow down. But at the barrier, when he’d had to search a couple of pockets for his Oyster card, she had hopped, impatiently, from one foot to the next. The rush? She just wanted to make the very most of her last day, Wendy had said.
 It made a change to be telling the truth. 

***

By speeding things along, Wendy had hoped to be the first one in that morning. But then she spotted Hook’s damp umbrella. Miserably in a corner it stood. Like a scolded child. From his office Hook poked out his head.
‘Good morning, young Wendy. Good morning. Ready to carpe diem I hope.’
She knew the phrase, seize the day, from a film her mother was always going on about. ‘Indeed.’ said Wendy. She took her seat behind the reception desk and, with no Moira around, suddenly felt quite important. ‘Let’s get that diem carpied.’
‘Indeed, indeed.’ echoed Hook, ‘And I see you are dressed appropriately for All Hallows’ Eve.’
Hook had spied Wendy’s dress. He could hardly miss it. Bright orange, upon it was printed dozens of little pumpkins and up-hackled black cats. She’d earned it that summer at Foxtrot and had waited this long to wear it. 
‘I feel you ought to make the effort on days like these.’ said Wendy, ‘If you possibly can.’
‘I agree. Now, if that nefarious object should ring,’ and with his bandaged hand Hook gestured to the telephone on Wendy’s desk, ‘please take a message.’
It was the first chance of the day. And Wendy was ready for it. ‘What should I say?’ she said, ‘If someone asks where you are, I mean.’
‘Oh, just make something up.’ said Hook. It wasn’t really what Wendy had hoped for. 
‘I’ll tell them you’ve gone to Scarborough.’ said Wendy, and she mucked around with the gas lift on Moira’s chair.
‘Scarborough?’ said Hook. 
‘It’s in North Yorkshire. It’s nice there. I’ve been. On holiday. There’s a cliff railway.’ The chair plunged way too low. 
‘I feel as if I’m on the pier already.’ said Hook. He took a step into his office. 
‘They don’t have one.’ said Wendy. And this time the chair rose too high.
‘Don’t have a pier?’ said Hook. And he returned to reception. It wouldn’t do to be calling out to one another in separate rooms. Wendy stopped fiddling with the chair. 
‘It was hit by a storm in 1905.’	
‘I know exactly how it feels.’ said Hook, and when he stepped back into his office he closed the door for fear that another conversation might emerge. Wendy yanked at the chair’s release lever and this time halted the seat at more or less the perfect level. 
It would be wonderful to report that on her own, and before elevenses, Wendy had discovered a treasure trove of information: plans, names, dates and times. But the truth is that Hook had left nothing to chance. So Wendy learned not a thing of use during the first half of that morning. New Adventure Land, Old Valhalla Road – even the mysterious Mr Smee – none of these words registered on the reception computer. A new pile of paper files had sprouted on the desk, but these proved useless too: all restaurants and bars, and apartments to be created from riverside rotundas. 
So, it was a fed-up Wendy who, at 10:59, lifted a silver tray from the tiny downstairs kitchen. Upon the tray sat the usual white china cup and saucer containing Mr Hook’s Procella and, on a plate, the two fancy biscuits he insisted upon: coaster-sized oat things, honeyed, flecked with lavender, and heavy with chunks of macadamia nuts. One of these had broken in the packet, so Wendy didn’t feel bad about pinching it for later. 
The girl knocked sharply on the office door. 
‘Enter.’
Hook, sitting at his desk, beckoned Wendy inside. He was in the middle of a call, but motioned for her to wait. Was it to be her first lucky break of the day? She did her best to look disinterested, fixing her eyes on that imperfect model of the Cassandra. But her ears? They were firmly tuned to every one of Hook’s words.
‘Splendid. Splendid.’ Then Hook paused. ‘Yes. Everything will be in order.’ He rolled his eyes and, indicating to Wendy that the call was dragging on, made hurry up gestures with his hand. ‘We shall meet, sir, when the bell doth sing twice.’
Hook rose and took the tray from Wendy. ‘A perfect brew I’m sure. And a punctual one too, I’ll say.’ He whipped out his pocket watch and snapped open its sprung cover. ‘Eleven on the dot. And the correct biscuits to boot.’ Hook frowned, though, for a moment. ‘That aroma,’ he said, ‘orange and honey. But something more. You haven’t brought me, I hope, a herbal tea?’ and he made certain to italicise those last two words.
‘No. Herbal teas aren’t teas.’ said Wendy. ‘They’re infusions.’ Moira had told Wendy all about Hook’s fancy for this fact. And voicing it as one she shared would, she hoped, ingratiate her further with the man. 
Impressed, Hook said ‘But what, then, is lilting upon the air?’
‘Cinnamon?’ said Wendy.
‘Cinnamon!’ shouted Hook, ‘And yet, the tale is not complete.’
Once, rather than be refunded for the under-subscribed Knots and Rope class he’d actually wanted, Hook had taken a night class in perfumery. For a while, at least, it had filled a succession of otherwise-empty Wednesday evenings. And at the college annexe in Brittlefield he’d created a cologne that recalled the ocean. Muria, he’d named it. The Latin word for brine. A fine nose, he’d been told he possessed. But he rather suspected this overture was the lecturer’s attempt to enrol him in the intermediary-level class for that summer. 
Now, Hook closed his eyes and held, in the air, his hands. Ever so slowly he brought them together and when they touched, his eyes opened once more and he smiled. ‘Bergamot. The missing piece to the puzzle is Bergamot. Of Earl Grey fame.’
Wendy nodded. ‘Well detected. It’s an oil. You know, like a perfume. It’s called Witching Hour. I only ever wear it on Halloween.’
Beyond the odd swish of mascara, or an occasional etching of eyeliner, Wendy wasn’t much of a girl for makeup. But she loved perfume oils. These she bought from Spells and Curses, a stall at Spicerhill Market. 
For Wendy, the autumn belonged to warm and spicy Mellow Mist. But by early December, it was all about Frostbite. That one was loaded with dewberry and pine and oakmoss. In the spring, a tiny bottle of pale yellow LeapYear would conjure up green grass and daisies. And, for summer, Wendy would sit and smell like a giant sweet. All thanks to the peachy, violety, vanilla tones of Bottled Blushes. Of course, whatever the season, whatever the scent, each one disgusted John and Michael. They objected to their room ‘smelling like flowers and gardens’. Or so they said. 
Hook lifted his cup of Procella. Then, remembering what that salesman of a college lecturer had told him, he said ‘I have a nose for these things. Even this bouquet,’ and Hook nodded across the room to the vase of lilacs Wendy had signed for, ‘masked not the perfume.’ His eyes now moved to a stack of papers on his desk. It was Hook’s subtle signal that she should leave. But Wendy, desperate to somehow remain in the office, nodded to the painting of Albert Hook.
‘Did you know your ancestor died in Jamaica?’ Hook turned, stared at the portrait and then, with narrowing eyes, at Wendy. How, he was thinking, could the girl know that? But Wendy had observed the query in good time. ‘I had a look on the internet. I hope you don’t mind.’
The thing about the internet was half-true; Wendy had actually stumbled upon the unfortunate tale of Albert Hook. But it had been an accident. Discovered during one of her fruitless searches for information about his descendant, the man now gazing, again, at the great painting. Hook nodded sadly.
‘Not at all. In fact, the world entire should know of the injustice he suffered.’ Hook stepped towards the painting and brushed from its surface a speck of dust. Then he turned and, as if spot-lit on a stage, addressed stalls and circles, boxes and balconies. ‘I long to repeat his voyage, you know. To sail to the land of sugar and rum and lay a posy of Lignum Vitae...’
‘Lignum what?’ said Wendy. Then she regretted it for fear that the interruption might mean missing out on something useful. ‘Sorry. Go on.’
‘Lignum Vitae.’ said Hook, somewhat irritated, ‘Wood of Life. Jamaica’s national flower.’ and then his delivery matched once more his decorative words, ‘From the soil of Capistrano Island I would pluck a single stem of it. And then I’d row out upon the deep to lay it on the spot where Albert sleeps. The poor man met an ignoble fate. They keelhauled him beneath his own ship. The Nightmare, she was called. Then from the main mast he was hanged, I believe, due to...’
‘I read it was something to do with a chest full of jewels.’ offered Wendy, ‘He’d hidden them on board and wouldn’t say where.’
‘Well, that’s just gossip. I mean...’
‘He’d plundered them, I think, from a ship called the Valentina?’
Hook swatted away the facts circling overhead. ‘A misunderstanding.’ he said firmly. ‘When brave Albert refused to cooperate they scuttled the Nightmare, the authorities. They sank her deliberately, with poor half-dead Albert fastened to the mast like a worn-out flag. And his crew? Hacked into parcels and left on deck. Like chops in a butcher shop’s window. An act of vandalism I call it. Not to mention murder.’ 
Hook reached to the wall behind his desk and unfastened from it a small framed drawing.
‘It’s why I can't bear, even at the cinema, to watch a ship sinking – drowning and, from her billowing sails or smoking funnels, breathing her last.’ 
He handed the drawing to Wendy.
‘It’s said, the Nightmare, to haunt that patch of sea. And no wonder.’ Then Hook nodded to the picture. ‘This was her in around 1686.’
Wendy took in the huge coal-black galleon. Nine sails across four masts she boasted. A row of thirty-six guns scowled from each side of her hull and for a figurehead a knot of three serpents hissed out to sea. A nightmare indeed, thought Wendy. 
Hook nodded to a shelf by the window. ‘I had a model made by the finest craftsman I could find.’ And sure enough, there she sat, the Nightmare, in miniature. Wendy seemed taken with the model so Hook fetched it and placed it upon the desk. 
‘It’s an echo, of course, from an age of elegance.’ said Hook. ‘An era in which it remained possible, twice yearly, to be outfoxed by the clocks winding forward or back one hour. Now, of course, clocks and watches are phones and tablets. And automation has banished even that responsibility.’ 
Wendy’s eyes darted back and forth from the model to the drawing. She cocked her head this way and that, enjoying the little details: cannons, rigging and, of course, those fearsome snakes. Hook enthused about these finer points too, but for fear of coming across as nerdish he quickly turned to matters more sombre. 
‘It brings a tear to the eye,’ whined Hook, ‘to think of that magnificent vessel and her captain resting beneath the salt.’
Wendy handed the drawing back. 
‘Thankfully Albert had sired, on dry land, a son, Henry, who continued the family line.’ Then Hook stared into his teacup and spoke mournfully. ‘It will end with me though. Hook slays Hook.’
He had loved, though, this Hook. But only once. And when still a boy. A girl named Matilda Taphouse – she preferred Tilly, and so did he – had doted on him. And he on her. They’d met, Hook and Tilly at the birthday party of a boy they knew but didn’t really like. There, the precocious Hook had spied the girl from across the room. Immediately, he’d been struck by the fact that she, like him, was standing alone and joining in with nothing. So Hook had removed himself from the queue for the lucky dip and stood for a moment close-by. Then he had spoken.
‘I believe it’s raining in Paris.’ 
Tilly had turned to look at the boy. As she began this slow move, one pop song, audible above the party noise, was ending. It was The Wonder of You by Elvis Presley. And as the next one started – it was (They Long To Be) Close To You by The Carpenters – and she had deigned at last to properly acknowledge Hook, she did so, he had thought, in time to a natural cue the first few words of the song had provided. The moment then had resembled a scene in a film or, at the very least, a pop video. Either way it had made the incident compelling and charged in the present and subject to embellishment and revisionism in the future. 
‘I beg your pardon?’
‘It’s raining,’ said Hook, a little more forcefully, ‘in Paris.’ and, stressing the last word, he’d directed the subtlest of nods to the base of the girl’s dress. There she discovered that the edge of her underskirt was visible. 
‘Absolutely lashing down.’ said Tilly, and she’d quickly made the thing right.
Across one summer holiday they had been inseparable, Hook and Tilly. Her name, in that familiar, alliterative version, was that of the girlfriend of a superhero Hook had said. 
‘Or it could just belong to a superhero full-stop.’ Tilly had responded. It was a sharp-as-a-tack answer that had made Hook fall even more deeply for the girl. Strange then that he’d gone on to trade her company with another boy. A boarding-school classmate. And all for a quarter-ounce of Black Bullets.
It had happened like this: to the young Hook’s horror, the girl had acquired tickets to a ballet. A late-summer performance of Swan Lake in Regent’s Park. Hook’s interests at this point extended only to cricket and chess, and to the construction of model ships. So, feigning illness, he had urged Tilly to attend instead with his friend, Edward Croft. In payment, Croft had traded the sweets – dark-coloured peppermints, all the way from Jesmond in Newcastle – with the grateful Hook. It was said that as the last Black Bullet melted in Hook’s mouth, and even before the dancers had taken their bow, a bitter regret had overtaken him, and that he had never quite recovered. 
Tilly and Croft, you see, had fallen for one another. And eventually they had married. She had taken his name, and to Hook this had merely compounded the tragedy. 
With no candidate to satisfy the invitation’s dreaded and partner appendage, Hook had attended the ceremony alone. And as if the other guests referring to Tilly – his Tilly – as Matilda and Mrs Croft wasn’t bad enough, there the tale of how he had swapped a bride for a bullet had featured in the best man’s speech.
Assuming it was a fable, everyone had laughed. Everyone, that is, except Hook. But what was he to do? Stand up, like the star of some Graduate-pastiching advert, and try to reverse the whole thing? Some of these people had travelled from Canada. India. South Africa. And what of the mountains of presents? 
No, Hook had told himself: he’d begun the whole thing by avoiding the ballet. And by turning the girl into a commodity to be traded. Now he’d just have to put up with the consequences. That was how he’d been brought up. And if it resulted in a lifetime of regret that was just too bad. The thing was settled. And besides, he reluctantly conceded, there were things worse in life than never being someone’s sweetie.
Even so, from her hiding place behind the wedding band’s guitar cases, only a flower girl, too young to fully decode them, had caught the sad smiles Hook sent floating towards the top table. Did Tilly even catch them? He couldn’t tell. 
It was said that for wedding favours a trio of Black Bullets – and not sugared almonds – had been placed inside the ribbon-tied pouches of blue velveteen. But perhaps this was fiction. Perhaps, like a campfire ghost story, new incidents were stapled to the account with each retelling. Because that would have been cruel, and not like Tilly at all.
Whatever the truth, Tilly, even now, occupied an invisible place at Hook’s side. Probably an afternoon or even a whole day had passed when he hadn’t thought of her. But the man couldn’t honestly tell you which afternoon or day that might have been. And when once her company had made him soar, now her memory had him grounded; locked up in trunks from which no escape was possible. 
Often he wondered specifically about her life with Croft. Did they have pet names for one another? Had they earmarked a place and time – years and years from their wedding day – where they’d meet whether things had gone horribly right or wrong? A bridge, maybe. Or a beach or a bench. And did their hearts beat in perfect synchronisation? He’d read somewhere that this actually happened to couples in love. But he wasn’t sure if it was true.
Prior to him giving up on the whole idea of romantic entanglements, each new girlfriend would, unfairly, be compared to this Tilly. To Hook, the woman became a yardstick. Not really a person at all. The commencement of their relationship had become for him Year Zero: a monument that all other events in his life either happened earlier than or subsequent to. That every one of his partners fled before barely a week had passed was unsurprising to him. 
Of course, across years of business dealings he'd come to know, Hook, an abundance of ‘men who could get men women’. Skirt, these ladies would have once been called. But each time he'd dodged the offers, some bawdy and overt, but most half-camouflaged to appear decent. It didn't seem right to Hook to order or send for a woman as if she was a taxi or a pizza, or a new element for the oven. 
Now, with Wendy looking on, he drained his cup with a swift tilt. 
‘I am headed for Highgate.’ he said flatly. 
 ‘The cemetery?’ asked Wendy. She could, perhaps, have delivered the query with a little more sympathy and a little less enthusiasm. 
‘Indeed. The cemetery. There, my plot awaits. If, perchance, in years to come, you should happen upon it, lay a humble weed across the marble.’
It wasn’t so out of the question, thought Wendy. After all, she was well on course to ticking off all of London’s Magnificent Seven cemeteries. In January the mission had begun. And as well as Highgate, she’d conquered Abney Park, Brompton, Kensal Green and Nunhead. Now only Tower Hamlets and West Norwood remained. But so far Highgate was her favourite.
On these expeditions, amid the Ebeneezers, Baxters and Phineases, Wendy delighted in finding the names – first and last – of classmates. Hazel Clark. Lucy Baker. Henrietta Price. These, and more, had survived where the exotics – the Elizas, Adelias and Sophronias – deemed too fussy and floral, had not. Then, snapping the gravestones in question, Wendy would send the photo to its namesake. And most of them appreciated it. 
Here, though, stood in his office, Wendy couldn’t help feeling sad for the grieving Hook. When he was simply showing off his collection of ships and paintings he was actually quite nice. Indeed, those who knew him better than Wendy would often remark that on such occasions he would become a boy again, albeit one in the costume of a man. 
She had begun, Wendy, to construct a helpful sentence when Hook sprang from his chair, a completely different man. 
‘But there are ways to live beyond one’s years!’
It struck Wendy, there and then, that at any given time Hook could look thirty years old, or twice that number. And it all depended on his mood. The actual count, she guessed, was somewhere in between. Right now, flashing her a grin, was the younger of these two Hooks. ‘Two o’clock this afternoon I have a meeting.’ 
The line had been delivered in a frenzy. And now Hook marched to the coat stand. From his jacket pocket he plucked a shabby old wallet, all creased and cracked brown leather. He knew, you see, Hook, to dial things down sometimes: wallets, specifically, and briefcases and luggage. It was all about contrast. And to demonstrate this he gave Wendy a red note so crisp she feared folding it in case it should snap. 
She’d never before seen a note of such value and took a good look at it. Fifty pounds, she thought. Just like that. And it weighs the same as a fiver. Wendy held the thing high in the air, gazing into it against the light. Hook though waved his unbitten hand across her eyes. ‘Take a long lunch and return, please, with a selection of the very best cakes and pastries you can muster. Enough for a party of three.’
‘JukeBox OK?’ said Wendy. News of this meeting had engulfed her. But she managed to conceal her excitement. ‘They do that posh range. Apexia it’s called.’
The J-word had caught Hook unaware and he feared that the girl would query his horrified expression. She didn’t, though, and he recovered. 
‘What? JukeBox? No, no. I mean, it’s a fine store of course. But let me think. Do you know The Penny and the Bun on Bainbridge Square?’
‘No. But I’ll find it.’ said Wendy.
‘Excellent. And purchase a ground coffee of distinction also. Caffeinated. From Cecco’s. They’re on the opposite side of the square.’
‘Cecco’s.’ she said firmly.
‘Next door to Parlour’s. The map people.’
‘Parlour’s.’ said Wendy with conviction. ‘The map people.’
‘And there’s plenty of time, so do not get yourself knocked down.’
‘Not knocked down.’ said Wendy, as if adding the request to her list. 
‘Should I call your father?’
‘What, if I get knocked down?’
‘No.’ said Hook, and he wondered how this simple request had managed to gather such complications. ‘Should I call him about this errand? Should he know? I don’t know if it’s the done thing. To inform him.’
Wendy made a face and shook her head. Then, to lengthen her stay she idled across the room. On a shelf sat a board game: Battleship. A wooden edition Wendy assumed Hook had commissioned. In the Clocks Café Moira had told Wendy how, on each Christmas Eve, Hook hosted a Battleship challenge in this very office. From assorted departments – Planning, Accounts, Human Resources, Admin – tipsy post-lunch/pre-party colleagues queued to take him on. Tots of rum alongside Christmas puddings – plum duffs from the same bakery Wendy was being directed to – were awarded to those who beat him. Not many did though, and for years Hook had recorded the results of every game in a small ledger that he kept inside the box. 
Below the shelf, and upon a low table, sat a handsome chess set. Wendy stood over the board. ‘A game is in play,’ said Hook. He approached the table in a rush, all upheld palms and grimaces, ‘And my foe’s pawn is in en prise. So I beg you not to touch the pieces.’ So, as if faced with some priceless museum artefact, Wendy stepped back. She’d had no intention of touching the board, but thought it best to make an effort. She was about to ask some time-buying query about the game but Hook ended the moment by handing her the cup and saucer. 
At reception, a parcel had arrived for Hook. Grabbing the chance to double-back – precisely when the man would be expecting some time alone – Wendy took the thing.
‘Enter’ said Hook, although he noticed that Wendy had actually thrown the door open prior to his response. But, disappointed, she found Hook was just sat typing. He looked up. Then back at his computer.
‘This just arrived for you. Downstairs.’ said Wendy, and she handed to Hook the parcel, around the size of a shoebox. Hook took the thing from her and placed it below his desk. 
‘Most kind.’ Then he looked at her blankly. A silent shove that she recognised, but ignored. 
‘So, cakes and coffee.’ said Wendy. 
‘Yes. Coffee-wise, something Brazilian. Or Colombian perhaps.’ A decisive tap on the keyboard and Hook leaned back in his chair. ‘He’s something, the recipient, of a blowhard, you see. About coffee. So a decent one might, though it’s unlikely, save me from one of his speeches on the matter.’ 
Wendy stifled a laugh and for fear of forgetting this terrific new blowhard word, silently repeated it. Then, despite not knowing its meaning, she made a mental note to use it as soon as possible. Hook then rose and meddled with the Nightmare: it had to sit just so on the shelf. 
‘Yes, a blowhard. Often the case, I find, with these coffee sorts we’re all turning into. Mr Smee and I, though, we’re strictly men of tea.’
Smee.
Without knowing it, Hook at last had dropped his guard. 
Now, thought Wendy, we’re getting somewhere.

26. My Nature Lover
Friday October 31st 2014 – Halloween

‘But,’ said Peter, ‘It’s a meeting you’re not going to be at. How does that help?’ They’d drifted, Peter and Wendy, into Playtime, the little playground, and had stepped over its tiny fence and the costumed rabbits and birds and squirrels painted across it. Here, sloping banks of weeds flanked the entrance and spilled over rotting wooden borders. Once, traversing these beds, a floral display had spelled out the name of this attraction. One sectioned-off bank had been home also to a floral clock; that much was clear from the rusting cogs and hands still just about visible amid the tangling greenery. Close to this, and embedded in the earth, a small placard read This border display designed, installed and maintained by the volunteers of The Friends of Charlotte Park.
Sat with the boy on the seesaw, the girl gripped with one hand the wood and rubbed with the other at her forearm. She was doing her best to remove from it an inky list: Penny/Bun, Cecco’s – Brazilian/Colombian, Do NOT get knocked down, Blowhard. On the ground, Tink lay squarely between the two, her head rising and sinking in time with the seesaw’s motion. 
‘Leave that to me,’ said Wendy, ‘I’ll find a way.’ She’d said it as convincingly as she could. But it remained a fact, thought Wendy, that no answers had come to her at Cecco’s coffee shop. Or at The Penny and the Bun. There, amid the éclairs and profiteroles and pastel-coloured macaroons she’d had plenty of time to think. For ages, the entire roster of five assistants had taken turns to scrutinise Hook’s fifty-pound note. Throughout it all, Wendy had remained calm. She had ignored the queue – for fashionable lunchtime crepes – forming behind her, and had sucked in big gulps of sugar-laced air. The staff had mumbled to one another. They had made faces too. But eventually they’d accepted the thing. 
When at last Wendy had gotten out of the place, and with not much change (‘It’s London’ was the response to her double-take), she’d had to endure tuts and dirty looks from the line of secretaries and shop assistants, couriers and clerks. But she didn’t care. She preferred Sugar and Spice back home anyway. Every Friday afternoon they sold boxes of broken biscuits for a pound. And even the always-busy supermarket on the high street, whose huge Tea Coffee Biscuits sign Wendy always read as Tea? Coffee?... Biscuits?, wasn’t half as much of a chore.
As the seesaw descended, Peter stamped both feet on the ground and he and Wendy stepped off. Then the girl delved into the box of macaroons, lifted one out and broke it into three.
 Past the waltzers they walked, then they weaved through a collection of carriages and machinery, cables and lights. Once, these had made up the Parachutes ride. Amid the mess, a faded, blistered old sign shouted You can fly! ‘Not anymore.’ said Peter. From the shrapnel he picked up a bolt, around the length of a pencil, and chucked it away. 
‘It’s a colony, by the way. A colony of bats. Not a flock. I checked. Remember? When we opened the waxworks’ door? A colony. Or a cloud, apparently.’ The boy, though, barely acknowledged Wendy. ‘You’re welcome.’ she said, then pointed to something up ahead. 
 ‘If I give you another bun can you get that started?’
‘Get what started?’ 
‘That. If we’re quick.’
The sign for the Tunnel of Love had fallen from its fixings. And the little plaster hearts and cupids once attached to it lay scattered and smashed close by. Beyond these stood heart-shaped saloon-style doors. Hanging squint now, their remaining pink-and-white slats were dull and matted. Painted on the wall, a series of romantic mottos bordered the doors:
Dreamers welcome
Snuggle up
Hold hands here
Drift away together
‘Well, can you?’ said Wendy, and she made a beeline for the ride.
‘Don’t know. Never even been in it.’ But Wendy was already halfway there. 
And so it was that a switch was located and, with a bit of effort, yanked upwards. Inside the Tunnel of Love, lightbulbs either popped with the shock, or eventually brightened to a soft pink glow. They revealed a track too, and it was upon these rails that small rose-coloured carriages – little gondolas, really – began to slowly glide. Wendy jogged across the wooden platform opposite the rails. She hopped into a carriage. 
‘Hurry up.’ said Wendy, and the boy climbed, reluctantly, across the turnstile. ‘No. Into this one.’ He’d made to dive into the car behind Wendy’s, but just before running out of platform, he and Tink jumped aboard. Round the curve they went, and through a waterfall of lanky silver streamers. Brittled with age, most of them snapped at the surprise of being touched. Then they floated into the carriage and onto Wendy and Peter. 
‘It’s so naff.’ said Wendy, ‘It’s brilliant.’ But Peter sat scowling, unfolding his arms only to pull at the streamers and the little cardboard hearts and flowers dangling from ribbons. 
‘It’s soppy.’ he said. And when he made to topple, from a ledge, a cherub statuette, Wendy swatted away at his arm.
‘Well I think it’s sweet. Oh, hang on, do you hear something? A song?’ 
As they passed through another waterfall, and Tink snapped at the repeating shoals of projected light, the tune engulfed the tunnel. It was an old song, but Wendy recognised it from the Melody Time CD that Alison played in Foxtrot. It had been, for a fortnight or so, Wendy’s song of the summer. On being made to listen to it, Mr Darling had said ‘It’s not without its charm. Very derivative of The Big O, of course.’ And when Wendy had looked puzzled, he’d said ‘Roy Orbison.’ and had assumed, wrongly, that this had cleared the matter up.
‘I stole stardust from the skies 
And blew it in your eyes 
But found to my surprise
It didn’t make you see that I’m the one…’
‘Don’t you know it?’ asked Wendy. But Peter shook his head. ‘It’s My Nature Lover. It’s by Vince Lightning and his Lightning Rods.’
‘I stole ripples from the lake
The sweetest petals I did take
But nothing turned your head my way
It’s not to be…’
Wendy began singing along. Finally smiling, Peter clamped his hands over both ears. Wendy thumped him.
‘Everyone can see it, but not me
My nature lover, you will never be...’
Then, back where they started, the carriage dunted gracelessly into another. Wendy kept on singing:
‘I caught birdsongs in my hand for you
Put fireflies in jars for you 
But if nature doesn’t charm you
Could a simple kiss disarm you?...’
She’d recently decided, Wendy, that yes, it probably was time she fell for someone. So when the Tunnel of Love had presented itself, she thought it an excellent location in which to move things in that department along. 
But sat there in the carriage, when she asked Peter ‘What are your exact feelings? For me, I mean?’ the boy had, she felt, dodged the question, his responses concentrating not on her at all, but instead on Hook:
‘Well, if he was to be upon you, I’d skewer him, like this.’ and he’d thrust into Wendy’s heart an imaginary dagger. 
‘And what else?’ Wendy had asked. 
‘Then, if he were to insult you, I’d quarter the scoundrel. Like this.’ and Peter grabbed that invisible blade and swished it up and across Wendy’s chest, ‘And then I’d post the portions far and wide.’
‘I get that.’ said Wendy. Then she looked directly into the boy’s eyes. ‘But your feelings for me?’ 
‘And then, for having crossed you, I’d paint, upon the funhouse wall, a warning to his would-be avengers. And I’d paint it in his blood.’
She got nowhere, Wendy. And even though what he’d said was kind of romantic, the boy seemed incapable of understanding what she was driving at.
Perhaps, she thought, it was her own fault. Perhaps she’d confused him by acting like some nursemaid. By bringing tins for his cupboard and cough bottles for his chest. She’d had a go – with mixed results – at patching his clothes too. From Foxtrot’s bargain rail of men’s odds and ends she’d thrown him a couple of jumpers, cheering them up with a spray of Mr Darling’s Bel Esprit aftershave. And with big, blunt scissors, from the toolbox at No. 14, she’d even tried to give him a haircut. He wouldn’t sit still, of course, and when, for a joke, she’d gotten her eyeliner pencil out he’d fled. 
But none of that was anything to do with mollycoddling him. Almost anyone faced with a boy as thin and pale and ill-sewn as Peter would have done the very same things.
So pack the rainbows all away
White picket fences? Paint them grey
Let weeping willows sob a brand new sea
Because my nature lover, you will never be…’
Importantly. though, and despite Peter’s answers, she had finally gotten her first kiss out of the way. It was October after all, and had been on her to-do list all year. So sat there in the gondola, she’d just gone for it. Her eyes closed, she’d arched forward and pressed her mouth onto Peter’s cheek. The little carriage, though, had rocked when she leaned over, so she’d made a bit of a mess of it. But even so, there it was: her first kiss. His too. Not exactly Hollywood, but now that it was over and done with perhaps they’d fall in love at some point and become unbearable to everyone. 
But then Tink, who for the most part had been sitting quietly at Peter’s feet, had begun growling softly. So Wendy had withdrawn and Peter had slowly stretched out his arm and calmed the dog down.
As they climbed from the carriage, Wendy checked her phone. Hook had said to take a long lunch. But this was pushing it. ‘Right. I need to get back’ 
Peter wiped from his face a blotch of something. 
‘Lip balm.’ said Wendy. ‘Razzle Dazzle Rose. From Spells and Curses. In the market.’ The boy rolled his eyes. But only to conceal the somersaults that just one – quite rubbish, actually – kiss had invited. With his talk of Hook – of dicing the man and messing around with his blood – he’d feigned ignorance well, the boy. But it had required a supreme effort to hide the explosions the kiss had ignited: the colours and sounds that had blinded him. Across those short few seconds he’d forgotten about the threat to Neverland. Instead he’d begun observing a life beyond its walls. 
In it he saw himself and Wendy. But they were no longer fully themselves. They were older. Stuck in a world of flat-pack cradles. Office bores. Other people’s children. It was a place of stain-proof sofas. The latest car. And air-raid invites to the weddings of couples you couldn’t even name. Above all, they looked, Peter and Wendy, like two people who had failed to read life’s small print.
He saw it all, the boy. And more besides. And inside himself he responded with one word: never.

27. Invisible Ink
Friday October 31st 2014 – Halloween

On Charnelhouse Street, Wendy had had to cross to the opposite side of the road then back over again. A chimneypot had fallen and, as if the scene of a murder, a large section of pavement had been taped off. The pottery had travelled far: as Wendy climbed the office steps she saw that a sizeable shard of it lay on the landing. She kicked it to the side. Then she pushed open the door. There was no time right now to think about Peter and the kiss episode. That would be for another day.
‘Come straight through.’ called out Hook from his office. ‘Find everything?’
Wendy nodded. Then she handed Hook the boxes of cakes. He began assembling them on a stand. The carton containing the macaroons, he suspected had been opened by the girl. The little sticker used to seal it, designed to look like a penny, showed signs of tampering. And six, not the five he found in the box, would be the more common quantity. He said nothing though, Hook. And Wendy, having watched the man’s deductions, plonked the change on his desk for fear he might assume she would pocket that too. A bit irritated, Hook quickly brushed the coins over the edge and into a drawer. 
Already, teacups and saucers and plates had been laid out. Hook motioned to them. ‘Finest bone china. And just look underneath.’ Wendy lifted a side plate. On its base was stamped HMS Meridian. ‘She sank off the east coast of America in 1860.’ said Hook, ‘That’s history you’re holding in your hand. So do hold it carefully.’ A weird compulsion almost took over the girl: to release the plate for a second, then clamp it again in mid air. But she resisted it, Wendy, and instead placed the thing back on Hook’s desk. 
‘This must be a very important meeting.’ said Wendy, ‘Judging by the historical crockery, I mean.’ 
She’d hoped to open a dialogue. Maybe grab a name for this mysterious coffee-drinker. But Hook, busy lining up saucers with a ruler, merely said ‘Indeed’. Then he took back the cup and suggested the time was right to put the kettle on. He was spot-on, because before the water had even boiled, a buzzer rang downstairs. 
From inside the tiny kitchen, Wendy heard Hook bounding down the steps in a flap. ‘I’ll get it, Matt.’ he called out. Then came the sound of the door opening. Next, crouching by the pedal bin, Wendy listened as the men climbed the stairs to Hook’s office. She caught only the smallest of small talk, though. The weather: ‘cold but bright’ said the man she’d spoken with on the phone. Travelling by plane: ‘such a fuss these days’. That had come from Hook. Impending holidays: ‘we fancy Buenos Aires next year’ said the only voice unfamiliar to Wendy. The girl rose. Then, disappointed, she spooned coffee into a tall, chromed cafetiere. They might just as well, these three, have been sat in their barbers’ chairs. 
This tittle-tattle had all been constructed in advance, of course. With the sharp-as-a-pin Moira absent, Hook had reluctantly allowed the meeting to proceed at Pendulum. But, ever-vigilant, he had briefed the men to speak only of the most trifling topics until they were safely in his office. 
A few minutes later Wendy left the kitchen, a teapot in one hand, the cafetiere in the other. And by the time she had negotiated Hook’s office door she had also, at last, a plan in her head.
‘Wendy is helping us out this week.’ said Hook. Slowly, Wendy set down one pot and then the other. A rogue dribble of tea escaped from the spout and she made a chore of dabbing it away with a napkin. The longer she could dawdle, the better. 
‘Good stuff!’ said Jukes.
‘Most excellent. Yes. Most excellent.’ said Smee, and he nodded quickly.
Wendy longed for more time to analyse these two. For the few seconds she got, she detected, immediately, Smee’s mousiness. He was all bashful half-looks, and he yo-yoed between tightly folded arms and drumming fingers. His was a shyness that, actually, had been tangible even across the phone line. 
William Jukes, though, oozed confidence and control. There he sat, meddling with a phone in each hand, his eyes pinballing between stocks and shares and money and markets. She watched him, the girl, for as long as she could. She knew it was wrong to make snap judgements about a person; to label them, with no evidence, as being this or that. But like a cloud of flies, an air of entitlement hung around the man. 
He was, guessed Wendy, someone who had never said a kind word about a person and actually meant it. Or if he had, it happened so seldom that, marking the occasion, a bank holiday would be called. And if he dreamt at all, it would only ever be about himself. She would make it her mission to learn his name and add it, alongside those of certain politicians, and all big-game hunters, to her list of Worst People Ever.
Sized-up and summarised, these were the snap-judgement views of Wendy Darling. And somewhere, she concluded, around the middle of this spectrum, existed Hook himself. It was an odd crew he’d assembled.
By now, a silence had descended: one of those moments people fill and banish by looking at their shoes or nodding or saying something about a holiday or the weather, or about how busy they are or aren’t. The natural thing for Wendy to do – the expected thing – would be to leave the room. So, for her plan, the time had arrived to put up or shut up. She turned towards Hook.
‘Would you like me to take minutes?’
Taking minutes, Moira had explained, meant sitting in during a meeting and writing down the important things talked about. It was an occasional requirement, Moira had told her: one she dreaded owing to the fact she’d lied, at interview, about knowing shorthand. 
Earlier in the week this had been small-talk between the two. But right now, to Wendy, it meant the world. Because if Hook said yes, she’d get to hear all about the three men’s plans for Old Valhalla Road. 
In her head, and in Hook’s accent, she heard the man weighing up the offer: what use would such dull complications be to this girl? For one, she’d understand not a jot of what was being spoken of. And for another, it would look, for all the world, like a regular, legitimate meeting. In the very worst of circumstances it might actually work as a kind of insurance policy: Officer, if what you seem to be implying were correct, I’d hardly have the girl take the minutes of our dastardly plan now, would I?
So Wendy advanced the question as matter-of-factly as possible. And when she asked it she half-turned towards the door and twinned the words with a shrug. That way Hook might automatically have said ‘Yes, of course.’ 
But when she saw Smee and Jukes swapping fearful glances Wendy knew exactly what Hook would actually say. And he did.
‘Minutes? Oh no, no. No need for such formality. No need at all.’ Then he rose, waving the girl and her doomed plan from the room.
For Wendy, sat behind the reception desk, a minute felt like a month. And only the latest – the fourth, actually, of that week – misdialled call for Bonnaughton’s, the posh hat shop, pulled her thoughts from the gathering that could have told her so much. 

***

‘Before we begin,’ said Jukes, looking up, at last, from his telephones, ‘from where does this coffee originate?’
Hook had predicted Jukes’ query and was happy to kick it into touch with his response. So barely looking up from the roll of paper he was flattening out upon his desk, he said ‘It’s from Cecco’s.’ then he seized the opportunity to add a subtle little slight ‘In Bainbridge Square. If you know it. I sent the girl specially this lunchtime.’
Jukes let out a theatrical sigh. ‘Cecco’s?’ He made a face. ‘I’m an Emiliana man myself. On Pelican Row. But nation, Hook. I meant from which nation.’ and Jukes, almost unbelievably, began fussing once more over his phones.
‘He means from which country, Mr Hook.’ said Smee. So anxious to please was the man that it was said he’d once offered to sweep his own hair from the barber’s floor.
Hook managed to keep a lid on the rage quietly rising inside him. ‘One moment.’ He couldn’t resist, however, stressing that final ‘t’. 
‘Wendy,’ said Hook, his words battling through the buzz of the intercom, ‘the coffee that you bought today. Where is it from?’
The girl, inevitably, replied ‘From Cecco’s in Bainbridge Square. That’s what you told me wasn’t it?’
Smee chuckled at this, but Jukes fixed him with a withering frown. 
‘Indeed, dear girl,’ said Hook sweetly, ‘but the blend? From where in the world does the blend originate?’
‘Oh. From Colombia. You said either Colombia or Brazil. Because your guest is a blowhard.’
Jukes shook his head and sighed. But he kept his eyes on his phones.
‘Colombia.’ said Hook quickly, ‘that’s marvellous.’
It’s called Cornucopia, I think.’ said Wendy. ‘The blend, I mean. The lady in the shop said it was a good one.’
Jukes nodded his approval. ‘We sell something similar.’ he said, more or less to himself, ‘Across the Apexia range.’
‘I made sure it was Fairtrade too.’ said Wendy. And at this, Jukes rolled his eyes, ‘Is that OK?’
‘Indeed. Supremely thoughtful. I thank you.’
Sensing the slenderest of opportunities Wendy said ‘I can bring you the bag if it’s a help. There’s a sticker on it with all that kind of stuff on.’ At this, Jukes and Smee united, at last, in the sport of watching Hook deal with Wendy.
‘It’s kind of you,’ said Hook, ‘though not necessary.’
But Wendy’s voice crackled back at him. ‘It would be no trouble.’
Through gritted teeth Hook replied ‘It’s quite alright. But I thank you. We all do. We all thank you.’ Hook raised his bandaged hand, and with it conducted a choir of approving grunts.
Wendy slumped onto the desk. This time the game really was up. And she’d have nothing to tell Peter. Who knew what Hook and his friends could have revealed. And all just a few metres of carpet away. 
‘Macaroon?’
Wendy sat bolt upright. She looked all around the room. Maybe Hook had brought her a cake. But no. She was alone. And Hook’s door remained closed. 
‘Thanks, Hook.’
And then there followed the sound of munching.
‘That girl of yours has a keen eye for coffee.’
Wendy listened intently.
‘Yes. Nice girl. Father works down in Admin. Been here years.’
Then a pause.
‘Why, Mr Smee, do you insist on polluting my Procella blend with shovelfuls of sugar? Do you know what George Orwell would have said about that?’
Across Wendy’s desk words continued leaking from the intercom. Then the chatter of cakes and coffee quickly gave way to the business of the day: debates about plans and processes, demolitions and diagrams, bulldozers and builders. And more. 
Much, much more.

28. Rush to Danger
Friday October 31st 2014 – Halloween

Jukes and Smee had left at a few minutes after three, and when Wendy departed shortly afterwards, it was with a gift card and, prompted by Moira, a tin of Pequeños Demonios (Little Devils) Spanish liquorice.
‘An acquaintance in the fair port of Barcelona sends me these, periodically.’ Hook told Wendy, ‘But they may prove too strong, even for a liquorice lover like you.’
Too strong? Wendy doubted it. She pinged the tin open. ‘They might be small,’ said Hook, and he gestured to the tiny jet-black lumps inside, ‘but they pack a formidable punch.’
Wendy picked one of the pillow-shaped pellets out and popped it in her mouth. At once, Hook observed her closely. It was at this point that most people’s faces contorted into expressions of disgust: Hook’s cue to read from the tin the fictional slogan Making girls cry since 1870 (the actual slogan was Fuerte desde 1870 – Strong since 1870). 
But Hook hadn’t reckoned on Wendy’s love of Broomsticks: root liquorice, sold in string-tied bundles of six at The Beehive, the little natural foods stall opposite Spells and Curses. 
Wendy nodded her approval. Here, conceded Hook, was a superior young woman. He thanked her for her ‘sterling service’, bowed and allowed her to leave early, if that was OK with Mr Darling. It was, and Wendy intended to make good use of the extra hours before the Halloween tea at No. 14. 
As Wendy left the office, Hook posed one last riddle. He called it out to her as she disappeared down the stairs. ‘Which question can a person never honestly answer yes to?’ For once, Wendy had been foxed by his puzzle. She doubled-back to the landing and looked up at Hook. 
‘I’ll get back to you.’ she had said, and a jumble of possible solutions kept her company on the way to Neverland.

***

From high in the rigging, Peter watched Wendy searching the Gargoyle. It was amusing for a time to follow the girl as she paced the decks and flitted in, then out, of the galley. But eventually he called out. Wendy looked up, then cupped her hands around her mouth. ‘He’s coming for you. Hook. Tonight.’
Out of breath, Wendy’s words had tumbled out untidily. A problem on the Tube had held her up, so she had pelted across the wasteground and through the arch. Peter hopped from the ropes and onto the boards.
‘Tell me everything.’
They sat, then, Wendy and Peter on those filthy, worn planks. Wendy gave her inhaler a shake as Tink hopped around, mistaking the action for a game. Peter stared, puzzled, but she waved away whatever he was going to ask about the gadget: no time. One short scoot had opened up her airways and all that mattered right now was spilling out everything she knew: how Hook, through Mr Smee, had ripped his way through rules and regulations and red tape. How, like the prize in a game of pass-the-parcel, Neverland would move swiftly and silently from Smee/Mullins-to-Hook-to-Jukes, and that aisles and aisles of stuff would soon be dissecting the very spot they were occupying. ‘Who knows where we’re sat right now.’ said Wendy. ‘On garden furniture, maybe. Or in a freezer full of peas or something.’ 
Peter knew JukeBox well. Often, at night, he would visit the huge bins behind the Lambeth branch. There, across the river, he would stock up on the bread, fruit and vegetables deemed too old or ugly or misshapen to sell. With a piece of wire the boy kept twisted into his hair, he unpicked the padlocks on the skips. Then he’d dine by the Thames and, for something to do, he’d watch the capital’s rats going about their business. A few brave ones sometimes made their way, cautiously, from the bank and he would throw them a scrap or two. But if the rain was falling hard, or if he was scavenging in the dead of winter, Peter would ignore the river and sneak, instead, into the huge aquarium nearby. And there, warm, and in low light, he’d watch the fishes in their glass prisons. Sometimes he’d guddle a few from the tanks, the warmed water riding up his sleeves. Then he’d drop them into the freezing Thames and, unwittingly, to their death.
Maybe Peter was recalling these excursions too deeply, because Wendy had to snap her fingers to grab his attention. ‘Go on.’ he said, as if the fault was all hers. 
Wendy continued. She told the boy of how Jukes and his development team had for months been surveying the local area. How, as if measuring each business for its coffin, they’d studied the shops and had actually devised a strategy and timeline for their demise. They knew all about the caves too, the girl told Peter. And he’d been right that day, she’d said, when he’d told her that money and ambition could sort them. Far from posing a barrier, to Jukes they were an attraction. Because there, a few metres closer to Hell, would be built a car park: a first for an Inner London JukeBox. 
But the plight of the high street meant little to Peter. He thought only of Neverland. And only, therefore, of himself. 
‘A car park? In my caves? I’d fill them in, a teaspoon of earth at a time, before I’d let that happen.’ Then he bathed, for a moment, in the glory of having had his caves theory proved correct, and of the girl herself having told him so.
 ‘Well with a bit of luck you can keep your spoon for that tea of yours.’ said Wendy. 
‘Don’t tell me,’ mocked the boy, ‘you have a plan?’
‘Unless you have one of your own?’ and she let a loaded pause hang in the air, ‘No? Thought not.’ 
So she began, Wendy, with what she knew of Hook’s movements. Hook, she said, would be engaged until midnight. At his club, The Plebeian, he would be. There, on a well-heeled cul-de-sac in the west end, he was hosting a Halloween ball; a charity event for the great and the good. 
Supplementing it, raffle prizes, donated by local businesses, and Hook’s associates, had stacked up behind Wendy’s desk all that day. A huge basket of fruit from Sherbeton’s of Spicerhill. A bowler hat from Bonnaughton’s. And from Pollet, a magnificent calligraphy set housed in a wooden case. Two quiet, heavy-set men in immaculate suits had handed her an envelope too, with instructions that it be added to the funds raised. 
‘Do pass on our apologies to Mr Hook.’ one of the men had said.
‘We’d have liked ever so much to attend his function this evening.’ said the other man. He’d blinked at Wendy through thick, plasticky, black-rimmed glasses. And every word he’d spoken had been separated by a silent beat.
‘But we have a pressing matter to attend to.’ had said the first man. 
‘In Wapping.’ concluded the second. And even that short statement, one that attracted a disapproving look from the first, was stretched and lengthened by an odd space in its centre.
‘Did you pinch it?’ said Peter. ‘The envelope?’
‘No I didn’t pinch it.’ said Wendy. ‘It was for charity.’
Wendy had gone on to explain what would happen next. And Peter, thrilled, had punched the air. Then he’d nodded to the words painted upon the deck – words located below the plank that extended from the side of the ship: 
Prepare for a watery grave.
 In fancy script these goaded the poor wretches who’d be prodded, at the point of a cutlass, along the plank and into the ocean. Wendy, of course, had in mind an altogether different conclusion for Hook. Even so, the sentiment of the message wasn’t lost on the boy. Then, with texts from home pulling her from the Gargoyle, Wendy left Peter sharpening sticks, practicing lunges, and grimacing at the unshiftable taste of the liquorice he’d unwisely accepted.
On the Spicerhill High Street, Halloween revellers were already out in force. Wendy squeezed past knots of them – skeletons and witches, werewolves and vampires – each shivering outside The Fallen Angel. Here, masks, like helmet visors, had been flicked up to accommodate cigarettes and the strawberry and bubblegum mists from vaping gadgets. Through the glass, the pub’s quietly notorious Mausoleum – a corner in which patrons sat on benches made from coffin lids – was rammed. It always was on Halloween night. To rest a drink on a table of genuine Victorian gravestones required a spot on a waiting list. And only one hour per booking was permitted.
By the time Wendy arrived back at No. 14, the party was in good shape. John and Michael had dressed as pirates and they leapt at their sister as she entered the living room.
‘I’m Red-handed Jack!’ shouted John, and he waved a plastic cutlass at her.
‘And I’m Captain Storm!’ growled Michael, bouncing from the sofa, ‘Here to see you walk the plank!’
From the kitchen, Mr and Mrs Darling bobbed and shuffled towards Wendy. They were decked out as zombies, and they looked great in ragged old clothes and makeup. Arms stretched out, they pawed at the girl, but she ducked and ran upstairs. And when she returned, she did so as a gothic fairy. 
She’d been pushed for time this year, Wendy, but Foxtrot had swooped to the rescue. Alison had given her a too-patched-up-to-sell silky pale-blue dress. And from the shop’s costume jewellery drawer Wendy had borrowed a tiara. On her back were fixed silvery wings from the 99p shop. Glitter dust and a wand – the 99p shop again – finished it all off. She looked terrific, but when Mr Darling, who felt strongly that Halloween costumes should always be scary, said as much, he hadn’t reckoned on the panda-ish eye shadow, black sparkle lipstick and set of bright-white plastic fangs Wendy flashed back at him.
That evening the doorbell of No. 14 was almost rung clean off the wall by packs of the children’s schoolfriends. Three of the posher girls from St Matthew’s, dressed as the witches from Macbeth, attempted the practice of shouting ‘trick or treat!’ before thrusting out expectant palms. 
‘None of that American stuff here.’ said Mr Darling, ‘You need to sing us a song. Or tell a joke or do a card trick or something.’
A whispering huddle had followed, then the trio acted out one of the witches’ scenes from the play. Shrill and earnest, it went on rather a bit and after the players had moved on, Mr Darling described beholding it as one of the worst experiences of his life. 
‘Don’t exaggerate, George.’ said Mrs Darling.
‘I’m not. It’s just... all that odd language. Root of...’
‘Hemlock.’ said Mrs Darling.
‘And, what was it? Noses of Turks.’
‘Nose.’ said Mrs Darling. ‘Nose. In the singular. One nose. Of one Turk.’
‘Don’t worry, dad,’ said Wendy, ‘it’s only one of the most famous scenes from one of the most famous plays written by the world’s most famous playwright.’
He lobbed, Mr Darling, a monkey nut at the girl. She caught it, and threw it right back. 
When the last phantom had drifted up the garden path, and Mr Darling had swept into a tin the only sweets left standing, Nana nosed the children upstairs to bed. Wendy had long since removed her cheapo, gum-irritating fangs, but John and Michael didn’t ditch a scrap of their costumes. They would sleep as they imagined pirates sleep: in their boots and with cutlasses at the ready. John amused himself by jabbing the underside of Michael’s mattress with his sword, but their larking around, and their chatter of cannons and treasure, flags and sea monsters quickly wound down.
Now Wendy had only to wait for Mr and Mrs Darling to get themselves up to bed too. She listened out for the giveaway creak of the seventh step. There it was. 
‘Lights out for darker skies.’ said Mr Darling before snapping at the landing switch.
‘That’s actually getting quite tiresome now, George. And I’m sure it must wake them up.’
‘Rubbish. It’s not like I say it loudly.’ said Mr Darling.
‘I don’t see why you should say it at all. And did you switch the blanket on like I asked?’ and there was a pause, and a sigh. ‘No. You didn’t.’ It had been a long day.
Wendy listened to these pot-shots as her parents milled around incessantly from the bedroom to the bathroom and back again. She had only to wait now for the clunk of the bedroom door closing. But then occurred an endless debate about how best to remove the zombie makeup.
It did seem to Wendy that waiting for something slowed time down. In the meantime she would take off her shoes and, actually, she thought, a lie-down wouldn’t hurt. It had been all go today. She hadn’t stopped for a moment. And after all, it was only a shade past ten o’clock.

***

From the crow’s nest, Peter glanced up at the Wendybird. Then, balancing on the rim of the basket, he trained the telescope beyond the fence and out towards the tunnels. Not a sign of the girl. He had little understanding of time, the boy, but was certain Wendy ought to be here by now. Swinging the telescope across Spicerhill – above Charlotte Park and Llewelyn Crescent, over the high street and the knots of people upon it – he found that strobing streetlight opposite her bedroom. 
Meddling with the light’s wires had been a terrific idea. It had begun though with him breaking first the lamp over on Lisbon Street. He’d thought of grabbing a rifle from the range and shooting at the thing. But even the relatively short distance would have required the gun to be modified. Instead, the boy had pinched stones from the rockery at Charlotte Park. Then, in the dead of night, and with one hand holding tight the rigging, he’d taken aim. It was harder than he’d thought, though, and several stray boulders had bounced off the caged windows of the abandoned council printworks. But eventually Peter had cracked the casing. And shortly after that he’d put paid to the bulb itself. Then, as he knew it would, a few days later a repair van had parked up. That had been the boy’s cue to race from the ship and swipe the tool he needed. 
From that moment, opening the panel at the base of the girl’s post had been easy. And from there he was free to ignore the warning stickers on the back of the panel, to undo each repair, and to tamper with the wires that ran like arteries through the lamp’s body and towards the light itself. The flickering bulb had made locating the girl’s bedroom a snap. But right now it was revealing to the boy that her window was shut tight, and that the glass was obscured by curtains.
For Wendy, having a rest had been a horrendous idea. And when, like a static shock, a blip of blue lifted her from bed, she slid the curtains open: a signal to the boy that she was on the case. But the fruitless rushing around for the things she’d meant to sort – a jumper and jeans, a hat and her DM boots – had woken Michael up. 
Peter had gotten the message. And now he was watching Wendy. But rather than scuttling down the cherry tree to be with him, he saw she was perched on a ladder. Tucking some other boy into a bed. He cursed this child. How dare it get in his way? 
To hurry the girl up, he flashed, Peter, the light once more. But only for a second. Should Hook be close by he couldn’t risk revealing his location. He was armed, of course, the boy: on his right side he had fastened a wooden dagger, its base narrowed to a deadly point. And on his left hung a cloth bag of dust. If required, it would blind, for a precious moment, the dastardly threat. Hook or me this time, was Peter’s promise to himself, and he would not hesitate, not for one second, to ensure that it was Hook. But inviting attention right now – especially with the girl clearly AWOL – would be folly. Tink? She lurked close to the gap in the fence, hidden amid the weeds and grasses of the verge. That way Peter would at least be given warning of the man’s arrival. 
Wendy had caught the second beat of light. But the pulse of blue had only added pressure. And as the boy was cursing her and her brother, she was cursing him. Only when Michael was asleep – and he was almost there – could Wendy make her move. 
From her spot on the rungs, the cheap wood pressed hard against Wendy’s feet. Swapping, a good few times, one foot for the other, she watched Michael for a minute or so. And when finally his head flopped and met that of Kit the hare, Wendy climbed down, remembering, thankfully, about that missing rung at the ladder’s base. Would those awful, constant creaks wake John though? That would be all she’d need. But she managed it. And when her foot at last found the carpet, the moment felt as huge as stepping onto the surface of the moon. Crossing to her bed, Wendy stretched the cramps from her feet. She’d hoped to freshen up a bit. Pop a couple of energy pills. Then sit, quietly, for just a couple of minutes. Get in the zone, the way Miss Bicker insisted they do prior to every race or game of football or netball. But there was no chance of any of that now.
Shoes slipped on, Wendy pulled the window open. The wind did its work of course, instantly giving flight to the curtains and the lampshade, the posters and the pages of comics. But Wendy was fast. Crouched on the sill, she lowered the window then watched for a moment the boys in their bunks. All good. But when, through the sliver of unclosed window, she began drawing the curtains together, she spotted her phone. On the bed it lay. So more time was wasted in reversing everything and fetching it. 
Back out on the sill, Wendy placed one hand on the tree. Its freezing trunk felt clammy to the touch. Then down she went, jumping earlier than usual to remove herself from the greasy wood. 
At the gate, she turned around for a second. The window. She’d left it a little too open. And now the curtains were bobbing back and forth in the breeze. Was it worth sorting now, though? Worth clambering back up the tree? Absolutely not. She’d take her chances. 
And the boy, having spotted her exit, was already off the ship. 
On the Spicerhill High Street, Wendy, wings strapped and fluttering, weaved through tangles of beery ghosts and drunken superheroes. Opposite Sugar and Spice, a single purple stiletto lay on its side. Then, outside the Lantern Chinese takeaway: a polystyrene box of something had splatted on the pavement. Close by, two men argued and pushed one another. Wendy bent her run and sped up a little. And soon she’d left behind the insults, the swearing and the rubbishy, windmilling punches of those who’d never once in their lives had a fight. 
At Frampton’s newsagent, plump, smiling little spectres had been felt-tipped around a headline promising a free Halloween mask with every copy. After all this running I’m still only as far as the shops, thought Wendy. The stress had brought on, again, her asthma and she meddled with her inhaler, dropping it twice. She stopped for a second and for one mad moment toyed with the idea of trying to flag down a taxi. But there were no taxis. And she had no money. Close by, a bottle of something smashed on the pavement and somebody laughed.
Zipping past Foxtrot, Wendy longed to grab the broomstick from the window display. Longed to zoom over the city on it, before swooping down into Neverland. 
Then she scolded herself. Silly. And she gave her head a quick thump. Concentrate. 
An idea came to her. Why not double-back and grab her bike? That way she could shut the window a bit better too. She turned around. But then stopped. The high street was almost behind her. This far on, her bike would save her no time. So Wendy kept running, trying ever so hard not to step on the cracks in the pavements.
Before long, Wendy’s black plimsolls were slapping and smacking upon the well-swept flagstones of Llewelyn Crescent. With every home she passed, security lamps pinged on one-by-one, illuminating, for a brief moment the entire street. Then, as if components of a vast clockwork display, figures peeked out from curtains before the entire sequence reversed. 
A short while later, though, from the mouths of the arches, it was only the mice and rats who watched Wendy whooshing across the wasteground behind Old Valhalla Road. There, at the head of the tunnel, she stopped for just a moment to pull her shoe tight against her heel and tuck, more tightly, her inhaler into her sock. Exactly what she’d need right now would be to lose the thing. Then through the tunnel she went, falling once when her foot caught in an iron hoop. 
Next, Wendy headed for the verge and ran across the strip of grass and weeds, glad of the rainwater flicking up from her heels and onto her back. With the neon sign lit, it was a snap to find the hole in the fence. Here, Wendy stopped for just a moment and listened. Then, for fear it might betray her, she wiped away what was left of that sparkle lipstick. It clung, in a streak, to her forearm, and specks of it glistened in the neon. But she wiped it away with a clump of grass. Hearing only the gentle buzz from the sign, Wendy poked at the flap of sackcloth. Careful to open out only a corner, she looked in. Then, with the path to the clown’s head clear, she ducked into the hole, ran to the thing and settled in its shadow. A distant bell – it had to be from the chapel across from The Second Star – cut through the prickly air. Wendy closed her eyes tight and wished for eleven more chimes. But none followed. A quarter past midnight teased the bell, Hook has beaten you to it.
And he had.
Hook’s charity bash had wound down early: eleven o’clock or thereabouts. And by half-past he had slapped, with his good hand, the back of every business owner, small-time politician and rising councillor who could possibly be of future use to him. Councillors like Mr Robert Mullins. He’d taken care also, Hook, to pass on to the mayor, via some underling or other, his best regards, his thanks for City Hall’s generous raffle prize and, of course his personal admiration for the superb way she was presiding over the city. That last gush, being the most important, had been stressed several times across the evening.
With Smee on cloakroom duty, it had been easy to tuck the now-fat cardinal-red envelope into Mullins’ coat. 
And as the councillor felt the weight of it in his pocket, for Neverland, the nod that followed might just as well have been the wrecking ball itself.

29. 3,000 Lumens 
Saturday November 1st 2014 – All Saints’ Day

Peeking out from behind the clown’s head, Wendy scanned the route to the Gargoyle. She assumed that Hook and his men could be close by. But right now, all was clear. Bent almost double, she ran first to the caravan. There, reacting to the breeze, little laps of rainwater trickled now and then from the wagon’s sunken bucket of a roof. It wasn’t the most direct route to the ship, but did provide a way to split the trek in two and grab some cover. Next, Wendy manoeuvred herself to the edge of the caravan. Then, seeing nothing in the way, she sprinted to the Gargoyle and was quickly up the gangway and at the turnstile.
It was there, on the ship, where she’d arranged to meet Peter and Tink. But of course that had been before she’d fallen asleep. Surely Peter would be waiting for her, though. Hidden, close by.
Wendy flew over the turnstile and on into the galley. But all was quiet there. And it was the same story when she peered through the windows at the back. Heading out deck, Wendy brushed against the mermaid model, causing yet more flakes of paper to puff into the air. For a second she thought she saw Peter across in the shadows. But it was only the face of the boy – the Beasley’s chocolate boy – painted upon that vending machine. She could have punched a hole straight through him. 
Instead, Wendy moved out of the galley and stooped behind a prop: a huge treasure chest, its studded lid fastened by a lock made to look like a sea serpent. She squinted up at the crow’s nest. But it was only the stars that winked back down. Then she gave the rigging a couple of hard tugs. The patchwork of squares stretched in response. But the whole thing felt strong enough to take her weight. So up the ropes went Wendy. Higher and higher she climbed, and when she’d made it as far as the crow’s nest she stopped, twisted around and scanned the entire ship. But the widescreen view the spot gave her revealed only that on the Gargoyle not a soul was aboard. And when she scanned beyond the ship, and across the rides and stalls, it seemed too that not a soul was around. 
Wendy climbed a little higher. Then she installed herself into the crow’s nest itself, clipping with her foot something in the base of the basket. It was a tight squeeze, but she managed to bend closer in and pick the object up. It was heavy, the thing, and as she lifted it out she rested it on the edge of the basket. It creaked, then tilted beneath the weight, but Wendy held her nerve, shifting her own weight to straighten things up again. 
A spotlight it was. Its lens around the size of a vinyl LP. A fixing hole, drilled in the summit of its frame would meet, the girl guessed, a peg or a hook. And sure enough, when she glanced at the mast, a nail had been hammered a couple of feet above the basket. 
Wendy examined the light. Across its lens had been taped a sheet of blue film, a bit like the kind you’d find wrapped around a toffee. And hanging by wires from the light’s rear, a crude switching device swayed back and forth.
Aiming the light into the bottom of the basket, Wendy flicked the switch for a moment. The blast of light lit up the weave, revealing apple cores and tiny skeletons. The boy’s telescope, too. Plus some rocks, a rifle from the shooting range and a couple of wooden daggers. Although the light had popped on for barely a second – no more, really, than a camera flash – it was a daft thing to do. The flare had blinded the girl, and for a short while she’d had to steady herself by grabbing the mast. As her sight returned, Wendy gave herself a whack. Then she placed the entire contraption back into the basket. Next, with both hands pawing the rigging, she pulled herself from the crow’s nest and zipped down the ropes towards the deck.
Had Hook dealt with the boy already? OK, thought, Wendy, I was late. But not that late. Then she remembered that in a rare moment of concern Peter had fixed her with a stare. ‘When the hour comes, we will be ready won’t we?’ he’d asked. She had said ‘of course’ or ‘absolutely’ or something like that. But now the hour had come and gone. And she had been elsewhere. 
She wanted to call out for Peter. But suppose Hook was around? Suppose he was hiding behind the carousel? Watching and waiting. Even in the dark, even in costume, he would recognise her. ‘It’s that damn girl!’ he would say, ‘Whatisname Darling’s daughter.’ No, she mustn’t say a word. Mustn’t be seen. Mustn’t compel Peter to reveal himself. Instead, Wendy jumped ship and, glued to the shadows, continued searching for the boy. Through the Penny Palace she went. Then past the coconut shy, The Golden Grabber and the dead-eyed Madame Paulina. Nothing. Nothing either at the funhouse, the teacups and the waltzers.
It was outside the Tunnel of Love that Wendy at last sat. She had to. Wheezing now with worry, she needed her inhaler. She shook it softly; rotating it, really, so it made almost no sound. It did its job, and for a moment she closed her eyes. Next stop would be the crow’s nest again. Perhaps the boy would spot her this time, and make himself known. Wendy stood, and it was then that she heard the careless click of a heel. Quickly, she dived behind a battered old popcorn cart. It was Hook alright, and beside him walked Smee and William Jukes. 
‘What about in there, Mr Hook?’ Smee pointed a torch towards the Tunnel of Love and, therefore, towards Wendy.
‘As good a place as any.’ said Hook, and the men marched on. Closer and closer they got to Wendy’s cart. Then, as they neared the ride’s entrance, they splintered out, their criss-crossing torch beams scattering mice and rats into the weeds and grasses bordering both sides of Neverland’s fence.
‘What’s that thing there?’ said Hook, and Wendy watched him pointing to the cart. Smee approached, and the light from his torch bounced around the machine.
‘Popcorn.’ said Smee, ‘I’d love this for my cubicle.’
‘Sure it would fit?’ said Jukes.
‘Mr Hook, can I wheel it down to the car? After we’ve done the thing, I mean.’
‘Enough of that.’ said Hook. He bore the request in mind though. Perhaps he could use it as leverage to further reduce Smee’s already slim share of the spoils.
As Smee’s torchlight scanned the cart it caught a single glass jewel on Wendy’s tiara. But as the man made to report the brief flash of light, Hook cut him off. 
‘Get away from that thing.’
Smee lowered his beam. With an eye on acquiring the cart, he was keener than usual to please. Besides, he reasoned, all he’d done was cause a sparkle from a piece of chrome. 
‘Let’s take a look around there.’ said Jukes, and he flicked his torch beyond the cart.
The three pressed on. They were just a few steps from Wendy now; so close she could hear the creak of new shoe leather bending, and the soft, regular swish of a cuff brushing the side of a coat. Next, the charms on Wendy’s wrist joined in. She was shaking, the girl, shaking with fear and with cold, and the trinkets were reacting by sending jangling sounds into the air. With a slither of gum, pulled from her mouth, Wendy silenced the worst offender: the tiny bell. Then she clamped a hand across the entire bracelet. If she could have, she’d have thrown the thing away there and then. 
‘It is very quaint though.’ said Hook. And because he had halted to admire the cart, the other two began scrutinising it too. One of them, thought Wendy, she’d have a chance of dodging; of shifting around on her haunches and staying hidden. But three? No hope. Hook gave the cart a kick. It shuddered, and a rivet popped away. Then a metal edge-piece swung down like the broken hand of a clock. Wendy didn’t know it, but its jagged edge shredded one of her wings. Then it swayed, mercifully silently, back and forth until ever so carefully she stiffened her arm, unhitched her hand from the bracelet and stopped the thing from swinging. The metal edge, unsanded and bordered by splinters, bit at her fingers. It drew blood, but she dismissed the pain and hoped that the sound of her jaws, nervously, involuntarily, gnashing down on the bulk of the gum would go unnoticed. ‘See that? Solid.’ and Hook, kicking the cart again, caused the metal to bite that little bit deeper, ‘They knew how to make things properly in those days.’
‘Popular product.’ said Jukes, and he patted the cart the way one would pat a dog, ‘You wouldn’t believe the margin on popcorn. Even the gourmet stuff.’
‘Let us advance.’ said Hook, and the men swept past the cart. Past Wendy. Sticking closely to the side, she began manoeuvring out of their sight. But just before she was quite hidden, a noise compelled Smee to turn around. 
Wendy stayed stock-still. And now all three men looked towards the cart. Then they began jogging towards it. That edge-piece, a long L-shaped bar, had worked itself completely loose. It was that second kick of Hook’s that had done it. And it had bounced, the strip of metal, on the ground. But then a voice, some distance away, stopped the men. They turned around.
‘Yo-ho-ho!’
The call was a mocking one. Delivered deliberately it was, and sarcastically, like a slow handclap. The three stopped.
As Hook pushed the two men away, Smee dropped his torch. There, on the ground, its massive cone-shaped beam caused pebbles and rocks to cast long, distorted shadows. Hook stepped towards the voice. ‘Boy?’ he called out, and from his pocket he removed a small telescope. This, he rapidly lengthened and trained on the shape. Smee, desperate, as usual, to help, picked up his torch and aimed it at the boy. Jukes did the same and the powerful beams – 1,000 lumens per torch – dragged the figure from the shadows. Wendy looked back. It was Peter alright. She saw him nodding and grinning at the men. Had he seen her? She couldn’t be sure. 
The men rushed towards the boy. But Peter stood his ground. The devil in him wanted some fun. Closer and closer they got until at last Peter made his move. Into the waxworks he went. Wendy took her chance and dived behind the Tunnel of Love. On that black dress: patches of blood where she’d wiped her fingers.
‘Now we’ve got him.’ hissed Hook, ‘No way out. Let’s go.’ But Smee, the situation trumping even his compulsion to please, began to protest. About the dark. About the cold. About the fact that he’d normally be in bed. 
‘Never mind what you’d normally be doing, Mr Smee.’ said Hook. Then he turned and, walking backwards, trained the telescope on the man, ‘Audaces fortuna iuvat, after all.’ Then, like a fencer, Hook lunged forward. Swishing the scope from his eye, he stabbed it into Smee’s chest. There, like a knife made for the stage, it retracted into itself. 
‘Fortune favours the brave.’ sneered Jukes, ‘Now quick-march.’ Jukes strode closely behind Smee, and he barked into his ear. ‘One-two-three, one-two-three, one-two-three.’ It did the trick and after a few steps, they were marching in unison. Some miles to the west, in Jukes’ study, his medals would be staring out behind glass. But right now, as he jolted Smee into submission, he imagined them pinned once again across his breast, and he felt their weight pulling upon khaki cloth. 
Wendy, from her spot nearby, watched this sideshow. Jukes, from the first moment, she had marked down as a bully. And here and now, her instincts had proved to be correct. There it was: evidence that they persisted, bullies, way beyond the classroom. At school, girls less able to handle it than she were made to feel miserable for: wearing the wrong trainers; being gay; having an overbite; liking this or that band, bringing in own-branded crisps. One girl, Katrina, attracted comment and ridicule just because her mother still wrote her name and class inside gym shoes and P.E. kit. Depressing, it was, to think that like a recurring ailment, unpleasantness endured, and that some people never quite grew out of picking on the different or the weak.
As for Hook and his Latin babbling – of fortune and of bravery – the truth was actually quite different. The truth is that late on Wednesday evening he had met with a man named Alfred Mason. For almost ten years, Alfred, alongside his brother Frederick, had been buying properties from Hook. Bars and clubs mainly, and snooker halls and restaurants. They were busy, the Mason brothers, building quite the empire in and around north London, and were known also as men keen to do favours for friends. The kind of favours that required the law to be bent or, if necessary, broken into pieces and quietly disposed of. Ideal men, Hook had thought, to get this wretched fairground business over and done with. 
In Holloway, in the Twenty-Two snooker club, the meeting had taken place. There, in an upstairs office, a huge one-way mirror overlooked the clacking tables and the young, keen men – each one desperate to prove themselves to the Masons – who circled them. 
Through the glass Hook saw, chalking a cue, a face he recognised. He was an actor, the man, his star, for the moment, in the ascendency. Mason observed in Hook the jolt that usually accompanied such an event. But he said nothing. Then, they’d sat, Hook and Mason at a grand wooden desk, and Hook had explained only the broadest version of the situation. Information, to a character like Alfred Mason, was like money in the bank; a currency to be withdrawn from the vault and used for oiling certain wheels. So Hook had given up as little as possible. Even so, Mason, as Hook knew he would, was already depositing away each cautious word. 
Framed by a background of dark green flock wallpaper, Alfred had listened in silence, nodding only occasionally. Then, when the severely edited tale had been told, Mason had lifted from the desk his glass of chilled soda water. ‘This won’t be a problem, Mr Hook.’ Alfred had then sipped from his glass, rifled through a directory held only in his head, and finally suggested that a man named Roy ‘Gentleman’ Starkey, be given the job. 
‘He’s good at this kind of stuff. Got no fingerprints, you see.’ and Alfred opened up his great paw of a hand, ‘Not since he was eleven. I helped him burn them off in the chemistry lab at Saint Frances’. Ouch.’
Hook shivered. Had Mason thrown that last bit in just for show? 
‘He’ll do a good clean job for you, Mr Hook.’ Then Mason had turned for a moment to unlock an ancient old filing cabinet. From it, he produced a rectangle of card. ‘Don’t feel obliged of course, but if you want to go ahead,’ and at this, Mason handed the card to Hook, ‘just call this number.’
It was a blast for Hook to even hold the thing. It felt risky. Dangerous and thrilling. He studied the card. Upon it, alongside this Starkey’s name and number was printed an address in Croydon. ‘That’s Roy’s yard. Where he crushes up motors and things.’
Then a door behind Hook had opened and allowed in the clicks and curses from the tables. He nodded, Mason, to a man with a scarred, weasel’s face. Then he rose, a signal that the meeting was over. Fussing at a speck of dust on his tie, Mason glanced at Hook. ‘Just tell him I sent you.’
‘Of course.’ said Hook, and he tried his best to look like everything: the company, the location, the situation was all in a day’s work. It was an act that didn’t escape – or fool – Frederick Mason. So he decided to have a bit of sport out of it. 
‘Now, where was I?’ and Mason searched the air for a hint. ‘Yes. That was it. You wouldn’t happen to have half-a-dozen or so rounds for a Luger about your person?’
‘A Luger?’ said Hook, ‘As in the pistol?’ And again he tried to look and sound unflustered. 
‘Yes. The semi-automatic. Even three. No, hang about.’ Mason then stopped for a moment and whispered words that Hook couldn’t quite make out. These he accompanied with a count he totted up with his fingers. ‘Actually, four would be better. I’m completely out. Careless.’ And Mason rolled his eyes and slapped his own forehead. 
‘You know,’ said Hook, and further attempting to normalise the query he patted himself down the way people do, ‘I rather think I’m also – completely – out too. Silly me. Actually, hold on.’ Hook then made a show of ferreting around in his inside pockets, pulling from them a phone, a handkerchief, a wallet, keys. ‘No. Not a sausage I’m afraid.’ Next, though leaving it a beat too long to look natural, he also gave his forehead a whack. 
Mason stared at the quietly flapping Hook. Then he laughed. ‘I got you there didn’t I? Admit it. Hook – no pun intended – line…’
‘And sinker.’ said Hook, with ill-disguised relief.
Mason made two guns from his hands and with a series of firing sounds pointed them both at Hook.
‘I love how you checked your pockets. Good old Hooky.’ The nickname, coined at primary school, and unheard since then, jarred. 
From his index fingers, Mason blew away the imagined gunsmoke. 
‘One has to play the part.’ said Hook reluctantly.
‘And you played a blinder. The Oscar goes to... Right. Last thing,’ said Mason, ‘and this is for real. Do I look sharp?’ and he came out from behind his desk and presented himself.
‘As a knife.’ said Hook, then he froze. ‘Sharp as a knife? Is that even a phrase? Knife? Needle, I meant. Sharp as a needle.’
‘Good to hear. Got a bit of business. With Lord Nigel Brassington no less.’
‘Brassington? As in the Brassingtons of Spicerhill?’ asked Hook. He’d been dazzled by the name and his response was automatic. But then he felt foolish; it’s not as if there were two of them.
‘That’s the one. Family still own a fair bit of N23, eh?’ 
Hook nodded and, still star-struck, said ‘What business is... ’ but then he checked himself ‘...it of mine why you’re meeting Lord Brassington?’
Mason, enjoying watching these gymnastics, crooked his arm around Hook’s neck. Despite it being a friendly gesture, the proximity made Hook squirm. It also hurt like hell. 
‘Let’s just say he has a couple of skeletons in a couple of closets that require discreet attention.’ 
To Hook’s relief, Mason at last undid the headlock. Then down metal steps and out through a fire door they went. The men shook hands. 
‘Not forgotten about your charity thing.’ said Mason.
‘That’s very kind.’ answered Hook.
 ‘Doubt we’ll make it to the night in question, though.’
‘No trouble.’ said Hook. He was relieved to hear it. Importing the Masons, at his invite, into a ballroom full of influencers wouldn’t be the done thing at all. ‘I imagine Friday evenings for yourself and your brother... ’ then he tailed off. Friday evenings are what for himself and his brother? They weren’t men it was wise to offend, the Masons. Not Alfred. And nor, especially, the absent Frederick. 
‘They are.’ said Mason, giving the grasping Hook a pass, ‘But we’ll pop over to Charnelhouse Street with something nice Friday morning or afternoon.’ 
‘My good friends.’ said Hook. And relieved, he shook, again, Mason’s hand. Then as Hook made his way to the Epiphette, and the weasel man opened, for Mason, the door of a huge saloon, Hook made a point of passing on his regards to Frederick. 
‘He is otherwise engaged this evening,’ said Alfred, ‘in a matter in…’ and Mason turned to the weasel. 
‘Hackney.’ said the man softly.
‘Yes. A matter in Hackney, which simply could not wait.’ Mason climbed into the rear of the car. The weasel closed if for him, then inserted himself in the driver’s seat. Next, a black window sank silently, and from the leather seat, a voice with no face: ‘He asked me to send you his apologies and kind regards.’ Then, a wave of the hand, rather like the queen, thought Hook later, and Mason was driven away. 
It had been an interesting half-hour, that was for sure. But in the end Hook had gotten cold feet about bringing yet another party into the scheme. This Starkey may not have had fingerprints, thought Hook, but he’d retained, presumably, his eyes and tongue: three items that could one day prove fatal. He’d decided, there and then, Hook, to handle the matter himself, and the business card in question was relegated to a souvenir.
During an explanatory morning call, decorated with Hook’s words of thanks and apology, Alfred had said he understood perfectly. He had paused though, and then had asked Hook about a property the brothers were interested in. The old Pepperpot pub on the Basin End Road. Someone in authority was being difficult about it. Was there any way to help the council see sense?
Despite the pressing fairground business, Hook had personally rushed through the formalities. As the issue required also a little intervention from Smee, it had, actually, been a useful exercise. A sort of minor dress rehearsal for the business now at play. And so, by Thursday teatime the deal, in principle, had been done. As a token of appreciation the brothers had sent, the following day, a magnificent bouquet of lilacs. This was accompanied by a small, plain card that read To Mr Hook, with sincere thanks from his good friends Alfred and Frederick (Mason).
And so it was that Hook, Jukes and Smee, and not Roy ‘Gentleman’ Starkey, found themselves deeply engaged in the errand. Now, halted in front of the waxworks, they listened out for the boy. Nothing. 
As quietly as possible, Hook led the group on. But he hadn’t reckoned on the circle of bricks: a campfire, abandoned who-knows-when, lay like a mantrap opposite the entrance. Falling into the pit, Hook stifled a curse. Smee fussed around, and in torchlight puffs of ancient ash attacked the men’s throats. With a halting hand, Hook quashed Smee’s attentions, though. Instead, he rose, Hook, slowly, and composed himself for a second or two. Then the three marched on. Jukes, again positioned behind Smee, prodded and jolted him towards the entrance. And through the corridor they crept.
‘What’s on earth’s that?!’ The three men froze at Smee’s terrified whisper. His torch had passed across the large wax policeman, illuminating, for a moment, its expressionless face.
‘Idiot!’ seethed Hook. Jukes fanned his hand across the dummy’s eyes. Then he made a fist, drew back his arm and halted just fractions from impact. You could never be too sure. His time in the Army had taught him that. Satisfied, he swept, with his torch, the ticket booth, and left no corner unexplored. Empty. They moved on, each man unknowingly collecting, on his sole, a tack from the fallen poster nearby. Then over the turnstile they went. Hook, last to enter, slipped again, and this time swore. Mechanically, Jukes thrust out a strong arm and pulled Hook easily from the floor. But Smee, recalling Hook’s rejection not two minutes previously, stood back, his head bowed. 
‘Gather round, gather round.’ Hook whispered. And the three formed a torch-lit huddle. ‘Let’s stick together, shipmates.’ Here Hook was making a reference to the patch that covered his left eye. The evening’s ball, Rum Meets Royalty, had taken on the theme of pirates and princesses. At The Plebeian, Hook had reluctantly changed his outfit. But he was clinging to this last gasp of the costume for a little while longer. ‘If we each keep our eyes keen,’ and for a moment he lifted the patch, ‘we’ll soon smoke the landlubber out.’
Jukes saluted and in as pirateish a voice as he could conjure said ‘Aye, aye, cap’n!’ 
‘Into battle, then.’ said Hook.
30. A Chamber of Horrors
Saturday November 1st 2014 – All Saints’ Day

The men moved around the chamber, their torches picking out figures here and there. Amid so many wax dummies, the job was a delicate one. More than once, one or other of them had sworn that this or that shape had moved. But no: each time they surrounded the suspect, only wax did they face. 
Jukes was about to make the very decent suggestion that they should simply topple every last figure, clear the arena of civilians as it were, when from the blackness something moved towards the three. No question this time: it could only be the boy. Hook quickly marshalled the group, one man on either side, and they each braced themselves for the grab. But as the figure advanced – smoothly, unnaturally – Smee cried out. ‘Don’t let it anywhere near me!’
The body zipped into view. At a fair old pace it threatened to knock Hook for six, but at the last moment it lunged forward, twisted and crashed to the floor. The men scattered. Now, cautiously, they returned. 
Each man trained his torch upon the fallen dummy. Then they stared at the figure. And with bright green eyes it stared vacantly right back. An executioner, the thing was. Dressed all in black, in its hands it held, still, a massive axe. Hook scanned, very carefully, the immediate area. Nothing could he see. And nothing either did he hear. And when the dummy’s left eye rolled from its socket and found its way to the floor below, even that tiny sound caused the men to jump.
‘Look at this.’ said Smee. Hook and Jukes shone their torches on the doll’s feet. Fixed to each of them were four little wheels. Castors. The sort you’d find propping up a wardrobe. Peter had wrenched them from something and stabbed the prongs through. 
‘Very crafty.’ said Jukes quietly. ‘Very inventive.’ Then he wrenched back his arm and with a single punch caved in one entire side of the dummy’s face. Next he wiped, with irritation, the dusty, waxy remnants that clung to his hand.
He is nothing, thought Hook, if not theatrical, this boy. He took, again, a moment to admire the lad’s audacity; the sheer choreography of it all. But then he reminded himself of exactly what was at stake. The men moved on. 
Nearby stood the Great Plague display. A row of thrown-up wooden doors, not unlike, thought Smee, the bathing huts he’d seen as a holidaying boy at Babbacombe, bore the dreaded red X: deadly shorthand for the awful disease. Below each cross was daubed the plea Lord have mercy upon us. 
Hook stepped into the display, his soles squishing down on the perishing remains of scores of rubber rats. Moving along the line of doors he tapped, with his telescope, slowly on each one. ‘Boy,’ he whispered, ‘time to bring out your dead.’
Behind the fifth door stood Peter. And as Hook rapped softly on its surface the boy stared, from mere inches, through a knothole. Hook did the same, but he caught nothing of Peter. The man’s aftershave though rested in the boy’s throat and it was a chore to suppress a cough. Jukes, a little way off, began pulling and pushing at the doors. This caused the entire facade to move as one, and had Peter not, with all of his strength, gripped at the frame it was built around, the whole row would have toppled.
‘More or less a stage set.’ said Jukes, ‘Come on.’ Reluctantly, Hook stepped away from the display, and as they passed the file of doors Jukes elbowed each one, just in case. As he dunted Peter’s door, the boy heard the plywood creak and saw it bulge for just a moment. But Jukes had been right; these doors were nothing more than props, right down to their painted-on hinges and handles. 
Now they walked deeper into the chamber, the three men, their torch beams swishing this way and that. As each new exhibit presented itself, Jukes gibbered away about its real-life history. He was about to point out the technical errors of the Gunpowder Plot display when something up ahead caught his eye.
‘Shakespeare.’ said Jukes. ‘The Bard himself. Yet here he wears the hat of Sherlock Holmes. Why?’ He approached the dummy, and with a flick of his hand sent the deerstalker spinning out and away. But quickly he found something else to complain about. ‘Look at that urchin’s head. It’s on backwards.’ Jukes crept towards this figure too. But then he felt the merest tension at his ankle. 
Jukes’ military career had given him a sound understanding of booby traps. But all that knowledge and instinct had quietly dulled across the years. Automatically, he snapped his foot backwards. But he knew too well that the time for evasive action had passed: he had triggered a device. 
A ripping sound from above was the only warning. And then they rained down: heads and arms and legs and torsos. Somewhere in that pile of wax, the flesh-and-bone limbs of Hook, Jukes and Smee would be found. But who knew where? 
You see, in a storage room behind the workhouse display, Peter had happened upon dozens of mannequins. Draped in once-white sheets these kings and queens and heroes and villains had looked for all the world like ghosts frozen in time. The boy, knowing no fear, had whipped the covers from the dolls and with a stout branch of yew had dismembered the lot. From Spicerhill Tennis Club he had acquired a net. Then, back in the chamber, he had raised the thing high into the rafters and had lobbed into it the entire sorry collection. 
They’d been nutted and kicked and socked, Hook and Smee, by the great and the good: by Dickens and Gandhi, by Cleopatra and Curie, and by Victoria and Albert too. Jukes – naturally, miraculously, and typically – had avoided injury with a swift last-second sidestep and a graceless dive into nearby Stone-Age London. 
The men picked themselves up. If Hook had previously been furious with the boy, this latest assault had made him incandescent. He shouted into the chamber threats worthy of one wearing the eye patch of a pirate.
‘When I get hold of that young mudlark, and I know you’re listening, you worthless little weevil, I’ll add to this pile your appendages. You’ll be shark bait by dawn.’ Peter, concealed among the ashes of the Great Fire, smiled and whispered. ‘Only in your nightmares.’
Hobbling, and grimacing from the assault, the three drifted from Victorian times and on into the Tudor era. Here, Smee’s foot, just like Jukes’ had done, brushed against something. Fearing another trap, Smee stabbed his torch downwards. Then he shrieked. Staring up at him were the inexpressive eyes of King Henry VIII. 
Jukes pushed Smee away. At arm’s length, and using his fingers as pincers, Jukes picked up the head – the dainty way you might handle something dead – and fixed it back onto the king’s shoulders as best he could. 
‘I wouldn’t much fancy being his wife.’ said Smee, ‘I’m quite attached to my head, thank you very much.’
‘And if, Mr Smee, you’d like that to remain the case, may I ask you, respectfully, to keep your trap shut.’ growled Hook from close by. 
‘Can’t you both keep quiet?’ said Jukes, his Army instinct rising once more.
‘I only spoke,’ said Hook, irritated, to tell him to stop speaking.’
But the men quite forgot their squabbles when Peter at last made his move. He called out, the boy, in as ghostly a voice as he could muster.
‘Searching for me, Mr Hook?’
‘He knows your name,’ whimpered Smee, ‘The boy is bewitched.’
Hook raised his arm to call for silence. His eyes narrowed and he stood absolutely still. Then, between the odd-looking shapes, something darted past. He was sure of it, Hook. At once, three beams of light threw wild shadows across the walls. But all was still, for Peter was again crouched safely in a corner.
‘You two, block the exit.’ whispered Hook, ‘I’ll flush him out. If he tries to run,’ and Hook nodded at Jukes, ‘do whatever it takes.’
The two men darted away. Then Hook began moving through the chamber. Every few seconds the silence gave in to the terrible, hollow sound of a body thudding on the floor: Hook, tired now of stalking, had instead begun boffing away dummy after dummy in his path. ‘Boy?’ he whispered, ‘Boy, where are you?’ After a few seconds though, an unearthly twanging sound was followed by two screams. And then by muted groans. Hook froze. An unease consumed him. 
‘Sharpened sticks.’ wailed Smee from somewhere close by.
‘Get over here, Hook.’ demanded Jukes. But his voice, twisted and tempered by the pain, was an ill fit for his command.
Peter, you see, hadn’t wasted the recent days just moping in his hammock. Instead, in the dead of night, and straight on ‘til morning, he’d been making trips to Spicerhill Spinney: a small wood of ash and yew and hazel and hawthorn that characters like Jukes were banned from building upon. There, he’d cut and collected dozens of yew branches – the very ones whose pointed ends were now spearing Jukes and Smee. Powered by great lengths of elastic they were. Lengths stolen by the boy from that supermarket over the water. It was an insult not lost on Jukes: despite being stretched to their limit, the word JukeBox, printed at intervals across each broad strap of elastic, remained easily legible. 
In every corner of Neverland too, stout posts of cheap, splintery wood, swiped from the fences of Charlotte Park, had been hidden. The boy had carved them into spears and wrapped around them thorn-filled bramble branches from the spinney. Beneath the Divebomber they rested. In the gaps between slot machines. Inside the Tunnel of Love. Peter had planned for every possible battlefield. And here in the waxworks a dozen or so were on hand. 
‘You just sit there skewered,’ roared Hook, ‘I’ll do better on my own anyway.’ Then, despite the pain in his knee, he continued pushing the dummies over, his arms sweeping left then right, left then right. 
Adolf Hitler, Hook toppled with gusto, and when the figure fell, it smacked hard upon a tabletop map of Europe and deployed invading armies into heaps of new territories and conquests. But further on, when Hook happened upon a display of six faithful pirates – watching, from behind a pyramid of barrels, their captain being hanged – he let them stand and kicked instead at the Execution Dock gallows. As it collapsed, hanging captain and all, he nodded to the closest pirate and grabbed from it a dagger. Its wax hand remained gripped to the weapon though, so Hook flung it to the ground and chose a cutlass instead, polishing its blade upon his sleeve. Even in his left hand, it would make for a formidable threat. Then he hacked, Hook, at the rope around the captain’s neck and threw him back to his crew. Next, Hook turned and called into the chamber.
‘Oh, phantom, what might your name be?’
Behind Hook, Peter cupped his hands around his mouth. In a gruff voice he shouted ‘It is I, Blackbeard, king of all pirates.’
Hook turned at once in Peter’s direction. He flicked his cutlass through the musty blackness and, for practice, scored into the choking air a letter H. But Peter had already concealed himself elsewhere. Hook’s response was to stand completely still. Then he listened, in vain, for a sniffle, a cough, a heartbeat. Anything that might give the game away.
‘Boy?’
‘Blackbeard.’ sang out Peter, and he gave the word a little lift in the middle. Hook once more advanced towards the voice. Then he stepped forward, stamping his foot on the stone floor. 
‘Boy!’
Again Peter was too quick for him. ‘Blackbeard!’ He shouted it quickly this time, then gave a wax chaplain a shove. It tumbled towards Hook, but in one agile move, the man had waltzed to safety and plunged the cutlass through the dummy’s heart. Did that count as blasphemy? Hook couldn’t be sure. 
‘You fly swiftly,’ called out Hook, ‘but then, so do I.’ He yanked from the mannequin’s guts the cutlass. Then, conscious of being observed by the boy, lopped off the chaplain’s head. This he’d intended to achieve via a single swipe. But the hardened wax stood up to the blade. Instead, just as he’d done to the captain’s noose, he slashed at the thing, Hook, causing chips of wax to settle, like snow, on the flagstone floor.
From somewhere nearby, Smee and Jukes cried out. Ever-loyal, Smee had tried to lift himself. But his pain had been too great. Jukes, thinking of himself, begged only for assistance. 
‘Hook, there’s a man down.’ he wailed, imagining himself again on the field of battle, ‘Get over here. Now.’
But Hook ignored him. Right now, the boy was all that counted. Whatever horrors were visiting the other two they’d brought upon themselves. If they were destined to end their days here, as outlines in chalk, or as peculiar stains on stone, then so be it. 
Hook’s own injuries? Adrenaline, for the moment, had dismissed them. Now, through the Great Plague display he walked once more, clicking the cutlass’ tip on the flagstones. Surely, he thought, one of the diseased victims moved just then? Could it be the boy in disguise? Or was it another of his toxic booby traps? Slowly, Hook returned to the miserable character, its skin a banquet of boils and sores. Fixing it in an intense stare, he flashed his cutlass across its eyes. But it moved not one inch. Hook turned, then quickly spun back and zipped, again, the weapon, past that doomed, unfortunate face. But its eyes didn’t flutter. The boy was somewhere else. He pushed, Hook, at the mannequin’s midriff a couple of times – he couldn’t bear to touch its skin – and the figure fell and broke apart at his feet.
Looking across the displays, Hook caught sight of that once-burly executioner. His axe, however, had vanished. And now the dummy’s hands lay nearby on the slabs. The boy must have torn them off when he wrenched away the weapon. How on earth had he managed it unseen? Hook stood stock-still and listened hard. Beyond the lowering moans of Jukes and Smee though, he heard nothing. 
In three short steps Hook left the plague-ridden London of 1666 and found himself among the diabolical taverns and alleys of Whitechapel in 1888. He held aloft the cutlass and, admiring himself in its reflection, asked softly ‘Who are you now, oh phantom?’
‘Perhaps I’m Jack the Ripper.’ hissed Peter. The man smiled. The question had been rhetorical and he hadn’t expected a response. But he was close to Hook now, Peter. Close enough to catch the scent, yet again, of a shade too much Spiritus. The treacly waxworks air was sucking it from Hook’s pores.
‘And if you were the fabled Jack,’ said Hook, now enjoying the game, ‘would you hand me my kidney? Or an ear or two perhaps?’
‘A hand would fit the bill,’ said Peter, ‘then you truly would be known as Hook.’
‘I think not, my boy. I’ve become accustomed to my hand over the years and neither you nor your devil of a dog will separate me from it.’
‘That remains to be seen.’ said Peter. 
Perhaps he had thought himself invincible. Or perhaps he had merely let his guard slip. But crouched behind a beer delivery wagon, Peter’s shadow, made huge in Hook’s torchlight, had betrayed him. Hook, his heart leaping at the sight, stepped silently in Peter’s direction and in a flash was upon him. 
‘Excuse the Americanism’, said Hook – and with one upward swing of his cutlass he flipped from Peter’s head the executioner’s mask – ‘but trick or treat?’ Then he wrestled the axe from the boy and threw it across the chamber. Several dummies had been unvisited by Hook’s purge, and the axe caught one square in the chest, sending it scuttling across the stone floor.
Now, pinning Peter against the wall, Hook toyed at the boy’s jumper with his knife. Each flick of the blade unravelled more and more knit. Then the man spied the pouch at Peter’s waist. With a deft swipe of the cutlass Hook tore it from the boy. The dust inside fell to the ground. Then it rose in silent swells of grey. Hook coughed softly as the grime settled in his throat. Then he swallowed. 
‘This weapon may be tinny and blunt,’ snarled Hook, ‘but there are other ways to make problems disappear. Just a little pressure around this pretty white neck, for example, and off to sleep we would go.’
Ever defiant, Peter grinned at Hook. ‘And just a bite from Tink and back to the office you would flee.’
Hook laughed. ‘That familiar of yours? An unlikely scenario, my boy. All it took was a biscuit and a basket and little – Tink did you say? – was a problem no more.’
This was true. On condition that the dog remained unharmed, Smee had held open the lid of a basket. Then a biscuit had enticed Tink inside. And Smee, though he hated himself for agreeing to it, had shut the thing tight. But he was doomed, Smee, to hear forever the sound of those paws scratching desperately on wicker.
It was a plan that Hook, to Jukes’ amusement, had solemnly sketched out that afternoon at Pendulum Properties. It was a scheme, too, that he oversaw from the safety of the locked Epiphette. Right now, the truth was that Tink, from her woven cell behind the waltzers, could be of no use to Peter.
On hearing of Tink’s fate, the boy tried hard to free himself. But Hook’s grip held firm. Strength, at last, was returning to his bandaged-up hand. 
‘Your roundabouts and swings?’ he whispered, ‘I’ll dismantle them all myself. And that sign outside?’ for Peter had lit the neon in defiance of Hook’s visit, ‘I’ll rub it out entirely. Vowel-by-vowel, consonant-by-consonant. But the Gargoyle,’ and for a second or two Hook, deliberately adding to the drama, closed his eyes in ecstasy, then opened them wide, ‘I’ll undo her, nail-by-nail, plank-by-plank. I’ll bream from her keel the moss and filth you’ve permitted to shame her. Then I’ll put her back together like a jigsaw. I’ll prime her for the seven seas. We’ll sail first to Jamaica, and then to the kind of places unmentioned in the books your mother stacked upon your nursery shelf.’
‘I never had a nursery.’ said Peter, and then, with a curious smile, he whispered ‘And I never had a mother.’
‘Well,’ spat back Hook, ‘that’s one less person to mourn you. Now,’ and at this point Hook’s hand tightened further around Peter’s puny neck, ‘are you going to be sensible and surrender your Neverland to the law?’
You see, this was the thing about people like Hook. They didn’t mind getting their hands dirty up to a point. And if pushed they’d do anything for anything. But the fact is that Hook was at heart a respecter of the law and, more importantly, not at all keen on the idea of prison. So if tonight’s lark could be wrapped up even semi-legally then all the better. But one way or another – via document or death – this business would be concluded tonight. 
So it was that despite the cutlass, despite all of his fancy threats, for the boy, Hook’s first tack was a surprising one. Firstly, he switched his grip on Peter’s neck, clamping it instead with his bitten right hand. Then, producing from his pocket a folded sheet of paper, Hook snapped it against the air and opened it out. 
‘I hold here in my hand, my boy, the law of England.’
Hook didn’t, of course, hold in his hand anything of the kind. It was all make-believe. But Peter wouldn’t know that. The truth is that Hook had in fact typed the notice himself, late that afternoon, and on the kind of heavy, cream-coloured stock that told the reader this is important. Now that he had magicked it from his person, he held it inches from the boy’s eyes. In blood-red ink it bore the signature Jas. Hook.
Peter scanned the words, just shapes, really, to him, and laughed. ‘Your laws mean nothing here.’
Hook eyed the boy. Then slowly he crumpled the sheet into a ball, his hand consuming it bit by bit. 
‘Perhaps then, sonny, you could fold it into a boat.’ And at this he bounced the ball of paper against Peter’s head. 
‘That would, at least, make it interesting.’ It was, thought Hook, a terrific response from the boy. The kind of reply known, in the political arena, as a zinger. 
‘I should eviscerate you here and now with this butter knife,’ and Hook pulled, from his waistband, his cutlass, ‘just for those capers alone.’ Then he lowered both the weapon and his voice. ‘But they reeked of class. So I shan’t.’
‘Oh, please do.’ said Peter. 
He was annoyed, Hook. He was annoyed because the boy had manoeuvred him into a corner. And now there was only one way to end the thing. With steel, and then with the saws and shovels and polythene sheets in the Epiphette’s boot: devices for disposal that, like the basket, Tink’s biscuit and the men’s torches, Jukes had spirited from his Lambeth branch.
He’d been daft, Hook, not to call that character of Mason’s. The one with no fingerprints. What was his name again? Stark. No, Starkey, it was. For a moment, he even considered calling the man. His card, after all, lay close by, in the glove box. But, no, that was ridiculous. A non-plan. The product of confusion. 
Then Hook had another thought. The boy was cunning alright. And certainly inventive. But was he really aware of the gravity of his situation? Maybe spelling out his fate would do the trick. So he gazed, Hook, as if bored, at the gleaming skull on his finger. 
‘It could, of course, be arranged, instead, for you to... die, y’know. If you’d prefer.’
‘To die will be an awfully big adventure.’ flashed back Peter, ‘Let’s both go on it together.’
‘Yes! Let’s do that!’ said Hook. As quick as you like, Peter made a grab for the dagger concealed at his side. He would have stuck Hook with it there and then, had not the dreadful death-knell sound invaded the chamber.
It began softly, then rose in volume. On hearing it Hook released his grip on Peter’s neck. The man seemed to visibly shrink as he wailed deep into himself. ‘It’s the hound. It’s back for the rest of me.’ Hook dropped the cutlass and held instead his bandaged hand. ‘Never will it stop. For now it has, my boy, a taste for my curious blood.’
But if only Hook had known. Behind the waltzers Tink remained, albeit her teeth were almost through the basket. For the source of the bell we need look only to Wendy. There, in the ticket booth she stood. And above the microphone she held the charm bracelet. Having plucked from the bell the gum that had deadened its ringing, she was shaking the thing. And now, like a spell, its tiny chimes – lifted, amplified and thrown across the chamber – were paralysing the man. 
Peter stood over the blubbering Hook. He had retreated to the floor, his good hand clamped to the flagstones for fear of toppling over. Peter pointed with his dagger to the puddle of a man and searched for something noble to say. Surprisingly, Hook beat him to it. He looked up towards the boy. 
‘I shall die as an English gentleman.’ he said, ‘De mortuis nil nisi bonum. Of the dead say nothing but good.’ Hook then bowed his head and Peter drew back his arm, ready to strike good the blow. But the patch that Hook wore hid the deadly, underhand glint in that eye. In one smooth manoeuvre he kicked Peter’s legs away and smothered the boy. On the stone Peter now lay, looking up not only at Hook, but also at Smee and Jukes. 
Hook, although he would never have admitted it, was glad of the other two. He’d feared that they were done for. Feared that all of this would be for nothing, and that unsirened ambulances – the kind with no need to flee or race through traffic lights – would be lugging the pair away. But no, somehow Jukes and Smee had managed to unhitch themselves from spikes of yew. Somehow they’d fought the desire to pass out. And now Jukes, outraged at the sight, had even found the strength to tear from Peter’s chest a row of medals the boy had pilfered from a uniformed dummy. 
Peter’s spears, though, had left their marks. Smee? He was clamping a handkerchief to his wounded arm. And from his left shoe squidged blood at every limping step. Jukes? He clutched at a sticky red patch above his knee, and he pinched together a gash in his stomach. The boy, though, was so pale and reedy that it broke them, despite their injuries, to shine a light upon his face. Smee in particular felt the badness of the deed. Even Jukes considered Hook’s false surrender to be a tactic unfit for the battlefield. 
Hook now picked up Peter’s dagger and tested the point with his finger. ‘Whittled well, my boy.’ and he jerked the weapon at Peter, halting just inches from his heart. ‘That’s good news for you.’
‘Stab me in your own time.’ said Peter, and he nodded to the rip in his jumper. Jukes, you see, when tearing from the boy the medals, had torn away also a sizeable strip of wool. ‘All I ask is that you strike true!’ Then the boy laughed with such disregard for himself that the men, even Hook himself, each shed a single tear.
A stronger man than Smee would have intervened, negotiated, feigned a collapse. Anything to buy time. But Smee, if he had strength about him at all, it was not in this area. And Jukes? Well to his mind he was standing not in the waxworks at all, but rather in Aisle 10: Stationery, Pens & Pencils of JukeBox Spicerhill. Nothing, he thought, must prevent it. This was a poor show, Jukes conceded: classless and inglorious. Unworthy of a soldier. But it was a necessary evil. Best to get it over and done with. And besides, he thought, as he surveyed the seeping from his belly, the boy himself had hardly spared the rod. No. he’d see the thing through. Then he’d detach those medals from that ribbon of wool, search the chamber, and make it his mission to pin them back upon their rightful recipient. 
The three men looked to one another. And then they nodded, once, in unison. 
Hook couldn’t remember where or when exactly, but he had read, a long time ago, that six out of ten men who know they’re about to die cry out for their mothers. This Peter was a boy of course, not a man at all, and apparently one with no mother to plead to. Would he number himself, therefore, among those peculiar four who pleaded to something else? The query nagged at Hook, so he banished it from his thoughts. Then he cleared his throat in preparation for the final, pretentious words Peter would ever hear. He assumed a statuesque stance and began. 
‘I’d marked you out as a mere picaroon. But I must say, my boy, that...’
‘This might be highly illegal, but it’s going to make us all highly successful.’
It was Hook’s voice, and it echoed around the chamber.
‘The entire place is bewitched.’ whispered Smee, and he held, for comfort, onto Jukes’ arm. 
Hook? Compelled into action by the confusion, he closed tight his eyes and lunged with the dagger. But the blade met only stone. The boy had disappeared.
Next, from out of the blackness above, Jukes’ voice:
‘Remember, Hook, if this goes wonky you’re on your own. Nothing to do with me.’
Jukes’ hand now clutched Smee’s arm, the pressure causing more blood to ooze from his wound. He stared, Jukes, wild-eyed, all around the waxworks. Then booming into the air came Hook’s reply:
 ‘That’s something to bear in mind, Mr Smee. If this should end up in some frightful mess it’s on your head. My name doesn’t get mentioned.’
Now it was Smee’s turn:
‘What can go wrong, Mr Hook? The thing is good as done. Twenty thousand pounds to Mr Mullins at the ball tonight. And not a penny was ever spent more wisely.’
Smee, on hearing his own voice, clamped both hands to his mouth. 
In the ticket booth, Wendy stood over the microphone. With two shaking hands she held her phone. And it was from the mobile that snippets of the meeting were leaking.
Jukes, once more:
‘I know how these things play out, Hook. You can expect the small shops in the area to close in less than a year. After that you’ll have your properties – and they’ll cost you next to nothing.’
And a beauty from Hook:
‘One day I’ll be precisely where Mullins is now. But I won’t stop at Spicerhill. When I’m in charge of London, Mr Smee and I will wave through as many JukeBoxes as you can handle.’
‘Oh, superb, Hook.’ shouted Jukes. ‘Bene factum! That’s the thing dead and buried now.’
But in his head Hook was working out a formula. Time and words were bracketed, multiplied, divided and squared in an equation that eventually concluded with one solution. ‘The ticket booth!’ he yelled, ‘There’s still time.’
Crossing centuries, and sweeping aside the handful of wax figures still standing, Hook led the charge. Behind him, Jukes and Smee hobbled and limped as fast as their injuries allowed. In no time at all they were upon the booth. But Wendy had fled. And only traces of Witching Hour and specks of airborne glitter hinted that she had ever even been there. No matter: the microphone, its amber power light battling against the dark, told the men all they needed to know. It picked up Hook’s curses, then flung them across the chamber where they met Peter’s roar. It had been a more dramatic use of the recordings than Wendy had envisaged. But having them engulf, like avenging angels, the three men, had easily trounced the original plan of simply handing the phone to the boy.
From her spot aboard the Gargoyle, Wendy watched the liberated Tink chasing Hook and Smee and Jukes. From the waxworks they ran as best they could until eventually the last of them had squeezed through the gap and out and away from Neverland.

31. The Last Night of the Fair
Saturday November 1st 2014 – All Saints’ Day

Leaping onto the deck, Peter strode across the boards and joined Wendy. The boy felt powerful. Invincible. That clock near the water? If he wanted, he could snap his fingers and make its bell strike. And that silly wheel on the opposite side? With a nod of his head it would fall from its fixings and roll along the bank. He flashed a conceited grin at Wendy. 
‘The cleverness of you?’ she asked.
‘The cleverness of me!’ shouted Peter. Taking aim he threw Hook’s cutlass. It spun in the air then struck the main mast so cleanly that the boy struggled for a while to pull the thing back out. 
‘He left you with a war wound.’ said Wendy, and she pointed to the lines Hook’s fingers had made across the boy’s neck. He tilted his head, proud to give the girl a better look. 
After Peter had stopped bragging about how he had seen off Hook and his friends, he did manage to say nice things about Wendy’s now-tattered costume. And, after a few false starts, he even got the ghost train working. ‘It’s Halloween, after all.’ he said. 
They hopped, Peter and Wendy into a squat carriage. It was shaped like a skull, the thing, and buried in its eye sockets were headlamps, both covered by a brittle circle of translucent red film. Then, to the sound of sirens, they plunged down concealed hills and angled their way through walls painted with graveyards and mansions, swamps and forests. Towards a gnarled old tree zoomed the carriage. There, two nooses, dangling from bare branches, looked certain to snare Wendy and the boy. Don’t hang around here! read the inscription on a cardboard gravestone. But at the last moment, the car dipped and carried them below the tree, and on through a tunnel flanked by enormous worms and centipedes. 
On the rails, the rusting carriage wheels shredded bats and witches, skeletons and spiders. Once, suspended from the roof, these would have brushed the riders’ faces. Now, only barren lengths of elastic hung in their place. Ignoring the little warning sign bolted inside the carriage, Wendy scooped from the track a handful of cobwebs. No match for the speed of the ride though, the wisps were quickly snatched up and swallowed by the air, leaving the girl holding only a clutch of plastic spiders. 
Sat on a cushion-free plank, and feeling every kink and bump offered by the tracks, Wendy did, for a few moments, wonder about a life spent in Neverland. Peter, always watching, saw these thoughts form and he smiled. Breathing life into the train was part of his bigger plan to keep Wendy here. She kind of knew this by now, but for the moment was content to pretend he had done it only to make her happy.
After one full circuit, the carriage slowed to a halt and rested, with a bump, against the next car in line: a screeching owl. They climbed out, Wendy and the boy, and when he’d returned from the switch box around the back he thought he’d lost her – that, job done, she’d slipped away. A panic overtook him. But then she answered his call.
‘The waxworks.’ she shouted, ‘I want to see the aftermath.’
When Peter caught up, he found Wendy kneeling over a flagstone. There, with a lolly stick, she was tampering with the blood upon its surface, flicking at the stain so that skinny trails extended out from its centre. Close by, lay the boy’s traps, and another opportunity for him to show off.
‘Stand back a bit,’ said Peter, ‘and watch this. Tink, get away from there.’ The boy, retreating a couple of steps from the trap, snatched from his waistband Hook’s cutlass. Then he drew it back and launched it into the thing. It had looked innocent enough, the device: not unlike a bundle of sticks someone might assemble for firewood. But when the cutlass hit the trap it twanged open like a flower and sent the weapon boomeranging into the air. They hit the deck, Peter and Wendy, and shielded their faces. The boy’s device, though, had flung the cutlass some distance away. Skidding and sparking across the stone floor, it spun on a single flagstone for a few moments before resting. Cautiously, Wendy crouched close to the trap. 
‘This thing won’t go off again, will it?’
The boy shook his head. ‘And it’s not a thing. It’s a spikemine.’ 
Wendy extended an arm out and teased, with a fingertip, each spear’s pointed end.
‘Ow.’ said the girl, scowling at an emerging speck of blood. ‘They’ll survive, I take it?’, and she plucked from the floor a single glass eye, ‘Hook and those two men.’
Peter shrugged. ‘I don’t know. I expect so. They were alive enough when Tink chased them away.’ And when the girl said nothing, he lifted one of the spears from another of his traps. One that Jukes or Smee had triggered. Then he held the stick in the air for Wendy to see. From its whittled summit down to roughly a quarter of its length, the wood, like the stone floor below it, was stained red. 
‘If I’d really wanted to I could have finished them all off.’ said Peter, ‘I could have cut pockets up and down this thing and loaded them with yew seeds, you know. I once saw a rabbit eat just one yew berry and it died there and then.’ The boy clutched at his throat and pretended to stagger. ‘Or I could have cut nicks all along the shaft.’ 
He threw the spear into the air. It spun as it rose, and when the boy grabbed it on the descent, he did so with one hand. Resting its tip on the stone, Peter whipped, from inside his sock, a wooden dagger. Then at speed he chopped dozens of notches up and down the length of the stick. They fanned out, these nicks, and although they added a certain decoration, it was easy for Wendy to imagine the damage they’d do to a person. 
Next, in one fluid movement, the boy reeled away, stabbed a felled dummy then pulled, slowly, the spear from its chest, twisting it as he did. ‘Now it does more damage on the way out than it did on the way in.’ He sounded, the boy, like some expert explaining his craft at a Doors Open day. And as if to emphasise the point, the exiting stick created elegant little corkscrews of wax. Then they fell from the wood, the curls, and gathered in a pile around the wound. ‘So you see, I did actually spare them.’
‘You’re all heart.’ said Wendy. Then she nodded to the mannequin, its perforated torso peppered with remnants of wax and shredded fabric, ‘But did Churchill really deserve that?’ 
The comment flew over the boy’s head, so like a stand-up moving rapidly on from a joke that didn’t fly, Wendy grabbed the stick from him. It dug, though, into fingers scarred already by the popcorn cart, so she let it go.
‘Hold it there,’ said Peter, ‘at the top end.’ And with his foot he tapped the spear’s smooth summit. Wendy picked the thing up, then she turned quickly, as Peter had done, and thrust it into the dummy. 
‘Nice work.’ said the boy. 
When Wendy drew the stick back, the nicks in the wood offered a bit of resistance. It felt satisfying, so she had a couple more tries. Then, with the wax overwhelming and blunting the notches, Wendy explained to the boy how to throw a javelin. Imagining herself at the track, and sounding for all the world like Miss Bicker from school, she explained the different grips, the importance of the approach run and delivery. He seemed to enjoy, the boy, the details, but didn’t see the logic in throwing a spear unless it was to be thrown at someone. He had a go though, and was pleased when the stick knocked something over at the other end of the chamber. 
As they stepped across arms and legs and heads, Wendy felt like some victorious leader ferried, post-danger, out to the front; out to bathe in the glory. Or even just a footsoldier ordered back to the battlefield to finish off anyone with designs on surviving. 
Peter kicked at someone’s forearm. Spinning like the blades of a helicopter, it whizzed off into a corner. Tink, although she was tired by now, zoomed after it. And when she returned, she held in her mouth a small, shiny object. 
‘What’s she got?’ said Peter. Tink dropped the item into Wendy’s hand. She recognised it immediately. It was Hook’s pocket watch. On the floor of Sweeney Todd’s barbershop Tink had found it, and that’s precisely where it would otherwise have lain and wound down in short order.
‘It’s nothing.’ said Wendy. ‘Just a medal from one of the displays.’ The girl, you see, knew well that Peter would want to destroy the thing. She, however, had a notion to keep it: a trophy of war. 
A few moments later, with Peter chucking more limbs for Tink to find and fetch, Wendy turned away and opened the case. An inscription inside read: To James, on your graduation. With warm regards from your mother and father. She snapped the watch closed.
‘Will you walk me home?’ Wendy asked. Hook’s watch had of course also revealed the time: it was a little before 2AM. Even Peter who, post-Hook, had already begun his mission to keep this Wendy, accepted that it wouldn’t be settled tonight.
‘Yes,’ he grumped, ‘if that’s what you really want.’ Tink, by now completely exhausted, was carried to the Gargoyle where Wendy tucked her into her drawer and kissed her goodnight. 
Then out of Neverland slipped Peter and Wendy.
Even on this night of victory, dark unresolved thoughts invaded them both and little was said on the road to No. 14.

32. Deadly Nightshade
Saturday November 1st 2014 – All Saints’ Day

As Peter and Wendy trudged up the Spicerhill High Street, a tug on John’s hair had woken him. It was Michael. He had risen from the night’s second nightmare and was pointing at the curtains billowing in the breeze. 
John, fed up at being disturbed, kicked his sheets away nonetheless. The open window had gotten his attention. And now a noise from outside – that tattletale gate – pulled both boys to the glass. On seeing Wendy, John backed away and told Michael to do the same. Then he stood over the girl’s bed. And when he prodded at the lump beneath the sheets he knew exactly what she’d done.
Up the path they walked, Wendy and Peter. The cold, at last, had defeated the girl and as she shivered, the one unbroken wing on her back fluttered in a hellish breeze. Next to the gate she’d found her wand. It was bent now, almost in an L-shape. But despite all that, despite the state of her wings and the mud on her shoes and dress, had she taken flight to the window, and to safety, no one would have thought it strange.
Back in the bedroom, Michael, tangled up in curtains, asked ‘Who’s that boy with Wendy?’ But John shushed him.
‘I don’t know.’ he whispered, ‘He looks kind of weird, doesn’t he? What’s he dressed up as?’
Michael shrugged. ‘Is he a tree or something? Trees aren’t for Halloween.’
‘Either way, Wendy’s in trouble now for sure.’ said John. Then he smiled. It was always handy to not be the one in the bad books.
Wendy, thinking now of the warmth of No. 14, longed for her bed. Quickly, she scanned the house. Not a light on. Not a sound. They were all asleep. John and Michael. Her parents. And Nana too. OK, she’d left the window open a shade too high, but it looked like she’d gotten away with it all.
‘Thanks for the walk up the road.’ whispered Wendy, ‘I’d best get in.’
But Peter had other ideas now. He’d beaten Hook. That battle had been won. Why not, he thought, win the entire war tonight too? 
‘Why don’t you just come back with me?’ said Peter. 
‘Come back? Now? Don’t be daft.’ said Wendy, ‘And keep it down. My mum’ll kill me if she sees us out here.’
‘Let’s go back then.’ said Peter. ‘I’ll get the carousel going for you.’
His whispers cut through the air. And they reached the boys in the bedroom. ‘Carousel?’ said Michael. He grabbed at his brother’s sleeve, ‘Like in a fairground?’
But John pushed him away. ‘Keep quiet.’ he said, ‘And get back behind the curtain.’
Peter continued. ‘Remember that time in the funhouse? With those mirrors and those funny stairs? And what about the waxworks?’ said the boy. 
‘The waxworks,’ said Wendy, ‘look like they’ve been hit by a bomb.’
‘But we could put them all back together.’ said the boy. ‘Me and you. Like a couple of surgeons.’ Then, unfairly, he paused for effect, ‘There’s the Tunnel of Love too.’
‘You hated the Tunnel of Love.’ said Wendy. 
‘I was only having you on.’ said Peter. ‘I liked it, really. Honest.’
The other day Wendy had mentioned teaching him how to ride a bike. So for good measure Peter threw that in too. What fun they’d have. No school to worry about. No chores. Each word the boy spoke pulled Wendy closer to Neverland. But as if in a tug of war, the cotton sheets and pillows pulled her the other way. Pulled her back towards No. 14.
Peter saw this, and it angered him. But he hid it away. And again he softly sold Neverland to her. He would fix the waltzers. And the candy floss machine. Even the rollercoaster if he could. They could rattle along the tracks in those prams she liked so much. And they could visit the last of those Magnificent Seven cemeteries she’d told him about too. 
What else? Well, he never did get round to teaching her to levitate, he said. He’d do that. But that was nothing: he knew a thousand other illusions. And loads of card tricks. He’d teach her to climb to the top of the trees in Spicerhill Spinney as well. What a view you got from the top of the yews. All the way to Pentwood if the night was clear enough. Soon she’d be able to leap from branch to branch, just like him. And don’t forget the caves. He’d take her exploring down there. Who knows what they’d find? 
‘Diamond mines?’ said Wendy, playing along.
Peter nodded. ‘Stones as big as apples. Gold too. And strange furry animals.’
‘With big eyes?’
‘With huge eyes.’ said Peter, ‘There’s probably ponds and rockpools down there too, with seals and puffins and otters all playing games.’
Wendy smiled at the thought.
‘Wherever this place is,’ said Michael, ‘if Wendy goes, I’m going too.’
‘Shut up!’ hissed John, and he made a zipping action across his lips. 
But inside, the older boy too was thrilled. Especially by these caves. OK, like his sister, he didn’t buy the nonsense about game-playing seals either, but who needed them? Caves were magical enough without talking puffins or otters or whatever. Maybe Michael was right. Maybe the three of them could go to wherever this boy came from. And maybe they really could be rid of school for good.
‘And there’s the Gargoyle.’ said Peter, ‘We can do her up together. I’ll show you how to climb the rigging too.’
‘I can climb rigging.’ said Wendy.
‘But I can show you how to do it really, really quickly.’
‘Rigging!’ said John, a shade too loudly.
‘Pirates!’ whispered Michael. And the two boys’ eyes opened just that little bit wider.
‘We can fly paper planes from up in the crow’s nest. There’s room enough for two. You can see all of London from up there, shining like a spaceship.’
The boy was smart. Expertly, he inserted another short interval of silence before his next trick: ‘And if you reach out just a little further you can almost touch the Wendybird too.’
‘The Wendy what? What’s that?’
‘It’s the brightest star in the sky. That’s what I call it.’
‘Do you really?’ said Wendy doubtfully. But the boy mistook her scepticism for enchantment. So he said it again. ‘The Wendybird.’
Michael made a face. ‘He’s not a pirate, John.’ he whispered, ‘he’s just saying that so he can kiss Wendy.’
John nodded solemnly. ‘I think you might be right.’
Even if she hadn’t exactly fallen for this Wendybird thing, it is fair to say that the rest of Peter’s spiel was doing the trick. He saw this, and felt a sour little pinch of something. Exhausted, the girl had dropped her guard. She was drunk on his promises – bribes actually – of pillow fights and of mended rides and midnight feasts. Neverland was working its magic. A waltzer here, a ghost train there. Peter, sensing victory, whispered ‘You don’t ever need to grow up, Wendy. Never, ever.’
Perhaps it was something in what the boy had just said. Or maybe it was how he had said it. But it was at this point that John began sensing danger.
‘I’m going to fetch mum.’ he said, ‘You wait here. But keep quiet. OK? Unless he does something. If he does, just shout the house down.’
Feeling suddenly important, Michael nodded. Mrs Darling, however, was one step ahead. Woken by the boys’ chat, she met John on the landing. There, in excited whispers, he’d quickly explained. 
Meanwhile, out in the garden, the boy was heading to the gate. And Wendy was following him. 
‘I told you to shout if something happened.’ said John, and he gave the smaller boy a shove. 
‘Cut it out, you two.’ said Mrs Darling. She was already at the window. ‘And keep your voices down. I don’t want your dad waking up.’ 
‘I’m going down there.’ said John. 
‘Me too!’ said Michael. He dropped Kit the hare, and instead reached for the plastic cutlass poking out from under his bedclothes.
But Mrs Darling turned from the window and shook her head. ‘Get back into bed. Both of you. Right now.’
‘But we saw him first.’ said Michael.
‘Yeah.’ You wouldn’t even know about it if we hadn’t told you.’
‘Beds. Now.’
Then she hurried from the room, the squeak from the garden gate quickening her route to the front door.

***

It hadn’t taken at all long for Mrs Darling to throw on a coat. Now, out on the Spicerhill High Street, she was keeping Wendy and the boy at a safe distance. Even when stopping to lace her trainers, she let the two figures out of her sight for just seconds. 
Away from the high street, tracking the pair had gotten more difficult. They’d triggered, of course, that gauntlet of security lights on Llewelyn Crescent and Mrs Darling had had to wait for them to ping off before advancing. She’d almost lost them because of that. Then, on Cardoman Road, when she’d kicked a pebble and it had bounced off the base of a lamppost, she feared she’d be seen. But they hadn’t turned around, Wendy and the boy, whoever he was. 
A little further on, on Twinnet Avenue, Wendy had turned to respond, non-verbally, to two masked boys on bicycles. But their wolf-whistles had provided a warning, and Mrs Darling had ducked behind a postbox. Admiral Drive. Twinnet Avenue. And now Comet Road. Wendy’s mother didn’t get it. 
At the wasteground, where almost no cover at all was offered, Mrs Darling, feeling silly, crouched behind a pyramid of fly-tipped rubble sacks. Inside one, amid chunks of plaster and ripped-up strips of carpet, poked out a large shard of broken glass. Shaped like a shark fin, it would be dangerous to even hold, never mind use as a weapon. So she left the thing there, Mrs Darling, and instead pulled out a length of cord, untying it from a busted-up old pulley. Then she tied in the centre of the cord a fat knot, exactly like the villains in her TV shows would do. 
Stuck for the moment at the sacks, Mrs Darling watched the two walking towards a row of old railway arches. And, when they looked for all the world to be bee-lining into one, for Wendy’s mother the time for sneaking around had passed. She rose and hurried across the red gravel to the arch. And as the figures disappeared into it, Wendy’s name began bouncing around its walls. The girl stopped dead and shut her eyes tight. The boy stood still too. But he had turned and fixed his gaze on the woman now marching towards them.
Inside he raged, the boy, because just one mother’s word – Wendy – had begun unravelling the spell he had so skilfully spun. And when Wendy turned around too, a look, of love and of concern, between a girl and her mum finally killed it. 
‘Is that a mother then?’ asked Peter. He could barely say the word out loud. 
‘It is.’ replied Wendy, smiling sadly. ‘Now do you see why I couldn’t possibly leave her?’
But of course he didn’t. And when he looked at Wendy he saw only rejection and betrayal and horrible disappointment. A traitor. A shop-soiled girl who’d remain on the shelf. And now the hand that had been gripping the dagger at the boy’s side dropped limp. 
They eyed one another, Peter and Mrs Darling. She hadn’t seen the boy’s blade, one carved, deliberately, from a rowan, the tree that offered protection against witches. But she would have been ready all the same: as well as the pulley cord, inside her pocket she stroked the edge of a paring knife. Nicked and nibbled from misuse, it caught on her skin and threatened to tear it.
 ‘Come back with us, Peter.’ said Wendy, ‘We’d make you ever so welcome.’
She looked for a nod from her mother. It never came. And when Wendy turned around again, the boy had vanished. 
A gust was sucking air into the tunnel. Sucking it towards Neverland. It tugged, the wind, at Wendy and her mother, and pulled at their hair. In response, the one undamaged wing on Wendy’s back rose too, and began beating back and forth. Then the breeze got hold of a cardboard cup and rattled it down the walls. The boy, crouching in a pit not ten feet away, caught the thing for a moment before releasing it back to the draught, and to the other end of the tunnel. Then Mrs Darling took the girl’s hand and they sheltered for a moment in a shallow cavity away to the side. Plucking the woollen hat from her head, Mrs Darling pulled it onto Wendy’s. ‘Come on. Let’s go home.’
Peter watched as they crossed from the tunnel and onto the wasteground. Then he rose a little from the pit and waited for the girl to look back. But she never did. 
Before long, those two boys from earlier were once again churning the sodden red ash. They shouted rude words too, and in roughened-up accents that fooled precisely no one. If boys came in varieties, thought Wendy, these two were an entirely different brand from the socially rubbish ones imported into the Christmas dance from St Thomas Aquinas, the nearest boys’ school. Bound in mother-dressed huddles, those ones never ventured beyond the edge of the dancefloor. Or looked you in the eye. You could tell them girls secretly had tails and they’d debate the truth of it for months afterwards. 
Wendy kicked out at the younger of the two, but he was too fast for her.
 ‘Forget them.’ said Mrs Darling. ‘I take it that’s Samantha, then? The chap in the tunnel.’ 
‘Kind of.’ said Wendy. Then she stopped for a moment. ‘It’s sort of a long story.’
‘Yeah, I bet it is. Well, you’ll be telling me all about it tomorrow. Now hurry up. It’s freezing.’ 
Behind them, one of the boys skidded and fell. His mask popped off too. Clamped below his bike, he slid sideways across the muck and ripped his jeans at the knee. Spinning uselessly on its axis, the rear wheel chirped and ticked. The other boy bunny-hopped over his friend and laughed. Wendy and Mrs Darling hoped it had hurt, though neither of them said it out loud. Instead, the walk to No. 14 was filled with talk of old films. New TV shows. The fireworks next week at Charlotte Park. And the fact that a bad night for Wendy would get a whole lot worse if anyone saw Mrs Darling in her pyjamas. 
In short, they talked about anything, actually, other than the boy. Wendy, for one, didn’t want to speak about him. And her mother, at this precise moment, didn’t actually want to hear about him.
Peter, hoisted up now from the pit, considered dealing with the two boys. Nobody would see, just like no one had seen when he’d recently whacked the smaller of them with a glassbomb. So recently in fact that the stitches hadn’t quite dissolved yet. But instead the boy headed down the tunnel. It had been a hell of a night. Another time, perhaps.
Inside No. 14 a pact was quickly made to keep the events of that evening a secret from the sleeping Mr Darling. John and Michael were also asked not to badger Wendy about it. But lying in their bunks, the boys found it difficult to keep quiet. Sleep, however, eventually stopped them nagging their sister. And in the morning, when they asked her about the fairground rides, the rigging and the caves, she made up some fiction about meeting the boy at the funfair in Brighton in the summer. 
For John and Michael, then, the novelty quickly passed and before the week was out, their strange memories of the event had evaporated for good – aided by the launch, a couple of days later, of Sirius, the sequel to Porthos. Collected, on release day, at midnight-sharp from Gravity Games in Brittlefield, it had wiped out the boys’ savings and kept them hypnotised for the remainder of that autumn.
If only it could all have vanished so easily for Wendy, though. Beneath blankets, and with those crushed fairy wings still strapped to her back, she wondered if tonight had been the last she would ever see of the boy.

Part 2 

Lamenta

33. Lamenta
November & December 2014

One thing Wendy was great – really great – at was lying under pressure and on the spot. So when Mrs Darling had nabbed her, and the business about the boy had been entered into immediately, and with no prior small talk, he was:
A friend of Samantha’s – the girl did exist, but yes, Wendy admitted, she’d been using her name as cover for meeting the boy 
He was passing, last night, on his way home from a Halloween party down the road. Held by his friend, Tim, Wendy added. Then inside she beat herself up for adding yet another complication to the story
 He’d drank rather too much Witches’ Brew from the punchbowl, the boy
When he’d texted he’d been unaware of the time
She’d popped into the garden to send him home, but ended up walking him along the road
And this morning she’d woken to a phoneful of apologies
Mrs Darling’s right eyebrow ascended so high that Wendy feared it would eventually swivel down her back. But she decided to give the girl a break. The entrance into the plot of the invisible Samantha, and a further fable about falling in the garden (to answer the unspoken queries regarding a muddy dress, wet shoes and tattered wings) made it difficult though. 
She didn’t like to pry, Mrs Darling told Wendy, but all this messing around in the garden ‘like a pair of alley cats’ she had said – that had to stop. And as for hanging about in tunnels ‘in God knows where, and in the middle of the night too’ if that ever happened again she’d be grounded. If she wanted this boy to come to tea sometime that was fine. She was trusting Wendy to handle the situation like a grown-up. And that, said Mrs Darling, would, for now, be her last word on the subject. ‘Call it a suspended sentence.’
‘He could move into the shed.’ said Wendy brightly.
‘No. He couldn’t. Wendy. Move. Into the shed.’ Her mother was doing that thing of chopping up a sentence for maximum effect. ‘I’m sure his mum and dad would love that.’ Realising she’d again stepped into territory she’d never meant to, Wendy made up some twaddle about going out for a bike ride. 
‘Say hi to Samantha.’ called out Mrs Darling, She applied sarcasm to the girl’s name, but was careful to remove it when telling Wendy not to be back late. 
She cycled, Wendy, past Neverland’s unlit sign. Then she swooped through the gap, the path to it marked, for the moment, by spots of blood on either side of the fence. Even in daylight that clown’s head, with its huge impassive eye, gave her the creeps. She jogged past it, causing tiny tides in the unclean pools of water collected across its surface and below its footprint.
Onto the deck of the Gargoyle went Wendy. But neither Peter nor Tink were anywhere to be found. Same when she squinted up at the crow’s nest. In the galley, too, all was quiet. There. slanting on the pinball machine was that jubilee teacup. Welded, via dust and dampness, to the glass, it moved not one inch. Wendy wrapped her hand around it anyway. It’s what detectives in books and films would do. If the thing was even tepid it would indicate the boy had recently been around. But it was stone cold. And inside, below the star she’d carved into that wall of tannin, swatches of blue mould had begun forming upon an evaporating residue.
Next to the teacup lay the copy of The Secret Garden. Wendy picked it up, watched all the while by those hard glass eyes of that bald eagle on the shelf. What was its name again? Eros. 
Keeping place inside the book was that green slip of a fortune the boy had shown her. Know your enemy. It had been good advice. Of the book, though, Peter hadn’t made much progress: the thing was still stuck between pages seven and eight. Wendy turned to the inside cover. There, in purple felt-tip, a previous owner had filled in a decorative label. Below the drawing of a small girl reading beneath a tree: This book belongs to Felicity Honeycutt, age 7, of Cricklewood, London, England. Under this Wendy had written her own message: To Peter. I hope you like my Secret Garden as much as I like yours. Wx
From the galley window, a streak of sunlight caught the facing page and revealed ancient scoring from a pen or pencil. Angling the book close to the pane further exposed the impression of a list of names: Lottie; Sue; Mary; Miranda; Bobby; Priscilla; Edward. It was, Wendy imagined, a lineup of party guests. And as every one of them sounded like the child of a minor royal, rather posh ones, she suspected. 
Out on the decks, Wendy tilted her head and followed the tangle of rigging all the way up to the flag. Then she grabbed the ropes and tested them with a few hard tugs. Satisfied, she shinned up. Even from her spot several metres below the crow’s nest she got a good view of Neverland: of the filthy, bulging roofs of rides; home to weeds and grasses and the droppings of pigeons. Of bales of barbed wire crowning that monstrosity of a fence and, corralled in neat, brick-built sheds, of proper tin dustbins with lids like cymbals. But of Peter and Tink there was no sign at all.
Before heading home, Wendy left some food for Peter: just a peanut butter sandwich, an apple and a handful of Nana’s biscuits. She visited the next day too, and also quickly on Monday lunchtime. That had made her late for Mrs Kirkham’s class. So she began limiting these stop-offs to weekends. A fortnight went by. And then a month. Calling out brought no response. And only the rats and foxes took the food. Their tracks, and the confetti-shreds of brown-paper sandwich bags, told Wendy that much at least. 
He was sulking, the boy. She’d worked that bit out in short order. But was he observing her visits? It wouldn’t be a massive surprise. Just in case, she sometimes aimed a waving hand at a random spot. If she struck lucky it would at least spook him. Give him something to think about. It wouldn’t go on forever, this visiting, resolved Wendy, but she’d keep it going for a while longer. 
So for all of November, and on into the Christmas season, the wildlife in Neverland got fat on Wendy’s gifts; apples and tangerines, nuts and dog biscuits. The Neverland foxes, their paw prints adding more and more decoration to the galley floor, swiped the bulk of it. And when their faeces, rich in bones and berries and feathers and fur, became a problem, Wendy gathered it with Nana’s poop scoop and bagged it all up. 
On Christmas Eve, almost for a joke, Wendy left mince pies. Who knows, she thought, perhaps Santa might swoop down and grab them before the animals did. Then, before leaving, she lifted the Routemaster model from the shelf. The thing she’d ordered for Michael hadn’t arrived and the bus would at least give him something to unwrap. But the patch it left, of less-dusty wood, was such a snitch that she ended up replacing the thing.
On Llewelyn Crescent, large seasonal wreaths hung across the rows of glossy front doors. This year the fashion was for pine cones, moss and hand-dyed branches. All lashed together by rich-red ribbons. Trees, too, of course, of six or seven feet it seemed to Wendy, dominated front-room windows. And tangled carefully in their branches were precisely the correct amount of cool white fairy lights. These picked out the oils and watercolours, the statuettes and sculptures usually barricaded behind shutters and heavy curtains. 
As she headed home, Wendy counted the trees. They were pretty of course, but she preferred the coloured lights of Lilybank Road, even if they were too common and unsophisticated for this part of town. 
On the Spicerhill High Street, and with the tree count up to twenty-eight, a woman had slipped on the pavement. Mr Pollet, from that nice old stationery shop, was helping her up. That man who every year sold tags and wrap on the corner hurried over too. Then, whilst Mr Pollet fetched a chair from his shop, the other man plucked from the gutter the woman’s dozen Sherbeton oranges. Wendy scanned the sky for a flying sleigh. Right now, she thought, she was more likely to see that than either Peter or Tink. 
As she continued up the high street, and tallied up the fortieth tree, Wendy couldn’t shake a feeling of sadness. It had stapled itself to her shortly after leaving Neverland. Perhaps it was the absence of the boy, perhaps it was something else. Maybe it was the trees, so fussed-over now, but destined, in a couple of weeks, for the kerb. 
It seemed like a cruel trick, this thing with the trees, and at No. 14, it was one the Darlings were as guilty of playing as everyone else. She’d read somewhere, though, that artificial trees – all that plastic and transport and shipping – made the things as environmentally unfriendly as buying a real tree every year. Sometimes, she concluded, you simply could not win. Turning the corner into Lilybank Road, Wendy blew, in regular little puffs, clouds of frozen breath, then got all embarrassed when a neighbour saw her. 
During dinner, Mrs Darling had noticed the girl’s glumness. She put it down to the business with the boy, but decided not to bring it up. Not on Christmas Eve. After the meal, Mr Darling and the boys slouched out to a carol service they’d been sucker-punched into. It was the nightmare scenario of a colleague having acquired free tickets they couldn’t use. 
While her mother began the traditional On Moonlight Bay/Comfort and Joy double-bill, Wendy had washed everything up. Now, Mrs Darling called her through to the living room. There, she poured out two glasses of Janefield’s Irish cream liqueur. 
‘One, and one only.’ her mother said. ‘And give me that thing for a second.’
‘What?’ said Wendy.
‘That.’ said her mother, and she pulled from Wendy’s hair a kirby grip.
‘Ow.’
Mrs Darling scratched, with the hairpin, a line on the bottle and showed it to Wendy ‘So don’t be pinching any, or I’ll know. And if you try and top it up with milk or something I’ll know that too.’ And she made a menacing I’m watching you gesture.
‘Some hope.’ said Wendy, ‘That cabinet’s always locked.’
‘I’m sure you’d find a way.’ said Mrs Darling. And as she handed back the hairpin she twisted it in the air, like a key.
What a treat, thought Wendy. But the booze quickly went to her head. And soon it was mangling her chatter of merry-go-rounds and foxes, wreathes and Christmas trees. So time was called on the thing. Quickly, the girl fell asleep in her clothes and the family’s plans for midnight mass were abandoned.
‘She’s just a little tired, George.’ Mrs Darling had said. 
‘So I see.’ said Mr Darling, and he sniffed insolently at the two glasses on the table.
‘Can we get drunk too?’ said Michael.
‘Yeah!’ said John, ‘It’s Christmas. Let’s all get sloshed.’
‘Upstairs you two.’ said Mrs Darling, ‘And don’t wake Wendy up.’
‘Fat chance of that happening.’ said John.
‘Well, if it does,’ said Mr Darling, ‘Santa will know all about it.’
When, at twelve minutes past two, Wendy did wake up, she could taste, still, the liqueur. She drifted past the sleeping boys – why am I still dressed? – kicking, as she went, the basin Mrs Darling had left beside her bed.
It felt great to rinse her face, to brush her teeth, and to grab a swig of Mr Darling’s mouthwash. As Wendy replaced the bottle, label to the front, and exactly where she’d found it, she closed the cabinet over. Reflected in its mirrored door, little blobs of colour – the lights from neighbours’ trees – peeked in through the small frosted window. Wendy unlocked the glass and gulped in the freezing air. 
Hugging the sweep of the street, the lights, some flashing in sequences, winked out all the way to where Lilybank Road met Redlands Avenue. Soon, thought Wendy, dozens of criss-crossing pine needle trails would begin appearing on the street. And every one of them would lead to the little concrete hut just beyond the bend.
She was right, Wendy. Each and every year, puffing neighbours would emerge from garden gates. They dragged the trees to the hut, and as they got closer to it, twelve or so lines halved, then halved again until eventually they combined to make just one thick green trail. The caterpillar Wendy called it. Then, stacked three-deep, the trees would begin piling up against the hut wall, just below the hilarious sign that promised trespassers a fatal shock and a £20 fine. Below also the ancient National Front graffiti that years ago Wendy’s mother had amended with red paint stolen from St Matthew’s. The hut itself? It had something to do with the electricity company. It hummed and clicked, and its blistered wooden door was kept shut by three huge padlocks at its top, middle and base. 
Wendy called the pile of trees Lilybank Forest and whenever she saw it, it always made her sad. It would be at its height, the forest, on January 7th: the day after Epiphany. Some neighbours got rid of their trees earlier of course: the 2nd of January, say. Boxing Day, even. But, reluctantly honouring tradition, most people kept them up until Twelfth Night. And some, attracting gossip and tutting, even beyond that. Then, until men from the council removed them, Wendy was free to snag her coat on the branches of dozens of dying pines. Their scent, across the first few hours of the forest, would reach her bedroom. But then, like a slowing heartbeat, the smell got thinner and weaker with each new day. 
Even after the trees were carted away, lengths of lamenta – silvery ribbon you draped on the branches and pretended was icicles – hung around until way past March. It caught the wind, you see, lamenta, then tangled on the barbed wire around the hut roof. And at No. 14, a bale of it, bought years ago from the Woolworths that once graced the high street, never seemed to reduce.
The girl leaned out a little further and watched her minty breath clouding against the streetlight. On the Spicerhill Echo’s website Wendy would check for lighting-up times. Then she’d watch from this very spot the lamps popping on. She’d click her fingers at the appointed hour too, in the hope of matching the sound to the moment the lamp lit. Then, ignoring the inevitable knocks from a bursting John or Michael, she’d count the seconds as the glow slowly strengthened and melted from red to orange. It no longer flickered now, that light opposite her house. And in a way, she kind of missed it.
Across at No. 23 a television set, even at this ungodly hour, flashed though a bent venetian blind slat. And over by No. 27 that huge black-brown Persian cat – Wilbur he was called – sauntered across the road, swishing the remaining half of what had once been a magnificent bottlebrush of a tail. He often popped in to other houses on the street, Wilbur. A six-dinner Sid, Wendy’s father had him marked down as. And when he swung, Wilbur, by No. 14, Mrs Darling would brush him as he lolled and rolled on the carpet. Then she’d send him home, polished like a conker, and full-up from specially bought biscuits. The kind whose adverts featured spoiled-looking cats in spoiled-looking kitchens. ‘I can’t think why he keeps visiting.’ Mrs Darling, with a completely straight face, would say.
Softly, Wendy called out ‘Wilbur.’ He froze for a moment, the cat, and stared. Then he carried on. 
Wendy closed the window. Then she crept back to the bedroom to fetch her nightdress. She was careful to avoid the creaking floorboard near the top of the stairs, but kicked, again, the basin by her bed. One of the boys – she couldn’t be sure which – stirred, turned, but quickly fell back asleep.
34. #1904
November & December 2014 

Via 2nd-Class post, and in a cocoon of bubble wrap, Hook’s still-ticking pocket watch had found its way to Moira’s desk. The inscription from Hook’s parents had nagged at Wendy and she hadn’t had the heart to keep the thing. 
That a watch whose tribute referred only to James had reached him in an envelope bearing his surname and office address was a fact that Hook was forced to explain away. So, on the spot, he fobbed off Moira’s queries with some rubbish about having sent the piece off for servicing and cleaning.
Hook had, of course, worked out that Wendy had masterminded his defeat. The truth is that when he and Jukes and Smee had prat-falled into the waxworks’ ticket booth, the unmistakable aroma of the girl’s Witching Hour perfume had merely confirmed what he knew to be true. 
Now, as he snapped open the lid of the watch, a tiny piece of paper fell from its face. Hook lifted the scrap from the floor. Then he saw the three words that Wendy had written upon it: Are you asleep? It was the solution to the riddle – Which question can a person never honestly answer yes to? – that Hook had posed on that final Friday. She’d solved the thing, Wendy, just a few days ago, and all without searching online for the answer. 
As he closed the watch in that swift, flashy movement of his, Hook had actually smiled at the girl’s daring. If one is to be defeated, he had thought, better to be outdone by a truly formidable foe.
Into the envelope had gone also the Epiphette’s marque badge. Peter had wrenched the thing from its bonnet on that last night in Neverland. ‘Catch’ he’d said as Wendy approached, and he’d lobbed it into the air. She almost kept it, Wendy, just as she’d almost hung onto the watch. But it would have troubled her. So back it went. At Devenny’s of Camberwell, Hook had had the thing reattached, unaware that that the badge’s elegant P, for Pepton, recalled also the name of his nemesis.
Despite Hook’s knowledge, no revenge ever reached Wendy. Perhaps he’d concluded that the game was up and best left alone. Or perhaps he assumed that the girl would retain, for security, the recording of himself, Jukes and Smee. 
In this assumption, Hook was correct; Wendy had had every intention of hanging on to the file. Shortly after the affair in the waxworks she had even attempted to make a back-up copy. But the operation had gone wrong. Far from duplicating the material, the process had instead deleted everything: the recording in question, as well as the photos Wendy had taken inside Neverland. Hook, though, had no way of knowing that, or of hearing, across London, the exotic expletives that had blasted from the girl’s bedroom that day. 
Whatever Hook’s thoughts, on the Thursday before Christmas, Pendulum Properties had been shaken by big news. And shortly afterwards, Mr Darling had sneaked out onto Charnelhouse Street to call his wife. 
‘Get this, Mary: Mr Hook has decided to retire. Apparently with immediate effect.’
‘That’s a weird one.’ Mrs Darling had said, ‘He’s not selling up, I hope?’
‘Nah. He’ll keep his hand in, I’m sure. But he’ll be a man of leisure from now on. Lucky bugger. Better go. More later.’ 
It was true. On that same Thursday afternoon, as the first proper snow of winter fell, Hook had cleared his office of the menagerie of ships, paintings and paraphernalia that had gathered across the years. 
From his canvas, Albert Hook – A Gentleman Born of the Ocean – had always, somewhat carelessly, faced out to the light. And now, with the picture wrapped in strong brown paper, a ghostly rectangle of unbleached wall had been revealed. But soon that legacy too would vanish beneath cornflower-blue emulsion
 Hook’s specially commissioned mosaic panel of a sea serpent, created in Ravenna and shipped to London, followed. His unplayed, unlearned accordion? That was boxed up alongside the Ninety-nine Sea Shanties songbook. Hook gently packed away the Cassandra, too, as well as his coat of arms. But even relegating that to a packing case did nothing to silence its motto, Ex mari victoria – From the sea, victory. From its spot beneath oceans of bubblewrap it continued to tease. 
As he filled more boxes, Hook was pleased to see that Moira, sitting quietly at her desk, was dabbing at her eyes with a tissue. She caught him staring, so to spare her any embarrassment he called out to her. 
‘Evil indeed is the man who has not one woman to mourn him.’
On hearing this, Moira had flapped her hands across her eyes – like people do in films – and choked out a reply. ‘The Hound of the Baskervilles?’
Hook, wrapping yet another ship, Witch of the Waves, in the previous day’s Business Daily, had nodded. ‘It was my favourite novel as a child.’
‘It’s still my favourite novel.’ sniffed Moira. 
Hook stopped for a moment and stood quite still. Then he spoke, and it was as if he was addressing a solitary patron in some cavernous old theatre. ‘When I was packed off to boarding school they sent in Shakespeare, like a bounty hunter, to knock it out of me.’ He shook his head, then carefully lowered the pink parcel into a chest, ‘As if the two couldn’t have shared the same space. They took Teddy Georgie too.’ And when Moira said nothing (yet asked for more), Hook went on. ‘My soft bear. I never saw him again.’
Speaking of his school had exhumed, for the first time that day, Tilly Taphouse. But just like he had all those years ago, Hook buried her. Things were bad enough without reliving that mistake right now. And besides, despite her daily visits, Hook had to concede that he had featured only briefly in the trajectory of Tilly’s life. He’d been more than a footnote – he awarded himself that at least – but did he pop up in her memory now and again? Did involuntary prompts – a phrase, maybe, or a smell or a book or a sound – present him to her for a moment or two? He doubted it. Once, he’d calculated that for around 42-million heartbeats he’d been a fixture. It sounded like a lot, but was actually just a year. And only across the summer had the thing really burned brightly.
From her desk, Moira watched Hook dismantling his working life for a few minutes more. Eventually, only the Conversator, that technical relic of his father’s, lay upon the desk. It had, Hook now realised, been substituting a photograph all along. 
Hook raised his arm. The intention was to sweep the thing, in one freeing swoop, into the bucket below. But in the end he stopped short and calmly unplugged its cables. As he did so, from the part of the machine on Moira’s desk was heard a static click. Its last breath. Then, permitted by the sound, Moira pulled its wire from the wall, causing little cable clips to pounce in formation onto the carpet. Peeling the cable away had revealed a skinny line of differently coloured paint; a message, thought Moira, from another era. And on the wire’s underside spots and specks of magnolia and lilac and yellow and peach dialled back further: three decades or more. 
Moira wrapped the wire around the machine’s body. Then, surprised at its weight, she brought it to Hook and, saying nothing, they packed both halves away, Hook allowing himself a wry smile at the parcel below his desk. The girl, Wendy, had brought it to his office on the last day of October. And it had sat at his feet since then. He knew, Hook, that inside the box was that brand new intercom Moira had persuaded him to buy. Wireless. Easy to set up. Loaded with functions. But he’d never even opened the package. And from where had Moira ordered the thing? JukeBox. With his foot, Hook pushed the parcel away to the furthest reaches of the desk until he could see it no longer.
What next? Across the way was the chess board: the arena in which Hook’s matches against Harrington from Planning were played out. 
It would be understandable, with all that was going on, for Hook to now brush the pieces from the board. But the game, he concluded, was afoot. It would be wrong to concede. To raise the white flag. Not the correct thing to do at all.
 Instead, Hook asked Moira to fetch a pad. Then, performing her final duty, she noted, in red ink, the positions of the pieces on the board and assured Hook that a copy would find Mr Harrington that afternoon.
 ‘ne5, cf8, qg8’ began Hook, sounding for all the world like a horrified dentist earmarking teeth destined for extraction. When he had finished, and had double-checked Moira’s notes – they were, as ever, accurate to a fault – Hook gently corralled the community of pawns, knights, rooks and the rest into their wooden box. 
Then, into a box was lowered Hook’s library of books: Phrase-a-day Latin. A Handbook to English Rain. 1001 Riddles. The Joy of Knots. A magnificent set of Encyclopaedia Britannica demanded that three more boxes be unflattened, then pulled and tucked into shape. And one more too for How to Build a Boat (or die trying), More Than Just a Statue in a Square: a New Biography of Nelson and Command Your Vessel: How to Succeed Like a Boardroom Pirate. 
Inside also went a cheap, but old, edition of Moby Dick. Hook opened the book knowing full-well that in the title page, below the publisher’s crest and a list of its office locations – London – New York – Sydney – New Delhi – he would find also the message From your sailor-girl Tx. Written, it had been, by Tilly, in 1979, and in pencil ‘So that when you’re married to someone else’, she’d said at the time, ‘you can rub me out.’ 
Soon it would reside, the book, in the shoebox in which Hook kept all of his Tilly souvenirs: postcards that, until they’d stopped arriving, had availed him of exotic holidays and plain-sounding weekends away. Christmas and birthday cards (only the former emerged now, and even then with just a signature beneath the factory-printed greeting). And photos of her – moody and English and angular – that really ought to have been cropped and tinted and used on book covers and LP sleeves. 
Why? Why did Hook insist on torturing himself with the pain of the past? Even now, in a brave new world of technology, she remained at his side via passwords and PINs constructed in code from her name or date of birth. 
Then, into Hook’s boxes were relocated his model buildings: the Taj Mahal, the Houses of Parliament, New York’s elegant Chrysler. And, whilst Moira fielded a call, plan #1904 followed, and then the two paper boats Peter had tormented him with. Like someone’s name residing, for years, above the whitewashed windows of a closed-down shop, they’d become mementoes, these three items, of failure. 
There had been a third boat, however it had been lost to the wind. And here is how: as Hook and Jukes and Smee had fled from Neverland, a curious orange flash had guided them to the Pepton Epiphette. Upon its bonnet a small fire was raging. This had been, of course, the work of the boy. He had vanished from the waxworks for a few moments and, when the men appeared, had laughed and pointed. Then he’d torn from the car its badge and taken a match to the last of the paper boats. 
It was, for Hook, the final indignity. Even the experts at Devenny’s of Camberwell could not remove the mark the boat had left. ‘We can probably get a new bonnet constructed, Mr Hook.’ Mr Frank Devenny had said, ‘But it’ll cost a packet. If it can be done. And it'd take a while too.’ 
‘It’s not the money.’ said Hook. And here he was being truthful. It really wasn't the cash. Or the waiting time. ‘It’s the authenticity I’d miss.’ 
Frank Devenny, despite the fact that he would lose out from Hook’s decision, respected it. ‘I was actually hoping you’d say that, Mr Hook.’ he’d said. ‘It’d be like attaching a nose to the Great Sphinx.’
Not to be outdone, Hook offered his own cultural analogies: 
Installing arms in the Venus de Milo. 
Finishing off Dickens’ The Mystery of Edwin Drood. 
Completing Schubert’s Symphony No. 8.
‘No. I shall retain the original feature, blemished as it is.’ 
A respray was attempted, of course, but the damn thing defeated even that. And so it was that Hook, each time he drove his beloved car, would be mocked by the scar of Peter’s triumph. 
Moving the books had revealed a bottle of Gale Force rum. It rested, as usual, inside the vacant slipcase of Buried Beneath the Brine: a Field Guide to the World’s Shipwrecks. A tot or two of Gale Force had often assisted Hook in tackling the working day. Moira had known about the bottles for years, and the pair referred to the drink as Mr Hook’s Little Helper. Now, into two of those doomed Meridian teacups Hook poured generous measures. He handed one to Moira. 
‘To your next voyage’, she said, ‘wherever it may take you.’ Then they chinked the cups together. 
‘I would attempt,’ said Hook, ‘to drown with this my sorrows. Alas, I fear they are excellent swimmers.’ Hook downed the lot in one gulp. Then he refilled his cup. ‘No. I would need, for that task, a sack, a rope and a lump of lead.’
‘Please don’t kill yourself.’ said Moira. It was typical of her to blurt something like that out, the way another person might say no black pepper for me, thanks. Hook shook his head. Then he poured out more rum for them both. 
‘No. It’s true that often you do think you’d really rather not have been bought a ticket for the raffle in the first place. But now that you have, well, I just feel you’re rather stuck with it and ought to see it out.’
Moira pretended to drink; at this rate she’s be under the desk before Mr Hook’s afternoon tea. Then she remembered: there would be no more Mr Hook’s afternoon tea. She swallowed the stuff in a oner, then asked for another.
A little later, the half-sober Hook reached for the Battleship game. He called Moira into his office and she realised, as he had too, that this traditional Christmas Eve challenge would now be sunk. So, a few days earlier than usual, and in silence, the game, with its vertical board and fleet of little wooden vessels, was assembled on Hook’s now-empty desk. Yet more rum was taken, and for twenty minutes a naval conflict quietly escalated, as fiddly red pegs torpedoed, at the call of a coordinate, submarines and cruisers, carriers and destroyers. 
The telephone had rung at one point and Moira, her head spinning, had automatically risen. Hook, though, had lifted a halting hand and after seven rings it had stopped. 
In the end, he emerged the winner, Hook. But the truth is that when he had called out ‘B 2’, Moira had carefully moved her sole surviving vessel – the Battleship itself – to that position on the grid. And then Hook, scenting blood, had finished her off. It ensured he could leave the office in at least a version of victory. This, the final battle, was then recorded in his ledger of results. And then a line was drawn, symbolically, below. 
At No.14, the news of Hook’s leaving had led to questions galore for Mr Darling: 
What would happen to the business? 
Would he have to take a pay cut? 
Would he, instead, lose his job completely? 
And things being what they are, would he struggle to find a new one? 
Wendy, for her part in the event, had felt bad for Mr Hook. But then she reminded herself of the true colours he’d shown in the waxworks. 
In short order, a Miss Ogilvy rose triumphant from the board meeting that followed Hook’s departure. And with her she brought new ways of doing things. Miss Ogilvy, eager for fresh thinking, had a keen eye for a sharp mind. So she was quick to spot Mr Darling’s creative wits and wasted no time in putting them to good use. He became an ideas man, Mr Darling, and as Pendulum Properties slowly changed from acquisition to restoration, his role changed with it. 

***

The removal man’s trolley, inadvisably laden with four of Hook’s boxes, squeaked its way to the goods lift. With Moira coordinating it all, Hook slipped downstairs to the Legal Department. It was lunchtime and he’d banked on the room being empty. There were, after all, just a handful of shopping days until Christmas and people always had things to do. But that new-start, someone or other’s cousin, milled around opposite the door. Arriving or leaving? wondered Hook. What a nuisance. For something to do he cocked his head at a fire extinguisher, crouched and gave its red metal shell a tap. But then the young woman’s phone rang: a signal, guessed Hook, that a friend was out on the street. They nodded to one another, Hook and the woman, as she made her way out. Had she heard the news of his departure? It was probably all over the building by now. 
Hook listened for the front door closing. Then quickly he entered the office. Through the blinds he saw the woman wave at someone across the road. Then he pulled at the bottom drawer of a filing cabinet. All the way out he tugged the thing, and then into the folder at the rear he filed a sheet of paper. Finally, he pushed the drawer shut and headed back upstairs. 
Inside that folder – one Hook hoped would remain unread – he had filed, on Property #1904, one of his notorious Red Notices. These were Hook’s little legal padlocks: the equivalent, really, of bagging the best armchair, or the biggest slice of cake. Hook had used Red Notices across the years to snag prime property either for associates like the Masons and Crichton Gore, or for himself. His home in Limehouse, for example: Hook had a Red Notice to thank for that. 
This time, though, Hook had made a grab for different reasons. You see, regarding his part of the deal, the council’s Mr Robert Mullins had demonstrated massive speed and efficiency. Even with that Smee as a buffer, the entire business with Hook and the fairground was tawdry and dangerous to Mullins. And he didn’t fancy having it hanging over him at Christmas-time. They were off to France and the slopes this year: Mullins, his family and his envelope. So he wanted the affair done and dusted. 
The sale therefore been bent and squeezed, by Mullins himself, through every stage of the planning process, and with conditions so airtight that untangling the thing would be practically impossible, if not actually impossible. And before November was out, the site had been quietly sold to Pendulum Properties. 
When Hook’s final Red Notice was filed on that last afternoon, it was written, by his now-healed right hand, in his favourite Tiger Lily ink. This full stop on his career read:
‘Notice is served that I, Jas. Hook, as a condition of my leaving my current active role in the company, in the name it currently trades under (Pendulum Properties), or in any name it may trade under in the future, am to hold sole rights for the development of Property #1904 (‘New Adventure Land’ on Old Valhalla Road, Spicerhill, London N23) in perpetuity.’
With everything Wendy knew about Hook’s scurrilous dealings, and his fear that she could reveal it all, this was, in sixty-three blood-red words, Neverland’s future secured. 
And that was how, after all of his scheming, his clandestine meet-ups, and his vivid dreams of power, Hook had succeeded only in buying a plot that he dared never develop or even sell on. 
In a funny way, Hook became Peter’s landlord that December day. And the curious #1904 remained filed among mundane matters, and in a mundane drawer.

35. It is Warmer Below
January – March 2015

Lilybank Forest had reached its peak. Locked in the bathroom, Wendy had watched the neighbours – and John and Michael – pulling trees to the hut around that curve in the road. Now only one Christmas tree remained. The one in the window of No. 11. And when they returned from Tenerife it too would supplement the forest. For the moment though, its lights, connected to a timer, pinged on at 6PM precisely. Then, alongside a table lamp, they were off again by ten. And always as the theme for the news begun. So precise was the automation that all it really did was confirm that the house was unoccupied. 
They didn’t shift, those trees, until well into mid-January. So tramped-in pine needles would be afflicting carpets and rugs for a week or longer. But as far as Wendy was concerned, that served everyone right. It was just the trees trying, bit-by-bit, to get back to front rooms. Back to overexcited children. Back to tinsel and baubles, and to foil-wrapped chocolate.
On Lilybank Road, Wendy scuffed at the greeny-brown trails and took in the great smell of pine. All along the pavement, like lopped-off limbs on a battlefield, lay broken branches. They reminded her of the waxworks’ floor. Looped, by golden twine, to one branch was a little wooden sled. Wendy unhooked the thing and pocketed it. 
The walk to Neverland was punctuated by the further dismantling of Christmas and New Year. On the Spicerhill High Street the shops had stripped their windows of coloured lights and spray-on snow. Instead, signs now trumpeted reductions on unbought treats: mulled wine powders, poinsettia wreathes and baskets of nuts.
On Llewelyn Crescent, huge pines had massed, just like Lilybank Forest, at a spot on the corner. Towards the top of the pile, a bit like a star, thought Wendy, a laminated notice had been fastened: Be assured that the council will uplift. Below the words were found a logo and half-a-dozen ways to contact LYCRA: the Llewelyn Crescent Residents’ Association. But on Old Valhalla Road, where Christmas barely encroached, only a puddle-dwelling Santa hat, the bobble on its crest flashing in defiance, acknowledged that the thing had ever even happened.
At the gap in the fence, Wendy’s scarf snagged on a metal splinter. With each move forward, more of it unwound until, safely through, she snapped the purple line and it disappeared in the wind. It was the afternoon of January 8th, a Thursday, and the date that Wendy had decreed the boy’s birthday. Surely, she thought, he’d be waiting for her. Surely he’d remember his own birthday? But Neverland was empty. 
The truth is that even if he had been sitting on the funhouse steps, or lazing in the galley, the boy would have been unaware of the date. Minutes and hours, days and weeks meant little to Peter. He kept a rough score of time by how light or dark it got, and for a calendar he relied on the seasons. 
Wendy had brought the boy a present: a dark-green t-shirt. The word POW! blasted from its centre in bold yellow letters. Snapped up from the cheapo rail at Foxtrot, it was proper 1970s vintage, its armpits bleached and hardened by American deodorant, its collar stretched and sagged by the grip, Wendy imagined, of a locker-room bully. Alongside the t-shirt, she’d brought him also a venus fly trap. They were on their way out, the plants, so Martin’s on the high street were selling them off for a song. 
That the boy was elsewhere wasn’t a massive surprise, and Wendy left the stuff on the pinball machine in the galley. Then she headed away, kicking, in frustration, a pebble. It zinged off the metal fence and scattered pigeons from the summit.
The following weeks trundled on in the same way: Wendy would pop in to Neverland, quickly scout around and, finding no one there, return to school or to No. 14. The presents remained untouched. Even the rats didn’t fancy chewing on foil wrapping. The plant? She’d swiftly taken that home so it wouldn’t die. There, John and Michael, fascinated, overfed it with kibbles from Nana’s dish, and crumbs of mince from the freezer. 
Company, you see, was not on Peter’s mind. Into the caves below Neverland the boy and his dog had gone. Into the caves to think and to fume, and to damn the mothers of all girls generally, and one in particular. 
At the tunnel, Peter had seen for himself how just one word – literally one word – from Mrs Darling had pulled the girl back. Back to her ordered world of pillows and parents, and the passing of exams. If only he’d acted more quickly Wendy would be at his side right now. Or up in the galley stirring a pot. The window, he knew, was now barred to him. And his chance had vanished. He kicked out at a lump of something and it shot through the cave. It was a bitter truth, but so far as the boy was concerned this Wendy had, in the end, chosen to be ordinary. Fine. It wasn’t, of course, fine at all. But for now he was content to pretend that it was. There would be plenty of time to mourn it all later. 
Above ground, as the girl padded around the rides and stalls, there came a point when she and Peter occupied almost exactly the same coordinates on earth. If only Wendy had known that for a second or two, on a Tuesday in February, just a few damp, mottled metres had lain between them. But even if she had been aware, and even if she’d found the entrance to the caves, her search would have been useless. It would have ended only in the girl never again emerging. 
Peter alone knew the trails and how to wrangle and survive them. He’d found them by accident, the caves, thanks to a hole in the earth. There, behind the bingo stall, at some point the ground had collapsed. And someone had lain planks of wood across the gash. Punching through the boards, down the slope the boy had gone, and on into a new world of rock and water and sounds and smells. Now, the rotten planks had been swapped with junk from the bins close by: a couple of metal panels from a helter-skelter and the slashed-up canvas roof from its ticket booth. With a rope, Peter had even devised a system for dragging, from inside the cave’s mouth, the panels across the hole. 
So for what remained of winter it would be there, below Neverland, that by day he would hide from the sun and by night, because it made him sad and angry, from the Wendybird. There, under the ground and in absolute blackness, he would march through narrow alleys of slimy stone, his face smeared with finger-swipes of soil, his hair blackened and tangled by clumps of earth. 
For the boy, navigating the caves’ trails and hollows, was a piece of cake. As he’d demonstrated to Wendy and to Hook, his tracking skills and sense of direction were exquisite. When he’d found, in the small office behind the Gargoyle, that London A-Z, it had become his obsession. He had learned from it of streets and roads, crescents and avenues. And when new routes and buildings, unmarked in those ancient pages, had presented themselves in reality, he’d simply steal, from stalls laden with postcards and mugs and t-shirts and hats, a new copy. Then, like an academic lost to research, he’d compare the pages of the new edition against its previous iteration. In this way Peter could, really, have stood tall against the Knowledge of the capital’s most studious Hackney drivers. 
So far as the tracking of Hook was concerned, Wendy had started Peter off with Charnelhouse Street. And that first clue, innocently given up, was all that the boy had required. From Hook’s office he had been following the man: to his home in Limehouse. To Pollet on the Spicerhill High Street. And, in Newham, to The Mermaid. Since he had crossed Peter’s path, Hook had made not one move of importance without the boy witnessing it. Hook had seen: the blur passing the pub window; the rag snagged on the garden willow; the larger of the alleyway bin sacks. But he had never observed. 
Now, below ground, Peter would call out for Hook to show himself. Often the boy would answer his own queries in Hook’s voice, his right hand bent and twisted in imitation of the man’s injury. Amid the echoes, they would toy with one another for a time, then Peter would lunge with his dagger and complete the job left unfinished in the waxworks. 
It was because of one of these lunges that the boy had discovered the Tube tunnel. His foot had stamped through a crack in the earth and he had fallen upon the tracks. Tink had howled for him from above, but when she heard Peter’s laugh bouncing around the walls, had leapt down to join him. 
For Peter, the track provided great sport. From a spot on the left he would watch silvery-blue carriages rattling back and forth along the Northern line. As they whipped past him, he’d try and read their destinations: Kennington he thought some of them read. Others – those headed further south – were marked Morden and, in the opposing tunnel, above the drivers’ cabs, were illuminated signs for Edgware and High Barnet. Wherever they were destined, thought Peter, these trains would all have passed through Spicerhill station. How many times would Wendy, probably with that mother of hers, unknowingly zip by him?
At the side of the tracks Peter had found a torch, its body now eaten away by battery acid and rust. The boy had tried its switch a few times and as it gave way and popped from the casing and into the air, the bulb caught it in a reedy light before it too died. 
Peter was glad; light made things too easy. It was far more exciting to be guided by his senses: by smells of gas and sulphur and dampness. Sounds, too, kept him sharp and alert: the scuttles and squeaks of things scurrying close by, and the unbeaten trickle of the River Brittle, one of London’s lost waterways. 
Caught in what remained of its stream, the Brittle delivered to Peter reminders of the world above him: crisp packets; drink cans; cursed-at scratchcards and so many cigarette-ends. Like shoals of little brown bullets, nothing, it seemed, could break these down or destroy them. Half-finished burgers too, imprisoned in polystyrene boxes and chomped into a crescent moon. Sometimes when these bobbed on by, the boy would snag them for a meal that, thanks to the absence of time, no dictionary held a word for. 
All of these markers would help Peter define below-ground boundaries. Down in the caves it was a bit like a whole new district of London had accidently emerged. And for Peter, when he happened upon the abandoned Brittlefield station, one day it actually did. In truth, it had been an easy discovery: simply a case of leaping across a barricade and walking through a connecting tunnel.
Of Brittlefield’s closure, the official story had been that the station was underused. Too expensive to maintain. That may well have been the case for the station at Charlotte Park; it had been wound down at the same time. But when it came to Brittlefield, most locals, even now, knew better. They knew well that it was the inordinate amount of suicides at the station that had caused it to close. You see, as trains zoomed in to Brittlefield station, they would do so via an unusually acute bend in the track. This meant that those leaping onto the rails could do so just seconds prior to the train emerging. The subsequent theory was that this left drivers no opportunity whatsoever to react. And so it was that in station canteens and ticketing offices, Brittlefield was darkly referred to as the end of the line: the last stop for the lonely, the soon-to-be jailed, the bankrupt and the broken-hearted. 
And it was a closure that, handed from generation to generation, still irritated the natives of Brittlefield. They resented the walk to the stops at Pentwood North or up the slope to Spicerhill, and they had done since the winter of 1961. Because by then the train company had had enough:
‘Sorry to disturb.’ said Trevor Penman. 
Having knocked upon the door of Mr Roger Crome, Penman stood half-hidden at the entrance, neither in nor out of the office. Glancing up from a pile of documents, Crome beckoned the other man inside. Then, when the senior of the two continued poring over the paperwork and saying nothing, his junior was forced to speak.
‘That’s another one, sir.’
‘Another what?’ said Crome. And even though the office was a private one, Penman still felt it necessary to gently close the door and speak with caution.
‘Another one. At Brittlefield.’
Crome closed tight his eyes. Then he removed, for a moment, his glasses. 
‘Oh for heaven’s sake. How many is that?’
‘This year?’ said Penman. 
Crome flicked his glasses back on, lit a cigarette and nodded. 
‘Six.’
‘Including this latest one?’
‘Seven. Sorry.’
‘The press?’
Penman nodded.
‘How is the driver?’
‘Devastated. They always are.’ Penman handed Crome a slip of paper. ‘His details.’
Crome glanced at the thing. It looked not unlike the delivery dockets he often signed off. Then Penman watched as his superior rose, then turned and faced into the large Underground map pinned behind his desk. He traced, Crome, the Northern line with his finger, and when the digit passed across Pentwood North it ascended for a moment, skipped the station in question, then returned to Spicerhill. Crome repeated this ceremony again and again, jutting his finger back and forth in imitation of a train’s motion. On the final trip he even provided a soft little chugging sound effect. Then he drew back his head and blew high into the air a plume of bluey smoke. Next, without turning around, he said ‘Send Cecily in on the way out, will you?’
‘Cecily moved on. To the buses. Remember? We had drinks at The Cat and Candle. On the longest day.’
‘Of course we did.’ Crome returned to his seat. ‘Then send… it’s no use, I can’t remember. What’s the new girl called?’
‘Emma.’
‘Emma, Emma, Emma, Emma.’ said Crome quietly. ‘Like the Charlotte Brontë book.’
‘Jane Austen,’ said Penman. Then, to cushion the blow he said ‘I think.’
‘Jane. Austen.’ said Crome, and he scribbled the name on a pad. ‘Of course, now I’ll probably end up calling Cecily Jane.’
‘Emma.’ said Penman, as gently as he could. ‘Call Emma Jane.’ 
‘Emma.’ said Crome. And to be sure, he scored a line through Jane Austen and wrote Emma in large block letters. He ushered Penman out. Then he welcomed Emma in. And so began a demolition.
Following Crome’s successful dismantling of the station, the site had been rented, of course, to a succession of businesses: florists and tailors, pubs and grocers. But such was the local ire that no enterprise survived longer than a few months. So the thing was sold – to the rising Pendulum Properties of Hook’s father – and flats and furniture replaced trains and tracks. But the bitterness ran deep, and for a long time those who bought the homes were snubbed by the locals and referred to as squatters.
Like the open lie about the station’s closure, Underground staff passed also from colleague to colleague embellished tales of those who had perished beneath the train. It wasn’t sufficient, it seemed, that they’d merely leapt. Dubious decoration had to be added:
Dressed like Alice from that cartoon she was 
A poem, one of them was reading – right there on the tracks
Holding a cat, this one was – but it dived onto the platform and scarpered
They’d also been collected, these unfortunates, under the heading The Brittlefield Jumpers. And when, some years later, Punk happened, some local lads had used the shorthand for their band name, releasing, on their burglary-funded Pelican Crossing label, the solitary seven-inch single Last Train to Morden b/w England is Finished.
Even now, more than fifty years later, these tales and more were regularly unpacked during work nights out, after-shift drinks and Christmas parties. Parking the guilt that accompanied gossip about tragedy, the stories of haunted tracks, haunted tunnels and, ultimately, haunted people scared and impressed new-starts and romantic targets. The more imaginative of these co-workers even swore that sometimes, despite the looping diversion line – Crome’s Curve they named it – that spirited trains around the locked-up station, on gloomy nightshifts Brittlefield would present itself again. Then, as the carriages rattled on by, upon the platform would be waiting the dozens of people who, across the years, had thrown themselves into the bend. And one by one they’d dive, once more, upon the tracks. But if an older worker heard these legends being recounted, or if a child of an affected driver caught wind of it, quarrels and fights would break out.  
Now, in the ultimate insult, Peter had renamed the station entirely. With paint pinched from JukeBox he cancelled out Brittlefield and upon the station walls slapped instead Peterton in huge green letters. 
The whole notion of being underground had amused Peter across the autumn and winter. But soon the boy became too familiar with his new surroundings. Things down there were stagnant, and it began to annoy him. On the tunnel walls, the numbers and letters – codes and instructions once chalked, like hieroglyphics, by maintenance workers – never changed. And out on the loop line, the carriages never crashed. Even the drips of moisture fell in regular, monotonous rhythms. But when he tried to lose himself, in Aldgate East or Dagenham Heathway, across the Thames in Vauxhall, or as far north as Archway, the boy would find that somehow the lines returned him to the caves beneath Neverland. And back, always, to Peterton: London’s loneliest district. 
With Peter underground for that winter, Wendy’s visits lessened. By late February they stopped completely, and it would be spring before she’d return once more to Neverland.

36. The Battles of Charlotte Park
April 2015 and beyond

For Wendy, the parting with Peter had been too blunt. 
It felt like he’d slammed the phone down mid-sentence. Bagged the last word. And recently it had begun annoying her. So she made a deal with herself. One more visit. If only to give the boy a lesson in manners. So for the first time in a couple of months, through the gap went Wendy. Then she headed for the carousel. There she hoisted herself onto a figure: a rabbit, its painted-on check coat accommodating a snowball of a tail. It was a deliberate act, sitting right here. Of all the carousel’s figures, this was the one located most directly opposite the Gargoyle. If Peter was snooping, he couldn’t fail to see her. Then, Wendy reckoned, he’d scurry down and start the ride up. For a show-off like the boy, it would be irresistible. And even if she didn’t see him there and then, she’d at least know he was around. So there Wendy sat, glancing now and again at the ship, a hand clamped to the figure’s remaining ear in advance of the lights and the music and the shunt. 
It didn’t happen, though, and after a couple of minutes Wendy gave it up. She crossed the ride, weaving through the remaining upright animals and stepping over those that had fallen. At some point, a couple more slats had tumbled from the carousel’s roof. They’d knocked Guinevere, that tiger of Wendy’s sideways. Held in place by a half-snapped pole, she lay suspended, Guinevere, just inches from the ride’s base. Soon, thought Wendy, her bulk would win the day and she would slide, just like that lion up ahead had slid, onto the boards. She moved on.
Over by the Penny Palace, Wendy halted at a tangle of bones and feathers, and the small cloud of flies that pulsed above it. She didn’t know it, but she shared with Peter a fascination for how living things fitted together and operated. She studied the carcass for a short while, then moved on through the machines. Past The Golden Grabber. Past also the Mystical Madame Paulina. Beside the Hammer of Hercules lay that great wooden mallet she’d dragged in. It felt like ages ago, all this, but wasn’t even close to a year. 
Out the other side, she checked around the Divebomber and the teacups, and even peeked into the Tunnel of Love and the waxworks. Of the boy, though, there was no sign. 
In a way, thought Wendy, it was OK that Peter wasn’t around. If she was honest, she’d not really expected him to be. The truth is the whole thing was ending at the right time. Her mother had been right: all of this sneaking around wasn’t at all the thing to be doing. She had school to think about. Maybe more shifts at Foxtrot, too. She’d done a stint at Christmas. It was the Easter holidays right now and if that worked out she might be asked back for the summer again. And besides, Peter wasn’t exactly showing her much interest.
Who knows, she thought, perhaps the entire thing had been one big prank. Perhaps the boy returned to a home each night, and to a mum and dad and brothers like her own. Or maybe he was an actor. Maybe everyone – Hook, Moira, her parents even – were in on the whole affair and she’d end up on TV, humiliated on one of those hidden-camera shows. But then she recalled everything that had actually happened last autumn. Stage-managing those events for bursts of canned laughter? Not very likely. Her theories, she conceded, were nonsense. 
Wendy’s final act then was to leave a note in the galley. It asked Peter to look after himself and Tink, and to give the cherry tree a shake if ever he wanted to see her. Mrs Darling, of course, would not have approved of that final request, but it was important to Wendy that the boy knew he could reach out to her. Now, as she headed to the gap in the fence, it would be typical, thought Wendy, of Peter to be sat, unimpressed, on Lancelot the carousel lion, or to be loafing on the steps of the funhouse. Typical of him to complicate everything. 
But she needn’t have bothered. The boy had disappeared. And that was that. 
For a while afterwards, the girl worried that Hook, or more likely someone in his pay, had come back for Peter. Grabbed him. Gotten rid of him for good. But Hook’s belief that Wendy’s recording remained intact made such a move impossible. Besides, the boy was too cunning to be captured, especially right now, when his guard would be up and at its sharpest. No, thought Wendy, Peter was quite safe. And undoubtedly quite close. Probably, she correctly guessed, sulking in those caves of his. 

***

When the boy at last surfaced, it was in late spring. In the galley, next to bitten paper bags and decomposing scraps, he’d found the girl’s note and read of it what he could. The LeapYear she’d drizzled on the paper had kept the rats at bay and when Peter had opened the envelope the scent coloured the air. The words she’d written down? He snorted a dismissive laugh at those. Her idea of visiting him at weekends or on bank holidays – like a jailed shoplifter, or someone’s ailing aunt Mabel – that had never been his plan. For Peter, it had always been all or nothing. And if it had to be nothing then so be it.
Had someone been there to witness it, Peter would have crumpled the note into a ball and swallowed it. He’d have thrown it overboard or, folding it into a plane, launched it from the crow’s nest. Anything to make a point. But he was alone. So instead he lashed it, with frayed shoelaces, to the ship’s mainmast. Made it a prisoner. Next, he headed to the funhouse and pulled his knife from between the eyes of that clown the girl had bullseyed. Such had been the velocity of her throw that it took the boy a couple of tugs to remove the thing. This made him even more determined to skewer her note. And to throw the knife twice as hard. This he did. But from the mainmast, the breeze pushed the note’s reek – the ghost of Wendy Darling, really – around the Gargoyle. Quickly, the aroma that wafted around the ship became a tormentor. An invisible enemy. And an undefeatable one. Another Wendy Darling souvenir, just like the girl’s long chestnutty hairs. 
Peter would find them, Wendy’s hairs, collected in corners and coiled like a bird nest. Either that or snagged and fluttering on the rigging. So, whenever he happened upon them, inside an old tin of pastilles they went. And when eventually he’d gathered enough, he twisted them into a human figure. This he burned in a solemn ceremony: concentrating the spring sun via a monocle rescued from the deep concrete well beneath the Divebomber. Submerged in the rusty water he’d discovered the thing alongside hatpins and spectacles, cigarette cases and a child’s shoe. 
Burning in effigy was one way of banishing the girl from the decks. But a smell? That was a different story. It’s not as if he could make it walk the plank. And, as he’d proven, unstabbable it was too, by either his knife or any dagger he might whittle from the spinney.
So into a drawer the note and its stench went. And inside a drawer it remained, never again to be unlocked; never again to allow the girl back upon the deck. It felt more satisfying to Peter than simply setting the thing alight. And when, soon after, yet more of Wendy’s hairs presented themselves, this time the monocle remained clamped across Peter’s right eye. This time, the boy fashioned a clutch of the girl’s hairs into one robust length. Then he looped it through the drawer’s key and knotted the entire affair around his neck.
But even Peter, obstinate as he was, couldn’t ignore the foil birthday parcel that had waited for him since January. And when he finally unwrapped it, the shirt actually made him smile. Pow!, he thought. It sounds just like something exploding.
Despite all of this locking-away and sweeping-aside of the girl, the Wendybird, as if suspended on invisible wires, blinked above Neverland like an evil eye. It stopped the boy from sleeping and even blasted through the roller-blind contraption above his hammock. If he absolutely had to suffer it, Peter thought, he could at least call it something else. The Firefly no longer worked. Every time he tried to use it, it was nowhere to be found. So all across that summer, the boy would try new names out on Tink. The Light of London. The Spangle. The Skylight. But it was no use. The Wendybird would always creep back into his mouth and catch him out. The Wendybird it was. The Wendybird it would stay. 
Then, in late summer, the boy had an idea. The star, for the moment, wouldn’t move. But he certainly could. So to the hammock he marched. And when the knots in its cords proved impossible to unpick, he pulled the knife from the mainmast and instead cut its strings away. New ropes would be needed, though, to splay the thing across the galley. 
Finding nothing in the storerooms behind the Gargoyle, the boy instead walked the track of the ghost train. And when the two nooses he was after presented themselves he leapt from the dipping rails, swiped them both and headed back to the ship. With a bit of fiddling around, Peter attached the ropes to the hammock. Next, he tied one noose to the stove’s fat chimney pipe. Then, stretching the hammock tight, he punched a couple of holes in the opposing timber wall and threaded the other length through. And from that moment onwards he slept mainly in the galley. 
But the boy continued trying to scrub the star from the sky.
 Night after night, armed with party poppers pinched from the corner store on Lisbon Street, he would take careful aim and, from the crow’s nest, fire at the thing. Then Tink would watch the rain of paper ribbons descending, and she’d snap at them as they neared the deck. 
Sometimes on nights like these Peter’s mood would darken further and he’d take useless pot-shots also at the aeroplanes bringing people to and from the city. During these attacks the bitterest part of the boy longed to watch the town dismantle itself. London, he’d once been told, had been built on clay, and he’d have laughed out loud to see its fancy new office buildings sinking into sludge. Those thousands of cars and lorries? For all he cared they could crash and crumple. If cemeteries were to spew out their dead that was fine too. And if the town’s bridges snapped – and if that brown river they spanned began to boil – then so be it. 
The city, after all, hated him back: on one night each year it taunted him, from Charlotte Park, with explosions and fire. He wasn’t sure when exactly it all happened, but it was always around the time the leaves fell from all of the outside trees. But it was before the inside trees, the ones with odd bright fruits, sprouted inside people’s front rooms. 
On these nights of conflict, without fail, birds of every shape and size would begin descending upon the Gargoyle. Sheltering from the chaos, they would roost, until morning, on the base of the rigging and Peter, the next day, would pluck their feathers from the deck and wear them in his hair. The caves too filled with strays. Cats and dogs – allies for one night – gathered alongside Tink and the Neverland foxes, the mice and the rats. 
They always begun, these Battles of Charlotte Park, with shrill whistling sounds and ferocious bangs. These were Peter’s cues to carry Tink, in her dresser drawer, into the caves. Then he’d climb the Gargoyle’s ropes. And from the crow’s nest he would watch as flames and sparks and flashes and blasts began mocking him from the centre of the park. Supplementing these attacks were back-up units. These were stationed in gardens and commons and in the middle of those strange, oblong patches of red earth. Each of these were painted with symbols and bookended by white wooden frames and nets: traps that the boy would be burning down in the days to come. 
Through his telescope, Peter would home-in on these fortifications circling Spicerhill and Brittlefield. He’d watch families – all torches and toffee-apples – thrilled by the prospect of knocking his block off. He’d see knots of children too. Chomping on treacle toffee, in gloved hands they held sticks that fizzed and sparkled. And swishing the sticks around they would spell out words in the smoky air:
J-A-C-K 
A-R-S-E-N-A-L
S-U-S-A-N 
S-P-U-R-S-F-O-R-T-H-E-L-E-A-G-U-E
But when the grown-ups became distracted – messing around with flasks or baked potatoes, or lighting more gadgets to tease him with – the boy was sure that the children’s messages changed: 
P-E-T-E-R-B-E-C-A-R-E-F-U-L
A-D-U-L-T-S-A-T-T-A-C-K-I-N-G
B-E-P-R-E-P-A-R-E-D
D-E-F-E-N-D-Y-O-U-R-P-O-S-I-T-I-O-N
On their trees and washing-line poles little wheels spun and sparked. And from weird cardboard tubes, half-buried in the earth, balls of green and blue and red putted out, each small globe reaching higher than the last. Into the sky whistled tiny rockets too, but they never got close to the crow’s nest. 
These smaller units would then be called to join the huge show of strength in Charlotte Park. Peter watched them, the children and their adult commanders, filing in and swelling the ranks. Would that Wendy be there? That Wendy and her family? He couldn’t spot them, but perhaps they were far behind the lines. Perhaps they were holed up in some pill box in Pentwood or somewhere, and receiving dispatches from the front. 
Peter, ready with a cricket bat acquired from the clubhouse down the road, begged the screaming air bombs and rockets to try and direct-hit him. Then he could whack them straight back. Back to Wendy. Back to her mother. Back even to Hook and his henchmen, wherever they were hiding tonight. They were poor shots though, these soldiers. Over the years their missiles had never once troubled the Gargoyle. And tonight would be no exception.
Always, near the statue of someone on a horse, a fire would be raging. Then, spurred on by a circling crowd, a couple of the troops would carry a dummy towards it. Then it would be thrown upon the flames and everyone would cheer. It will always be a dummy, thought Peter, for they won’t ever catch the real me. I’m far too clever. Far too fast.
On these nights, the boy would also watch, curious, the big red trucks that scooted across the city. He tracked their flashing lights and listened, too, to the strange wailing sounds they made. Sometimes a convoy of smaller trucks – white vans really – would follow on, topped by the same blue lights as the red units. They carried, thought Peter, important people from the authorities. Elite soldiers, perhaps. Politicians. Kings and queens. Maybe even Wendy and her mother. Whoever they were, they were on their way, the boy reckoned, to some grand mission room. And there they’d be told that no, the boy had once more repelled them all. And that yes, they would do it all again this time next year. 
Finally, as the biggest rockets of all screeched into the air, Peter with flailing arms, conducted the explosions and urged the missiles to blast the Wendybird into a million pieces. But they never did. 
Applause always signalled the ending of the battle. And as the troops trudged away, the boy slid down the ropes and headed to the caves, to the exiting animals, and to Tink. 
He welcomed the fight and was sad that for another year it was all over.

37. A Letter Never Sent
2019 

Peter, despite all of his bravado, despite his incarcerating of notes, his crafting with hair and his renaming of stars, remained bewitched by the girl. It was a curse. And when it imposed itself, the curse, it did so in dreams. On these nights, the boy would wake, zip up the rigging, and from the crow’s nest look out towards Wendy’s window. But he was far too stubborn to even think about shining the light. And even if he had, would it have snared the girl the way it once had?
Perhaps not. 
Wendy, you see, was growing up. But more than that, she was growing away. It was true that for a year or so, every window-tap from the cherry tree had commanded her attention. But it had always been the branches and never the boy. And now, with each exam, each Halloween and Christmas, the distance between herself and Neverland had lengthened. She had fought hard, Wendy, against this thinning of her memories. But time had fought her right back, fought her even harder, until one day she realised she hadn’t thought about Peter or Tink or Neverland for ages. She’d even stopped looking out across the rooftops.
For Peter, though, none of that mattered. The girl remained a regular, but unreachable, visitor. It was maddening. Tired, he’d become, of her gate-crashing his dreams. Tired of suffering her stowaway presence. There had to be a way to stop it all. A way to expel the visions for good. And one morning, the boy reckoned he’d discovered it. From his hammock, he’d been following the progress of a fly. It had hopped from the vat of jam to the pinball machine and back again, before resting on the window at the rear of the galley. And it was there upon the glass that Peter spied it. A symbol. Drawn across the dust on the pane. Sunlight was bursting through the pattern and had made it, for the first time, visible to the boy. A talisman it was, concluded Peter. An evil eye that the girl, years ago now, had created to torment him. 
He leapt onto the deck and was quickly at the thing. Then through the heart-shaped jinx went Peter’s fist. And as if breathing their last, the glass shards flashed like beacons in that oracle of a sun before resting in the moat. 
But still the Wendy dreams – all prams and cots and clocks and kisses – persisted. Pulling the left-behind spikes of glass from the frame had changed nothing. Same with grinding, underfoot, those pieces in the moat. Peter had even kettled the pile of sherbety fragments into a handkerchief then flung them, miles from Neverland, to the wind, and to the Thames. And when he saw, soon after, the star the girl had carved inside the tannin-caked teacup, he snatched at the thing. And then he launched it from the crow’s nest. But watching it spin in the air, then hearing it explode beyond the fence, made no difference. And nor did evicting, via the same method, that book of hers. The Secret Garden had flown for a couple of seconds, its pages obligingly splaying in the air like wings, prior to plummeting as if taken out by a silent shooter.
If banishing the hexes hadn’t worked, neither had ripping the cables from the Tunnel of Love. OK, it would never again function, never again play that stupid song of hers, but still the dreams insisted. Peter thought he’d cracked it when he stopped winding that watch Wendy had given him, but that didn’t do the job either. And neither did smashing its face with a rusted spar kicked away from beneath the Divebomber. So, out of ideas, he scooped up the thing and flung it into the scummy, stagnant well below the track. And then he barred the gap in the fence; a blunt move that, unsurprisingly brought the boy no respite either. And nor did blinding his eyes with knotted rags or stuffing his ears with moss scraped out from the walls of the moat. 
One afternoon, though, as Peter searched the shooting range for usable pellets, the little brass key finally worked itself free from that wiry lace of Wendy’s hairs. Immediately, it felt strange to be free of these articles; to no longer contend with that itch on his skin, or to feel the constant bashing of the key upon his chest. At some point the thread had lost its deep-brown shade and Peter wondered for a moment if the silvery grey that had replaced it was also the colour of the girl’s hair now. Pushing Tink aside, the boy grabbed the key from the shallows of spent lead.
Amid windows and watches, blindfolds and moss, Peter had forgotten all about the note locked up in the Gargoyle. But now that the key was in his hand, he remembered alright.
Curses upon glass and porcelain? The insistent ticks of a watch? They were nothing. Annoyances, at best. Inside the drawer. That’s where were the real talisman resided. Concocted, it had been, by Wendy and, most probably, her mother. Concocted, via a midnight ritual of sacrifices and chanting, to drive him insane. That the incantation upon the paper hadn’t finished him off was probably, he concluded, because he hadn’t been able to read the words entirely. But even so, some of their power had been seeping, for years, through the cabinet. Rotting the wood. Rusting the lock. Finding gaps. Then leaching into his dreams. It had to go. He sprinted to the ship. And there the key and its cord met the drawer. 
Pulling the note towards him, Peter held his nose against the scent releasing across the Gargoyle. Then he counted as high as he could. Counted so that the stench might leave the paper and render it less powerful. And when he ran out of numbers, the boy turned instead to words: 
Tink. Sleep. Parachutes. Daggers. Foxes. Clocks. Wend… 
But he stopped just in time. Stopped before the girl invaded even this ritual. Next, with one hand still clamped across his nose, and using only the tips of his fingers, Peter folded the paper in half. And he made damn sure to read not a single word upon the page.
How to get rid of the thing, though? He could, thought Peter, whittle a fire up in no time. Or he could pluck the monocle from his eye: the sun, after all, had helped him discover that symbol in the window. It seemed right that it should cast out this other curse too. But no. He’d rather make a statement. He’d send it straight back to the girl. More than that: he’d send it back ripped into a thousand pieces. Talk about breaking the spell.
Now, in the tiny office behind the Gargoyle, the boy stood before a desk and piled several huge telephone directories upon the curse. Then, satisfied that, pinned beneath so many names and streets and postcodes, he’d made it safe, he searched the room for an envelope. There was nothing, though, in the cabinet from where he’d yanked, some years ago, the little wheels. Nothing either in the huge wall of metal shelves. Beneath the weight of dozens of folders these had buckled into v-shapes, and now the files lay scattered and spread-eagled on the floor. Next to these stood a stout safe, its slab of an iron door wide open. Although muscular and uncompromising, it had taken the boy just minutes to defeat its combination. The little stacks of paper inside? In red and blue and green? They’d helped start fires across the winters. The cloth bags of coins? They’d added ballast to his glassbombs. 
On another desk, its surface thick with dust, a typewriter had lain silent for decades. A sheet of paper, its edges nibbled by vermin, was loaded into the thing: an Olympia, its textured metal body painted in so muted a green it would have passed for grey. Next to this, in a tray marked OUT, a letter. Peter picked it up and read, as best as he could, the words that had been left in limbo. ...apologise for the late payment of this account......oversight on our part... ...please find enclosed our cheque for the balance... Yours faithfully, Tiffany Mills... Beside the tray sat the cheque in question, and an envelope addressed to Silvertown Sugars.
Half-tucked below the desk was an office chair. Peter wheeled it back and took a seat. Then he tapped one of the typewriter’s keys and slowly, stiffly, a metal bar rose in an arc. Reacting, the letter W struck a ribbon of red and black and, as if it were a huge chore, the bar receded and gradually returned to its place in the jumbled alphabet. 
He saw, Peter, that the type hammer had stamped a faint, inkless indentation below the sender’s name. So he pinged another key. Then another. Although the levers rose reluctantly, with every stroke the machine’s heavy carriage dutifully jutted to the left. Then a bell tinged: the signal for the typist to return the carriage and begin a new line. On hearing the sound, Tink looked up. But then she settled back down in her spot beneath an umbrella stand. Peter quickly worked out how to slap the carriage back rightwards and for a minute or so he bashed at the keys like a drunken pianist. For Tink, the bell was already old news though, and it no longer held any interest at all. 
Soon the boy too grew tired of the thing and with both hands yanked at the drawers on his left and right. Stubborn, they stayed put though, and caused Peter and his chair to roll forward. But then he doubled his effort and in unwilling increments they shunted, the drawers, from within the desk. Stretching back, he finally pulled them clean away so that they swung downwards and tipped onto the floor bulldog clips and drawing pins, rubber stamps and pencils, and – like the world’s most mundane holy grail – a solitary envelope. Curled-up now, and rippled with damp, it would just about do the job. 
He rose, Peter, and saw that above a cabinet, a wall calendar hung from a loop. Below a drawing of a castle, in a fancy typeface: A gift from the ‘B’-line Drinking Straws Company of Rainhill, Merseyside. Peter’s eyes hopped around the days of the month: October 1959. In three different colours and six styles of handwriting each scrawled-in box began a story: 
Tuesday 6th – Carry On Teacher, 6.15 at the Emperor – names to Miss Mills 
Wednesday 14th – Miss Spencer is in Hove (Mr Ash will cover AM; Miss Mills PM)
Monday 19th – Cecil Benson (dodgems spares)
Friday 23rd – Payroll 
Sunday 25th – Season-end. Franco – general servicing/safety reports 
Friday 30th – Receiving parts for Parachutes and Divebomber
Close by, Peter noticed a rectangle of eggshell paint, a little less grimy than the rest of the wall. Something, at some point, had been fixed in that spot and, sure enough, on the floor, the boy saw that a postcard had fallen. In the sky, above a pool of water flanked by red and orange trees, was written Ullswater and English Lake-Land. Peter flipped the drawing over and read, in his own way, the greeting: 
Dear Mr Ash, It is very fine here in the autumn. Do tell Barbara that Meg and I saw a water vole on Thursday (although M insists it was an otter). Will see you all (too?) soon! Tiff. 
Peter pinned the postcard back on the wall. Then he grabbed from the cabinet a box filled with rolls of tickets. Tightly wound, these would have been fed into the dispensing machines found inside the ticket booths. Printed on each perforated section: ADMIT ONE. Below this, on the red tickets: ADULT. On the yellow tickets: CHILD. The boy tipped the rolls out and, as if peeling back sticky tape, he tugged at the strips and in an act of celebration began flinging them across the office. In mid-air, they quickly unravelled and soon, like streamers, the lengths of paper were criss-crossing the room. There, they either settled across desks and chairs, or snagged on hatstands and hooks. Like jet trails, or shrapnel suspended in time, the strips hung also from lightshades, then sank in sullen ribbons towards the corners. 
Finally, when the boy had exhausted every last roll, he waded through the mess, his legs dragging the bunting so that it either tore in half or pulled bits and bobs from shelves and cabinets. Then Peter sat at the desk, its lid bent and bowed by time. Next, with a rag fastened across his mouth and nose, and with both eyes tightly closed, he lifted, one-by-one, those directories – doorstops, all – and at last ripped, into confetti, the reeking curse of Wendy Darling. His hands circling the desk’s surface, he swept, as best he could, the pile of scraps into the envelope. Then, when he dared to open one eye and peek through his monocle, he was careful to retrieve the half-dozen or so rogue scraps from the floor. Not a trace of the hex was to remain. 
Satisfied, the boy moistened the envelope’s gummed flap, removing as he did, the dust and fluff residing across its strip. But it refused to seal, so Peter bolstered it with ribbons of sticky tape that, although yellowed and almost out of tack, just about did the job. Then into the postbox at the corner of Old Valhalla Road and Lisbon Street went the curse. A gallery of scarred, rain-defeated stickers – Comics are for kids: don’t buy The Sun; Spicerhill Tattoo Studio; Make £££ online! – obscured the collection times, but the small, square day plate read TUE. Had he known what day it was, this would have assured the boy he hadn’t missed the last pick-up. The exorcism, then, was complete. And the boy had fooled himself. And from that day forward, for a time at least, he dreamed mainly of other things.
Despite all of Peter’s best efforts, however, the girl was spared the pain of actually receiving the package. The boy, not knowing any better, had written just Wendy on the envelope. So, undeliverable – and also unstamped – it found its way only to a dead letter office. And there it sat, in a pigeonhole, amid many fellow items of similarly doomed mail.
Just as he assumed the little chain of trinkets remained on Wendy’s wrist, Peter longed to carry about him the watch the girl had snagged from The Golden Grabber. It had never, after all, actually been the culprit. And as he rather liked to wear it, why not put it back together? 
So he returned, the boy, to the Divebomber. And there, by that malodorous concrete well beneath its track, he poked a leg between the coaster’s spars. Then, clamped to supports that bent and groaned with the tension, Peter plunged his arms, shoulder-deep into the foul water, gathering first a lipstick, then a flick knife and then, eventually, the watch he actually wanted. And later that day, his face lipstick-streaked like that tomahawk-wielding Indian in the shooting gallery, he reassembled the watch as best he could. The flick knife, though, was rusted solid, so back it went. And for good measure, the brass key, along with that kite tail of the girl’s hairs, was removed from the drawer and dropped also into the well. There, the lace of hair separated from the key and for a few moments basked on the surface before sinking to the base. 
As for the watch itself, it didn’t run properly again of course. The putrid water had poisoned its organs. Gotten between its cogs and wheels and springs. Soon its insides slowed down so much that one minute lasted two. Then three. And eventually the little second-hand gave in completely.
For a while, Peter felt sure that Wendy would hear the slowing of the ticking. Then she would notice the silence of a watch stuck forever at a minute past eleven o’clock. He’d drowned time itself. And it would make her curious. And then she’d return. Actually return. Not haunt him via perfumes and spells and bales of moulted hair. For the first few days he could pretend to be disinterested. Then, with his cunning, he would finally get his own way. And on his own terms.

38. Last Orders
2015 and beyond

It had become a thing. It wasn’t planned that way, though; it had sort of just happened.
It had been Hook’s idea to begin with; to meet, he and Jukes and Smee on that first Halloween following their flight from the waxworks. In The Mermaid they’d sat, and when the event was repeated the following year, it had seemed only natural that it should continue. That they should carry on watching, through failing eyes, the costumed drinkers who grew younger and more untamed with each passing Halloween. 
Across those years, and always in the same booth at the rear, the theories about that night would grow ever wilder. Somehow, by tying facts in knots, Smee, never one to stand up for himself, would be handed the blame for all that had gone wrong. But no one really believed that. Not even Smee. Hook, of course, knew the truth. But instead of articulating it, he chose instead to keep that knowledge safely locked away in a cell. For fear that one day the entire business might catch him up, he steered suspicion from Wendy, reminding the men that ‘She was only a child, and had had no part in the treachery’.
But after a rum or two, Hook would complain about the ‘bad form’ that had been displayed by ‘whoever’ had recorded the conversation. At this point too, and with his eyes closed tight, he would tap and press the table, and the V-shaped scar, a gift from Tink, would stretch and contract with every move. 
To Jukes and Smee these irregular little finger dances were assumed to be a nervous tic; Hook’s way of calming himself. Hook, though, in muted dots and dashes, was in fact confirming what the two men suspected. You see, each year, in a dulled version of Morse code, Hook’s index finger twitched out the same repeated revelation: 

.-- . –. –.. –.--/-.. .- .-. .-.. .. –. –-./.-- .- ... / –-- ..- .-. / –.. –-- .-- –. ..-. .- .-.. .-..
Wendy Darling was our downfall.

.-- . –. –.. –.--/-.. .- .-. .-.. .. –. –-./.-- .- ... / –-- ..- .-. / –.. –-- .-- –. ..-. .- .-.. .-..
Wendy Darling was our downfall. 

.-- . –. –.. –.--/-.. .- .-. .-.. .. –. –-./.-- .- ... / –-- ..- .-. / –.. –-- .-- –. ..-. .- .-.. .-..
Wendy Darling was our downfall. 

One afternoon, purely for his own amusement, Hook had translated the phrase into Latin and, on the next Halloween, he had tapped that also into the Mermaid’s beer-sodden air:

.-- . –. –.. –.--/-.. .- .-. .-.. .. –. –-./. .-. .- – / .-. ..- .. –. .- –- / –. –-- ... – .-. .- –-
Wendy Darling erat ruinam nostram.

.-- . –. –.. –.--/-.. .- .-. .-.. .. –. –-./. .-. .- – / .-. ..- .. –. .- –- / –. –-- ... – .-. .- –-

Wendy Darling erat ruinam nostram.
.-- . –. –.. –.--/-.. .- .-. .-.. .. –. –-./. .-. .- – / .-. ..- .. –. .- –- / –. –-- ... – .-. .- –-
Wendy Darling erat ruinam nostram.

It was a joke so clever that Hook would have loved to share it. But whether in English or Latin, eventually Jukes – always Jukes – would grow tired of the pecking, clamp his hand upon Hook’s and unwittingly cut him off mid-sentence. If only for another twelve months. 
Alone, and in his darker moments, Hook would search for ways to blame anyone but himself for the defeat. The old superstition that it was bad luck to have a woman onboard a ship might, he reasoned, also apply to a girl and a workplace. He had always likened his business to a boat and, privately, referred to it as the Londinium. Then he’d torture himself further with the fact that, like the vampire-inviting victim of a horror film, it was he who had bidden Wendy onto the deck of Pendulum Properties. But when he’d sobered up he would see this fog for the nonsense it was. After all, he’d employed many women in his time, and none had brought ill fortune (indeed most, like Miss Ogilvy, had actually made him a fortune). He might just as well have blamed his incessant deliveries of flowers. On a ship these too were considered unlucky. 
Some years later, The Mermaid died. And men in day-glo bibs, nourished by thick tea and biscuits, dismantled the trio’s nook. With his penknife Hook had kept count of the passage of time by carving an annual notch in the table leg. That curious calendar, however, alongside every other stick of furniture and brass fitting in the bar, was dismantled and disposed of. The Mermaid became Dock (not The Dock – just Dock). It was a blunt, soulless name for a venue intended only for the young. They didn’t know it yet, the three, but with every prised-up carpet tile, every ill-removed partition of crafted wood and stained glass, time was at last being called on their yearly meetings. 
Jukes was first to find out. Stepping from a cab, he had spied the Mermaid’s new guise from the other side of Ambleshot Street. The lounge area, around two-thirds of the property, was open for business. Soon the bar section, its windows covered for the night by plywood sheets – and they, in turn, plastered in huge, pasted-on drinks menus – would be finished too. 
He stopped for a moment, Jukes, to read the long plastic strip draped above the entrance. A corner of the banner had become unstuck, but it obscured nothing of importance. Opening tonight! it shouted, Halloween party, prizes and promos! The wind flung at him fumes from a tight little knot of smokers. Shivering they were, and picked out from the gloom by orange tips that glowed with each drag. 
Jukes moved on, walked briskly past the building, then looped back. 
Across the way, a ticking taxi was depositing schoolgirls and superheroes onto the street. As Jukes replaced them, he smiled at a pep-talk that rose above traffic noise and screaming, and the music booming from the bar he once recognised: 
Walk a straight line.
Look the bouncers in the eye.
Here, take a mint. 
Say you’re nineteen. Eighteen’s too convenient. 
On the floor of the cab an empty half-bottle of vodka flashed now and again in the streetlights. A trickle of the stuff collected-then-swelled, collected-then-swelled in tune with the taxi’s twists and turns. Thank God to be away from these people, thought Jukes. Their designer scents, though, battling for supremacy, blended into one. Feeling clever, Jukes named this new product Mongrel. But that was too nasty, even for him. So, briefly, he rebranded it Hybrid, before settling instead for the more elegant Collage: a perfume that accompanied him all the way back to the cuddle of Kensington.
Of the Mermaid’s demise, Jukes was glad. Smee, (Smoo, he’d taken to calling him, for fun) was a non-entity. A person that only circumstance and opportunity had steered his way. And now even Hook was becoming an increasingly ill-matched acquaintance. Why should he be welded to someone on the strength of a loaned-out Greek dictionary? People still bought cassettes in those days, he told himself. People, actually, still bought dictionaries. That’s how long ago it had been. No, that kindness had been repaid – more than repaid – across the years. 
Merely to honour tradition had Jukes kept these events alive. And even then, only because they posed little, if any, risk. To mitigate actual potential danger, Jukes had, like Hook, changed telephone numbers immediately following that fairground thing. No communication of that kind was therefore possible between the three. 
Face it, he thought, it had been the caper that had roped him in with Hook again. And though he was loath to admit it, it had been the pub’s barmaid that had kept him returning. But with every passing get-together those initial attractants: the too-sweet perfume; the cheap gold bangles; the never-once-fashionable eye shadow had each fallen away. Also, she’d grown older with every Halloween. And he felt cheated by it, Jukes. How dare she. One year she hadn’t even been there at all. He’d sulked that night and said little. Days later he’d returned. And when, through a cracked pane of dirty yellow glass, he’d spied her, she’d been glowing neon-orange from a holiday. Leaving it all behind, as Jukes had already begun doing, was for the best. The meetings had become restricting. Annoying. More and more like involuntary appointments. Only the previous year, to irritate him, and to demonstrate that he’d been observing it all along, Hook had nodded towards the woman and slurred into Jukes’ ear. 
‘She’s luminous to you.’ he’d said. 
Jukes, though, had concealed his surprise. His response had contained one of his trademark backhanded compliments. And his delivery had recalled his am-dram days at university.
‘Luminous? Fluorescent I’d say.’ (and then a beat) ‘Or at least she was.’ (and then another beat) ‘Once upon a time.’
Jukes was an appalling chauvinist, really. Which is to say, actually, that he was an excellent chauvinist. He gathered and arranged women, girls, as he called them, whatever their age, into neat little parcels. Collected them, or at least his ideal of them, the way another person might collect stamps or buttons or Toby Jugs. In general, he enjoyed, Jukes, putting all sorts of people into all sorts of boxes: people who pronounced or otherwise the l in almond; people who pinched, or not, their nose on sneezing; and those who bent the corners of a page as opposed to using a bookmark. 
So, in the same vein, there were girls who were pretty and lovely. These were Jukes’ favourite kind, and he referred to them as being ‘precisely how things ought to be’. But these were myths of his own creation; pedestal-dwelling creatures who sweetened their tea with jam and took five baths a day. They may as well, these goddesses, have sported also a unicorn’s horn.
Then there were girls who were lovely only. These were fine too; rather than through their good looks, their loveliness was expressed via something like a kind heart or a helpful disposition. 
Lastly, there were just girls. And into this classification Jukes squeezed those who were neither lovely nor pretty. 
Beneath this bronze medal of a heading belonged the barmaid in question. And it was precisely her perceived blankness that had made the woman so compelling: if she was neither attractive nor pleasant, how had she maintained Jukes’ interest across the years? He would never know. 
You see, her striking of the drink-up bell, delivered with the all the force and authority to prise apart two heavyweights, and that strong mouth, incessantly chomping on gum: by now these were all that really remained of Jukes’ ideal of her. He was done. She was done. It was done. As the cab had wheeled away, he’d looked in the other direction. For her part, as she counted down the seconds on a settling pint of stout, she actually spotted him, that odd, posh, annual tourist, disappearing. She thought nothing of it, or of him. But she was more than smart enough to realise that the almost-completed Dock, and the rapid shift in clientele, would make this her final Halloween also. 
The taxi driver said something and Jukes, disinterested, had replied ‘yes’ and hoped for the best. Now, right now, his quietly sexist notion of rescuing Mandy – his name for her – was evaporating. And it would be as dead as The Mermaid before the cab ride was over. It wasn’t so bad though: no more Mermaid, he reasoned, no more meetings. No more meetings, no more Hook. And certainly no more Smoo.
Smee, who was always the first to arrive, on being faced with Dock had waited, patiently, obediently, outside. After counting fifty costumes he had phoned Hook, but for his trouble heard only a voice made from clockwork: I’m sorry, that telephone number is no longer connected. 
Eventually, cruel comments from Dock’s young patrons, and crueller stares from its door staff, saw Smee shuffling back to Deptford. Jukes, naturally, had expertly avoided him. Collar up. Head down. Quick-march to the taxi. 
They’d passed within a couple of yards of one another, Jukes and Smee. United only by injury, the bolder man had almost succeeded in concealing the limp afflicting his right leg: a memento from Peter’s dastardly spikemines. Smee, though, had embraced his own wound from that night in the waxworks. He considered it justice. And, as a Catholic who lapsed in and out – and was currently in – a penance. So he was glad, Smee, to drag, like a ball and chain, his left foot across London’s pavements, and to leave upon them shreds of rubber and leather. Eyes fixed on the ground, Jukes saw that the shoe in question had been blunted. Pared down by the slabs. Set against the one on Smee’s right foot, its tip had worn down at an angle. The entire thing looked not unlike a wooden chock you’d jam beneath a door. He saw also, Jukes, that despite the esteem in which Smee held these annual gatherings, a trio of stockinged toes were poking through the gash in the leather.
A couple of meetings ago, irritated by something or other, he’d told Smee ‘You’re really terribly far from being fascinating to me’. Now, as he’d turned his back on this eternally half-empty man, did he wish he could apologise? Maybe. But it hadn’t been enough of a desire to actually make him stop the cab and go ahead and do it.
Hook? He’d arrived late. Having spent the day in museums and antique shops, he had quite forgotten about the time. Compounding this, from the platform at Bond Street, a young woman, dressed, technically speaking, as a Viking, had fallen for a moment onto the tracks. It had caused an interminable delay. So, by the time the appalled Hook was presented with Dock, both Jukes and Smee had long-since retreated. Hook decided to walk back to Limehouse that night, and with every step he mourned the Mermaid’s passing. No ginger wine, he thought, would anyone discover in that new monstrosity.
How had it come to pass? Well The Mermaid had been owned, since the late 1970s, by the family of Hook’s friends Alfred and Frederick Mason. It was Hook’s father who’d done the deal, and it had been the first acquisition of the Mason empire. But by now, despite alibis indicating that they’d been nowhere near Tottenham Court Road at the time, the Masons were occupying cells in Brixton and Wandsworth. Before the doors had even been slammed behind the brothers, the Andronikovs, brilliant, ruthless businessmen from Saint Petersburg, had swooped in and commenced their reign. For them, Dock (nee The Mermaid) would be just the beginning of a brand-new plan for an even younger, even more leisure-mad London.
Perhaps he should, Hook, have seen it coming. The previous year, in a tired and too-late attempt to modernise, an area of the pub had been reserved for dining. Across a few square metres of floor, cold laminate had replaced the sticky carpeting. And above the bar had been hung a blackboard. It heralded fancy-sounding dishes, the thing – cocktails too – including the signature Lagoon: a skull-splitting blend of vodka and rum and Blue Curaçao.
Hook, though, wasn’t quite finished with Dock. Beginning his walk home, he’d stopped at the skip opposite the bar. And returning the following morning, he’d spoken with a joiner. From a van, this young man carried into Dock fittings and finishing touches, and on the way back occasionally tossed the odd Mermaid knick-knack into the skip. Could he, Hook asked the lad, possibly swap one of his flat new twenty-pound notes for the Mermaid’s old wooden sign? On seeing the money, the apprentice, already missing a fingertip, had asked Hook to wait until his foreman stopped for tea. Then, at eleven on the dot, he’d emerged from the bar and from the sounds of hammering and sawing, and the latest pop chart. Reaching into the skip, he lifted the sign from beneath a tangle of bar stools and optics, and packs of beer mats promoting brands unoffered by Dock. Then, with his sleeve, the joiner eagerly dusted the thing down, placed it in the back seat of the Epiphette and got back to work. But with the coast clear, Hook had returned to the skip. He’d spotted, as the sign was being removed, the table at which he and Jukes and Smee had conducted their annual gatherings. Upside down now, on its underside were welded blobs of chewing gum. And almost detached from the piece was the leg into which Hook had cut a nick for every passing year. 
He reached in, arching his back and sucking in air so his coat might remain untouched by the edge of the skip. Then he got hold of the leg and yanked it towards him. Doing this caused the bits and pieces stacked around the table to shift. It made a bit of a racket and Hook glanced towards the bar. But none of the workmen nearby cared enough to stop him. And nor did they mind when Hook walked from the skip with the table leg in his hand. Brilliantly, one even shouted ‘Check out the leg on that.’ and Hook responded with a salute.
Now, sat in the Epiphette, Hook drew his finger across the line of notches. In a version of time travel, he traced up then down the length of the wood. Then he drove for the last time from the bar, and from the men with whom he’d drank there.
Smee, though, didn’t take the hint and he would wait a safe distance from Dock for the next seven Halloweens. Following every non-appearance he would convince himself that the other two would turn up, surely, next year. This was The Mermaid Club after all. But then he’d remember that that name – the one he’d coined himself – had never been embraced by Hook or Jukes.
Despite the no-shows, Smee’s vigil persisted long enough to witness Cohen’s, the old haberdashery shop across the way, become The Needle and Thread: a café, then a café-pub, and then a pub. But he could have lingered for seven-hundred Halloweens; the three men would never meet again. 
On each reluctant walk home he would pass, Smee, the Edward VII pillar box on Bunting Avenue. And on every approach he’d bend his steps towards it, and with his hand give it a subtle tap. Because it was from the pillar box that for twenty years and more he'd been creating a completely different life. It was here that he'd first arranged to meet Madeline: demure and sarcastic, interested in his obsessions (as he was in hers), but naturally, entirely invented.
Smee remained unlucky, unpromoted and cornered into his council cubicle. As the last-order bells chimed in the pubs of Earls Court Road, he would bare his battle scars and recount his Neverland tale. But only to fellow drunks. If they even heard his stumbling accounts – of a bright-red envelope, of ambition, of wax and of wood – they would never recall them among the headaches and regrets of the following day. On these late mornings-after he would wake, still clothed, upon the z-bed in his tiny flat. There, to a soundtrack of pills fizzing in warm sepia water, his companions remained obsolete currency framed against felt, and decades and decades of carefully filed copies of Radio Times. 
Post-retirement, Smee craved only to catalogue and polish his coins in peace and quiet. But rarely was he treated to either.
On Monday mornings, for example, the siren of the nearby Crippingham secure hospital was tested. Into the air blasted an announcement, so shrill and invasive that Smee would wonder if it had been responsible for the cracks in his windows. The siren sound that follows is a test advised the female voice. Then the message would repeat twice more. Next, from loudspeakers that peeked vacantly over the institution’s walls, came the two-minute drone. It rose slowly, the warning, as if beyond the gates someone was winding a machine. And when it receded, the wail, it did so just as gradually as it had previously picked up speed and substance. Following a beat of silence, that awful, piercing voice would return. End of test it advised, each of the three instances of this separated by what Smee took to be the plunking of a xylophone. The entire thing was recorded, he knew that of course, but amused himself with the idea that the performance was live, and that in the yard of the hospital some tyrant of a matron was wheeled out each week and stood before a microphone, mallet carefully striking a wooden bar.
Supplementing this, across the landing, an ancient couple, the Shaws, argued incessantly. About the government. About the price of cat food. And about which of the two were to blame for their predicament. 
Finally, in the room above Smee’s, Kane, the once-famous bank robber, who in the 1960s had hit both the Spicerhill and Brittlefield branches of the British Savings Bank, would pace the floorboards. This treated his downstairs neighbour to muted steps whose subtlety somehow made them all the more difficult to ignore or cancel out. Free now, he’d never, Kane, felt more incarcerated, bored and redundant. So he’d babble, the old lag, about dreams of one last job. A bank again. Or a building society. A jewellery shop, maybe. Or a bookmaker. But then he’d accept that those kinds of crimes had fallen from fashion. And also that most of his crew were either dead or locked up. So, bitter and burnt-out, he’d throw into the air drunken slurs and curses. And on Thursdays, when he took a shower, the sound of the water bouncing and tapping onto the tray urged Smee out to The Crippingham Arms. There he’d run up a tab of watery gins and long, to the amusement of the trendy young incomers, for those times when you still had to lick a stamp, and only post offices were allowed to sell you them.
This was Smee’s life. One, he would concede, that glanced back ceaselessly and had never risen beyond a rough draft. It was unfair, really, on Smee, to have ended up so barren. To receive only self-sent valentines, each one marked from an apartment within the fictional Celeste Mansions in Hampstead. The address was home to the fictional Madeline and Tibbs, her fictional cat. Invented also was Madeline’s British Library job. Here, Smee had her tutting at mis-filed books and aiming laser-guided hushing gestures at anyone thinking too loudly in the reading rooms.
No, aside from the business with Hook, the most wicked thing Smee had ever done was to tease a teacher. And even that had been advanced only to ingratiate himself with his classmates. He had rolled, the young Smee, a marble across the laboratory floor. Next, before the entire chemistry cohort, he had asked Mr Bittern, the teacher with the glass eye, ‘Have you dropped something, sir?’ 
It was a cruelty he’d always regretted. And if it was designed to attract popularity, the charm had failed. Even the most trifling infractions were, famously, regarded ‘a police matter’ by this teacher, and although that would have been ridiculous, the incident did earn Smee a lengthy suspension followed by a term in Bittern’s cage: a seat and desk located, for maximum embarrassment, in the corridor beyond the classroom.
Towards the end, even the patients and the staff and the siren at Crippingham would turn their backs on Smee. And when they’d gone he found that he missed them. Consolidating care, and cutting for efficiency, everyone and everything behind Crippingham’s walls would be transferred to Drabworth, a massive new hospital over at Beckton. And as the sound of the siren quickly made way for the sound of the saw, the facility’s wards were swiftly changed into kitchens and bedrooms, en-suites and lounges. Crippingham Quarters, then, became home to an entirely different variety of resident, and all in a district synonymous with a clammy word Smee recalled from his days at the council: gentrification. 
Many of Crippingham Quarters’ numerous new residents entered the property tickled by a wilful misinterpretation of the building. They enjoyed thinking of it as a former maximum-security prison or a cavernous asylum for the criminally insane. They were delighted then that, giving the development a bit of edge, and standing in the meticulously landscaped grounds, the hospital’s loudspeakers had been deliberately retained by the project’s architects and designers. There, amid water features and paving, bamboo and azaleas, off-colour themed parties – Psychos and Guards, for instance, and Victorian Lunatics – raged across the first summer. Accompanying these events, music would blast out from the speakers. But by autumn the council had stepped in and disabled them. On the understanding that the things were never again wired up, they were permitted to stand though, and to peer over the wall, all the more sinister for their silence. 
Jukes? He continued building his empire, although a shift in public taste – in favour of smaller, more personal shops – caught him off-guard and ushered JukeBox Micro stores to the high street. He remained wealthy of course, but not quite as wealthy as he would have liked. So for those who wished him ill, there was that at least.
He did, Jukes, eventually conquer north London though. But not Spicerhill. He settled instead on vacant space at the border of Brittlefield and Pentwood. And when massive JukeBox delivery trucks began thundering down Old Valhalla Road, Peter concocted a plan. 
Armed with handfuls of carpet tacks – courtesy of JukeBox Lambeth – the boy waited for the lorry. It always appeared not long after the bell from Saint Claudius’, that chapel opposite The Second Star, pealed eight times. So in Lisbon Lane he crouched, Peter, and listened out for the ringing: the boy’s cue to lob the tacks across the road. Then, when the truck broomed its way towards Brittlefield, the boy’s deadly brigade buried themselves into its twelve tyres. With each spin of the wheels, deeper and deeper the tacks bit, until they slowed the great lorry to a standstill just a few yards from the corner where old Valhalla Road met Lisbon Street. 
With the driver kicking tyres and nattering into a phone, a swift dagger-slash of the truck’s thick plastic curtain saw Peter silently disappear inside. There, he had helped himself to all kinds of tuck: chocolate, lemonade, jars of jam, crisps and dog biscuits. The boy even stole more carpet tacks for the next assault. 
Three times across two months he had sprung the same caper. On the second occasion the driver had leapt into the truck and swung his torch around. But skulking behind a half-dozen cartons of aspirins, Peter had grinned at the man’s foul language. And when he checked, the driver, the furthest-away corner, the boy hopped from the lorry, pinching also the crowbar the man had left on the deck. 
In the third attack he took, Peter, a toolkit. It was heavy, the big metal box, but he just about managed to grunt it out and onto the road. Then, one by one, he threw its hammers and wrenches and spanners and screwdrivers over the fence. Never short of confidence, he had a fancy, the boy, to piece together the Parachutes ride. For whatever reason, it had always annoyed him, the pile of nuts and bolts and cogs and springs. But in short order they defeated him, those components, and the thing remained scattered and sedate. 
Eventually, of course, the delivery route to Brittlefield had been changed so that Old Valhalla Road, and whoever was behind the thieving, were avoided completely. It was fun, Peter had concluded, while it lasted.

39. Are You Asleep? 
2021

 ‘I heard something today that is literally unbelievable.’ Mr Darling spoke in a half-whisper. There was no need, really. By now, Wendy was up in Glasgow. Studying to become that vet she’d always wanted to be. John? He was out with whatever girl he was going with at the time. Michael? He was upstairs, massive headphones on, messing around with a dodgy TV box for free football and films. He’d been wanting, Mr Darling, to share the news since he’d heard it that morning, but had waited until now.
‘Do tell.’ said Mrs Darling.
‘Well, it’s Mr Hook.’
‘What about him? He’s not back is he? It’s been, what, six years?’
‘Seven. No, he’s not. It seems – and this really is extraordinary…’
Irritated, Mrs Darling muted the TV and, adjusting the glasses she now wore, looked sceptically at her husband. ‘Let’s hear it, George. You’ve built it up now.’ Then she glanced at the screen. On a quiz show, a spotlight snapped off, leaving two losing contestants in the dark. ‘Oh, they’re out. I actually thought they’d win it.’
‘Really?’
‘Yes, really.’
‘Myself, I thought the game was up when they said it was J.R. Ewing who’d written the Harry Potter books.’
‘They didn’t say that.’ said Mrs Darling, ‘As well you know.’
‘Look out,’ said Mr Darling, and he nodded to the TV, ‘here come the Christmas ads. Earlier every year.’
Mrs Darling glanced at the screen. ‘That’s actually a very decent sofa.’ 
‘What is it about people and new furniture in the run-up to Christmas?’
‘We could do with one, to be fair.’
Impersonating an overblown advertising voiceover, Mr Darling struck a pose. ‘Don’t miss out! Make sure you have a new settee in time for the anniversary of the birth of Jesus Christ.’
‘You’re going straight to Hell for that one.’ said Mrs Darling.
‘I’ll meet you there.’ 
‘Anyway, what about Mr Hook?’ She was keen now to cut to the chase.
‘Well, he’s dead is what’s about him. At least I think he is.’
‘What? Who told you that?’ And why wait until now to say anything?’
 ‘Miss Ogilvy. But she told me to keep shtum about it.’ 
Mrs Darling shook her head. Then she zapped the TV off. 
‘What exactly did she say?’
‘She said the coppers in Jamaica got in touch with our police, and they traced him back to Pendulum…’
‘Look, hold on a second,’ said Mrs Darling, ‘As usual, you’ve just bulldozed right in. Jamaica the country?’
‘No, Jamaica the crisp flavour. Yes, the country. It seems he was on a cruise and they think he fell overboard,’ and here Mr Darling cupped his hand around his mouth and whispered, ‘and was eaten.’
‘Eaten?’
‘By a crocodile.’
‘A crocodile? Good God. Poor Mr Hook.’
‘The thing is, they don’t know for sure. The facts are that a huge croc was found, dead, on an island out there. Capistrano it’s called.’
On a tablet, Mrs Darling quickly began tapping out the word. ‘Capis… what?’
‘Capistrano. C-A-P-I…’
But a wave of Mrs Darling’s hand put a stop to it. Upon the tablet, a map of the island appeared. Mrs Darling pinched at the glass and the image filled the screen.
‘The coppers,’ said Mr Darling, ‘or whoever it is that does it, opened it up and inside this croc was a pocket watch engraved with a message for someone called James. They followed it up, obviously, checked around the cruise companies and airlines and eventually that led them to Miss Ogilvy.’
‘That makes me go over all queasy.’ said Mrs Darling, grimacing, ‘His watch inside a crocodile.’
‘Let’s see that over here.’ said Mr Darling, and he studied the tablet for a moment. ‘Still ticking it was, apparently. And the strangest thing of all is that when they popped it open, a little scrap of paper fell out. And on it…’
‘Was there anything written on it?’
‘I was just about to tell you. On it was written the words Are you asleep? Isn’t that the weirdest thing?’
‘It’s like something from an Agatha Christie. But – oh God – would there not be bits of,’ and with Michael now foraging in the refrigerator nearby, Mrs Darling whispered, ‘bits of him in there too?’
‘Well, Mary,’ said Mr Darling (using Mrs Darling’s first name, he felt, would add gravity to his statement) ‘that’s why it’s all a bit of a puzzle.’
‘What’s a bit of a puzzle?’ Michael, and his Tupperware box of something, had somehow made it from the kitchen to the living room undetected.
‘This crossword,’ said Mr Darling, and he slapped the newspaper sat on the armrest. ‘Seventeen across. Eight letters. Large aquatic reptile. Begins with a C.’
‘Crocodile.’ said Michael bluntly, and as he sloshed cola on the stairs he called out ‘And I know that’s not what you were talking about.’
‘That’s what you think.’ said Mrs Darling softly. Then she nodded to Mr Darling’s phone. ‘That’s buzzing. Here, catch.’
It was a text from Michael. Mr Darling smiled, then he held the phone up so that Mrs Darling could read the message: PS: ‘crocodile’ is nine letters. With every good wish, M.
As the rumours seeped out, whispers of a staged death, of debts and dodgy dealings floated around the corridors of Pendulum Properties. Wendy, when she was told, certainly accepted Hook had visited the island. That bit of the story was unremarkable enough; seeing Jamaica – honouring that Albert Hook of his – was something he’d told her he longed to do. But eaten by a crocodile? As if. The watch? He’d dropped it. Then the crocodile had mistaken it for food and swallowed it. Perhaps that’s what had even killed the poor thing. And OK, the cruise had sailed back home without Hook. But that proved nothing. A man of Hook’s connections could easily smuggle himself back home.
No, the truth, reckoned Wendy, was far more mundane. Hook had left the city and that part of his life behind. Maybe he’d opened that stationery shop in – where was it, again? – Hartlepool and was living out his days amid cartons of paperclips, protractors and those bottles of Tiger Lily ink she’d watched him mess around with. That woman of his that Moira had told her about – that Matilda or Tilly or whatever her name was – maybe he’d even persuaded her to run away with him. Or perhaps they’d set sail. He had a yacht, after all, Hook. Well, a boat of some sort. The Jolly Roger, he’d told her it was called. And when she’d responded to the name with a wry nod at the painting of Albert Hook, his descendant had played along by raising both arms. ‘Caught red-handed’ he’d said.
 The scrap of paper? Well, that was entirely typical of the man: pure drama. Pantomime. It was flattering that he’d kept the thing locked up in his watch, but it was obviously a ruse to muddy the waters and confound investigations. Even her dad had spoken of him ‘doing a Reggie’. Then he’d been compelled to explain to Wendy the origin of the phrase. It was from an ancient old TV show whose main character had faked his own death then begun a whole new life. If she was interested, Mr Darling had continued, he’d recently snapped up the box set, for a song, from the Oxfam shop on the high street.
It made sense to Wendy, her father’s theory. But a little later, when she’d searched at the East Cemetery in Highgate, she’d found only the names of Hook’s parents. There, recorded in stone, lay Penelope and Rupert. And then Wendy remembered what Hook had told her so many years ago: 
‘I’ve arranged it all,’ he had said, ‘the business of being laid to rest. Arranged it with Mr Mendip over on Broombrooke Road. I sold him that office, actually, with its little garage for his hearses. He’s in Death, Mendip, I should have made clear.’ 
It had been amusing to Wendy, the way Hook had summarised this Mr Mendip’s line. It was the same way someone might say such and such is in insurance or finance, or conservatory sales. 
 ‘You have to lay it all out, you see.’ Hook had explained, ‘Unfair, otherwise, on those left behind. And aside from that, if you don’t attend to it yourself, who knows what kind of send-off you might get. Crammed into a flat-pack wardrobe maybe. Or a sleeping bag. A hymn you hated as a child. A jam-jar of daffs. And, stuck in the mud, two dowels, cable-tied and crossed, to prove that, for a while at least, you’d actually once existed.’
Of course, conceded Wendy, if Hook really had perished at sea, it would at least be what he might have wanted. Tipping a bottle of water onto a yellow cloth, a woman two graves along had dabbed at a stone. When eventually she left, Wendy pinched one of her roses and laid it on the Hook tomb. Just in case.
Hook never did wash up, though. And some years later, silently and in the background, the lawyers at Allan & Anderson of the Strand would engage the legal machine. With Hook assumed lost at sea, they honoured, the lawyers, his wishes. Ownership of New Adventure Land quietly shifted, with supreme irony, to William Jukes: a landlord who, due to fear of his illegal activities becoming public, could do precisely nothing with the site he’d once set his heart upon. It was a bequeath, then, that Jukes neither wanted or welcomed. But it was one that, like a hideous jumper knitted by a well-meaning aunt, he was stuck with. 
Whether under the ocean, inside a crocodile, or somewhere else entirely, what is known is that in the months immediately following his retirement, Hook would occasionally be observed walking alone on Charnelhouse Street. At these times he seemed caught in a loop, like some malfunctioning robot fated to repeat a doomed mission over and over again. 
Swinging uselessly from Hook’s hand: that briefcase of his father’s. Inside: only an apple that rolled back and forth in time with his steps. Bashed and bruised, it stained and scented the leather before eventually drying out and shrivelling up. 
On those early post-Pendulum days, Moira, alerted by reception, would often scamper out onto the street. Then, after a short conversation – Hook babbling, sometimes, of statues, or of Tilly, or of treasure – the two would part. But after Moira had moved on, to a teaching post in Yorkshire, those ex-colleagues who watched Hook approaching the building would crane their necks for a better view. The smarter ones, however, followed his progress in the reflections on the dirty sash windows on the building opposite. 
As Hook neared No. 17, currency would be thrown around the room, and cufflinked young men on the rise would call out teasing bets: 
‘A fiver says he’ll climb the steps this time.’
‘Who’s game? I’m giving out three-to-one that he’ll try the door.’
Even many years later, on Friday evenings around the bar and tables of The Thirteen Chimes, big-eyed, vanilla-scented office juniors bit down on hair clasps and hung on, fascinated, to the words of their managers. In tones designed to impress, these bosses would wonder aloud if Hook had been cursed; compelled to revisit his lost empire, but never again to rule. And when the elders, loaded with ale and improper thoughts, were pulled reluctantly from the stations to the suburbs, they would trade, these juniors and new-starts, thin wages for just one more drink. And then another. And to fill the gaps between flirty talk they’d debate not about the legend of the crocodile and the watch, but rather whether this Hook had ever even existed at all. 
And what about Mr Robert Mullins, the council’s Head of Planning and Estates? Well, Wendy’s knowledge of his dealings with Hook, and the unsigned letter she sent him that demonstrated it, saw the contents of his cardinal-red envelope find a good home at the Spicerhill Food Bank. And at his hastily organised leaving night just a few short weeks later, Mullins was careful to send a very public please-keep-away message to his unknown conqueror: closing his farewell speech, he had held high, for all to see, an oversized personal cheque for exactly £20,000. And he made sure the Spicerhill Echo got all the pictures and soundbites it wanted. 
But he would wonder for the rest of his days, Mullins, of precisely who had sent him that note. With no knowledge at all of Wendy, so far as he was concerned it had been one of Hook, Jukes or Smee. Bitter at how things had turned out, the thing had been written to spite him. And for Mullins, the three names would be forever swapping places; rising and sinking in a pop chart of suspicion he simply could not banish from his thoughts.
 ‘You have to give something back.’ he’d told a throng of applauding colleagues. And then, obeying the shouted instruction from the council’s head of press, he’d pointed at the cheque. 
Only Smee, standing small at the rear of the room, had seen the stunt for what it was.

40. Eternal Rest
April 2022

Stood in Old Valhalla Road for the first time in more than seven years, Wendy pressed her hand against Neverland’s fence. Freezing, the metal was, despite the spring sun. There would be consequences to this return. And that the entire visit had happened completely by accident would make those consequences all the more compelling.
In her third year of veterinary studies, Wendy was usually in Glasgow. Hundreds of postcodes from Neverland. But now, back in Spicerhill for Easter, she’d been driving around the area: seeing about a new TV for the front room at Lilybank Road, grabbing odds and ends here and there. On the high street, she glanced at the collection of businesses she’d grown up around. A few had moved on since she was younger, but still there were Sugar and Spice, Zenzero, Gloucester and Graham and, in its ninety-first year, Pollet the Stationers. 
In the window of Jacqueline’s, the children’s clothes shop, two mannequins had been dressed in next term’s St Matthew’s uniform. Following several years of debate, much of it exhibited via the pages of the Spicerhill Echo, Wendy’s old school was to begin accepting boys. They’d be phased in, her mother had told her, one year-group at a time, from the autumn. And they’d be kitted out in dashing green and not the mundane brown Wendy and her peers had worn. Grabbing an opportunity, Jacqueline’s window spoke of a Uniform Club enabling the togs to be paid up in monthly instalments.
Four years ago, a fire had ended things for Foxtrot though. In its place was Pinner’s, a jewellers that had mended the clip on Wendy’s charm bracelet. At the traffic lights she watched the shop’s pavement sign spinning again and again in the breeze. In day-glo orange-then-yellow, orange-then-yellow: Watches sold / Batteries fitted / Watches sold / Batteries fitted. Matching the sign’s motion, Wendy repeated the words. Then, opening the car window a little, she caught the propeller sound it made. Just like the windmills she used to run around with on day trips to the beach. Up ahead, a van bore the legend One of north London’s leading suppliers of medium-sized reusable sacks to the laundry industry and Wendy wondered if a more half-hearted claim had ever been committed to the body of any vehicle anywhere on the planet. 
Leaning against the window of Frampton’s the newsagent, was a board: Mexican restaurant puts the spice in Spicerhill. Still handwritten. Still kept company by those rows of rectangular window advertisements: 
Knife and scissor-sharpening
Punch bag and gloves (buyer collects)
Three kilos of Bramleys delivered for a fiver
It was a freesheet now, the Echo. Half-strangled by cheap-looking local ads and padded out with syndicated national stories. Two rival papers – The Brittlefield Bugle and the Pentwood Post – had folded a couple of years ago. Now, in name only, these were incorporated, in smaller type, into a busy Echo masthead barely able to contain the jumble of titles. Spicerhill dominated the dwindling supply of local reports though, and cub reporters and interns were instructed to rustle up what they could regarding Brittlefield and Pentwood. Despite its freesheet status the paper was tolerated by newsagents who might sell a bar of chocolate or some crisps from its readers. The smart shopkeepers located the copies at the back. That way people had to shimmy past fridges and lottery stations and racks of sweets. 
A little further ahead the arched wooden doors of Saint Simon’s Spicerhill church had been flung open. To the right of these, a small tan-coloured dog sniffed around the base of the war memorial then trotted away. 
For a moment Wendy thought about calling in. It had been a while. Or if she didn’t actually go right inside, she could at least take a look at the little stained glass window her grandmother, Beatrice, had gifted to the chapel. But then a troop of mourners trickled out onto the steps. She’d visit another day. 
Shiny black cars blocked the road and Wendy nodded to the chauffeur and the raised hand that silently requested she wait. 
Leading the procession was Father McCarthy. Wendy smiled as she remembered how, years and years ago, kneeling in the confessional box, she’d secured his full attention:
‘Anything else?’ said Father McCarthy, ‘Apart from this thing about your brother’s sweets, I mean?’ Stolen chocolate and tittle-tattle like lying to teachers, or copying homework, were regular fixtures. He longed, the young priest, for something juicier. Wendy delivered it.
‘I said a Hail Mary.’
‘Well, that’s nothing to confess. That’s something to celebrate.’
‘But I said it backwards, father.’
‘Backwards? Why did you do that?’
‘To see the Devil, father.’
Prior to this disclosure, the girl had expressed a preference for purgatory, considering it a safe halfway house between Heaven and Hell. Father McCarthy, though disturbed, had gone on to offer gentle counsel. But following this latest revelation, he whipped back the curtain that separated the two. Then Wendy had explained the playground rumour: that how facing a mirror and reciting, back-to-front, the prayer would reveal the Devil in the glass. And then she’d told him that it hadn’t, and how that had been very disappointing for her. 
It had concluded, the confession, with Wendy receiving a substantial penance. She was to recite a decade of the rosary: one Our Father, ten Hail Marys and one Glory Be. 
‘And bloody well say them front-to-back.’ Father McCarthy had said, ‘The way God intended.’
What else had been revealed to him across the years? Affairs? Crimes? Murders even? It was no wonder, she thought, that his hair had gone grey so quickly.
Next, the unfortunate family shuffled towards the car. Then the sweet smell of incense caught Wendy unaware. 
Once it had been an aroma fastened to occasions like this: funerals, midnight masses, christenings. But now it recalled for Wendy only Hook. Hook and all that had occurred around him. On the dashboard shelf the little tin of Pequeños Demonios caught her eye. These days she kept peppermints inside it. It would be disrespectful to have one right now, though. But then she thought what difference would it make – really? None. But she waited anyway and began, instead, to silently recite a prayer. And not even backwards:
Eternal rest grant unto them, o Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon them, may they rest in peace. Amen.
The final words of the thing had been ruined, inevitably, by the sound of a car horn. Behind Wendy a woman in a huge white jeep – a vehicle fabulously unsuited for British roads – was papping away and waving her arms around. In the mirror, Wendy watched her for a few seconds and scowled. The temptation to give the woman a slap was becoming irresistible. She snapped her seatbelt away but then emerged an impeccably dressed funeral official. He approached Wendy’s car but her delicate tilt directed him to the culprit. Wendy lowered her window, just enough to be able to hear. 
‘Can I ask you,’ said the man quietly, ‘to take your cue from the words of the hymn?’ Wendy watched, in her mirror, the woman’s face fall. A quirk at Saint Simon’s was its use, at funerals, of a pair of loudspeakers. These were fixed just inside the vestibule and, should the deceased’s family request it, a hymn, or sometimes a favourite song accompanied the coffin’s journey from chapel to hearse. This morning the piece was Be Still for the Presence of the Lord. And it was this precise refrain that the undertaker had, with perfect timing, referred to. It did the trick. Wendy returned the man’s subtle nod of thanks. It was followed by the expensive non-sound of the limousine door closing. Then the car moved away. The remaining mourners clapped. It was a kind of new addition to these ceremonies and, today, a signal to residents of the flats opposite the chapel that they could open the curtains most closed during funeral services. Accustomed now to the speakers, those who lived at Gallagher Court liked to show their respect in this way and some would even stand bowed and in silence for the duration of each song.
Next, the smokers amid the mourners waited for the bravest one to light up: permission that they too could follow. Others parcelled themselves into cars. Those with no transport spoke unconvincingly of waiting for a bus or hailing a taxi: the obligatory pre-lift ritual. Then a small altar boy collected the church’s traffic cones, jamming them into a tower that quickly soared above his own height. He tottered back inside, where a red-eyed man in a black woollen overcoat insisted he accept a tenner. 
Wendy followed the funeral cars for a while. And when they took a left turn, presumably on the way to the crematorium on the Old Valhalla Road, Wendy did too. Then into view came that once-familiar red rectangle of wasteground. Occupying half of it, a glum car lot had been introduced. Pots of flowers hid, badly, the piles of bricks propping up its not-quite-level portacabin office. Moored to a window grille, a fading length of bunting, like someone’s washed-out laundry line, ascended when the wind took a fancy. 
As the cars disappeared up ahead, Wendy parked on the gravel. She crunched on a peppermint. Somewhere across the way she heard the siren from an ambulance and automatically began a Hail Mary. It was funny, she thought, how these things never quite leave you. But if she was honest, Wendy wasn’t at all sure if praying worked. She’d tried it in the past, and it hadn’t. Added to this, she’d watched a well-known atheist on TV observing that prayed-for amputees, after all, never grew new arms or legs. But maybe it was because aside from the elbow nudges of funerals and ambulances, she treated prayers like distress purchases. A bit like when you have to call a locksmith or a glazier. God, she reasoned, probably considered her one of those awful acquaintances that you only ever hear from when they required a favour. 
In any case, she rattled though the prayer, Wendy. Even if it did no good, it at least wouldn’t do any harm. Then she looked out towards the tunnels across the way. The arch she had passed through so often was now – she screwed up her eyes – a double-glazing showroom. In fact the entire row of tunnels had been rebranded as the Valhalla Arches. Now they were home to either To Let signs or a muddle of businesses: antique dens, salvage dealers, printers, boat-supply people. An arch further down remained spare and open though. Still just about visible on the bricks above the tunnel mouth was a painted sign: a pointing hand and Access to Old Valhalla Road.
Wendy reached into the back seat and grabbed a camera: a proper thing you had to hold with both hands. She looped the strap around her neck. Then she stepped from the car and arced away from the hopeful salesman. He’d emerged from the office with the intention of replacing the family’s battered old Micra. He got the message though and, passing the deflating balloons strung onto roof racks and wipers, clacked his way up the little slope of aluminium steps and back to his radio.
As Wendy approached the open arch, she pulled out her phone and pretended to be on a call. This gave her the excuse for stopping, the way people do. Then she paced back and forth, also the way people do. She was, of course, heading into the tunnel; she just didn’t want to be seen. 
A few yards away a man pushed and pulled at the door of the printing shop. It rattled against the frame and caused the Come in, we’re open! sign to fall from the glass. Finally accepting the shop was closed, the man swore, then turned tail. 
Wendy stepped inside the tunnel. 
Immediately the stillness, the smell and the familiar sounds – of echoed scuffs, of still air amplifying her breathing, and of the rhythmic dripping of water – pulled her back to the autumn of 2014. Lifting her camera, she used its flash to check for potholes and roots and decomposing dead things. The brief blasts of light were enough to send rats running this way and that. Underfoot, pieces of brittle glass made satisfying crunching sounds below Wendy’s shoes. These were the remains of lightbulbs, long-since separated from a line of trunking imbedded in the roof.
Wendy didn’t mean to hang around. A spontaneous photo-stop on Old Valhalla Road was all she was after. At the other end of the arch a wall of buddleia – the bombsite plant – had to be negotiated. But that was no problem. And when she stepped out onto the street, and saw, up ahead, the neon sign amid a jungle of new growth, she couldn’t help but jog towards it. 
It had aged badly, though, Neverland’s sign. Half obscured by that invading greenery, it leaned to one side now, as if crippled. Much of the neon tubing had fallen away and who knows what strange new word it would invent if ever it fizzed on again. A tear caught Wendy unaware and she brushed it away, feeling silly. It was, she thought, just metal and glass – for heaven’s sake pull yourself together. Composing herself, she took a few shots of the sign, and of the lie fastened to the fence below. Across a flaking wooden rectangle: These premises are protected by security guards. 24/7 CCTV surveillance is in operation.
Wendy understood that Hook himself had arranged the warning. It was there to help keep a lid on the doomed deal he had tied his dreams of power to. His invented firm of guards Albertine Security, and its fussy logo of a ship’s anchor flanked by a pair of crossed flintlocks, would remain an in-joke between them.
Moving on, Wendy searched for the gap in the fence. It was there alright, but she saw that from the inside it had been closed off. A metal sheet, the backplate from a fruit machine, had been nailed across it. Visible also was the engraved panel attached to the thing: Leased from South London Automatics, Bermondsey, SE16. They’d returned a few times, this mob from across the river, to collect the machines and the coins inside them. But so ferocious had been the boy's defences that even these characters, as hard and uncompromising as they came, had eventually given up. Now, for a moment, Wendy thought about trying to smash her way back in. There were plenty of stones around, and these days even fewer people walked or drove, or even fly-tipped, this far down Old Valhalla Road. That JukeBox, sited at the border of Brittlefield and Pentwood, had been followed a few years later with a convenient new road. And it had pulled, the road, the already dwindling traffic from this end of Spicerhill. Wendy looked around. A half-brick presented itself amid the verge of weeds. She stretched out to pick it up. But then she thought better of it. It was all, she decided, better left in the past. 
Beside the gap, the merest trace of a single W, scrawled in yellow chalk, had somehow survived across the years. Wendy took a snap of it. Then, with her finger, she traced in the air its shape. Again, she felt silly. A couple of feet above the gap a rivet had given in to rust. When it fell it had left behind the perfect, irresistible peephole. Wendy peered in, careful to keep her skin from the surface. From the ground, a large and passive fibreglass eyeball peered right back at her. Seven more winters had eventually kicked the clown’s head to hell. It lay now in pieces. The word fun from the massive funhouse sign had fallen at some point too. What a noise it must have made. Catching the sun, scattered glass from its coloured bulbs winked and sparkled, and a pigeon hopped and pecked between the shards. 
Beyond the clown’s head, a fair bit of the Gargoyle was visible. One of the great masts had blown down though, and become tangled in the rigging. But beyond this she looked in fine shape for her age. 
It was daft, but Wendy imagined Peter – a man now, just as she had become a woman – in the galley of the Gargoyle. She thought of him lunching, with Tink, if she was still around, on some weird feast cobbled together from the skips at JukeBox. Across the years he’d popped up now and again, the boy. But only as an abstract. Only as a shadow. And not so very often anymore. 
Depending on Wendy’s mood, when he did present himself, he was a faulty, flickering streetlight strobing upon puddles. Or he was a foul, beige foam rising from street drains and engulfing gutters. Or a nest, toppled from a tree. Or unforecasted rain that cancelled weekends and mangled bank holidays. 
But sometimes too he was a pound coin buried in the pocket seam of a seldom-worn coat. A better-than-expected essay mark. Or a 2-for-1 on the only thing you’d braved the supermarket for.
When at last she stepped back and brushed from her face a single flake of rust, Wendy was ready for home. She quickly grabbed a few more shots of the gap, an artier one of the neon sign and a couple of the original arch. Her arch. Its rear was bricked up now, though, and closed off for good.
Just prior to stepping into the tunnel, smoke, from somewhere, wafted across the sky. For a few moments Wendy followed it with her lens. Then she took a snap. Had it blown over from the crematorium’s chimney? It wasn’t so very far away. She lowered her camera. Then, in case this was actually the final flight of whoever had occupied that coffin at Saint Simon’s, she deleted the file.

41. Fifth in Line to the Throne
April 2022

It was in the tunnel mouth, and only because of the position of the sun, that Wendy saw them. 
Once there had been seven posters, each pasted side-by-side on the gently arching wall. The damp and the cold had eaten away the centres of six of them though, leaving a kind of gallery of brickwork framed by thin lines of paper. 
But one had resisted. A small portion of it had stood up against the elements. So part of it was just about legible.
Wendy moved closer in. She squinted at the poster, fifth in the line of seven. Snapping with her camera, the light from its flashes illuminated the thing, but only for brief moments. She whipped out her phone and pointed its steady light at the poster. Above what was once a photograph, long-since eroded to nothing, in large block letters was printed the word LOST. Below this was typed a boy’s name. 
It was a name Wendy recognised, because Peter had once told her how he and this boy had explored the caves below Neverland.
It was the name Patrick Nibs.

42. The Lost Boy 
April 2022

On the electoral roll, Wendy had unearthed three local residents called Patrick Nibs. She’d written to them all. It was a long shot, she knew. But it was worth a try. 


Wendy Darling
14 Lilybank Road
Spicerhill
London
N23 9BW

attagirl2000@mail.com

April 7 2022


Dear Mr Nibs

My name is Wendy Darling. You don’t know me, but I’m a student currently studying the history of Spicerhill. 

For my project, ‘Spicerhill Stories’, which involves acquiring real Spicerhill stories from real Spicerhill residents, I’m contacting locals at random. Your name popped up on the electoral roll. 

Even if you think you don’t have a tale to tell, you’d be surprised at how small anecdotes can begin big stories. That’s been my experience so far with the Spicerhill people who’ve spoken with me. Could you spare a couple of hours for a chat? If so, you can write or email me at your earliest convenience.

With very best regards,

Wendy Darling


Patrick Nibs
17 Revlington Road
Spicerhill
London
N23 2JD

14th of April 2022

Dear Ms Darling

Please never contact me again or I’ll set my lawyers on you. Only joking. Be happy to help you out. Please advise of a time and place that suits you.

Yours truly

Patrick Nibs


And so it happened that on a wet Wednesday afternoon in late April that Wendy got to sit with the only Patrick Nibs who’d bothered to respond. The venue? The Clocks Café, where, almost eight years ago, she had spent one lunchtime with Moira. 
Turning up a few minutes before the agreed 2PM, Wendy headed straight for the bathroom. Hook had told her once that arriving early for an appointment was arguably more rude than getting there late. It was advice she’d retained. And besides, a moment or two in the bathroom might settle the butterflies in her stomach.
It hadn’t changed much, the Clocks. Below the half-snapped coat hook in the tiny shared toilet, the graffiti Don’t tell anyone, but I don’t really like ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’ remained. The only addition was the supportive Same here comment someone, at some point, had scrawled in Biro alongside a smiley face. And with an inkless pen, or maybe with a key, the name of a briefly popular group, The Library Fines, had been etched into the plaster ceiling. Boredom, thought Wendy, or perhaps a rattle at the door, had halted the operation though, and the last two letters were visible only when she craned up towards them and caught the right light. 
She finished up, and on her way back glanced into the kitchen. A framed photograph of a football team in blue was still visible. And the ssssccchhhh sound of the coffee machine? It had never stopped screaming. How many post-11AM cappuccinos had been reluctantly frothed, Wendy wondered, since her last visit? She scanned the place for that man, the owner – she couldn’t recall his name – but he wasn’t around. Then she took a seat. Still there, on shelves and on window ledges, were the ornaments that so fascinated the cameras of tourists’ phones. A soaring platform shoe from the 1970s. A pockmarked rock scooped from a beach. A large cog from the innards of a threshing machine. And an ancient lemonade bottle, the words Dashfield and Co, the carbonation works, Bromley, visible, in relief, on the glass.
‘Ms Darling?’
Wendy looked up from the book she was pretending to read. To back up her story, and for the purposes of identification, she had asked Mr Nibs to look out for someone reading Spicerhill, Brittlefield & Pentwood: Then and Now, a slim volume she’d picked up from Pages and Pages, the last proper bookshop in Spicerhill. Now, a couple of steps away stood a man in polished brogues and a dark suit. Behind a plum-coloured v-neck: a cream shirt and no tie. He was some shades over 70 years old, this Nibs. But from the agile way he’d negotiated the obstacle course of parked prams and chattering tables nobody would have suspected it. 
Wendy rose and they shook hands. Wrong Nibs, she thought, and resigned herself to writing off the next couple of hours to experience. Tea was ordered, and a couple of cakes.
‘Thanks ever so much for doing this, Mr Nibs. And please, do call me Wendy.’
‘Only if you call me Patrick. Mr Nibs makes me sound so old.’ He pointed, Nibs, to Wendy’s book. ‘About time someone updated that thing. Will you be the one to do it?’
‘One day, maybe. You never know.’ said Wendy. She felt, as she always did when meeting new people, the compulsion to fill any silent gaps with words. ‘Problem is, it takes me a while. To get things right. Even a daft blog I wrote about The Spicerhill Spectre.’
‘Not heard that name in a while.’ said Nibs. ‘Haunter of Spicerhill Spinney – and the district’s rubbish version of Jack the Ripper.’ 
‘Yeah, he was kind of like a terrible mix of him and Spring-heeled Jack, wasn’t he? I mean, he didn’t even kill anyone. Anyway, that took me ages. I’ll be faster for Spicerhill Stories though, of course.’ And she felt awful about bringing the man out on a lie. 
The tea arrived, and as Wendy poured out two cupfuls, Nibs gazed out of the window and remarked at how quickly, even in busy London, a spot of rain emptied a street. Wendy, carefully handing Nibs a cup, had agreed. 
‘You were expecting someone younger weren’t you?’
‘Well, you were probably expecting someone older.’ Wendy lifted her teacup, and when she held it, she extended her pinkie. Moira had done the same, perhaps even at this very table. It felt right to Wendy that she should pay silent tribute. Noticing the affectation, Nibs nodded to the digit and said ‘Careful, or someone will hang their coat on it.’ Blushing, Wendy reeled her finger back in.
‘Way I see it,’ said Nibs, the older you are, the more stories you have to tell. And Spicerhill stories is what you’re after. Correct?’ Nibs picked up the cake stand. Wendy took one.
‘That’s right.’ said Wendy. And, despite anticipating a pretty dull afternoon, she began to play the part of fascinated student historian. 
‘So, what kind of stuff you after?’ said Nibs. ‘Got some good stories about the old pubs on the high street if that’s any use.’
Wendy was about to feign enthusiasm. But Nibs shook his head.
‘Nah. Only interesting to old duffers like me, those. And most of those bars have disappeared. The Fallen Angel’s about the only one still standing.’
‘There’s a whole chapter on them in here.’ said Wendy, ‘All the old bars.’ She offered Nibs the book. He took it from her, flicked over a few pages, then pointed to a photograph. 
‘The Sugarmill. Where that gift shop is now.’
‘Icarus?’ said Wendy.
‘That’s the one. I remember someone was shot outside it. When it was a pub, I mean. It was Harry Minter from Clerkenwell who did it. Gang-type stuff. Anyway, not what you’re after, I’m sure.’
It did actually appeal. But instead Wendy nodded to a pram sat at a table nearby. ‘How about stuff about growing up in Spicerhill?’
Nibs nodded, but he said nothing. Wendy watched him. He seemed to be debating something with himself.
‘I’m sure the pub stories would be interesting too.’ said Wendy. ‘Especially if people were being shot all the time.’ She was running out of suggestions and noticed that already she’d drunk almost all of her tea. Like quaffing alcohol at speed, it was another signal that she was in new company. 
‘OK. Sod it.’ said Nibs. ‘I will tell you.’
‘Tell me what?’
‘I hope you’ve got room for more tea, miss. You’re about to hear all about the Lost Boys of 1959.’
Nibs drew a blunt knife through his cake. ‘That should be Spicerhill-story enough for you, I reckon.’

43. Ambitious Outsiders  
April 2022

‘I suppose,’ said Nibs, mucking around with the crumbs on his saucer, ‘that it all began with the Mona Lisa.’
‘The Mona Lisa, the painting?’
‘No.’ said Nibs, deadpanning, ‘The Mona Lisa the hair gel.’
Just like her dad, thought Wendy. This old guy is quite the thing.
‘Yes the painting. Curly, one of our gang at the time, he’d read about this painting, this Mona Lisa, and how valuable it was. Read it off the newspaper, he did, when he went to fetch the Friday fish and chips for the staff at Grixhill. Chip shops wrapped stuff up in papers in those days y’see.’
‘Hang on,’ said Wendy, ‘What’s Grixhill?’
‘I’ll come onto that in a bit. But Curly, halfway back to the staff room, he used to unwrap the paper and snaffle a few chips.’ 
‘And there it was?’ said Wendy, ‘An article, or a report or something?’
‘That’s right. And Grixhill, Grixhill House to give it its Sunday name, that was a children’s home, a kind of orphanage I suppose, On the top of East Sylvia Way it was. It’s a restaurant now. The Grix.’
‘I passed that place just today.’ said Wendy. ‘So you were in this Grixhill place as a child? With, sorry what was your friend’s name again?’
‘Curly. And, yeah, that’s right.’
‘OK, I get it. You’ve not been to it, have you? The restaurant, I mean.’ 
‘I have. Me and my quizzing mates from The Hanged Man – and that was a good place to get shot too, by the way – went there for my 70th. They’ve kept a lot of the benches and tables and stuff. I even found something I’d scrawled on one of them.’
‘What did you write?’
‘A rude word.’
‘That’s awful.’ said Wendy, smiling. 
‘Unforgivable. Anyway. Back to Curly. On this one Friday evening he came back to our dorm, whipped out this bit of newspaper, unfolded it and held it all up for us to see. Of course us lads weren’t for reading about some old painting. But then he told us all about this Mona Lisa, and how valuable it was, and how we could jump a ship to Paris – geography wasn’t his forte – nick the thing, sell it and run away from Grixhill.’ Nibs pointed to his empty cup, and without pausing said ‘More tea, please.’
Wendy topped them both up. ‘No shortage of ambition, at least.’
‘You could say that. I remember when he was holding the thing up you could see the light through her face because of the grease from the chips.’
‘So, were you all up for it, this Paris thing?’
‘Absolutely. In fact one of the twins had already begun shinning down the drainpipe. But then the other one pulled him back in. ‘We ought to wait until tomorrow,’ he’d said, ‘when the grown-ups are drunk. It was a smart move. Y’see on Saturdays the staff used to play cards. And they’d drink like hell.’
‘So their guard would be down?’ said Wendy. 
‘Exactly. So we hung on until the next night.’
‘It must have seemed like a long wait.’ said Wendy. 
Nibs nodded. ‘To us boys it felt like a month.’
‘So, eventually it was night time.’ said Wendy. She’d begun enjoying the story. ‘Then what?’
‘Well, what happened was that we waited until lights out. Then one of us sneaked down to the hall to keep an eye on the staff. They’d started their party alright. Even in the dorm we could hear the laughing and singing, and no end of bottle caps hitting the tabletop. Whatever one of us it was, he came back up and gave us the nod. Said they were drunk as lords and fighting about marked cards. Then we jammed our pillowcases under our sheets.’
‘In case someone checked during the night?’ said Wendy, and she remembered how she’d done the same thing during that Halloween trip to Neverland. 
‘That’s right. We had a nurse, you see, who did nightshifts. But we figured if she saw the shapes under the blankets we’d be OK. Until morning at least. Then one of the twins threw open the window again. Not everyone had the stomach for the drainpipe though, so we sneaked downstairs, past the staff room, through the nursery and out the back door. It opened onto a little orchard and that gave us plenty of cover. It’s still there, by the way, that orchard. The Grix make a big deal of using the fruit from it in pies and drinks and whatever.’
‘Did you manage it?’ asked Wendy. ‘Did you all get out OK?’
‘It was a close shave. Curly, I think it was, nudged a vase on the landing. Chinese-looking thing. But I steadied it just in time, and he stuck out his foot and kind of caught the lid. But then, in the nursery, one of the babies woke up.’
‘Oh no.’
‘It turned out OK. He just kind of gave a little laugh and we kept going. I was last out and had told the lads at the front to grab some apples for the trip.’ 
‘You scrumped them.’ said Wendy, deliberately emphasising the word Peter had taught her. 
‘That’s right.’ said Smee. And after that, the tallest of us, Curly again, scrambled up one of the trees and onto the orchard wall. Then he helped us all get over.’
‘Was it awful there?’ said Wendy, ‘This Grixhill? Is that why you all – I was going to say escaped – but is that why you all ran off to Paris, because it was a terrible place?’
Nibs shook his head. ‘No. I mean, Grixhill had its moments, but it was usually an OK place to be. The staff used to take us out on day trips now and again. We went to the Natural History Museum once. I used to love that big dinosaur skeleton. What’s it called again?’
‘Dippy.’
‘Dippy. Exactly. Anyway, off we trooped to the docks. It was the Royal Victoria. It’s where Docklands is now. And, it’s so daft to think of it, but we had every intention of stowing-away on a boat to Marseille or Calais. But of course it never happened.’
‘No boats?’ said Wendy. 
‘Plenty of boats. But plenty of dockers stopping us getting aboard too. Gave us all a clip round the ear they did. Stole our apples as well. And Slightly’s hat.’
‘Slightly?’
‘Another of the gang.’
‘Was it a nickname? Slightly, as in ‘vaguely’?’
‘That’s right. Reason for that is he arrived at Grixhill with a suitcase of clothes labelled slightly soiled, and it kind of stuck. I never did find out his real name.’
‘So, after the dockers had chased you off, did you all sneak back to Grixhill?’
‘Certainly not.’
‘I knew you were going to say that.’
‘Well, we were out, you see, and already in big trouble. And we got caught up in the drama of it all. What we did, next day, was write a letter.’
‘A letter?’
‘I know. Exciting stuff, eh? It was a letter for The Spicerhill Echo. Tootles, he was another of the boys… ’
‘Tootles?’ said Wendy. Nibs nodded. 
‘Another funny name. Anyway, Tootles was the best at writing, which is to say he was the least worst, and we all crowded round him, shouting out things for him to write. But first – I’m getting ahead of myself here – I need to tell you where we headed to after the docks.’
‘OK. I’d better get us some more tea, though.’ said Wendy.

44. The Grixhill Seven
October 1959

Dear sir

We are seven boys from the Grixhill House in East Sylvia Way. We have ran away to Paris and by the time you get this letter we shall have stolen the Mona Lisa painting. We are to sell it then buy a boat and sail to an island where no grown-ups are. Some of the folk at Grixhill are OK but most are not and we have had enough. We shall miss rice pudding and sherbet lemons, but that is all. 

Yours truly,

The Grixhill Seven

45. A Riot of Our Own
April 2022

‘So,’ said Nibs, ‘remember I said the people at Grixhill sometimes took us out to places? Museums or parks or somewhere?’
‘Yes.’ said Wendy. She popped open the lid of the metal teapot – the British kind that must never pour properly – and gave the contents a quick stir. 
‘One time, and don’t worry, this is all connected to the Paris story, during the summer holidays they took us to a funfair.’
At once, a rush overtook Wendy. Unwisely, she picked up the teapot, ready to pour. Then she quickly set it down. She had begun shaking, and the pot had made it obvious. Nibs went on. 
‘You won’t know this, but there used to be what you’d now call a theme park right on the Old Valhalla Road. If you know that road it was at the railway end. Opposite end from the crematorium, basically.’
‘I didn’t know that.’ said Wendy. Bang. Another lie. Her throat had dried up. She drained the tepid dregs. 
‘Yeah. Strange idea. And of course it didn’t last long. But one time they took us there. New Adventure Land it was called. And that’s just where we headed back to from the docks. It was October, y’see, and the place was all shut up until spring. But we got bricks and bashed a railing in. Spent an entire week there before it all went wrong.’
‘Went wrong?’ said Wendy. 
‘Stick a bunch of kids, some of them pretty wild at the best of times, in a funfair. What d’you think might happen?’
‘Chaos?’ said Wendy. 
‘Well, that’s not a bad guess. Y’see, we found out how to turn the rides on and off.’ Wendy lifted the teapot again but Nibs, spying the tremble in her grip, lowered her hand and took over. ‘And that was the problem.’ said Nibs, ‘We swore to power up just the smaller stuff. Things like the ghost train. The funhouse. The merry-go-round.’
‘The waxworks.’ said Wendy, then immediately regretted it. Nibs seemed not to notice, but she covered herself anyway. ‘Was there a waxworks? Kind of thing you might find there. In a fair.’
‘Yeah, there was actually. But nothing like Madame Tussauds. You been there?’
‘No. I mean, I have. Just not for a while.’
‘I get in cheap. My grandson works there y’see.’ Nibs grabbed a napkin and with its corner flicked something from his teacup.
Grandson. The word immediately commanded Wendy’s attention. It was like a shot of adrenalin. Nibs carried on speaking, but Wendy concentrated instead on calculations:
She’d found three Patrick Nibs on the electoral roll. But she hadn’t once suspected that they could all be related. 
At a rough guess the Nibs sat in front of her was late 70s. Say 80 to make the sum easier. 
His son – the second Nibs she’d found on the roll – would maybe be mid-40s. Again, let’s say 45. 
And if the third Patrick – this grandson he’d just mentioned – was around 22 right now, that would place him slap in Peter’s peer group. She’d never understood that thing families sometimes do, of naming sons after their fathers. Always thought it was counter-intuitive: something done to deliberately confuse people. But right now, she was glad that the tradition prevailed. 
It all made sense. Nibs the grandson had heard about the fairground from his dad, or even his granddad. Then he and Peter had explored the place: explored the caves, just like the boy had told her. What was it Peter had said that time? It was something like ‘The only people brave enough to go down there are me and Patrick Nibs’. After school, or at weekends they’d have done it. Peter living in the fairground full-time? She’d never really believed that. 
What a piece of detection, thought Wendy. It was beautiful. She felt great. Nibs’ words began zoning in once more.
‘So, like I said, we just switched on the smaller stuff. Stuff that either didn’t make noise or that you couldn’t see from outside. What a laugh we had inside the waxworks. I can’t remember who, but one of us knocked Henry VIII’s head off.’
‘That’s a taste of his own medicine.’ said Wendy.
‘Yeah. Bit of revenge for his wives.’
Wendy nodded, and she remembered how she and Peter had once said pretty much the same thing. How strange to be sat here now, like some private eye wrapping up a cold case. 
‘Now, let me think. What else did we get up to?’ said Nibs, ‘There were slot machines too. You know, one-armed bandits?’
Wendy nodded. 
‘No big noise from them.’ said Nibs, ‘Except when we took a hammer to one and hoovered up handfuls of coins. Lost them all in the other machines of course, so it wasn’t technically stealing. More rearranging, really.’ 
‘Redistributing the wealth.’ said Wendy.
‘Exactly.’
‘Was there, what do you call them, a roller coaster?’ said Wendy, disguising her knowledge with the smallest of shrugs.
‘There was. The Spitfire it was called.’ 
Resisting the temptation to correct Nibs, Wendy instead said ‘Cool name. Like the plane.’
Nibs nodded. ‘Exactly like the plane. But we weren’t mad enough to power that up. Even if it wasn’t the biggest ride in the world.’
‘But big enough to leave alone?’ said Wendy.
‘Definitely. And anything with coloured bulbs – there was a waltzer and a merry-go-round, like I said – they were strictly for the daytime. Although after a few days we smashed up a lot of the lights so we could ride them at night too, little vandals that we were.’
‘So you all hid in,’ and Wendy only just stopped herself completing the sentence with Neverland, ‘this New Adventure Land, was it called?’
‘That’s right. Of course by that time the Spicerhill Echo had gotten our letter. I remember now we wrote it on paper that was headed with the place’s name and address. We nearly sent it like that, but Tootles tore the top section off. It would kind have given the game away if he hadn’t.’
‘And they ran the story? The Echo?’
‘Absolutely they ran the story. And it meant there were fewer people nosing around Spicerhill trying to find us. The Paris thing was like Christmas-time for a paper like that because that story had it all,’ and here Nibs held high his hand, his fingers popping up in time to each of the facts he reeled off, ‘a local angle, an international angle, glamour, a search, crime, the lot. It was full of… what is it they call it?’
‘Human interest?’
‘Exactly. And later on I found out that the Echo sold more papers during its week of reporting on The Lost Boys – that’s what they called us – than they’d ever sold before. Even more than when that old bomb went off in Brittlefield Place years later. And I’ll tell you something else, if it had gone on for a while longer it would have went a bit further than London, I think. But then something happened that ended it all like that.’ Nibs snapped his fingers. Then he excused himself and headed for the bathroom. 
You have to understand, a lot of tea had been consumed. And Nibs was almost seventy-eight years old.

46. Falling Without Knowing
April 2022

Out on the street, a courier had been knocked off her bike. Unscathed, somehow, she was arguing with the offending motorist. Wendy had counted seven separate people recording the scene on their phones. 
‘Bloody cyclists.’ said Nibs as he took his seat. Then he said ‘She’s OK, isn’t she?’
Wendy nodded. ‘She’s got a helmet on.’
‘I meant the driver.’ said Nibs. But then he tempered the comment with a wink. ‘So. What was I saying again?’
Wendy glanced down at the pad on her lap. To lend credibility to her cover story she’d begun taking a few cursory notes. After a while, these had been relegated to random scribbles. But then the fairground had popped up.
‘Something had happened that had ended the thing in,’ and for effect Wendy flicked back a few pages, ‘New Adventure Land.’
‘Of course. OK. It took them a while,’ said Nibs, ‘but by day four the coppers finally checked out the fair to see if that’s where we’d ended up. They’d been distracted, y’see, by the Paris story and when they were pretty sure that we hadn’t actually stowed-away at all, they began searching closer to home.’
‘And was this when it all ended?’ asked Wendy, ‘Did the police find you all?’
‘Oh no. Y’see we had a lookout system for things like that. There was a model pirate ship – I say model, but it was a really big one – called the Gargoyle in the place.’
‘The Gargoyle.’ repeated Wendy. And she wrote the name in her pad. Nibs spied the mess of scribbles on the page, but Wendy quickly explained them away as shorthand. 
‘So, this ship of ours sat not far from the entrance.’ said Nibs. ‘It was for kids to play on. It had ropes and swings and things, and a really scary figurehead at the front. Anyway, if you were stupid enough you could climb way up the rigging into a crow’s nest,’ and Nibs lifted his hand into the air, ‘way high on one of the masts. Imagine the Health and Safety people nowadays?’
Wendy smiled, but expertly she kept her head bowed and continued writing away. Then, always searching for cover, she said ‘A crow’s nest is like a basket thing isn’t it? For spotting things on the sea?’ 
Nibs nodded. ‘We would all take shifts up there, except for one of the twins. No idea which. He was scared of heights, so he had extra pilfering duties.’
‘Pilfering? What? Food and drink?’
‘That’s right. Both. Y’see for the first couple of days we had chocolate and toffee apples for tea. Stuff that was lying around the fairground. But when that ran out, well let’s just say we owe the grocers on the Spicerhill High Street a few shillings. Anyway, where was I?’
‘You were talking about the lookout shifts. The crow’s nest in,’ and at this point Wendy made a fuss of looking at her notebook, ‘the Gargoyle.’ Then she worried that she was overdoing it. 
‘OK. Well, when the coppers arrived, and they had the fair’s owner with them, one of the twins who, like I said, was up in the nest, gave us a whistle and we scattered. And that’s how me and Peter found the caves underneath the place.’
‘Who?’ said Wendy. 
‘Peter.’
The name. It was like a bullet. But Wendy managed to compose herself. And with her pen pressing hard to the page, she recorded the word. 
‘What a boy he was.’ said Nibs. He reached into his inside pocket and took out a battered old brown wallet. Then he removed from it a black-and-white photograph, its centre creased in line with the wallet’s fold. 
Wendy studied the photo. In flashlight, upon a tunnel wall, were pasted seven posters. Each one contained an image of a boy and was headed by the word LOST. Crouched below the posters, and bunched up like a cup-winning football team, seven boys posed opposite his own image. 
Second from the left was Peter. 
Wendy rose immediately. She collected her coat and bag. Then she said something to Nibs to explain her sudden flight.

47. Session #2: Spoonfuls of Sugar
Being a selected transcript of a session between client Wendy Darling and Claire Colebrooke of Impartial Listening.

Impartial Listening

A free, confidential support service run by students for students.

If something is bothering you in or outside of university, and you want to share it, we’ll listen. You can be in touch with a fully trained Student Listener face-to-face, over email, on the phone and even by text. Everything we discuss stays completely private and you don’t have to give us your name.

Session date: 17th November 2023

Background: 

Client WD was twenty-three years old when she contacted the service. A traumatic incident, occurring in April 2022, had led to a thirteen-month period of residential and out-patient psychiatric care at a London hospital. Following this treatment, in September 2023, WD was able to resume her university studies in a large UK city (not London). 

In November 2023, via a poster displayed at her university’s medical drop-in facility, WD became aware of Impartial Listening and that’s when she and I began communicating. 

After a couple of initial telephone chats, WD expressed interest in participating in face-to-face sessions. I subsequently engaged in a series of twelve informal sessions with WD. These sessions were immensely interesting to me and I have transcribed a selection of these for my own records, and to inform my own professional development.

If you are reading this introduction, and have not been expressly authorised to access this document, you should be aware that this text contains private notes, was secured with a password, and that you should stop reading now before permanently deleting this file. 

ME: So, you say the photograph was of the boy?
WD: Peter. But it was him. It’s not that I’m saying it was him. It was him. One-hundred percent.
ME: I didn’t mean to imply I doubt you. Please go on. Last week you told me that you’d left the café quickly. You just stood up and made for the door. What happened next? 
WD: It was the end of the Easter break and I was supposed to go back to university a few days later. The exams would be starting soon. But I arranged sick time and stayed around in London. Under a duvet mainly. Trying to get my head together. After a few days I contacted Mr N again – by letter. 

Wendy Darling
14 Lilybank Road
Spicerhill
London
N23 9BW

attagirl 2000@mail.com

April 21st 2022

Dear Mr Nibs

Wendy Darling here again. Can I just apologise for leaving so abruptly.

Whilst speaking with you I received a text with news of a family accident. I should have explained this to you more fully at the time, but was kind of in shock. All well now. 

Could you possibly make the Clocks Café on Thursday? 2PM? 

With very best regards,

Wendy 


Patrick Nibs
17 Revlington Road
Spicerhill
London
N23 2JD

23rd of April 2022

Dear Ms Darling

Not a problem. I will see you at 2PM on the 28th.

I’m glad to hear your family issue has resolved itself well. 

Yours truly

Patrick 


ME: And this was still under the Spicerhill Stories thing?
WD: Yes. My big lie.
ME: You postponed your exams to stay in London. This clearly meant a lot to you?
WD: Yes. And I wasn’t in any kind of fit state to take exams anyway.
ME: Of course. And then, when you met for the second time, Mr N went on to explain more about the group of boys? Is that right? 
WD: That’s right. He told me that hundreds of those posters had been pasted up all over Spicerhill, and also in Brittlefield and Pentwood. They’re the other areas around Spicerhill. He told me it was the Echo – the Spicerhill Echo, the local paper – that had printed them. Their thing, their logo...
ME: The masthead?
WD: The masthead, yeah, was at the top of the posters. He’d set the timer on the camera and ran into the shot, so he was all blurred and only half in it. I told him they looked like a boy band. 
ME: And when we spoke last time you said he’d named them all? The boys.
WD: Yeah. I’ve got this off-by-heart now. In the photo were Curly, Peter, Slightly, the twins, Mr N, and Tootles. I made up a pneumonic. Cats’ Paws Silently Trot To New Territory. I suppose I had too much time on my hands in hospital.
ME: So, back in the Café, this was when you started finding out a bit more about Peter?
WD: Mr N pointed at Peter with his teaspoon and told me he was utterly fearless. I distinctly remember that was the phrase he used. Then he said that after the police had disappeared – and the fair’s owner had stopped swearing about, what was it… smashed-up bulbs, lazy policemen and how soft the law was on vandals – that Mr N sneaked out of the caves, and whistled for the other boys to come out from their hiding places. But Peter didn’t appear. Mr N said he spent the entire day under there and didn’t show himself until they were all round the fire. It seems they lit one, a fire, every evening.
ME: And then what happened? 
WD: That’s when I said something like ‘He died, didn’t he? I can tell. From what you’re saying about him having no fear. He must have died’. And he said ‘Well, actually, he did’. Then he said ‘not much gets past you’ which I thought was very ironic.
ME: And how did that make you feel? Peter having died.
WD: It made me feel weak. You know that way when you feel a bit anaemic? Right around then was when I started swallowing whole spoons of sugar. I don’t do that anymore, but this was how it started. Even that second meeting in the café I got Mr N to look away for a few seconds. I told him to look out onto the street at a little beagle with a coat on – there was no beagle of course – and I scooped a spoon of sugar from the bowl and wolfed it down. And later, I didn’t go out into the hospital grounds a lot – but they have a tranquillity garden there and it’s lovely – but if I did go outside it was always to there, and it was always with one of those huge coffee jars, but filled with sugar. And a spoon inside it. I’d shoplift round about this time too. Just small things like lip balms and clasps and sweets from the shops close to the hospital. But it wasn’t even proper stealing because next day I’d go back to the shops and overpay for things, or leave the extra money on a shelf.
ME: Do you think, in that second time you met with Mr N, you felt weak because you thought he was about to tell you about what happened to Peter?
WD: Yes. 
ME: And he went on to do that?
WD: Yes. 
ME: Do you want to tell me about that?
WD: Yes. I was just laughing there. I just remembered something I did when I was speaking to Mr N. If I made a reference to Peter, I would say ‘this Peter’ every time.
ME: Why?
WD: Just to put some distance between me and Peter. In case Mr N suspected anything. 
ME: Do you think he did suspect anything? 
WD: No. The whole Spicerhill Stories thing was a really good cover.
ME: So, what did he tell you about Peter? 
WD: It was on, I think, the sixth night of the boys hiding out in the fairground. They’d just finished eating and were sat around the fire near the waxworks. There’s a waxworks on the site.
ME: Yes. I remember you mentioned that before.
WD: Sorry. It’s hard to keep on top of what I’ve said and not said.
ME: Of course. That’s entirely natural. 
WD: And anyway they were sat around a campfire, telling jokes or stories or whatever, when they heard a noise from somewhere close by. Mr N said they thought it was the police, but then they saw that the Parachutes ride was lit up.
ME: That’s that ride with those umbrella things that take you really high in the air?
WD: That’d right. They take you way up into the sky and twirl you around. Anyway, inside one of them, it’s Peter. It seems he’d sneaked off and powered this thing up. He was screaming ‘I’m flying, I’m flying!’. 
ME: And something went wrong? 
WD: What Mr N said happened, or rather what he thinks happened, was that Peter stood up and sort of extended his arms out like a bird. The boys were cheering him on, but then the machine stopped – just for a moment. Then Mr N said he remembered it kind of shunted.
ME: And he fell? Peter?
WD: That’s right.
ME: And how did you feel when Mr N told you this?
WD: Well, we were in the café. I didn’t want to flake out again so I got my pen and twisted the sharp end of it into my leg. 
ME: Why do you think you did that? 
WD: Probably to concentrate on that pain. I just didn’t want to make a scene. After half a minute or so I said something short and silly like ‘I’m sorry’. I knew I had to keep anything I said nice and quick. Plus, I wanted to know more. Is that bad?
ME: Not at all. You wanted to get the full story. There’s nothing wrong with that. What did Mr N say happened next? 
WD: The police arrived shortly after.
ME: How did that come about?
WD: I asked him that too, but if you think about it, it’s obvious. The Parachutes was by far the tallest ride. Mr N said you could see it from a good distance away. And especially at night, with all those bulbs on.
ME: Of course. That makes sense. 
WD: So, the police broke in. Then they marched them all back to Grixhill.
ME: That’s the boys’ home you told me about the other day?
WD: That’s right. Marched them all back there, where they got a beating. And that was also the end of that fairground. 
ME: The publicity?
WD: No. It was all kept very quiet, actually. What happened was that the fair’s owner – and his name I’ve written down. Hang on. Here it is. Umberto Volante. He ended up being found drowned just a few days after Peter died.
ME: Drowned where? In the Thames?
WD: No. In the fairground itself. There was a little sort of moat around that pirate ship.
ME: The Gargoyle? 
WD: Yeah. A moat around it, not very deep, but it would have held maybe a foot or so of water. I remember Mr N said something like ‘it was more than enough to drown in if you’re carrying a guilty conscience and you’ve had a few drinks’.
ME: What did he mean, do you think, by that phrase ‘guilty conscience’?
WD: That was to do with the theory that the ride wasn’t safe. But Mr N pretty much thought it was Peter’s own fault. After all, the fair wasn’t actually open to the public at that point, remember. It was way past the summer season.
ME: So they found him in this moat, this Volante?
WD: That’s right. You see, for a few days the family had been carting the big rides out, and into their other fairs. They had one in Southend, Mr N said. One down in Cornwall too. I think they rotated the rides, like swapped them from fair-to-fair. To keep things fresh, I imagine. Obviously, when this Volante didn’t show up at home, his family headed straight for the fair, found him, then called the police. Accidental Death it was. Officially.
ME: But you don’t think so?
WD: I don’t know what to think.

48. The Windfall
April 2022

Once Nibs had enquired about Wendy’s invented cousin Annabelle and the invented ailment that had cut their meeting short, he continued. 
‘After Peter fell, and then with what happened to Volante, the rides had been left pretty much alone. I remember they did dismantle the Gyroscoper – you know those big roundabout things that look like a Mexican hat?’ Wendy nodded. ‘It was new, so they took that one away. But beyond that they kind of gave up on the place. Most of the rides they left were still connected to the electrics. A few of us, me and Slightly and Tootles mainly, being young and stupid, broke-in maybe half-a-dozen more times over that winter, but we kind of grew out of it after a while. The Parachutes, they dismantled that one, but never came back for it. Just left it lying in a heap. Don’t blame them, actually, given the business with young Peter. Probably quite superstitious people.’
Wendy nodded. She actually wanted to go home now. But she carried on, and even pretended to be taking notes. 
‘I wonder, did you all go to this Peter’s funeral?’
Nibs nodded. ‘Yes. But it was all done very quickly and quietly. At Grixhill, if something like that happened – well, you see because we never had family most of us, it was done like that. Just a few minutes, really, he got. Well, maybe fifteen or so.’
‘It’s not very long, is it?’ said Wendy. 
‘It was all kept away from the papers too. The Echo, really would have been the only one interested and they were happy to stick to that nonsense about Paris.’
‘That would have suited Grixhill too, I bet.’ said Wendy.
‘Oh yeah. Definitely. We did all get scrubbed up for it at least. The funeral, I mean.’ said Nibs, ‘It was at the chapel next door. Called Saint Peter’s, funnily enough. It’s flats now.’
‘That’s those ones with the sort of garden thing below street level isn’t it?’ said Wendy.
‘Yeah. That’s the place. Very posh. I remember we sat on a long wooden pew, with someone from Grixhill at either end, and two behind us, plus two in front. It was freezing inside, you could see your breath in the air. His little dog actually ran down the aisle and it took three men from Grixhill to pull her away from the coffin. It was an awful thing to see.’
‘Peter had a dog?’
‘Little thing. About this height.’ Nibs floated a hand a couple of feet in the air. ‘Of course we weren’t allowed pets in the place, but Peter kept her hidden well. She was a stray. Found her on the football field. Lovely little pup she was. Slept in the sock drawer.’
Wendy allowed herself a smile at the thought of it. ‘Did you and the other boys keep her? After Peter I mean.’
Nibs shook his head. ‘We wanted to, but we never saw her again. Some of the older lads said they found her in the orchard, lying there like a windfall apple, with a stick that’d been whittled – you know, sharpened – like a spear, stuck here.’ Nibs tapped his chest, just below his throat. Tink, he’d called her.’
Automatically, Wendy’s hand rose to her own throat. She thought now about Tink’s scar and how it was located exactly where Nibs had pointed. 
‘I think that was just a story though.’ said Nibs. He had spotted that Wendy was upset and was keen to smooth things over. ‘Most likely the wardens at Grixhill brought her over to Battersea after the funeral.’
Wendy nodded. ‘I’m sure that’s what happened.’ But she knew that was rubbish. 
The clack, from the kitchen, of a cutlery tray brought her back. 
‘What was Grixhill like? After Peter, I mean? Was it different without him?’
Nibs made a bit of a face. ‘It would have been. Well, no, it was, but only for a little while. It was shut down you see, in the following spring.’
Wendy scribbled some cursory words on her pad. But something about the way Nibs was messing around with his empty teacup indicated he was looking to leave. So she dived straight in. ‘Oh.’ she said, ‘Why did they close it?’
‘Well, it was a very strange thing.’ said Nibs. He seemed engaged again. ‘Very strange.’ Nibs looked around the café for a moment. He was stuck precisely between keeping something secret and revealing it all. In the end, he decided to talk. What difference, now, would anything make? He was carrying a terminal diagnosis, Nibs. And without his disclosure, the story might well die with him. His health? He’d keep that from Wendy. But she was welcome to this final part of the tale.

49. Session #4: Way Beyond Coincidence
Being a selected transcript of a session between client Wendy Darling and Claire Colebrooke of Impartial Listening.

Session date: 1st December 2023

WD: It was the dog, you see. It was Tink. Tink proved everything. 
ME: Did it?
WD: I think in this case the burden of proof would be on you. Not you-you. I mean it would be on any detractor. 
ME: Why would you say that? 
WD: Because coincidences are one thing. Like thinking about someone you’ve not seen in ages and them popping up the next day – that’s a coincidence. But this is way beyond that. 
ME: Perhaps it would be useful to hear what else Mr N told you. If that’s OK.

50. Ignition
April 2022

‘It was in the February that it happened.’ said Nibs, ‘Us lads were asleep in our dorm. Then an almighty racket woke us all up. It was around three in the morning. Shouting, it started out with. But then the screaming started.’
Wendy nodded quickly. She couldn’t help but whisper ‘Go on. Go on.’
‘Well, we were out of our beds like a shot. And we’d have flown down the stairs too, except that one of the night wardens, Crombie, a horrible ex-Army sergeant from Dundee, barked at us to get back into our bunks. Then he locked us in the dorm and ran down towards the noise.’
‘What was it? What had happened?’ asked Wendy. The café’s door had been left open by an exiting customer, so she’d raised her voice to be heard above the din from the street. At a nearby table a man, dining alone, looked up from a book, but only for a moment. A waitress, tutting at the disappearing customer, closed the door over.
‘One of us, it was Tootles, had jumped out of bed.’ said Nibs, ‘He ran over to the window, then stood on what had been Peter’s bed. I always remember he just said, quite calmly actually, ‘Bloody hell boys. Come and see this’.
‘Then what?’ said Wendy quickly.
‘Well, everyone jumped onto the bed. But it started sinking in the middle. So a few of us hopped off and dragged chairs over instead. Out in the garden, between the front door and the street gate, there was a massive pile of prams and cots. Dozens of them. All stacked on top of each other. Burning they were, just like a bonfire on Guy Fawkes night. A lot of the boys started cheering, but I was trying to work out what was going on.’
Nibs saw that Wendy was thinking exactly what the few people who’d heard this tale had also thought. He raised a hand.
‘The babies were fine. The nannies found them crawling around in the nursery rooms. But next thing we know, Crombie’s unlocking our dorm. Then him and the head nurse, Miss Kember, marched us down to the laundry. They had us do that thing where you pass buckets of water from person-to-person. Y’know, like a chain. Screaming at us to go faster they were, and the water was sloshing about all over the place. Great fun to begin with, actually. Exciting for us boys. Not for the nannies though, in their nightdresses and curlers.’
‘Did you manage to put the fire out?’ said Wendy.
Nibs nodded. ‘Eventually. Then Crombie told us to fetch shovels from the coal sheds. Then potato sacks from the kitchens. Then he parked himself on a chair and supervised. And by supervised I mean he sat with his pipe and his hip flask and his bamboo cane.’
‘He didn’t hit you with it, did he?’ said Wendy, ‘The bamboo?’
‘Not that night,’ said Nibs, ‘too many of us in the one place. But we did get a clip round the ear when cook found all his spuds on the deck next morning.’
‘Battle scar.’ said Nibs, and he opened his left hand and held it up. Stamped, upon his palm, was a decorative letter C. Below this, the word Stretford was more or less legible. 
‘That’s the Charrington logo.’ said Wendy, ‘They used to make prams.’ Then, to explain her knowledge, she quickly added ‘They were really famous.’
‘That’s right. The problem for us was that the metal parts of the prams had gotten really hot. We had to tuck our hands into our pyjama sleeves to pick those bits up. Even with wet cuffs from the buckets they still got scorched. And I ended up branded.’
Wendy scribbled in her notepad. ‘One thing I don’t get is why nobody called the fire brigade.’
‘Well, the way I heard it was that Crombie spotted one of the nannies picking up the phone. But he shoved her away and pulled the thing clean off the wall.’
‘Why did he do that?’
‘To keep it under wraps, I suppose. The chat at that time was that the place had failed a few inspections. If whoever was in charge of things like that had heard about the fire I suppose that would have been it.’
‘Well, at least the Spicerhill Echo didn’t hear about it.’ said Wendy. 
‘That’s right, or else it’d be,’ and the two read the headline together, ‘Grixhill fire puts the spice in Spicerhill.’
‘In those days it was much quieter on that hill, of course.’ said Nibs. ‘Nothing like it is now. So there’d have been no one around. Still left a heck of a stench though. That didn’t shift too quickly. Today it’d be all over the news in a couple of seconds with that Twitser.’
‘Twitter.’ said Wendy. 
‘I was trying to be funny.’ 
‘Oh. Sorry.’ Nibs rose. 
‘In the end, keeping it quiet didn’t save the place though. I think it was getting the chop anyway. That happened just over a year later. Late March 1961. Just before Easter. We were all scattered to different bits of London. Me and Tootles,’ Wendy couldn’t help but smile at the name, ‘ended up in the same place though. Over in Belsize Park.’
Nibs excused himself and headed to the bathroom again. 
It was wicked, but Wendy ordered more tea. That way Nibs would have to hang on a bit longer.

51. Session #6: Whichever Word You Like
Being a selected transcript of a session between client Wendy Darling and Claire Colebrooke of Impartial Listening.

Session date: 15th December 2023

ME: What did you think after Mr N had told you about the cots and cradles on fire?
WD: It’s obvious isn’t it? 
ME: What’s obvious?
WD: It was him. It was Peter. You must see that. 
ME: But Peter had died. 
WD: He had. 
ME: OK. Let’s suppose that’s correct. That he did – somehow – set the fire. Why do you think he would have done such a thing?
WD: To make a statement.
ME: About what?
WD: About Grixhill. About himself maybe?
ME: That’s interesting. What do you think he would have been saying? About himself? 
WD: That he’s still here. That he’s in control. 
ME: Anything else?
WD: That when he chooses to, he can do absolutely anything he wants.
ME: But – and don’t take this the wrong way – you were working under the assumption that Peter had died.
WD: Correct.
ME: But you’re sat in a cafe, talking quite rationally to this man. Taking tea. It just seems kind of incongruous.
WD: No, I get that. Totally. It was incongruous. Irrational. Whichever word you like. But what could I do? It was all about finding out what I needed to find out. Probably you’re thinking now, that it was a joke, or that somehow there was some other explanation. I thought that too. For a while. But I don’t now. Not after what Mr N told me next.

52. The Lady With the Lamp 
April 2022

Nibs sat down. Then he wagged a disapproving finger at the new teapot; he’d meant to head back home. At least, he thought, the girl hadn’t ordered more cakes.
‘So, who lit the fire?’ asked Wendy. And she bunched her hands into fists. What would Nibs say? But if she was searching for some kind of confirmation or approval, Wendy, it didn’t emerge. The response was anaemic. 
‘No idea.’ said Nibs. He poured a splash of tea into Wendy’s cup. But back into the pot it went. Both were in agreement that there was nothing in life worse than understrength tea, and that this brew needed more time. ‘Us boys were all questioned about it, and at Grixhill they asked the kind of questions that leave a mark, but I can honestly say that nobody I knew had anything to do with it. And you really couldn’t have kept something like that secret in a place like Grixhill. If it’d had been one of the boys, even some other boys from other dorms, we’d have known about it in ten minutes.’
Wendy picked up the teapot and gave it a shake. Then she poured more tea for them both. On cue, it dribbled onto the Formica table. 
‘Of course,’ said Nibs, ‘that didn’t stop them suspecting us,’ and he mopped up the tea with a napkin, ‘but they never got to the bottom of it. The biggest tragedy was that the nurse in charge that night – a lovely young woman called Rose – copped the blame for it all and got dismissed. A damn shame that was. Most of the nannies weren’t like her. Some of them you felt would sooner change the baby than change the nappy. But Rose was a good sort. She used to leave jelly babies on the little cabinets next to our beds. And when we woke up we’d find them.’
‘That’s so lovely.’ said Wendy.
‘They were originally called Unclaimed Babies those sweets, so maybe that’s why she chose them. And at night, when she’d do her rounds, Rose – check that we were all asleep – she was so quiet. The other nurses would slap the horrible main lights on and wake everyone up, but she actually used a little paraffin lamp so it didn’t disturb us. We all used to call her the lady with the lamp, Rose.’
‘Just like Florence Nightingale.’ said Wendy. She was glad that there had been at least one or two comforts for the boys at Grixhill. 
‘That’s right. Even if you were awake it was always nice to see the lovely blue light it cast.’
‘A blue light?’ At once Wendy felt the prickle of sweat forming on her body. Her mouth dried up again. 
‘Yeah. If she found a boy awake she’d sit with them for a while and maybe tell a story. Peter, actually, was read-to a lot. Some nights I’d listen too, from under the covers. But I think he was definitely her favourite. She always had a story for him. Or she’d teach him things, like a card trick, or how to make paper planes and boats. She gave us presents, Rose, at Christmas. Just small things. Stocking-fillers you’d call them now. And when Peter swapped his clockwork car for Curly’s tin whistle, Rose taught him to play it.’ 
Card tricks thought Wendy. Tin- whistle tunes. There is no effing way this is coincidence.
‘Very upset she was when Peter died, was Rose. Y’see, on nights when Peter couldn’t sleep, she’d always promise him that everything, in the end, would work out for him. And she wouldn’t leave until he was fast asleep again.’
A thought now came upon Wendy. ‘Is there a grave? For this Peter?’
Nibs shrugged. ‘There might be one somewhere. I mean, he wasn’t actually an orphan, so maybe his mother might have taken care of that. She was at the service. Alone. And sat in a pew ahead of us boys.’
‘Mother?’ said Wendy, ‘But I thought Grixhill was an orphanage?’
‘Well it was, kind of. But there were also boys whose families couldn’t or wouldn’t look after them. Like me. My old man ran off when I was little and my mum couldn’t cope with me and all my brothers and sisters.’
‘Oh. I’m sorry.’ said Wendy, ‘I didn’t mean for you to bring that up.’ But Nibs shooed the apology away.
‘With Peter, his story was a bit different to mine,’ said Nibs, ‘because he never knew his father. That’s how they said it in those days: he never knew his father. A sailor, maybe, someone said. And his mother, well she was very young at the time. She was still young even at the funeral, from the little I saw of her.’
‘Did you ever speak with her?’ asked Wendy. Nibs shook his head. ‘But she brought him to Grixhill?’ Wendy had blurted it out, probably sounding desperate. But Nibs shook his head again and swallowed a gulp of tea.
‘No. She’d left him in a bundle of blankets. You really can’t blame the girl. I mean that’s what she would have been, more or less. Just a girl. Left him in Kensington Gardens, just a little way from the Italian Fountains. D’you know where they are? Near Bayswater Road. Not far from Lancaster Gate Tube. I was a cabbie so I see places as all roads and streets.’
Wendy nodded. Then a great sadness almost overwhelmed her. Slowly her hand moved beneath the table and she pressed the pen into her leg. She felt the plastic shaft of it bending. In the background: a waiter carried three cups to a table. A woman dropped a book and cursed. Two girls laughed at something on a phone screen. All, to Wendy, in slow motion. And when the pen broke her skin, she pulled herself back. 
‘Yeah, I know the fountains.’ said Wendy. ‘There’s a pet cemetery quite near there. A Victorian one. But it’s well hidden.’
‘That’s right. I used to take tourists there in the cab. Anyway, it was just beside the Serpentine she left him. I mean, she would have known he’d be found. Even in those days there would always be loads of people at that bit of the park. And she was right. He was found, with a note she had written.’
‘You don’t have the note, do you?’ said Wendy. Then, for being so clumsy, she jabbed herself again with the pen. Nibs shook his head.
‘No. I’d have been a baby too, remember.’
‘Of course.’ said Wendy, ‘Sorry. Go on.’
‘It was a woman out walking her dog who found him. Probably the coppers would have taken him to the old Edgware Hospital while they tried to find the mother. Then, when that drew a blank, he’d have ended up in the nursery rooms at Grixhill.’ Nibs laughed for a moment. ‘When he was a bit older they told him that he’d fallen out of his pram in Kensington Gardens. I think he might actually have believed them for a while.’
Wendy smiled. It would be the sort of tale Peter would fall for.
‘Later on,’ said Nibs, ‘he was told the truth. I think that’s when his wild streak really started showing itself. As far as he was concerned he’d been rejected, y’see. He was mad at his mother. Mad at the world, actually.’
Wendy imposed on Nibs for only another ten or so minutes. She asked more generally about the local area, really just to try and whiten the colour of the lies that had brought him here. There had been so many lies along the way, and here, nearly eight years later, were more.
Eventually they both rose and shook hands.
‘Actually. Can I take I take a snap? Of this?’ Wendy nodded to the photograph on the table. Nibs nodded back.
‘He’s probably still in Australia now I think,’ said Nibs, pointing at Tootles, ‘if he’s still with us. And I heard that one of the twins died young. I’m not sure which. The other one joined the Met. This one,’ and Nibs poked a finger at another of the boys, ‘Slightly, this is. He became a brilliant thief. Best in London. There wasn’t a jewellery shop north of the river he missed. You could always tell when his girlfriends were around because of the noise from the rings and chains and necklaces they dragged with them. Straight out the windows they were.’
Nibs took back the photograph and after a tussle over who should pay the bill they said goodbye. Wendy watched Nibs weave a path through the tables. Just before he pulled open the door though he stopped and with a tilt of his head beckoned Wendy over.
‘If you want another decent story,’ said Nibs, ‘take a look at that odd business with the prams in 1961.’
‘More prams?’ said Wendy. 
Nibs shot her a half smile. ‘Yeah. Everyone’s forgotten about it. The winter after Grixhill closed down it happened. Check out the newspapers if you can find them. ‘Try,’ and Nibs took a moment to think, ‘try the London Evening Citizen and the Capital too. In maybe November and December ‘61. And the Jupiter as well. That’s another paper.’ Nibs nodded his head once: a full stop to it all.
Returning to the table for a moment, Wendy grabbed her pen and pad, and had Nibs repeat the names and dates of the newspapers. It was the first authentic piece of note-taking she’d engaged in that day.
From beyond the dragon of a coffee machine, the old face of a young kitchen porter appeared. She counted, to hurry time along, the cups upon the emptying tables. As the dishwashing machine completed its cycle, someone shouted about an overflowing grease trap. Then the same voice called on her for mops and buckets. Prone to drama, this was, she hoped, as close to Hell as she would get without actually dying.

53. Session #8: The Fourth Estate
Being a selected transcript of a session between client Wendy Darling and Claire Colebrooke of Impartial Listening.

Session date: 15th January 2024

ME: So, last time you were telling me that Mr N had referred to some newspaper reports he wanted you to read.
WD: That’s right. 
ME: And did you locate these?
WD: I did. He’d been kind of cryptic about the thing. Just odd words and dates. Clues, almost.
ME: He’d mentioned prams hadn’t he? And a year. It was 1961, I think? 
WD: It was.
ME: And last time we spoke you said you’d then gone on to find something out about a figure of the time. What was this figure called?

54. The Cradle Snatcher
April 2022 

Wendy’s research had been led by search terms like London prams 1961 and Prams mystery, London. But these had yielded either nonsense or photographs of women, and some comic depictions of men, pushing babies around the city. 
A visit to Spicerhill Library had also drawn a blank. But one of the librarians there had recommended Wendy visit the Euston Library. There, she was told, copies of newspapers from the late 1700s onwards had been scanned into an archive. And, no, said the librarian, appointments weren’t necessary. 
Wendy hopped off the Tube at Mornington Crescent. Thinking about Peter, and of the photograph Nibs had shown her, she’d missed the stop at Euston. It didn’t matter. The walk, she thought, might waken her up. Right now she felt detached and distant; as if occupying a different location from the crowds around her. When a bus roared over a plastic bottle, and it had cast a tremendous popping sound into the air, Wendy hadn’t even heard it. But around her, London had paused in fear, if only for a moment or two. Now, up ahead, emerged the beautiful and imposing white-stone building of the Euston Library. Waiting in its vaults was the year 1961 and whatever it had in store. 
Inside the library, a glass lift swished visitors to level three. There, bordered by luscious red ropes, a path led Wendy to the archive – the Memoria SD Cards Archive Centre to give it its sponsored name – and to the sharp peep of something electronic. It was the charm bracelet. It had set off the metal detector. Into a tray it went. 
Upon the walls of the centre were bolted billboard-sized rectangles of clear plastic. And on these panes were imposed vintage newspaper pages. As Wendy moved between fellow searchers, she read snippets of headlines, reports and advertisements: 
Nation awaits as Parliament meets this evening
Welcome 1953 with a dram of Tighnagreen Malt Whisky
War inevitable
The smart girl favours Frobisher’s 
Forever young with Cygnet moisturising cream
A brilliant flash of light... then fantastic devastation 
Soda siphons? Simply say Simpson’s. 
Calderwood’s Kettles. For boiled water in an instant.
A ticket from a machine had chosen for her terminal #26. She found the computer and sat down. In the neighbouring cubicle a man scribbled down notes about the Blitz. Sometimes he would whisper, with drawn-out vowels, snatches of information Casket Street… Anderson shelters... blackout... but Wendy was too immersed in her own research to let it become a distraction. 
Searching was a breeze, and Wendy quickly found what she was looking for. Nibs had been right. The business with the prams had certainly caused a stir.


The London Trumpeter, Friday November 17th 1961

CONSTABULARY PUZZLED BY STRANGE SPATE OF PRAM THEFTS

Police last night urged parents and nannies to exercise caution when leaving prams in public places. Stations across the city have recorded an unusually high reporting of thefts of the items. They advise that those in charge of prams be extra vigilant as it takes only a few seconds for one to be wheeled away. It is not known what is behind the sudden rise, although one theory is that the prams are being targeted for their scrap-metal value. 


The London Evening Citizen, Thursday November 23rd 1961

‘PRAM ROTTER LEFT MY CHILD ON KERB’ CLAIMS WOMAN

Yet another pram has been stolen in central London – but this time the carriage contained a child – writes Ralph Rutherford, Evening Citizen crime reporter.

MEDICINE

In a worrying development, the thief, who had previously targeted only empty prams, on this occasion lifted a sleeping girl from the pram and left her on the kerbside. The child’s mother, Mrs Marion Pope, told the Citizen ‘It’s a scandal. I popped in to Peabody’s to fetch medicine and found her sleeping on the kerb. Whoever’s doing this is a rotter. And my brolly went with it too.’

This latest incident, which occurred yesterday outside Peabody’s Dispensing Chemist in Triste Street, Stepney, brings the number of city prams recently reported stolen to seventeen. 


The Evening Jupiter, Friday December 1st 1961

PRAM PRANKSTER PENETRATES PALACE

But how on earth did he do it?

The grand old gates of Buckingham Palace are being kept a keen eye on after a prankster parked a pram in the centre of the east facade facing The Mall.
The crime has occurred against a puzzling spate of pram thefts which has recently emerged in and around the city. 
CONUNDRUM

Palace officials have made no comment, however, the Jupiter understands that an investigation is at this moment underway. The palace gates are, naturally, locked at all times. They are also guarded and, up until now, assumed to be the object of constant monitoring. The conundrum of why the offender has played the prank may well be eclipsed by the mystery of how he actually managed to manoeuvre himself and the pram beyond the gates in the first instance. 


The London Evening Citizen, Tuesday December 12th 1961

CATCH THE CRADLE SNATCHER

Arson development turns mystery darker and more dangerous.

Today the London Evening Citizen appeals to you, our loyal readers, to help apprehend the pram thief we are calling The Cradle Snatcher. 

Almost forty prams have been stolen throughout the city in just six short weeks. The guilty party’s actions though are now moving in a darker direction, and we at the Citizen say he must be caught – and stopped. 

PRAM SET ALIGHT

What began as simple theft has degenerated into arson, with one pram being set alight in a residential garden. The thefts have caused great distress to victims and we believe it is surely only a matter of time before a child comes to harm. Add to this also the audacity of installing a pram beyond the gates of Buckingham Palace, as happened earlier this month, and the urgent need to apprehend this criminal becomes obvious. 

So be vigilant – and should you spy either the thief himself, or if he should set another foul bonfire, telephone the police or fire brigade immediately. We at the Citizen will be doing our best to halt this crime and bring the perpetrator to justice. 


The Capital, Thursday December 14th 1961

NURSERY OUTFITTERS ROBBED. MYSTERIOUS ‘CRADLE SNATCHER’ FIGURE SUSPECTED

By Stanley Plummer – our man at the scene.

The large depository that holds the stock sold by the nursery equipment firm Nettles of London was last night the target of a daring theft. 

BOXES

Cartons of items including rattles, bibs and hats have been stolen from the premises on Commercial Street, Tower Hamlets. Despite the presence of a night watchman, a haul of at least a dozen huge boxes have disappeared, piling pressure on the company as it enters the busy festive sales period. 

Nettles is London’s largest supplier of nursery items, and has recently opened store number 17 in Kilburn. Although police cannot confirm a link between this robbery and the recent rise in pram thefts by the so-called Cradle Snatcher figure, it is a line of inquiry detectives are investigating. Anyone with information regarding this crime is asked to telephone their local police station. 


The London Evening Citizen Monday 18th December 1961

OUTRAGE AS BRITAIN’S HEROES RIDICULED

Bobble hat placed on Nelson’s head. Cradle Snatcher blamed. But biggest mystery is how he scaled the column!

A child’s woollen hat was yesterday spied by a tourist’s camera – and it was sitting pretty upon the stone head of Admiral Nelson. Quite how the joker managed to scale the 185-foot Trafalgar Square column is as big a mystery as his or her identity. 

PRANKS

But the story does not end there. The London Evening Citizen can report that a roll call of the great and the good have been similarly ridiculed in an overnight flurry of pranks which have baffled police and intrigued ordinary Londoners. 

The list of suspects is a short one: the criminal that your Evening Citizen has dubbed The Cradle Snatcher is thought to be to blame. Overnight, as well as the hat placed upon Nelson, the culprit has mocked figures from the worlds of royalty and medicine, as well as a further military hero:

A rattle: inserted into the hand of the statue of Queen Victoria in The Mall
A bib: tied around the neck of the Florence Nightingale statue in Westminster 
A nappy: fastened to the nether regions of the figure of Earl Haig at his memorial in Whitehall 

This latest episode is now being connected to the theft last week of nursery items – including those discovered on the statues – from the warehouse of nursery outfitters, Nettles of London.

IMPERTINENCE

What does it all mean? Psychologist, Anthony Cecil, spoke to the Citizen. ‘At its simplest, it is a show of impertinence. But if we look more deeply, it is perhaps a statement, on behalf of the perpetrator, that he – or she – can do anything to anyone, anywhere and at any time. 

‘Further to this, if we examine the targets, even for a second, we could reasonably conclude that the perpetrator is seeking to reject the normal rules our society is bound with. ‘He or she has reduced these great figureheads – of royalty, of military might and of compassion – to figures of fun. I think we are dealing with someone who lives beyond our society’s regulations – and indeed declines them all.’


The London Evening Citizen, Friday 22nd December 1961

DO YOU KNOW THE CRADLE SNATCHER?

Police engage your London Evening Citizen in asking public to suspect everyone.

A workmate. A schoolfriend. The man in the pub. In an effort to apprehend The Cradle Snatcher the police today have joined forces with the London Evening Citizen. Together we are urging our readers to ask serious questions about even your most trusted friends and associates. 

What to look out for:
The Cradle Snatcher may be hiding in plain sight. It’s probable that he or she is a Londoner.
The culprit is likely to be physically fit – perhaps someone who practices sport or is athletic.
It is thought the perpetrator acts alone. He or she appears to enjoy freedom of movement and is unlikely to have a family.

So be on your guard. Look closely at the movements of the people you know. Listen out for any slip-ups they may make. And if you suspect a friend or relative, do the right thing: contact your local police station at once. And then call your Evening Citizen on FLEet 1623.


The Morning Chronicle, Saturday 23rd December 1961

NO CHRISTMAS DOLLS FOR LONDON’S CHILDREN AS TRUCK EMPTIED OVERNIGHT

London’s children will go short of dolls and stuffed teddy bears this Christmas as a truck loaded with the items was emptied last night. 

The vehicle was parked overnight on the Relic Road, ready to supply the city’s shops with the toys. But at sun-up, the entire cargo of 2,000 pieces had vanished. Police admit that the crime carries all the hallmarks of the thief and prankster known as The Cradle Snatcher. 


The Capital Saturday 23rd December 1961

NANNIES’ CHRISTMAS KNEES-UP DISRUPTED AS CRADLE SNATCHER CAUSES A STINK

Mystery figure is number-one suspect say police.

The London branch of the General Unified Association of Nannies and Midwives was yesterday forced to abandon its Christmas party after a fetid stench invaded the host venue.
More than 500 attendees were witnessed rushing from the Shacklefield Hotel into Broxwell Street in an effort to escape from the odour – described as being similar to that of rotten eggs. 
GLASS FRAGMENTS

When the fug had cleared, Mr Terence Birtles, the hotel’s concierge, told the Capital that tiny fragments of glass – almost certainly vessels carrying the foul-smelling chemical – had been discovered close to the heating system serving the ballroom in which the party was to be held. Police say the vigilante known as The Cradle Snatcher is thought to be behind this latest incident. 


The Sunday Saturn, Sunday 24th December 1961

‘PSYCHIC’ ODDBALL SAYS ‘I’LL LEAD YOU TO THE CRADLE SNATCHER’

But police dismiss woman’s claims and repeat that public holds key.

A woman who insists she can help the police collar the criminal known as The Cradle Snatcher has been asked to leave the investigation to official authorities. 

LIGHTS AND BELLS

Caterina Volante, who is connected to the recently bankrupted Volante fairground family, maintains the figure, who steals prams and other nursery items, is a boy in his mid-teens. She told Saturn crime reporter Henry Winning ‘I see, when I attempt to visualise the thief, a boy, bright lights – and the sound of a ringing bell.’

But Inspector Charles Goston of the Metropolitan Police has countered ‘The only bells we want to hear in relation to this investigation are those of our station telephones. Should the public have solid information, please do telephone your local police station, or tell one of our officers in person. I don’t doubt Miss Volante’s eagerness to help us, but this is not an avenue we will be pursuing.’
FORTUNE-TELLING

The Volantes are well-known figures in London and the surrounding areas, and Caterina’s fortune-telling wagon attracted thousands of customers to the family’s fairs. They ceased their activities in the city, however, last year following the deaths of several family members, including head of the business, Umberto Volante. 


The London Evening Citizen, Tuesday 26th December 1961

PARK OFFICIALS BAFFLED AS DOLLS AND BEARS APPEAR OVERNIGHT IN KENSINGTON – BUT AT LEAST THE CHILDREN ARE HAPPY!

Bears, bears everywhere. Under bushes and bridges. Wedged into the hollows of trees – and hanging from their branches. 

Christmas-morning strollers who traced the shores of the Serpentine received a shock as the glass eyes of the toys peeped out from their hiding places. And, in the Serpentine itself, an armada of fifty or more prams floated downstream – each one stuffed with dolls.

Word spread quickly and before long teams of children had descended on Kensington Gardens, each one leaving with a doll or a bear and, let us be honest, in some cases both. The event left park keepers scratching their heads as they fished the prams from the water and assisted children in reaching the highest branches and hollows. 

PARAPHERNALIA

In a related development, a huge quantity of nursery paraphernalia including rattles, bibs, hats and boots has been left outside the doors of orphanages and children’s hospitals across London. The items are almost certainly those stolen from Nettles of London, the nursery outfitters whose depository is based in Tower Hamlets. 

That these incidents are the work of the thief and joker known as The Cradle Snatcher is in no doubt. For the past three months prams in the city have been disappearing at an alarming rate. And, before Christmas, a lorry was broken into and its huge stock of dolls and bears removed. As police invited parents to reclaim their prams it is hoped this is the last London will see of The Cradle Snatcher – even if he has turned out to be more Santa than Scrooge. 
Then Wendy typed Lost Boys Spicerhill into the search field. 
Nibs hadn’t exaggerated when he’d told her the Echo had welcomed the story. At least a dozen reports offered headlines like:

SPICERHILL’S LOST BOYS: READ THE EXCLUSIVE 
SPICERHILL ECHO LETTER

HANDWRITING EXPERT: ‘LETTER REVEALS THIS IS NO HOAX’

PARIS POLICE READY FOR ‘LES GARÇONS PERDUS’

And squeezing every last ounce from the tale, the Echo had finished its incessant reporting with a whopper of a lie:


The Spicerhill Echo, Wednesday October 28th 1959

FOUND BY THE ECHO! THE LOST BOYS’ SECRET PARIS PAINTING PLOT

Your Spicerhill Echo can today reveal exclusive new facts about the now-captured Lost Boys of Spicerhill – the seven children of the Grixhill House – who had sworn to steal the Mona Lisa and forever disappear. Sidney Pullman, our man in Paris, can confirm the boys planned to:

From atop the Eiffel Tower, observe, for a number of days, the Louvre Museum.

Impersonate museum cleaners – and so gain access to the priceless painting.

Make good their escape on a stolen boat, La Méduse, which they would have moored upon the Seine river.

Purchase an obscure island – and receive regular helicopter drops of rice pudding, sherbet lemons and comics including the Beezer, Beano and Dandy.

ECHO TRIUMPHANT

But it was not to be. Thanks to your Echo’s network of contacts, the gang was apprehended on the French mainland and immediately returned to the care of Grixhill House – a boys’ home which your Echo has supported for many years.

‘What. Utter. Rot.’ said Wendy out loud. And even the engrossed Mr Anderson Shelter next door looked across for a moment. 
Then Wendy returned to the pram business. 


London Life, September 1971

WHAT A CURIOUS TIME IT ALL WAS!

Continuing our Ten Years On series, London Life’s Anita Cranborne recalls The Cradle Snatcher – the forgotten joker who pinched prams, pranked nannies, mocked establishment figures – but in the end delivered for London’s kids. 

Vanishing prams, floating dolls and nannies on the run. It’s been a decade since The Cradle Snatcher’s pranks intrigued the city. But will this most puzzling mystery ever be solved? It’s unlikely now. 

A DRAMATIC NEW NAME

It began with a common-or-garden spate of thefts. Prams vanished across the city. The police were quick to notice the rise in this one fairly unusual crime – it wasn’t like someone nicking bicycles – and they asked the newspapers to help track the culprit down. What a gift for the press that was. Before long our perpetrator had his – or her – very own nickname. And what a dramatic one it was: The Cradle Snatcher.

Would ‘The Pram Pincher’ have been a more appropriate moniker? After all, around fifty prams were thought to have been stolen. But that title would have lacked emotional punch and failed to recognise the other crimes that this strange figure was behind. 

As well, you see, as stealing prams, The Cradle Snatcher seemed to be targeting all things-nursery. On Christmas Eve, for example, a festive get-together of more than 500 nannies and midwives was ruined by stink bombs. Add to this the swiping of a lorry-load of dolls and bears – each one destined for London’s most exclusive toyshops and department stores. But more about that later. 

HEROES HUMILIATED

For a while The Cradle Snatcher caught Londoners’ notoriously short-term attention. He or she, after all, was blamed for the very public instances of what the Evening Jupiter called ‘Heroic Humiliation’: the dressing-up of celebrated statues (of Queen Victoria, Florence Nightingale, Nelson and Earl Haig) in toddler togs like woolly hats, rattles and bibs. 

Beyond newspapers and magazine reports, TV and radio hacks discussed the events at length. Some made mischief by naming high-profile suspects like chat show host Binky Rogers and his sidekick Dendy Challis, teen singer Milly Plumstead and even a name who’s still in the public eye today, the then-recently-elected politician Nigel – now Sir Nigel – Brassington. 

Psychologists – of the professional and amateur variety – had their say. Depending on who you listened to, The Cradle Snatcher was: 

A deranged pram factory employee
A group of student jokers
A fiend who despised children
A disgruntled member of the royal family
‘The Russians’

THE CURSE OF ‘CRADLELAND’

Across London and beyond, it was reported, the young were silenced to bed with highly imaginative threats: if they were naughty, The Cradle Snatcher would enter their bedrooms via a nightmare – then whisk them away to the misery of Cradleland. There, where the wailing of infants filled the air like sirens, the brute would remove his victims’ hands and feet and replace them with the wheels from his stolen prams. It was the stuff of films – the Horror genre specifically – and, in fact, a movie of the events, starring rocking heartthrob Eddie Fame (of The Sockers pop group), was discussed at the time. But it failed to materialise. 

BELLS AND BRIGHT LIGHTS

It was a psychic though – and not a psychologist – who most caught my eye. Caterina Volante, who was part of London’s famous, but long-since disappeared, Volante fairground family had claimed her psychic powers would track The Cradle Snatcher down. 

But it was not to be. 

The police rejected her talk of a young boy being responsible. Of the ‘bright lights – and the sound of a ringing bell’ that her visions conjured up. For this article I attempted to track down Caterina Volante – but found she had died shortly after making her offer to help the police. 

A KENSINGTON CHRISTMAS

For a happier conclusion we return to the previously mentioned lorry theft. And to Christmas morning 1961. The location is Kensington Gardens – and let’s say it was snowing even if it wasn’t. In the hollows of trees, tangled in branches and concealed under bushes, stuffed bears peeked out. Children were enchanted and they plucked the toys from their hiding places. Park keepers helped out and a little girl squealed as a flotilla of dolls floated down the Serpentine. 

And what were they floating in? That’s right – a fleet of stolen prams. 

Elsewhere in the city, on the doorsteps of orphanages and children’s homes, boxes of nursery items – bibs and rattles, bobble hats and boots – were left. It was the haul from a recent robbery at now-disappeared nursery suppliers, Nettles of London: another crime that was pinned on The Cradle Snatcher. 

In the end, Nettles couldn’t risk the bad publicity that would come from demanding the property back. Almost all of the stolen prams were reunited with their owners, and the half-dozen or so that had vanished were replaced, amid terrific media coverage, by the Charrington firm of pram-makers.

And that was the end of The Cradle Snatcher. 

Or was it? 

A CURIOUS CONCLUSION

There is one final twist. And it is a bitter one. In a garden, in leafy Spicerhill, a solitary pram – mercifully unoccupied – was found ablaze one morning in December. The incident resulted, thankfully, in only scorched grass and a slightly charred cherry tree. Coincidence? The owners of the property in question refused all invitations to comment. Given the sweetness that closed this curious, curious time, it merely deepens – as if it isn’t deep enough already – the mystery of London’s Cradle Snatcher. 

55. Session #10: Blood Flower
Being a selected transcript of a session between client Wendy Darling and Claire Colebrooke of Impartial Listening.

Session date: February 1st 2024

ME: So, who do you suspect?
WD: Well, it’s obvious, isn’t it?
ME: You think it was Peter?
WD: Of course. Look at the photocopies I gave you. Didn’t you read them?
ME: I did. 
WD: The Caterina Volante incident alone is evidence enough. She actually conjures him up, hears Tink’s bell. Then suddenly she dies? Come on.
ME: It’s compelling. I can see how you could make that connection. 
WD: You don’t agree?
ME: It’s not my job to agree. Or disagree. 
WD: Did you see the one about the garden? 
ME: The garden?
WD: My grandparents’ garden. Our garden now. 
ME: Of course. Sorry.
WD: And that doesn’t convince you? 
ME: I think it’d be helpful if you remembered I’m not here to be convinced or to believe or not believe. I’m here to listen. Impartially.
WD: But if I pushed you for an opinion?
ME: That’s not what I’m here for. I’m sorry. 

56. The Cherrybomb
April 2022

The Spicerhill Echo, Tuesday 12th December 1961

HIDEOUS PRAM PRANK – SPICERHILL TARGETED

The criminal known as The Cradle Snatcher has descended on Spicerhill.

It seems the thief, who has earned his name due to his practice of stealing prams across the city, last night set fire to a pram in the garden of number 14 Lilybank Road. Resident Beatrice Pemberton and her husband, Brendan, were able to douse the flames with pans of water, although the fire brigade did attend some minutes later. The pram, thankfully unoccupied by the couple’s baby daughter, was destroyed in the incident, however a cherry tree and an area of lawn were scorched. It is not known if the address had been targeted specifically. 

Police have asked the residents of Spicerhill to be on their guard, and to report any suspicious activity to the Spicerhill police station.

***

At Sloane Square station, Wendy’s train had moved not one inch for two minutes. A voice had advised that the driver was unwell, and that a replacement was on the way. The usual tutting, swearing and jabbing of phone screens had followed. Wendy closed her eyes. The blue light. The burning pram in the garden. And now, she remembered, those curious discs of iron embedded in her bedroom windowsill; sanded each one, to sit flush with the stone. A dreadful picture was emerging. To complete it, Wendy had, once more, to speak with Nibs. 
The carriages began to fill. They always did during delays. Wendy grabbed from a pocket her inhaler and felt relief from the puff. At its sharp hissing sound, a man stared. Then a woman lifted her eyes from her lap. Wendy glared at them, then immediately felt bad. But it wasn’t as if she was sat there doing her lipstick. For a moment she longed, Wendy, for a diversion: some dramatic event at the other end of the carriage. Someone falling to the floor from a heart attack. OK, not that, but something: another announcement, or an argument, or for the baby across the way to drop her bottle. Where were those bloody carriage buskers when you needed them? The woman’s eyes, though, quickly returned to the free magazine resting on her knees. The man? He got the message and scanned, instead, the ads and maps lining the upper half of the carriage. It was at this point that Wendy noticed it was gone. Peter’s charm bracelet. She had left it back at the library. In the security guard’s tray.
Automatically she gathered her printouts and rose. But then quickly she sat down again. She’d return for it tomorrow. A man opposite – a different man – looked up from the sports pages. But only for a moment. She had a headache, Wendy, and wished people would mind their own business. 
The train’s doors slid closed and it picked up speed. Right now, Wendy was glad to leave the trinket where it was. Leave it there amid puzzle pages and rewards for lost cats, small steps for men and giant leaps for mankind.

57. Session #12: Don’t Make Fun of Me Later
Being a selected transcript of a session between client Wendy Darling and Claire Colebrooke of Impartial Listening.

Session date: 15th February 2024

ME: And now you’re back at university. 
WD: Now I’m back at university. 
ME: And how is that going? 
WD: Good. Same two flatmates. But they’re both a year ahead of me now.
ME: How did you explain your year away?
WD: I’d just said I needed a year out. That university was overwhelming me. That kind of thing. It’s quite common, actually. It’s what I told my mum too.
ME: So, you’ve said nothing, to your mum, about Peter?
WD: No. She’s kind of recovering from something at the moment. They’d found a lump and she had to be in hospital. She’s OK now though.
ME: That’s good to hear.
WD: Yeah. I don’t want to bring this into the mix right now. Maybe much later.
ME: And your flatmates? 
 WD: They got someone in for a year. Someone who was doing their dissertation. Once I’d painted the room and got a new mattress and desk you wouldn’t even have known she’d been there at all. 
ME: Ah. That kind of flatmate. I actually meant have you told them anything about Peter? Or mentioned the fairground?
WD: Oh. Sorry. No. And I won’t. 
ME: Why not?
WD: That’s what people like you are for.
ME: It might help.
WD: No. Not right now anyway. OK, I kind of did. But I kind of didn’t.
ME: Tell me more.
WD: I will. But don’t make fun of me later.

58. The Coven
October 2023

Between lectures, Wendy had collected the thing from the sorting office. Now the Ouija board was pulled carefully from its envelope, and then from taped-up sheets of bubblewrap. The planchette – the board’s little heart-shaped pointing device – bounced out onto the laminate.
‘Nice design.’ said Lauren. Upon the board, alongside the alphabet and the numbers 0 to 9, were stamped the words
YES
NO 
HELLO
GOODBYE
GO AWAY
Above the numerals and letters: illustrations of the sun and the moon. And in both bottom corners: a ‘50s-style drawing of a thrilling séance in action.
‘Made from MDF.’ said Molly. ‘Like the coffee table. 
‘Unlike the coffee table, nicely varnished though.’ said Wendy. ‘And far more effective at contacting the dead, I’m sure.’
Lauren turned the board around and read from a sticker on its base. 
‘Lovingly hand-crafted in Borley, Essex, England by Claire Voyance. That’s weird isn’t it, how she has that name and she ends up making Ouija boards.’
‘Yeah.’ said Wendy, entirely unsure if her friend was being serious, ‘Remarkable coincidence.’
‘Should we turn out the lights?’ asked Lauren.
‘Definitely. I’ll stick some candles on too.’ said Wendy, ‘It seems like the kind of thing we should do.’
Molly, although less keen on the entire affair, collected up books and mugs from the coffee table and crammed them into the shelf below. 
‘We should put them in the kitchen, actually.’ said Wendy, nodding to the mobiles Molly had left on the table. ‘The fewer gadgets around the better. It makes for a less-cluttered atmosphere.’ 
‘A less-cluttered atmosphere?’ said Molly.
‘Well, that’s what I read.’
‘A less-cluttered coffee table, maybe.’ And although unconvinced, Molly gathered the phones and took them away.
Glasgow’s weather joined the candles and an incense stick of Wendy’s in providing a charged atmosphere. Thunder was too much to hope for, but autumn wind and rain helped things along nicely. The breeze rattled the lanky wooden window frames, and big splodges of rain thudded on the single glazing. 
‘OK, we need to make a circle with our hands.’ said Wendy, ‘like this.’ She held up the little instruction sheet from inside the parcel. 
‘Ready?’ said Wendy. The two women nodded. Then, with one eye on the sheet, and feeling more nervous than she’d expected to, Wendy began.
‘Spirits of the post, move among us.’
‘Post?’ whispered Lauren. ‘Past, surely. Past. Spirits of the past.’
They broke the circle as Wendy quickly read through the instruction sheet.
‘Yeah. Past. It’s really badly written, this thing. Whack that pen over, will you?’
Wendy flattened the instructions out on the table and traced each line with her finger. ‘Do you wash to speak with us? Well, that should be wish to speak with us. Obviously.’
‘Any more?’ said Molly.
‘Let’s see. Yeah. Here’s one. ‘We gather together to be in your presents.’
‘Presence.’ said Lauren. 
‘Yup. Presence. Presents.’ said Wendy, ‘Imagine that.’ and she scribbled out the offending word. ‘They really ought to sort this. Anyway. Let’s do the circle again.’ 
The three made the shape once more, and Wendy closed her eyes. 
‘Spirits of the past, move among us. Be guided…’
‘I mean, it could be post,’ said Molly, ‘if it was like a postman you were trying to contact. Or someone who worked in the sorting office.’
Lauren began giggling, and this set Molly off too. 
Wendy opened one eye. ‘You said you wouldn’t laugh.’
‘Sorry.’ said Lauren. ‘I’m just a bit jumpy. Go again.’
The three formed the circle. Wendy composed herself.
‘Spirits of the past, move among us. Be guided by the light of this world and visit upon us.’
They sat for a few moments in silence. And precisely nothing happened.
‘I’m going to try the planchette.’ said Wendy softly. She rested a finger gently on the device. ‘OK, Molly. You start.’
‘Why should I start?’ said Molly, and she folded her arms tightly, ‘I don’t like this much.’
‘Look,’ said Wendy, ‘the minimum we need is three people. Lauren?’
‘OK. I’ll go. Do I just speak normally?’ Wendy nodded. They regrouped. Then, feeling a bit daft, Lauren said ‘Aunt Marie. Are you there?’
‘Bit more.’ said Wendy. 
‘Aunt Marie. If you’re there…’
‘Can you make yourself known?’ whispered Wendy.
‘Can you make yourself known?’ said Lauren, a bit irritated. 
The three young women concentrated on the planchette. It was difficult, this, thought Wendy. She wanted it to whizz across the board of course, to pull at her hand and circle the word YES. Wendy tried to empty her mind, detach from the thing and let it do the work, but the gadget moved not one inch.
‘OK.’ said Wendy, ‘Molly, how about you?’
‘I’m not that cool with this. It’s scary. You shouldn’t have started it. My uncle’s a priest.’
‘Is he dead?’ said Wendy brightly.
‘No. He’s a priest and he’s alive and he’d kill me if he knew what I was up to. So would my mum.’
Fearing the entire affair was in danger, Wendy quickly stepped up. ‘Right, I’ll try. And then we can pack it in. Is that OK?’
Molly nodded. Wendy again rested her finger on the planchette. And then she leant closer in, ensuring a trinket from the charm bracelet made contact with the board.
 ‘I’m looking for Peter.’ whispered Wendy, ‘Peter, are you out there? If you are, make yourself known.’
‘Who’s Peter?’ asked Lauren quietly.
‘My cousin.’ lied Wendy. ‘Died young.’ Wendy stared at the planchette. The problem, she soon realised, was that the urge to move the thing, and the urge to not cheat; to watch it travel the board by itself, kind of collided and you ended up with a sort of stalemate. 
‘Peter, can you hear me? If you can, give me a sign.’
He hadn’t meant to do it. But when the delivery guy, a huge, oblong thermo pack strapped to his back, climbed the seven steps and pushed the intercom bell of Wendy’s flat, his timing had been impeccable. As the dull buzz sounded in the hall, Molly screamed. Wendy whacked her knee off the coffee table. Lauren spilled cider on the rug. And the man in the flat above thumped on his floor and their ceiling.
‘It’s just the curry.’ said Lauren, ‘I’ll go.’ And before she left the room she snapped the main light on. Molly blew out the candles.
The whole Ouija board episode had left a slightly sour atmosphere and across the kitchen table Wendy apologised, especially to Molly, over balti, rice and Indian beer. 
‘I’ll chuck it out.’ said Wendy, although she had no intention of doing any such thing. 
‘You don’t need to chuck it out,’ said Molly, ‘but maybe just keep it in your room. In a drawer, if possible. One with a lock, maybe.’
After dinner, Lauren, the only one of the three who could reach the dessert bowls without a chair, said ‘Why don’t you move that thing now, whilst she’s in the bathroom?’
‘Yeah. Good call.’ said Wendy. Then Lauren began the futile search for three matching teaspoons. 
‘Very funny, guys.’ called out Wendy from the living room.
‘What’s very funny, guys?’ said Molly. As usual, she had left the bathroom light on.
‘This.’ Molly idled over to where Wendy was stood, pointing at the Ouija board. 
‘What?’ said Molly. 
‘What’s going on?’ said Lauren, ‘Your bowls are in the kitchen by the way.’
‘This.’ said Wendy again. ‘This. This.’ And she jabbed a finger at the planchette. The women stared at the thing and saw that it was now encircling the command GO AWAY. 
Next, Blaise, a rat that, unbeknownst to the landlord, Lauren kept, reared up inside the aquarium below the bookshelf and began scratching at the glass.
‘Seriously, Wendy.’ said Molly, and she pointed to the board, ‘I want that thing out of this house. And I mean tonight. Right now.’
‘I swear to God I didn’t touch it.’ said Lauren. Then she checked on Blaise, who continued jabbing at the glass. ‘I couldn’t have. I was in the kitchen all the time.’
‘You weren’t, though,’ said Wendy to Molly. ‘You’ve just been for a pee. Allegedly.’
‘How do we know you didn’t move it just now?’ said Lauren.
‘Because I didn’t.’ snapped Wendy.
‘Out with that thing.’ said Molly, ‘Right now.’
So into the huge blue bin across the way went the board. It might at least, thought Wendy, give the people on the recycling lines something to talk about. And when she returned to her flatmates not even the Star of India’s excellent lime and coconut sorbet could rescue the mood.
That night, all three had gone to bed with the lights kept on. And each creak of the old house had made each heart beat just a little faster. As she tried to sleep, Wendy apologised to Beatrice, her long-dead gran on her mum’s side. From what Wendy had been told of Beatrice – a woman who had swept the altar and arranged the flowers of Saint Simon’s, Spicerhill for more than forty years – she wouldn’t have approved of the séance at all. In fact she would have called it diabolism: the Devil’s work. Nor would she have thanked Wendy for her next expedition into the occult.
That had happened back in London. Wendy had replied to an advert spotted in her mother’s stash of ancient Barnes’ Original Almanacs. 
Alongside tide tables, the times of sunset and sunrise, and notable anniversaries, Barnes’ was famous for the advertisements it published. For sixty pence, a purse-sized pixie, crafted from sterling silver, would bring riches. A pouch of crystals? They attracted kinetic forces and warded off evil intentions. And a pyramid ring – a scale replica of the Great Pyramid of Giza – delivered to the wearer biomagnetic energy for capturing other people’s auras. 
One tiny advert in particular caught Wendy’s eye, though. It offered a booklet for Successfully contacting the deceased. But so old was the ad – it called for a 45p postal order – that to send for the thing now would be futile. More promising was the advert on the next page. This had made Wendy aware of the British Psychical Research Foundation. And when an internet search revealed the organisation still existed, Wendy had taken to calling it. General advice on contacting the dead, she’d told the lady she was after. But the half-dozen or so conversations had exhausted the foundation’s patience. And eventually, when Wendy’s mobile number flashed up on the system, they’d stopped picking up the phone. The girl’s subsequent query-filled messages were never responded to and on the occasions when well-meaning volunteer-receptionists had let her through, Wendy would be kept on hold, with only Beethoven’s Ode to Joy for company.
Undeterred, in the October break she had shown up at the foundation’s headquarters in Billingham Circus. But there the receptionist had clearly been warned about the insistent young woman and her incessant questions. Across an internal phone line Wendy had heard a voice fizz ‘For heaven’s sake tell her I’m in a meeting’. Wendy had left, therefore, only with a leaflet urging her to become a Friend of the Foundation.

59. Joining the Dots
April 2022

For £2.50 Nibs’ telephone number was sent directly to Wendy’s phone. Nobody had picked up that afternoon, but in the early evening she’d gotten hold of him. She’d asked if she could stop by for a moment sometime this week. She had a small gift for him. For being so kind with his time. Would tomorrow suit? Yes. Tomorrow would be perfect. 
Revlington Road was the sort where bank holidays smelled of creosote and freshly mown lawns. Here, even if alone and indoors, householders observed silences for tragedies. Things like the queen’s birthday remained A Big Deal. Bins were dutifully put out the evening prior to collection day. And then they were wheeled from the kerb and hosed down before the truck had even left the district. On Revlington Road, residents would rather not send a card at all than send it missing a postcode. It was a street in which families lived a clean, honest life then died neatly, and in order of age.
Number 17 stood at the far end, opposite a row of lock-up garages. When pressed, Nibs’ doorbell played a short chiming burst of the nursery rhyme Row, Row, Your Boat. Despite herself, Wendy couldn’t help but quietly sing the words.
Row, row, row your boat,
Gently down the stream.
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily,
Life is but a dream.
When Nibs opened the door, Wendy pointed to the terracotta pot on the path. It had fallen the short distance from the sill above. ‘That damn cat again.’ said Nibs, and he looked one way up the street and then the other. Wendy began picking up the shards of pottery, but Nibs shooed her away. She lifted the geranium though, and its heavy clod of earth. Then she put it to the wall and swept, with her foot, the whole sorry mess to the side. 
‘I got you this,’ said Wendy, and she handed to Nibs a bottle of wine, ‘just to say thanks.’
Nibs had insisted she come in off the doorstep. Now she stood in his small living room. Nibs flicked his glasses on and studied the bottle’s label.
‘Perfect with pizza, pasta or can be enjoyed on its own at any time.’
Wendy blushed. Was that shorthand for it’s a cheap one? She had chosen it, if she was honest, because of the design – of a lone parasol pine beneath an orange splodge of a sun – 
on the label. The selection in the little shop down the road hadn’t been great. Nibs seemed pleased enough though. 
‘That was good of you. But there was no need.’
Wendy smiled. She felt a tiny sting on the tip of her finger and saw that she’d cut it on the plant pot. But she kept it hidden from Nibs. Why make a fuss? He motioned her into an armchair. She looked around the room. In a display case, photographs recounted decades: an unmistakable Nibs and his presumably late wife, years ago, on a beach. Other people’s weddings and christenings. Christmases and graduations. Then she saw, Wendy, numerous boxes of pills stacked up neatly on a sideboard. Labels on the boxes bore Nibs’ name, alongside dosage instructions and tongue-twisting brand names. Next to these also was a plastic pill box. This was sectioned into seven rows – one for each day in the week – and further divided into snug little compartments in which different pills and capsules sat. Wendy got the message, but said nothing. And Nibs, observing the penny dropping (the whole thing had taken a couple of seconds at most) also stayed silent. She had declined tea, this tenacious young woman, and seemed restless. He knew she was likely after more information. 
Between them, on a TV, an old black-and-white film was on. Some comedy about a station master. Nibs lowered the volume to a whisper and they chatted about Wendy’s Spicerhill Stories project – necessitating some on-the-spot lies that Nibs barely believed – before moving on to the weather, the rise in strikes, and about how the prime minister couldn’t possibly last another week. And when Wendy bullied the talk towards The Cradle Snatcher, Nibs put it all down to ‘Anarchists. Or students, possibly.’
It seemed to Wendy that, the world over, students were forever doomed to be blamed for something or other. Chinese astronauts had recently lost contact with earth. In simple terms, their rocket, Pangu, had gone missing. It was all over the day’s news. Perhaps they’d find a way to blame students for that too. 
‘Well, if it’s definitely not students,’ said Nibs, teasing, ‘maybe it’s aliens. Ever heard of the Drake Equation?’
Wendy hadn’t, so Nibs explained that it offered a way to estimate the number of potential civilisations in our galaxy. ‘It’s arrogant,’ he said, ‘to think we’re the only ones out there.’ And then, perhaps contemplating his own imminent mortality, he said ‘There must be something else. Surely.’ Wendy, recognising this, told him she was sure that there was.
A clock somewhere in the house struck four and Wendy rose. She really must be going, she said. At the doorstep she milled around and bought time by remarking on Nibs’ garden. That currency, though, eventually ran out and she was forced to make her move.
‘I think you said you’d met that boy – Peter wasn’t it – you’d met his mother. When she came back for him. What was she like? Did you speak with her?’ The queries tumbled out of Wendy’s mouth and she felt like she was making no sense. Despite this, she had taken a step towards the garden gate and tried to make her questions sound like some throwaway aside. 
Nibs smiled. She was up to something, this Wendy. Definitely, he thought, a journalist. Spicerhill Stories indeed. Wendy watched him corralling, with his foot, leaves and twigs into a bundle.
‘Did you, then? Did you speak with her?’
Nibs swept the bundle to the side. But he said nothing.
‘Look, the Spicerhill Stories thing.’ said Wendy, ‘I’ve not been totally honest with you. And I’m sorry about that. It’s just – she might be known to me, Peter’s mother. Known to my family, I mean. And, if there’s anything you could tell me we’d be really grateful.’ She was about to, Wendy, staple to the thing some rubbish about the research of family trees. But then Nibs spoke. 
‘I knew you were up to something. Get my name from the records at Grixhill? Supposed to be confidential that kind of stuff.’
Wendy was happy to let the assumption do its work.
‘I’m sorry. I should have been straight with you at the start.’
Nibs shrugged though. ‘Doesn’t much matter now, anyway.’
Wendy looked at her shoes. 
‘Remember I told you about the little orchard at Grixhill?’ said Nibs. 
‘The one at the back? You all dashed across it when you ran away?’
‘That’s the one. Well, us boys would sometimes get to help the gardener. Collecting apples. Raking up grass trimmings. Little jobs like that. One time, must have been when I was only about seven, I was weeding the beds below the office. The window was open. And a woman was speaking to the head man at Grixhill.’

60. Just a Girl, She Said
1951

Mr Victor Gould pinched the bridge of his nose and screwed his eyes up tightly. Then he put his spectacles back on, obscuring with his thumb the sticking plaster fastening the left arm to the frame. This appointment had galloped way past the twenty or so minutes he’d privately estimated. Privately hoped for. But even if the full eighteen holes over at Ellisfield Grove couldn’t be done, he’d surely have time for a niner. 
‘Nobody doubts your intentions. Or your sincerity. But the fact remains that the boy simply does not wish to enter the family home.’ If he’d been rather too blunt, Gould, he was glad of the sturdy, cluttered desk that separated himself from the woman now rising from the seat opposite.
‘But this is outrageous. He’s a child. He’s a child and doesn’t know his own mind. Doesn’t know what’s best for him and may I say, Mr Gould, that he may not be the only one in this establishment currently guilty of that flaw.’
‘My hands are tied.’ said Gould flatly. 
‘With red tape of your own making.’
‘With rules and procedures.’ Gould’s voice had risen in frustration, but only for a moment. The woman stepped back into her seat.
‘With rules and procedures,’ he said calmly, ‘that I don’t, to be frank, respect, but rules and procedures I am nevertheless bound by and must uphold.’
Gould had hoped this latest delivery would bring an end to the thing, at least for this afternoon. It was a glorious day and he really did long to be out on the course. The woman, though, rose once more. She approached Gould’s desk. 
‘But I was just a girl.’ she said. Then, embarrassed, and annoyed at having to even go there, she whispered ‘Barely fifteen years old. What could I know? Where could I go? You must be able to intervene.’
Gould, who despite his desire for sport that day, genuinely was on the woman’s side, clasped his hands together. 
‘You know the recommendation I made is only that: a recommendation. It’s not an edict.’
‘But you have authority.’ said the woman. Gould, though, cut her off.
‘It’s not an edict.’ he repeated. ‘Not an order which must be obeyed. I happen to agree with you,’ and as he continued, he also lowered his voice, ‘that the best place for a child is in the family home. Those above me, in this particular case, disagree. And, as difficult as it is to say it, I am obliged to report, once more, that the boy knows the facts, knows the story of his very formative years and wishes to remain in our care.’
‘And that’s that?’
‘Look, I can’t make the boy want to join yourself and your husband. If I could, I would. I’m actually bloody furious to be put in this position at all.’
Gould’s position, though, held little fascination for the woman in question. She picked up her coat and hat and closed, softly, the office door behind her. She even thanked Gould for his time. 
Gould then shot the worst half-round of his entire golfing career.

61. Angel in the Snow
April 2022

‘And then what happened?’ asked Wendy. She realised her hands were tightly balled up into fists. She released them and tried to look calm. 
‘Well I certainly never saw her again.’ said Nibs, ‘But that doesn’t mean she never tried her luck again, of course. But he was stubborn, was Peter. If us boys were talking about parents – and we did that a lot, especially as we got older – he would just shrug and make a face. He’d say Don’t want a mother anyway. You boys are my family. But sometimes at night I’d hear him crying.’
It was those last few words that really got to Wendy. Her eyes were burning, but she managed to carry on. 
‘It’s so very sad.’
‘It was. For Peter. And for his mum, of course. Like I said in the café, she was just a girl herself at the time. Thankfully, things are done differently now.’
‘You didn’t catch her name did you?’ Again, Wendy threw the query away without a care. But right now it was the most important thing in the world to her. If Nibs was wise to her technique he didn’t show it. 
‘Her name?’ and here Nibs paused and searched the air, ‘That gardener was a right gossip. And he did tell me. Loved being first with the news he did. Let me think.’
Wendy watched Nibs as he scowled and frowned and mumbled to himself. Her fists, clenched once again, urged him on. But she felt powerless. Once, when she was much smaller, she’d stolen a match from the votive candle display at Saint Simon’s. And there in the church she’d lit the thing and held it between her fingers. She’d twisted it, the matchstick, and kept a hold of it until it had burned from top to tail. If she could do it, she’d told herself, poor Olivia Beeston from her primary school – run over by the ice cream van, the one with those dreadful, cross-eyed illustrations – would get out of hospital OK. And she’d managed it, Wendy, despite the flame. And the girl had walked again. But right now, in Nibs’ neat little garden, what could the sacrifice be? And did there even have to be an exchange of pain? Is that how these things worked? 
Please, thought Wendy now, please remember. Please snap your fingers or smile or point and say ‘got it’. And if it is, it is. And if it’s not, it’s not. But please don’t just say you can’t remember. 
‘Pemberton.’ said Nibs at last. And, as if a lever in some mysterious place had been pulled, the passing of time returned to normal. But only for a moment. ‘She was called Beatrice Pemberton.’
On hearing the words, Wendy’s arms folded tightly against her chest. She battled against the dryness invading her throat, and against the horrible, inescapable sinking in her stomach. Nibs’ mouth was opening and closing, but what he was saying – ‘A shame they didn’t let her take Peter away – he’d be alive, most probably, right now. It’s a damn scandal when you think about it. And he blamed her all along’ – Wendy didn’t hear. What she had heard, you see, was the name of Mrs Darling’s mother. Wendy’s grandmother. And that had muted all else. 
Realising that she was hugging herself hard, Wendy let her arms fall, as naturally as possible, to her sides.
‘Relation?’ said Nibs, and he swatted a flying something-or-other away.
‘False alarm.’ lied Wendy.
Two words were all she could manage.

***

That afternoon Wendy somehow made it back to Lilybank Road, and to the soft armour of a duvet. The little cut in her finger had opened up and she tightened her hand into a sticky scarlet ball. Had it too been the work of the boy, that broken plant pot? 
Before exhaustion pulled her down entirely, Wendy found a few moments to think.
There had been that recent business with the Castor Hunt. 
At their annual ball, just last year, that kennel man, Julian Thorne, had been poisoned. Thorne and three others. Black Bryony berries had done it; berries from the countryside the hunt galloped across. Berries like those that Peter loaded jars and spears with. 
Wendy had once told the boy of her disgust at the hunt. About how they pretended to chase artificial scents. Drag-hunting they called it. But nobody bought that story. Now, Wendy recalled that she’d shown Peter the man’s photograph. And read to him the reports. And from these, the boy had said his name. Said it a couple of times. It was in the Penny Palace. On the day they’d mucked around with that grabbing machine. Was the poisoning a demonstration of his power? Was he impressing her? Warning her? The cook had gotten the blame and had been jailed. A whole-life term. No hope of release. 
And what of… what was her name?... Melinda Bechman, the so-called ‘extreme huntress’ from America? She’d flown into London not so long ago and had made a huge media splash of killing deer in Epping Forest. But she’d ended her days there too, speared through the head by one of her own crossbow bolts. Suspicious death of shameless, self-promoting savage leaves world a slightly safer place for wild animals as one newspaper had put it. She remembered, now, Wendy, of having mentioned her to Peter too; of joking about installing her where the targets sat in Neverland’s shooting range.
Now, more incidents and annoyances came back to her. Laundry stolen from the line at No. 14. Plants pulled up from the garden. Nana, sat stock-still at the lounge window, staring out for hours at something no one else could see. And, during the notorious winter of 2017, the snow angels that for a month and two days had carpeted the Darling’s back lawn. 
The family had taken it in turns to catch the culprit. Several times Wendy herself had crammed on caffeine pills and kept watch from her post by the kitchen window, her faithful little radio buzzing and whistling on the sill. She’d marked time by the chimes from the awful clock in the hall. The one that everyone pretended to like, but that everyone, secretly, despised. No one ever saw a soul though. Not even Nana. Yet, in the morning, there they would be, the angels, imprinted on the snow.
And what about the line of friends – not even boyfriends – who’d suffered misfortunes: faulty brakes and falling masonry, a stabbing at a gig and, in the baths at Brittlefield, a near-drowning. Then there was the fire at Foxtrot. Caused, it had been said, by the perished flex of an iron. But now Wendy wasn’t so sure. Or how about last summer when she swore she’d felt hands on the small of her back? Just as the train whooshed into Spicerhill station it had happened. If it had happened. Perhaps, she thought, she’d now put Nibs in danger too. And what of Hook? Had the boy, restless and raging, tracked him down and finished him off?
Finally, there was Beatrice herself. Wendy’s grandmother had died, years and years ago, after a fall on the stairs at No. 14. She had to believe it had happened without the boy’s intervention. The alternative was just too much to contemplate.
They were rampant right now, these thoughts and theories. But one by one even the tightest and most complicated knots were already loosening. The boy was not a fixture suitable for ex-children and he would be pulled from Wendy’s memory before she’d even graduated. 
And aside from never-remembered dreams, Peter, his dog and their domain would become lost to her forever.

62. Apron Strings 
October 1975

Mary Pemberton sat in the shelter of the cherry tree. Below her: a grassless patch of earth. Above: the on-off droning of a drill. It had been annoying her quarter of Spicerhill for a good half hour now. Adjusting the radio’s volume in regular increments, Mary had been trying to filter out the racket. But it was hopeless. Singing at their max, and clamped tightly to her ear, not even John Denver or Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel, or Glen Campbell and his Rhinestone Cowboy, won the day. 
She shifted, Mary, to the left, and stretched the pins and needles from her leg. And when that bible of a Reader’s Digest DIY manual fell from the windowsill she took the hint. Rising, Mary coughed as particles of stone settled in her throat. Then she lifted the great book – so formidable that it was sold with a spine-attached handle – and made for the door. 
‘That almost knocked my block off.’ said Mary, and she dropped the manual onto her bed. It bounced once, then settled. Beatrice put the drill bit to the sill and again the appalling screech of metal on stone engulfed the room for a few seconds.
‘I did give you a shout.’ said Beatrice. Then she nodded to the transistor looped around her daughter’s wrist. ‘But perhaps you couldn’t hear it over that damn thing.’
‘Or that damn thing,’ said Mary, and she motioned to the drill in Beatrice’s hand. Three holes had been made in the base of the sill. In line with these, three more had been drilled into the window’s head jamb. Nearby lay three stout iron rods. These had been delivered by Martin’s, on the Spicerhill High Street. Next to these, on sheets of newspaper, sat a bucket. Beatrice had already begun mixing the cement that would secure the bars in the holes. 
‘Can’t you get dad to do this?’ Mary rested the manual on the floor and poked a hole in the cement mix.
‘I want it done today. Not at some point in the future. And stop mucking about with that. It’s not Plasticine.’
‘You don’t think you’re overdoing it a bit?’ said Mary. She wiped cement from her finger and onto the edge of the bucket. ‘He was only a boy after all. And all he did was take a fancy to me. Someone had to. At some point.’
‘Meddling with lights? Dragging you across the district?’ said Beatrice. ‘Skipping school? Midnight feasts and campfires? And don’t get me started about him carving your name in the tree and knocking on the window. I expect he thought it romantic. Well, I don’t. And nor should you. So no, I don’t think I’m overdoing it.’
Beatrice lifted one of the rods. Checking her calculations, she held it across the open window. Then, bending beneath the open frame, she slotted one end into the hole, twisting it until its tip disappeared into the stone. Next, pushing the bar further in, Beatrice slid the base of the rod over the sill – it scraped the surface, but just about made it - and popped it into the opposing hole. Against the autumn sunshine the metal cast a shadow across the room, finally resting in a fuzzy vertical strip across a poster of a band clad in tartan. 
Mary approached the window and gave the rod a shake. ‘It’s probably illegal, this, you know. Imagine there was a fire.’ Specks of stone drifted to the sill.
‘Careful.’ said Beatrice. ‘Don’t make the holes any wider.’ Mary tapped the thing. Already it was obscuring her view. Then she wondered whether the bars were there to keep her from climbing down the cherry tree, or the boy from scuttling up it.
‘Both.’ her mother said.
‘It’s going to be really embarrassing if Denise or Patricia visit and see it.’ 
‘Oh, pay no mind to them. Anyway, Patricia looks like Rod Stewart, so she can hardly mock. And Denise? With all that mascara gumming up her eyes I’m amazed she can see anything at all. Besides, it’s only for a little while. Only until you’re a bit older.’
‘But what will I say to them? They’re going to ask. Then it’ll go all round the school, I know it will.’
‘Burglars.’ said Beatrice. ‘Just tell them we had a break-in and your daft mum’s insisted. It’s not so far from the truth, actually.’ 
She stole, Beatrice, a glance at that bare patch below the cherry tree. Then quickly she lifted the next rod and put it to the stone. 
‘You’ll forget all about this boy soon enough. I mean, have you looked at yourself lately? Way too old to be playing silly games with silly boys. Soon you’ll be changing. All grown up. And then the boy will forget you too.’
With the drilling, thank God, over and done with, Mary turned the radio on.
‘Less.’ said Beatrice, and via the little thumbwheel at the side, Mary turned down the volume. Beatrice wound the flex around the drill. ‘I do actually like this one, though.’ It was a song from that summer called At Seventeen, by an American lady named Janice Ian.
Mary picked from the floor the last iron bar. Caught out by its weight, she grabbed it with her other hand too. Then she handed it to her mother, and into the stone it went.

63. A Fairy Somewhere Falls Down Dead
Being a concluding statement from Claire Colebrooke of Impartial Listening.

Statement date: 11th July 2024

WD’s sessions stopped in the middle of February 2024. She felt she’d taken things with Impartial Listening as far as she wanted to. I had to respect her view, and in my return email I did suggest that counselling from an experienced and fully trained professional might be of great use to her. 
In London for Gillian and Scott’s wedding in June, I hopped on a Tube and very quickly checked out the fairground location WD spoke of. It does exist. It is there (though it’s nowhere near as large as I’d assumed it to be). There, I found a small hole in the huge fence that surrounds the place. I just about saw the Gargoyle. But it’s more of a shipwreck than a ship. I saw other rides too: a funhouse, its roof caved in, and just a sliver of the carousel. 
At that moment, if I’m being completely honest, it was easy to drink in all of WD’s stories. I can absolutely see how intoxicating a place this might be. But I must remain sceptical about WD’s account. Not to be flippant, but so far I’ve avoided the inferred curse that WD believes plagues anyone connecting themselves with that place, and these alleged happenings. 
In conclusion, I believe WD believes it all. And these were fascinating sessions for me.

Epilogue

The Lost Girl
2035


The dog would live. But she knew, Wendy, it had been touch and go. The wound had been deep and devastating. In response, the operation had been long and complicated; compounded by a list of existing ailments the animal – Stella the tag read – had brought into the theatre. But she didn’t mind, Wendy, being on call for middle-of-the-night victories like these. It was when they went wrong that she resented it. Resented, actually, herself.
Even snapped in half, the wooden spear wouldn’t fit in the bin reserved for needles and blades. It didn’t really belong there, anyway. So into the clinical waste Wendy placed it. 
And then she cursed whoever had fashioned the thing, and who with it had stabbed the dog, a Newfoundland just as Nana had been. 

***

At No. 14, Jane woke from a dream. A dream about flying across the city. Mr and Mrs Darling, like they always did when Wendy was on call, had stepped in to have the girl overnight. 
They were older now, Mr and Mrs Darling. Tired and retired. Less able to hear. Sound asleep. Unaware of the blue light engulfing the bedroom and the posters of the long-split bands that Wendy still loved. 
As Jane rose from the bed that was once her mother’s, Kit, the adored and ancient tailless hare, fell from her hand and onto the floor. And Nana, passed on now to a happy place, could do nothing but watch and whine and offer only barks that she alone could hear. 
Out on Llewelyn Crescent the soft jangle of a keen grey phantom waited. Gathering storybooks, Jane slid the stack below the window. Then, stepping onto the pile, she lifted the glass.
 And out she climbed towards a wicked breeze. 


____________
