



Written by Connor prior, edited by Connor prior, Jacob white, and Jake Prior.

Prelude
(The following pages are journal entries, I, Connor Tenshi Yami, am currently narrating, however my friend, Jacob Varg, will take over later on, for now enjoy the story.)

My name is Connor Tenshi Yami; I woke up today feeling… a bit odd. I can’t explain why, but I can’t stop feeling like everything is within my grasp. I also can’t seem to stop feeling thirsty, no matter how much water I drink. I must leave for school so I will write again later…

To Whom It May Concern, my handwriting is shaky at the moment from the fear, and excitement that is coursing through my body. At school I couldn’t seem to stop feeling uneasy in the sunlight, then in P.E. we were doing dodge ball, and not a single person, student or teacher, could hit me. I dodged everything they threw at me, even when roughly twenty of them ganged up on me, I caught each ball and in the same movement returned the favour, not a single one missed my enemies. I don’t know why, but these changes began today, my 13th birthday.

Hey everyone, Jacob Varg here, Connor’s given you his account of that day’s events, well here’s mine. I woke with a pounding headache and a coppery taste in my mouth. As I went to turn on my phone so I could play some music I felt as though my head would split into two. Once I got the music on it seemed to blare out of a cinema’s speakers. At that moment I thought, this day is going to piss me off. Okay so basic recap of the day, I could hear things I couldn’t, I could smell it when someone was frightened, and I was a great deal faster, 100 metres was over like that, *clicks fingers*. I don’t know what’s going on, but I like it.

(Connor) Throughout the rest of the weak I began to get used to the… frightful changes to my body. Actually I’ve begun using them to my advantage. Like the day after it began, I noticed I had lost pretty much all of my imperfections. My eyes also had a strange enchanting look to them (at least that’s what I’ve been told by my… admirers), and not only that but I was able to win a national karate tournament, this included adults. My personal opinion is that these changes could mean that I am a vampire… no that’s ridiculous, or is it?

(Jacob) Days past and I became used to my power. I know I should be using this for justice, but I think using it for my own means is much more fun. However even with this kind of strength I couldn’t overwhelm the law, I tried and let’s say I’m glad that they didn’t get a clear view of my face. I needed to take almost five bullets out of my abdomen, so, you know, it was very painful. 

(Connor) Weeks have past and I now know that electric fences hurt like hell. I was trying to escape the company of someone who was… different, very similar to me, he was nearly as fast as me and equal in endurance as well. I now rest in a hospital, no one visits and no one sends gifts, not even my grandmother, all I’ve had for now is my books. I must stop for now; someone’s walking towards my door.

(Connor) The person from earlier, his name is Jacob Varg. He came with nothing, but his company. I didn’t want it at first, but he seemed like someone I could speak with, about my abilities. As we spoke we came to a quick conclusion that our minds were very similar, except on the superiority of vampires and werewolves. The simple thought of the heated argument is enough to make me smile. Life has dealt me a strange hand, but I have moulded it into my own. 

(Jacob) I met a boy today who could actually out run me. I chased him when he tried to walk away, eventually he ran into a high voltage electric fence. Days later I went to visit him in the hospital, he may be able to outrun me, but no one could get away from that uninjured. Anyway we talked, had a lot in common, became friends, now are we going to get on with the damn main story or not?

(Connor) Since my friend is so eager I’ll let you read the rest. By the way the rest is written in a third person text.  

(That is both of our stories of when we first began to experience this… change. Now I shall let you read of our struggle to retain a small semblance of our humanity.)
   



















Chapter 1: The Night Draws Near

Connor Yami woke with a start at the sound of his alarm beeping at him, groaning he turned over and pressed the button in order to deactivate the sound, but he found that it wasn’t the source of his aggravation, as he looked about his plain room trying to locate its source his eyes fell on the open curtains allowing the early morning sunlight into his room. The moment he crossed his small, mess of a room and closed the curtains he immediately felt infinitely better,
“Damn puberty” He whispered under his breath, at least he assumed it was puberty; his aversion to the sun began a little while after he turned thirteen.

Jacob Varg woke with a feeling similar to having a hangover, at least he expected it was. When he attempted to get out of bed, fireworks of agony exploded in his skull, causing him to gasp in pain, at that moment he realised his throat felt extremely dry as though it had turned into sandpaper. Ignoring the immense pain walking caused him, he crossed his large room and stepped into the shower and began washing himself. It wasn’t until he climbed into his taxi that he realised the shower water had been blood red…

Connor insisted on wearing his most concealing clothes, even though the day was warm and relatively sunless. When he was asked by his grandmother “why” he only replied with, “I feel like wearing them today.” This only served to make his Grandmother (his parents were dead before his third birthday) worried about dehydration, and he assured her that he would drink plenty of water. He walked out the door as his grandmother watched with a look of concern.

Along the way to school he kept wincing every time a small ray of sunlight pierced the clouds that concealed the sky, by the time he arrived at the institute, known as school, he felt weary as though he had slept very little in the night. As he took in the sights and sounds of the imbeciles he called classmates, he noticed his best friend standing in the middle of two of the biggest fools had to offer, their names; Jaycee Ahondara and Jordon Yamazaru. Connor knew Jacob could take care of himself, but he still felt the need to place his hand on Jaycee’s shoulder and say in his most menacing voice, “Do we have a problem here, Jaycee?” If there was one rule that hadn’t been broken was the unspoken one that everyone knew, ‘never fight Connor or Jacob’. Jaycee froze where he stood and turned to glare at him but didn’t say anything, and walked away with Jordon in tow. Connor watched as they disappeared behind the school building. He turned to Jacob and tried to smile, but the expression his friend wore was dark and his eyes had dark circles around them, as though, he too, had slept very little. He nodded once and they walked away from the sounds of chaos that was the student body. Wishless Cross secondary school was over one hundred and fifty years old, but had been added to in order to make it seem less 19th century and more 21st century: for starters the addition of the recreational room had made a huge difference for the students, due to the fact that it was filled with several games consoles, fifty to seventy inch plasma screen TVs, and an entire floor filled with music and recording equipment. The only problem was that all the adolescents who attend this school are always rich, snobbish, spoiled, and/or violent, that is why there are only fifty or so students, because no other parents want their children to attend. The teachers weren’t much help either; they believe that children should teach themselves, so all they ever did was layout the work and let the students decide for themselves whether or not they would do it… needless to say the test scores of Wishless Cross are abysmal to say the least. The only one who ever got any decent grades was Connor and even then only when he felt like it, which was not often. Basically a day at Wishless Cross was like summer camp. The two rounded a corner and Connor stopped dead in his tracks.
“Well what ‘ave we ‘ere then?”   

Jacob’s mind was in chaos on his ride to the school, even as he exited his taxi his mind was only semi-conscious of the real world, that is until the two most annoying adolescents, Jordon Yamazaru and Jaycee Ahondara. The two stood on either of him and were acting tough, good they’re so annoying. 
“Do we have a problem here, Jaycee?” Jacob heard his friend’s voice, but it didn’t really register. He had committed countless unspeakable deeds since his thirteenth birthday, but the bloody shower water was a bit too much for him, and now he was shaken by the fact that he had no memory of anything that might’ve turned the clear water into a shower of blood. Jacob nodded once which signalled to begin walking to the only place where they could talk in private, or if they couldn’t be bothered to go to classes, they used it often. As he prepared to tell Connor what had happened to him that morning, they rounded the corner.

Connor was first to turn the corner and what he saw made him freeze. Jordan Ahondara and Jaycee Yamazaru were slowly beating the hell out of half a dozen year sevens, he looked to the right and saw that they had already knocked out five of the young students. All around him he could see blood. He was initially shocked, however at the sight of the blood he felt a strange ache begin in his canines that slowly spread to the rest of his body, when he took a step forward he snapped a twig under his foot, the two sadistic teenagers looked up at the sound and when they saw who it was they began their usual string of insults, the pair took these in silence until they used a new one about their mothers, fathers and grandmothers, the ache turned into an intense, unending pain causing Connor to fall to the ground gasping wildly, as though he couldn’t breath properly, behind him a wolf’s howl sounded…


Chapter 2: The Night Creatures are born: Vampire and Werewolf!

Consciousness returned slowly, as it returned so did his Senses; all he could feel was a sense of satisfaction and intense pain similar to that morning. Jacob heard something dripping nearby, when he opened his eyes a fraction, his gaze was met by the blank eyes of Jordan Ahondara. Jacob attempted to sit up but is body refused to obey his mind’s commands, as he laid next the horrible sight he heard Connor awaken with a loud gasp, “Jacob?” was his first word, this caused him to cough. Despite the dryness of his throat Jacob replied, “Over here.” This time when he attempted to get up something rolled off his body allowing him to move into a sitting position. The sight this rewarded him with was one of horror. Limbs were everywhere, when he looked closer he saw the head of Jaycee Yamazaru. However this did not shock him in the least, Connor was the same, normal people would have freaked out at the mere sight of the bodies, who laughed when he saw Jacob.
“What? What is it?”
“I never would’ve thought you to be the kind of guy to walk around completely naked.” He replied and burst out laughing for no reason that Jacob could see. 

Connor was only laughing to try and cover up his uneasiness. Even though he knew that he would never do something so horrific however he had the sneaking suspicion that he and Jacob were responsible. When he looked down at himself He noted that he was completely drenched in blood, though it wasn’t his own blood that much he was sure of. 
“Hey Jacob?” in response his friend only rose his head; “You don’t think we did this do you?” 
Jacob noted that his friend’s voice shook with barely concealed panic, he wasn’t much different though, only he felt elation not panic and this was obvious in his reply.
“Of course we did this; you don’t see anyone else do you, and. to be honest, I don’t know how and I don’t really c-,” The rest of his sentence was cut short when he saw Connor’s eyes. Connor noticed something too, as he looked at his best friend, whom he had known for years, he noticed that his ears and nails had grown to an inhuman level.
“Jacob,” He was surprised by how strong and clear his voice was, “your ears and hands.” At these words Jacob felt his ears and yelped in surprise when he felt their pointed tips, he had a similar reaction to his hands when he saw how his nails had darkened and lengthened into claws. Connor’s reaction, when he found a reflective surface, could only have been described as comedic.
“Holy **** what the **** kind of Heterochromia is this?” Connor exclaimed as he looked at his two eyes, once a dark brown, were now twin orbs of black fire tinged with crimson, Jacob, despite the frightful changes to his body, laughed. When their thoughts turned to what had happened earlier an intense throbbing began to sound inside their heads, suddenly the world began to spin, the edges of their vision became blurred and before they knew what was happening the darkness engulfed them completely.

The scenes in their dreams were like a recap of before they blacked out and awoke in the blood of the two psychopaths. They were walking to the corner leading to their hideout when Connor paused, Jacob could tell that something had shaken his friend because he shook slightly. Connor took a step forward and Jacob saw his friend’s eyes take on a crimson hue.
“Connor, what’s wrong?” He asked as he too passed the corner. The sight that beheld him made him sick to his stomach. 
“Well, what ‘ave we ‘ere then. Do you want to join in?” Jaycee Yamazaru asked. His companion, Jordon Ahondara, continued for him.
“Nah, just a pair of twats, so ‘ave you two come to join in or are you just ‘ere ‘cause you finished saying goodbye to your mommy and daddy. Oh wait, you don’t have any do you, because they’re dead!” He shouted the last word because what he saw next shocked him so utterly that he urinated himself. Connor’s canines had lengthened to an inhuman length and his eyes had turned completely Blood red with the pupil being a tiny slited pinprick in the centre. Jacob’s change on the other hand was far more noticeable, He fell to the ground on all fours shouting in pain and surprise, his bones began to lengthen and reshape themselves whilst his nose and mouth turned waxy as they distended from his face beginning to form a muzzle, his teeth lengthened into fangs and  fur sprouted from invisible pores in his skin completely covering him in black and grey fur. The pair of nightmarish creatures pounced on the humans. The vampire grabbed his prey by the throat, cutting off his air supply and suspended him in the air. As the human struggled to break the vice like grip on his throat the vampire merely laughed and finally brought the human’s neck to his mouth where his fangs penetrated the soft flesh of his prey’s throat, the blood flowed quickly into his mouth and with no hesitation he swallowed greedily. The werewolf’s kill was similar only much gorier. As the night creatures finished feeding, they assessed one another trying to determine if the other was friend or foe. Coming to their separate decisions they stood in perfect symmetry and launched themselves at the other, when they collided the werewolf barked a laugh as the vampire laughed at the humorous position they found themselves in (This will not be described due to rudeness). 

Connor and Jacob awoke at the same time and stared at each other in shock. Both felt the same emotion, ecstasy. Both knew that vampires and werewolves were myths, yet this was the best explanation for what had transpired and the changes to their appearance and personalities. They had never been happier. 
Chapter 3: The first Meeting and the first mission

Their school days passed by uneventfully. Jacob hid his pointed ears within his long, oil black hair and bit his nails in order to pass for human. Connor on the other hand had a far more difficult time acting human. Human food repulsed him now; his eyes were explained as a form of Heterochromia, but the hardest part was his bloodlust. It was unpredictable; one day he felt in complete control and the next the mere sight of a human nearly tipped him over the edge. His only solution that his body accepted was a daily transfusion of human donor blood and even then it was only subdued. That was three weeks ago… 

Connor sat in class solving a difficult equation while everyone else was either on their phones, ipods, or portable game consoles. He sighed and thought; Looks like another boring day, when Jacob burst in shouting, “Everyone, you’ve got to see what’s going on outside!” The entire student body mobilised at once, moving to the windows, while Connor remained seated. He had already heard the commotion, and from what he had heard the people were a secret organization who had seen two students in Wishless Cross School who had the capabilities to join them. Jacob looked at him, his eyes shining with excitement as did Connor’s. These people might actually make life interesting he thought and could tell his friend was thinking the exact same thing. The pair left the room then and began to make their way toward the organization.

The meeting couldn’t have gone better. Once the two teenagers had reached the doors to exit the school, they were dragging the unconscious bodies of the organization’s soldiers.
“I would’ve thought that they would’ve put up a harder fight then that. But I guess they were poorly trained.” Connor mused aloud. The automatic doors opened then and as they did, the soldiers opened fire. Any human would have died, but they were not human, just when the bullets would have connected they dodged. To the soldiers’ eyes they appeared to disappear, however in reality they literally weren’t there. The two monsters of the night watched from the school roof as the humans’ fired round after round into the school walls.  
“What a bunch of noobs. And here I thought we were going to have some fun. Come on, let’s finish this now.” Jacob said, as they prepared to jump, the wind rustled around their bodies. 
“Now boys, we only want to talk. But if you want to fight, then I’ll be your opponent.” Spoke a high pitched voice from behind the two teenagers. They turned round to see where the voice had come from and were shocked when they saw nothing but a little girl, with a wide smile on her face.
“You’re kidding right? I’m not going to fight a little girl.” Connor’s mocking tone caused the girl’s expression to change from sweet and innocent, to cold and frightening. Jacob tensed as a cold feeling spread through his body, the feeling had become familiar to him over the weeks now he recognised it as a prelude to his transformation, he could see the same happening to Connor, his friend’s eyes were beginning to glow a bright crimson and his canines were lengthening to their full length. 
“What frightening creatures.” The Little girl said sarcastically and cocked an eyebrow, daring them to attack. Jacob was first to strike. His leap was incredibly quick, even by his standards, but the girl stepped aside and caught him in a headlock, “Your attacks are far too obvious, you need to learn too plan then attack!” As she finished her sentence she threw Jacob over the edge of the roof. The howl he emitted was almost painful to Connor’s enhanced hearing however he ignored it and watched his opponent carefully. She looked human, but to be able to defeat his friend so easily told him that she was something far more dangerous than a human.
“What are you?” He asked. A look of surprise passed over the girl’s face. Now! He thought and launched himself at her. Just when he was about to connect with her, she shot a hand out and grabbed his neck.
“Impressive, you are smarter and stronger than your werewolf friend but you’re not strong enough to defeat me and to answer your question, I am a vampire, but I am the first.” And with that she threw him off the roof as well.

“Good work, Miss Yuuku.” One of the human soldiers said, Yuuku merely nodded in acknowledgement. Her thoughts were fixed on the young vampire boy she had just defeated. His face was so similar to her previous vampire consort and his voice; it was like hearing a youthful version of Andy’s. She mentally shook herself; if she became attached to him she would only suffer if this went badly.

Connor awoke slowly; instinctively he gave himself a mental once over, he had three broken ribs, a dislocated arm and at least a dozen cuts and bruises. He could feel the damage repairing, but he knew that even his healing capabilities would take a while to repair the damage to his body. As he pulled himself into a sitting position he realised that his hands and legs were bound together by incredibly thick chains, when he attempted to break them a voice came from his left.
“Don’t bother man, it’s useless, I even tried changing and these things held easily.” Jacob hopped into view at that moment. Relief washed through Connor at the sight that his friend was alive, damaged, but alive. With his vampire vision he could see in pure darkness, so the light provided by the lights weren’t necessary, but they illuminated the table in the centre. From his position he couldn’t see anything on it, but his sense of smell told him otherwise. There was a lot of human blood on the surface and from what he could smell, it was only donor blood. His bloodlust took hold and he felt the chains give way as his already incredible strength tripled from his insane desire to drink the blood. 
“You disappoint me again, though I shouldn’t have expected much from a fledgling vampire who didn’t even have a Sire to train him in the vampire ways.” The little girl, from the school, stepped into the light, her face was impassive, but deep in her eyes they held something more. But in his present state of mind Connor didn’t think and, like a mindless beast, charged her with all his might. The outcome was the same as before. 
“Connor, just stop it ok? She’s too strong for us.” Jacob said, defeat thick in his voice. At the sound of his friend’s voice Connor calmed down a little bit and sat down on the stone floor.
“Go on have some. That’s the reason it’s here anyway. Don’t worry we didn’t do anything to it.” She said and smiled when Connor didn’t move.
“Or would you rather drink my blood?” She knew that she had asked the right question when his crimson eyes glowed even brighter. Gently she took his face in her hands and lifted him to his feet; Connor’s expression remained frozen in shock. His mouth hung open, revealing his pure white, sharp, canines. Once his mouth was level with her neck his reaction was instant. He latched onto her throat with all his might and began to drink her delicious blood. The girl stood still, her expression had changed slightly, it was still impassive, but her eyes shone with a strange passion as Connor drank greedily from her neck. The strange exchange continued until the girl gently pushed him away.
“Now that you’ve fed, I can tell you why we have taken you to this location.” Even though her expression was serious her voice was slightly breathless and her eyes shone with excitement from what had just transpired.
“Well then, care to explain?” Connor requested his expression was similar to the girl’s except his was mixed in with shock.
“Of course I will. Now, you both know what you are?” They nodded, “your kinds are not the only supernatural existence in this world. Existing beside this dimension there is a complete opposite, the Demon World. In this there are grotesque beings called demons, these monsters have sought to end the human race’s existence by travelling between the dimensions. We-“ 
Her explanation was cut short by Connor who finished her sentence for her.
“You fight to protect the humans and eventually destroy the demon’s world. If I’m wrong please say so.” When she said nothing he continued, “My best guess is that you wish for us to help you… You know Jacob this is sounding more and more like “Changeling”.” They laughed at the comparison except the powerful little girl. She waited until they had finished before asking the question that she had waited to ask them, “well can we rely on your assistance or do you want to choose option number two?” 
“Don’t worry; we’ll do anything that could get us out of school.” Connor explained.
“I’m in, as long as we get paid.” Jacob replied. The girl smiled at the news.
“My name is Yuuku.” The girl held out a hand, “It will be a pleasure working with you two.” Connor and Jacob in turn introduced and shook Yuuku’s hand.

They had been relocated to a luxurious room, chandeliers, wall mounted 50’’ flat screen HD T.V. and two king sized beds. The wooden floor boards felt soft after the floor of their cell and Connor noted this and the fact that the smell of blood emitted from one of the two fridges in the room. 
“I never thought I’d get to live in a place like this.” Connor mused aloud. Somehow here, in the walls of this secret Organization that were called the Kouken of Earth, he felt at home probably because nearly thirty percent of the staff here are vampires. He recalled all the facts Yuuku had educated them in on the tour of the huge facility.
They had just left their cell and were walking down the corridor that Yuuku Assured them led to the main Intel room, where she would introduce them to the staff present there. After what seemed like an age they reached the doors.
“Try not to gawk too much.” She had said and pushed the huge, intricately carved oak doors open. Jacob and Connor failed when they attempted to control their surprise. They were inside a enormous domed structure filled with row after row of computers, the dim light created by the computers allowed Yuuku and Connor to see perfectly however Jacob’s eyes were not as strong in his human form so she ordered that the ceiling lights be switched on. The people that became illuminated shocked him greatly. Nearly, if not all of the workers were either vampires or werewolves.
“We mainly hire vampires and werewolves because they need the smallest amount of training and they hold a grudge against the demons.” When they raised their eyebrows at her she explained, “You see over millennia ago two demons entered the human realm by mistake; one was similar to a wolf, the other a bat. The two creatures found human women, in a nearby town, to be enticing and proceeded to impregnate them before the town’s men killed the two. The offspring born were both terrifying and beautiful, the people decided to raise them, but found that they were uncontrollable. The children killed nearly all of the town’s people until a spark of humanity awoke within them and they fled into the vast forest bordering the town.” She explained and waited for the questioning to ensue.
“You really are the first vampire. How did you survive? Animals blood doesn’t work to nourish us.” He enquired.
“Yes. That’s true; however vampire and werewolf blood is partially human so we fed off the werewolves and each other to survive, but war broke out when a vampire gave in to his bloodlust and killed the alpha’s mate. That is why humans believe we are enemies, granted you come across the odd werewolf who still despises vampires for the incident, but they are usually separated from the pack.” She Explained. Connor and Jacob took this in with little difficulty. The tour continued, they walked through the training areas and saw at least a dozen vampires having a free for all wrestling match. When they entered the weapons room their eyes sparkled slightly.
“Now boys, you’ll have to wait before you wield these things.” She had instructed, but Connor and Jacob had already grabbed a pair of pistols each. They had received a small amount of training with the modals they were holding and shot once at the targets across the room. Both of their bullets hit the targets’ heart. Yuuku looked at them as they quickly reloaded and shoot again this time at moving targets, that was moving at a similar speed to a newborn vampire. Once again their shots were dreadfully accurate.
“Well, well. It seems that you two are quite the marksmen.” She complimented them causing an involuntary blush to creep up their necks.
“We’re not that good, really.” Connor said and walked over to one of Jacob’s targets. He pulled it up and showed that one of the holes was almost an inch away from the heart. When he went to check on his targets however there were no holes other than the one in the heart. He was astonished, as humans He and Jacob had been equally good but now, maybe not.
“Don’t worry Jacob; vampires are designed to use any weapon to its maximum effectiveness. But when you transform you shall have no need for weapons, as I’m sure your fangs and claws will suffice.” Yuuku explained. The tour continued through to the living quarters.
“My room is at the end of this tunnel, just in case you need to speak with me,” Her eyes flashed to Connor as she said this, “Your room number is 409. Come I’ll walk you to the door.” She began to lead them down the dark, fire lit corridor.
“Why are there so few rooms occupied?” Connor asked, as they walked down he saw that the rooms in use had unique intricate symbols carved into the oak doors.
“We have an equal number of male and female staff; most of them start relationships with one another. I’m certain that you’ll both already have some admirers.” She said, part jokingly and part seriously. When they reached their room the door was open.

Connor’s mind returned to the present, he stared around the room once and saw the huge wardrobe set into the wall across the room. Curious he walked towards it. After opening the door, the first thing he was bombarded with was clothes. They must have stocked the entire thing with all sorts of clothes. He thought as he stepped into the vast array of clothing.
“Hey Jacob, check this out.” He called and almost laughed when his friend shouted out in shock, “Holy ****!” 
“It seems they have every type of clothing here.” He said when he walked past a Scottish kilt. After hours of none stop searching they had found what they were looking for. Jacob ad Connor stood in front of the floor to ceiling length mirrors in the bathroom and stared at their outfits. Connor wore an oil black, leather jacket that fell past his knees, a crimson shirt with the logo for Black Veil Brides on the front, pitch black jeans, and pure black trainers tipped with crimson. Jacob wore a similar outfit, but his looked more like a cosplay of Dante from the game Devil May Cry. His black bangs were brushed down over his face; he wore a red trench coat that ended at his ankles, a dark blue t-shirt, jet black trousers, and white trainers. The rest of the day passed slowly with the two either watching TV, or playing video games such as, Assassin’s Creed, Call of Duty, Devil May Cry, Guitar Hero, and Fallout. Eventually Yuuku sent for them.

Yuuku had spent her spare time going through Connor’s history that she had retrieved by hacking into the school’s mainframe. It said that his current guardian was his grandmother, his mother and father were unknown and any other relatives had not been found. She sighed in defeat. I guess I’ll never know the truth. She thought, as a knock on her door caused her to jump and she attempted to cover this as she opened the door, but failed miserably. In the doorway stood Connor and Jacob dressed in the provided clothes. Her eyes were drawn to Connor’s figure; she looked at him from head to toe, mentally she made comparisons between him and Andy. They both had the same thin yet strong structure, the same shaped eyes, the same hair colour and the same lips. She realised that she was staring and moved aside to allow them to enter her domain. 
“I’ll get right to it… You two are the only teenage members in this organization; therefore you two are the only ones capable of participating in this mission.” She explained and looked at the two in order to ascertain whether they were shocked or excited by the news, their expressions threw her completely. The level of seriousness radiating from the two was nearly tangible. 
“What do you need us to do?” Connor asked; he was looking around as though he was searching for something.
“I need you two to infiltrate this secondary school in London. We have reason to believe a werewolf and a vampire are there. They also seem to have no boundaries as they have murdered at least ten people within one week.” She told them and was immediately taken aback by their level of response.
“I am not going back to school!”
“We only took this position so we didn’t have to attend anymore.” Jacob and Connor shouted in unison. 
“Here are the pictures of the targets, all you must do is remain enrolled at this school, befriend the two, and capture them.” She said, ignoring the outburst, and handed the pair a photo each. In Connor’s photo stood a tall, long, white, haired girl, with alabaster skin, one hazel eye and one so dark blue that any human would mistake it for black, full blood red lips, she was visibly well endowed to an anime level, her waist was slim and her long legs looked good enough to eat; he guessed her measurements to be 89-50-80. Jacob’s photo contained a similar looking girl except she was tanned, had striking blue eyes, shoulder length brown hair, and slightly smaller lips covered in black lipstick. The only thing that put the teenagers on edge was the fact that their features in the pictures were ones of anger and cruelty. They felt something as they looked at the pictures, something about the two girls made their hearts begin to beat faster. Is this what love feels like? Connor asked himself silently. He looked up into the eyes of the waiting vampire, he knew his answer. This feeling is really annoying, Jacob thought, but he too knew his answer.
“I’ll accept the mission, but I’m not going to participate in any of the lessons.” He told her and they turned to leave when she called Connor back, “Wait a moment first, please Connor.” He sighed and turned back.
“I’ll accept as well.” Connor said after a couple of seconds’ hesitation.
“Excellent. You will leave in two days; this is in order to give you time to select what weapons you wish to bring and pack some clothes.” She said and nodded for them to leave except Connor who she held back.

Jacob looked between the two trying to decide whether he should stay and help his friend should he be required to, or if he should leave him alone with her. Connor nodded to tell him that he’ll be fine. Jacob left the room.
“What do you want?” He asked a hint of annoyance in his voice. Yuuku stood up and walked around the side of her desk to stroke his cheek.
“You know what I want.” She stated and bit into his neck. His initial surprise was replaced by a sense of happiness and contentment. He wrapped her within his arms as she pushed her body against his. Suddenly, with a cry, Connor jumped, as hard as he could, away from her. His hand went to his neck where she had bitten him.
“Are you mad?” He shouted.
“You didn’t seem to mind.” She replied, and then she moved with her incredible speed to stand in front of him. As she prepared to latch onto his neck, he ducked just as she was about to bite.
“Please just stop? I’ve had a lot of bad relationships in the past, and I barely know you.” He lied and was relieved when her desire was replaced by understanding.
“You really are like him.” She said as she walked back to her desk and sat down.
“Who am I like?” He asked, his curiosity had been aroused by the words and he knew that he would stop at nothing to find out what she was talking about.
“I’m not telling,” She replied, “Unless you do something for me first.” Connor replied cautiously,
“Okay, just ask, then you will tell me.” His concern was overshadowed by his curiosity.
“Become my consort.” Her words were simple but they seemed powerful, as though unless he made the correct reaction something was going to happen to him.
“What does that entail?” He asked.
“In vampire tradition you will have to mate with me, feed weekly from me and remain my consort unless I banish you or you die. But first there is ritual that requires almost a year to prepare for, so you have some time to consider the weight of what you are getting into. To put it simply, it’s a wedding.” She explained cheerfully. Despite what he had just heard he found himself nodding.

Two days had passed since then and Connor was already regretting it. Where ever he went staff greeted him and began a string of questions that never seemed to end. That was the best part about it though. Yuuku had insisted that he spend almost every waking moment with her in order to discuss her plans for the ritual. Now I know how my cousin must’ve felt. He thought and immediately banished the thought away. His cousin was four years older than he was now when he had gotten married and then died when the plane he was on crashed due to an unexpected storm. The thought almost brought tears to his eyes but he managed keep them from spilling, since his cousin had been like a brother to him the days after his cousin’s death had been horrible. People were sympathetic but there were some who thought it funny to make fun of someone who had just lost his one of his relatives. He had made his point to them by sending everyone who even spoke badly of his cousin to hospital with severe injuries. He laughed despite his sadness; those days had been spent mostly in detention rather than home. That is until Jacob came into his life.

Jacob was searching through their walk in closet whilst he remembered the first day he had met Connor. The day was warm and breezy, the air filled with the scent of the sea… Whoops! Wrong memory. He thought. The day that they met was cold, dark and snow filled. He’d recently been expelled from his third secondary school for assault on ten students and three staff members; he was used to the new faces by then, but one face stood out from the rest. This white face was filled with sadness and anger. He had looked around; no one approached the boy as he sat on the snow covered grass. Jacob walked over to him and sat down beside him, the second his lower back connected with the wet ground the other boy was up and walking away.
“Hey wait up!” He called and jogged to his side, the other one glanced at him and then he began to run. Jacob watched him try to escape and thought to himself. Wait until you see what I’ve got in store for you. He waited until the boy was a good ten kilometres away, then he ran. Why is the field so bloody big? He thought, as he caught up with him in a matter of seconds to the surprise of the boy, but it seemed he had held back some during the small race, he took a deep breath then he almost disappeared from Jacob’s sight. Once he had located the boy he was already a good mile away and didn’t seem like he planned to stop, even when the electric fence came into view. Jacob ran after him trying with all his might to keep up, the boy was too fast and before Jacob knew it he ran head first into the electric fencing.

Three weeks later Jacob had come to visit him in the hospital, to find him sitting up and reading a novel. Politely Jacob knocked on the door and entered the room. There were no mountains of get well cards or presents. The only mountain that was in the room was at the foot of his bed and was built of books. The boy was sitting up in bed reading a first edition of Dracula.
“I will not accept anything you attempt to give me.” He said, without looking up from his book, and Jacob was surprised that the boy had said something.
“Well no worries there, after all I didn’t bring anything except my company.” The reply was sort of a joke, but he took it seriously.
“Like I said I will not accept anything you have brought.” He said and turned his head to the side in an attempt to hide his small grin.
“Fine I guess I’ll leave you alone then.” He turned to leave when the boy said, 
“My name is Connor; you don’t need to go by the way.” The boy introduced himself and settled back into the pillows in order to read comfortably. Jacob guessed that, since it was obvious that they were both abnormally strong, Connor felt like he needed at least one person he could talk to about these things.
“My name’s Jacob.” He had replied simply. 

Connor continued to remember his first meeting with Jacob. The weeks that followed were the happiest since his cousin’s death. Jacob had to admit that Connor was fun to hang out with as they had the same interests. In fact the only thing they argued about was vampires and werewolves. Jacob thought that werewolves were awesome due to their ferocity, while Connor had a list of reasons why vampires were better than werewolves. 
“Number one, vampires are able to charm just about anyone into believing them, number two, they don’t have to change form in order to fight to the best of their abilities, number three, they nearly always have friends in high places and number four, they are immortal.” He had explained these to Jacob, who had taken it all in and couldn’t, for the life of him, think of anything that made werewolves logically superior to vampires. 

Jacob’s mind returned to the present and he swore that Connor had also been reminiscing about their first meeting. At midday the organization drove them to the gates of Saint Strix School, with Yuuku accompanying them due to her having been signed as their legal guardian until they reached eighteen years of age. She laughed as they approached the gates. 
“What are you laughing at?” Connor asked her.
“I’m laughing because of the school’s name; the name is Latin for vampire.” She explained and giggled once more then stopped. The exterior of the school was surprising to say the least. On all the walls there were at least one giant crucifix nailed into the brick, the number of windows was shocking as well nearly all the walls of the main building were windows, beyond this there was a church that stood in the centre of a massive field, as they drove towards the office buildings they passed a small group of key stage three students walking to the church. Their uniforms were the most surprising out the entire school. They didn’t wear any uniforms only their normal clothes, the only thing that seemed like a uniform was the small crucifix that hung around everyone’s’ neck. 
“Do we have to wear those crucifixes?” Connor asked sounding none too thrilled about the jewellery. Yuuku looked about and saw them as well.
“I am afraid it appears that way. Now before we get inside.” She said and quickly kissed him. At first he was too stunned to react, but when she parted his lips and began to explore his mouth with her tongue he felt himself return the kiss.
“Oh get a room you two!” Jacob exclaimed when he saw what was happening beside him. The two broke apart gasping lightly.
“Later. We’ll continue this later.” She said a little breathlessly.

They all entered the school reception room and were instantly welcomed by an elderly Catholic nun.
“Welcome to Saint Strix, I take it you two are Connor and Jacob?” She asked.
“Yes miss…” Connor let the word trail off, indicting for her to introduce herself.
“How foolish of me, where are my manners? My name is Sister Maria Willow.” She told them all and shook everyone’s’ hand.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you Sister. I am Yuuku Excrucio.” After the formalities were done the nun led them into the main school building. The interior was similar to the exterior, a crucifix hung on the oak and ebony walls. They rarely passed students, due to the fact that here they were well behaved. Be prepared for us then. Connor thought and nearly chuckled at the thought; he glanced sideways and saw that Jacob was looking intently inside every classroom they passed. He must be looking for the girls. The thought made him think about the white haired girl in the picture he had been handed and like the first time he had seen it his heart began to beat faster. Soon he had joined Jacob in searching the rooms. He was about to give up when he saw them. The girls looked exactly like they did in the pictures except for a change of clothes and the crucifix that hung from their necks. They were walking straight towards the four of them. 
“Those are your targets.” Yuuku whispered so quietly that even Connor had to struggle to make out her words. He only nodded in reply not trusting his voice to remain calm in the presence of the enemy. The girls paused and stepped aside in order to allow them to pass. Connor nodded his thanks and the white haired one smiled brilliantly, flashing her perfect white teeth. He felt his cheeks flush; at least as much as a vampire could, as she continued to smile at him.

The tour ended at the dorm rooms. 
“You two are staying in this dorm. Feel free to choose any of the rooms as this entire dorm is empty.” Sister Maria Willow told them. This is great. He thought. If we’re all alone that means we’ll be able sneak in and out without worrying about running into anyone. 
“Could you give us a moment please Sister?” Yuuku asked smiling brilliantly at the old nun.
“Of course,” She began to leave, “And don’t worry about them Miss Excrucio, we’ll keep them safe and sound for you.” She said and left them. Yuuku wrapped her arms around Connor and brought his mouth down to hers. They remained embraced in their own little bubble of passion, although Connor would never admit it to her his thoughts were not of Yuuku. They were fixed on the white haired girl he had been sent to capture.
“Do I need to file a restraining order for you man? Because at this rate I don’t think I can take much more of your ‘displays’.” Jacob said and practically dragged Connor away from Yuuku, who turned and began walking away from the pair, she only looked back once her locked with Connor’s who thought he could see a hint of sadness in her expression.

The rest of the day was spent selecting their rooms and setting up their devices. The Kouken of Earth had given them a wide variety of gadgets. These included, an PS3 to stop him from getting bored, a mobile phone that would connect to Yuuku’s phone no matter where he called from, ten full magazines for his M9 and Desert Eagle, a fifty inch plasma HD flat screen TV, and a computer with more than one hundred terabytes of memory. Later that evening he laid awake under the covers trying to sleep, but found it impossible due Jacob’s insanely loud snores.







Chapter 3: New school day
Jacob awoke feeling refreshed; he practically skipped to the shower room. After his shower he finally noticed that Connor hadn’t woken up yet, grabbing an apple from his room, he walked to Connor’s door and, gently, knocked. Connor was there in an instant with bruise like shadows under his eyes.
“Whoa dude you look like hell. Didn’t you get any sleep last night?” Jacob enquired, in response Connor grabbed his M9 and shot Jacob in the head, even though it was a point blank shot the bullet barely even harmed him. Moments later Jacob arose and didn’t seem very happy about the shot to the head.
“What the hell was that for?” He yelled and began running at Connor, with his fist ready to smash into his friend’s head, who had begun walking to the dining room. He almost connected except Connor was far too quick. A fraction of a second before Jacob connected he moved to the side, directly out of Jacob’s path.
“You kept me awake last night with your snores.” He said his voice was cold, sharp and his eyes flashed a dangerous crimson, for the first time since their transformation Jacob thought Connor looked and sounded like a real vampire, the revelation caused a shiver of fear to pass through him. They walked down to the dining room to find two plates set for them. Connor’s simply had a bag of donor’s blood, whilst Jacob’s had nearly every kind of meat that could be eaten at breakfast. 

Connor felt sorry about what he had done to Jacob, but he knew that to apologise now wouldn’t do much good. He finished his blood quickly and left to prepare for the school day that awaited them. While he changed into his clothes from the Kouken of Earth, a note dropped from the small pile of clothes. He, cautiously, bent to pick it up, inside it read; Meet me in the church after school. The end was signed with a Y, so he knew it was from Yuuku. He shook his head in amusement. One day apart and she instantly wants to meet up. He thought. When the time came to leave Connor was dressed appropriately for winter, with his oil black trench coat, jet black jeans and his obsidian shirt, on the other hand Jacob had no problems with putting on a simple red t-shirt and blue jeans. The pair grinned at each other on the way out to show that all was forgiven. 

The day passed slowly. Wishless Cross had been dismal, and, while the school had a lot more to offer in the ways of education, Connor found it to be far more boring than he had expected. he had gotten caught sleeping in class and was forced to go to the headmaster’s office, and another time when he was listening to music the teachers had confiscated his mp3 from him; it took all of his restraint not to kill them. Also it didn’t help that the sun seemed relentless here, hanging directly overhead for what felt like an age, which caused problems for Connor during P.E. the teacher had ordered him to change and he had chosen to simply leave. Thank Satan, any longer and things might have gotten ugly, he thought as he walked to the church. He figured that he would simply stay there and sleep the day away, however that became impossible after she showed up.

Yuki sensed that a vampire had entered the church. The heartbeat was too infrequent for it to be a human. She sat up in her perch on the boards that supported the church’s roof, and watched him enter through the oaken door. At the sight of him her heart began to beat at an abnormal rate, even by human standards. She watched as he laid on one of the benches and gradually drifted off into sleep.

She watched him for an hour, and, after she became sure that he was deep asleep, she jumped down, gracefully and quietly, onto the stone floor. She walked towards his sleeping form. What is it about this guy that makes me feel like this? She asked herself internally. She stared at his face; his features were similar to her own, pale complexion, slightly angled eyes and, the main way to tell if someone was a vampire, his fangs. Without realising it she had begun to lean down, until she was so close that her lips were almost brushing his. She felt as though she should pull away, but his parted lips seemed to call to her, with great care, she closed his mouth and almost laughed at what she was about to do. Silently she leaned closer and brushed her lips against his.

Connor, even in his unconscious state, felt someone watching him. His instincts screamed for him to awaken, however he silenced them trying to stay on the tip of awakening should the other being attempt to attack him. The attack was not what he was expecting, someone’s lips brushed his, instantly he awoke fully and opened his eyes; the target was in front of him with her eyes closed and her lips pressed against his. Instead of pushing her away he deepened the kiss, he parted her lips, their tongues met for barely a second. When she pulled back he couldn’t help, but think; that was my first kiss? 

Gently she pushed him away from her. Slowly, as though she was unsure of what she would see, she opened her eyes. Her gaze was met by his. They both stared at one another and she saw that he wasn’t angry, nor surprised, the only emotion that made his eyes shine like the wretched sun, was bliss.
“Hi.” She said and was surprised by how breathless she sounded. Over the year since her transformation into a vampire she had made out with more than a dozen people in order satisfy her hunger, but she had never become this entranced by anyone’s lips the way his did. 
“Hey.” He replied his voice resembled hers, completely and utterly breathless.

Connor stared into her beautiful hazel and dark blue eyes, trying to read her emotion through them. He knew she was doing the same as she stared back. They remained silent until she spoke, “Hi.” In a voice that he vaguely recognised, but couldn’t place it with anyone from his memory.
“Hey.” He replied her eyes shone with recognition that he felt she couldn’t place either. The pair seemed incapable of movement until she began to rise from her crouched position. Please don’t go. He thought and breathed a sigh of relief when she sat next to his feet. Slowly, as though he didn’t want to frighten her, he moved into a sitting position. 
“M-my name’s Yuki.” She stuttered in her introduction, making it clear she was either shy or embarrassed by their kiss. Connor couldn’t help but think that she looked incredibly cute at that moment. Though she didn’t offer her hand Connor took it, and turned it gently over to reveal her palm, lightly, he brought it to his lips.
“My name is Connor. It’s an honour to meet you.” He said using his extensive knowledge of being a perfect gentleman. He heard her breathing quicken when his lips had met her palm, this told him that the emotions that he struggled to control were being reciprocated by her. 
“You’re a vampire aren’t you?” she asked suddenly her voice became serious even though her eyes told him she was scared by this fact.
“Yes. But aren’t you also a vampire?” he questioned her, knowing the answer before she said it.
“Yes. But why are you here? School’s not very fun you know.” She asked eyeing him suspiciously. He instantly flew into his cover story about how he had been transformed by a vampire, whom he had blackmailed into giving him a vial of his blood, after he had changed he originally had intended to travel around the world, but found the temptation of blood to be incredibly difficult to resist. He lied about how while he was staying in America a woman who he had befriended and begun to love deeply had been stabbed in public by a mugger. He stopped at this point acting as though it was still very difficult to speak of. She took this in silence. Carefully she brought her hand to his face letting her hand brush against his soft cheek.
“Will you move into my dorm?” He asked suddenly, her reply was a passionate kiss.

Jacob was having a bad day to say the least. Twice that day he had been sent to the head master’s office for verbal and slight physical abuse. Now he was on his third trip to the office, but instead of heading directly to it he decided to take the route back to his dorm. Along the way he ran into roughly nine teachers who questioned him in their rough Irish accents why he was out of class he had merely dismissed their questions with a wave of his hand. Note to self; thank Yuuku for the leniency, he thought as he made the final turn to the doors with the label ‘fire exit’ above them. He left the walls of the school and stepped into the afternoon sunlight, the land that surrounded him was filled with wildlife, and his mouth filled with saliva as a family of rabbits passed him a hundred or so metres away. No one should see me change if I go to the edge of the field; he thought and broke into a light jog that developed into a run and that turned into a full on sprint. Once he reached the fence surrounding the enormous grass filled field he stripped down to his underwear and felt the intense pain pass through his body as the change quickly spread from his legs to his head. Once the transformation was complete he opened his eyes. He had rarely changed outside so the sounds and smells were relatively new to him. While he adjusted to his heightened senses, he caught the scent of the rabbits that had, moments ago, run past him. Crouching low, he waited until they were close enough to him, then pounced.

Jess had watched as the new boy changed from man to beast. I knew it. I could smell his animalistic urges. She thought and decided to join him in his hunt. Mimicking him she stripped down to her underwear and groaned as a wave of nausea rolled over her, just moments before she changed from a beautiful teenage girl, into a ferocious demonic wolf. She had often hunted out here for fun when she left the lessons; the only difference was that now she had a partner to enjoy the meal with. Rushing into the middle of the field she met the other wolf in the centre. He growled, telling her to move aside, however she stood her ground and growled back. The werewolf’s stood there for a few seconds longer, finally the male decided to allow her to accompany him on his hunt.

They ran for over an hour, simply enjoying the sensation of power and the thrill of the kill. Eventually Jacob ran back to the spot where he had left his clothing, the female followed, but he growled for her to leave, she left obediently. Once he reached the spot where his clothes were he turned back to a human, the weariness hit him hard. After he turned from werewolf to human he had always felt a great need to sleep afterwards. He had barely managed to get his trousers on when he blacked out. He awoke to the sound of approaching footsteps. Groaning he sat up and attempted to shake the sleep from his mind.
“Who is it?” He asked bitterness completely evident in his voice. Whoever this person is they woke me way before I wanted to, and that’s not a good idea, he thought.
“Well hello to you too. My name is Jezebel, please call me Jess.” She said and offered her hand. Jacob stared at it and noticed the tanned colour of her skin, slowly, his eyes rose up to meet hers. He took in her every feature, her jaw line, her ears, her mouth etc. 
“My name’s Jacob. It’s nice to meet you Jess.” He said and rose from his sitting position on the grass; he shook himself, noting how many small insects and arachnids fell from his bare flesh. 
“You know Jacob, werewolves usually sleep naked.” She said and began to giggle hysterically when he stared at her with his mouth hanging wide open like a complete idiot.
“Wait what?” He said complete confounded by her words. She giggled again. 

They sat their looking at one another, each taking in the body and face of the other. 
“How long have you been a werewolf?” He asked her suddenly her reply threw him off completely.
“About four months, I turned the full moon after I dumped a boy who was staying at our school; he was a werewolf. After we broke up he stalked me until finally he got me alone at which point he gave me this little memento,” She lifted her shirt to reveal fang scars on her otherwise perfect stomach, “What about you, how long have you been one?” She enquired after Jacob had processed the information.
“I had my first change quite recently, but I’ve had the werewolf genes all my life, they only began to take hold when I started to go through puberty.” He explained and almost laughed at the surprised look on her face. 
“I thought that you had to be bitten or something to become a werewolf.” She said to herself. Jacob let her think about it whilst he gazed at her beauty and soon found himself leaning closer to her.

Jess could feel the heat of his breath on her bare shoulder; her heart seemed to beat faster as he looked into her eyes. 
“Jacob I-” Her words were cut off by his mouth pressing against hers. Within the chaotic world that her mind had turned into since she had first seen him there was a single image, Jacob lying by her side. The passion that had quickly built since they had met was, displayed in their actions, intense. She longed for him and she could feel his weakening restraint on his own white hot desire.
“Do you want to switch to my dorm?” He asked she almost couldn’t respond when his breath blew onto her skin.
“Yes of course.” She practically moaned. This is so much more then animalistic urges, she thought.

Days passed by and life kept getting better. Connor could hardly believe he had more or less become a character from one of those supernatural romance books, but here he was with a girl who he had pretty much fallen in love with Yuki. He could tell that the same was happening with Jacob and Jess, except they were a little less embarrassed to show their affections for each other. Everywhere Connor, or Yuki, looked they (Jacob and Jess) were either making out or trying to out do each other in contests… While Connor was more private, as was Yuki, the only thing that was clear was that they were together, except there was one person who couldn’t quite grip that concept. He was a new transfer student who had quickly become the new bully of the school, and he demanded obedience from everyone, whether they were student or teacher; the only four who showed absolutely no fear were; Connor, Jacob, Yuki, and Jess. One day he had decided he was going to sexually harass Yuki and Jess, it was the biggest mistake of his life; when he had begun saying names the four were more or less indifferent, but when he tried to touch either of the girls, Connor and Jacob reacted quickly and ferociously; when had gone to touch Jess and Yuki’s chests Connor intercepted his hands and squeezed lightly; the bully fell to the floor in agony.
“I advise you to leave us alone.” Connor said and his voice sent chills up the subdued bully’s spine.
“F**king bastards! I’ll f**king do what I want!” He shouted and tried to break free, but Jacob had other plans for him.
“You look like you’re having trouble, how about I give you helping hand?” Jacob asked and offered his palm, but quickly retracted it and clenched it into a fist, and the last thing the bully saw, before being knocked out was the wolfish glow in Jacob’s eyes and his fist. 

As more time passed and no word from the K.O.E. came, Connor began to feel uneasy. He had expected Yuuku to become furious after he hadn’t shown up at the church, but he had heard, or seen, nothing. The more time that passed, the more he felt that something awful was going to happen.






Chapter 5: For Whom This Hell Tolls

Days past and Connor couldn’t be happier. Although he still had to attend class, he didn’t see life getting any better then this; Yuki had agreed to move into the dorm, and Jacob had fallen for Jess. The classes were being halted due to an increasing amount of murders in the area; several of the murders were faculty at Saint Styx, and, since the murders had continued, Connor and Jacob both knew that Yuki and Jess were completely innocent. After sending their written reports, Yuuku still didn’t call off the mission, always saying that ‘they couldn’t be certain of their (Jess and Yuki) innocence’.

The only downside was that they still had girlish tendencies; like the time when Connor and Yuki had gone out shopping for some new games and movies. Yuki was more then willing to look through some of the standard male interests, but afterwards she asked to look at some clothes.
“Sure,” He had replied, “I should be more then capable of living through that.” They had laughed at that, but Connor soon felt like he was going to kill himself. The smells and sights of the clothing store were nauseating; just row after row of clothes, and scents that seemed to launch a
“I’m done.” She had said after nearly two hours of looking at and trying on clothes.
“Oh thank Satan!” He said after exiting the store and breathed the polluted air, which smelled like the finest chocolate or wine after all the aromas of the store.

Three days later, they were spending their time in the church for recreational activities. Life seemed to be going great except Connor knew that he and Jacob had a deadline to hand these two girls over to the Kouken of Earth. The only question that they kept coming back to is ‘what they were going to do to them once they were in the K.O.E.’s jurisdiction’. Connor looked at Yuki, who was deep in conversation with Jess, seeing only a beautiful girl, but he didn’t think that the Kouken of Earth would see what he saw.
“Jacob,” His friend looked at him seeming to know what he was about to say, “I don’t want to go back to the K.O.E. I don’t think they’ll let Yuki or Jess stay no matter what we do.” He said and knew that Jacob got the meaning of what he was saying.
“Hey Jess!” He called softly, the female werewolf wondered over, evidently not sensing the mood, since she had a huge grin plastered onto her face.
“Yuki, could you come here for a moment please?” Connor said and waited for her to come and sit by his side as she usually did, however when she didn’t he felt panic begin to rise as he thought of the worst reasons for why she wasn’t responding.
“Yeah what is it?” Yuki asked from behind him, he looked back and froze. The girl behind him looked and sounded like Yuki except her eyes were completely wrong, one was solid gold and the other pure silver. Immediately he jumped away from her and took hold of his Desert Eagle that he kept hidden beneath his trench coat.
“I would not do that if I were you.” She warned and gestured to her right, Jacob was unconscious and he saw that the other impostor had her sharp nails gently grazing his neck.
“What are you?” He asked taking his hand away from his primary weapon, but not dropping his guard completely.
“We are demons, and you are a disgusting half-breed.” The Yuki demon said disgust thick in its voice.
“Yes you are a mere half-breed; however, you hold something far greater than any other demon or vampire in existence. You and your friend here hold the blood of the two greatest demons ever to have set foot in this putrid realm.” The Jess demon explained standing up, with Jacob in tow, she stared at Connor, noting his features, but mostly the eyes.
“We’re going to test you; if you can get your friend out of my grasp then we’ll free him and the other two, however if you fail your friend is coming with us. Ready? Set? Go!” She exclaimed and was almost shocked by how quickly he moved, the attack caught her off guard, but being a demon of agility she dodged the attack and launched her own offensive strike. The kick struck his abdomen, however this didn’t cause him to falter instead he laughed and took hold of her leg, he pulled her toward him, and raised his arm to the deliver the finishing blow, but the demon’s partner tackled him from the side. Unlike the other demon this one was more a child then anything. Connor merely toyed with it and once he felt the time was right he pulled it to him, keeping it locked in a twisted embrace and drove his deadly canines into her soft throat. 

The demon that was posing as Jess stood there and watched as he fed from its companion, as it watched it saw his eyes change from the deep, dark brown with a crimson hue, into two pools of blue and black flames. There was no doubt now, that vampire was his child. The demon took hold of the werewolf and, in a flurry of black rose petals disappeared, from that world and reappeared in its home world.

Once Connor had finished feeding from the demon he realised that the other one had held true to its word, since he had failed to release its hold on his friend it had taken him away. He felt his knees give and he knelt on the cold, stone floor. What’s going on, he thought as he knelt there, they came to test me, but why? 
I can answer that question. The voice whispered through his mind and he felt the world begin to spin around him. Once it had stopped he breathed a sigh of relief, which was cut short by his face connecting with the stone floor.
“Owwwww.” He groaned and lost conscious. 

The location that stretched before him was one that no human could understand. The world before him was… nothing. The only source of light came from a human figure a foot in front of him.
“Am I dead?” He asked calmly, the figure’s shoulders began to shake as though it was laughing.
“No,” It said its voice echoed Connor’s except with a slight sadness, “You are alive, this is an Out of Body Experience, during which I am going to show you the origins of you and your friend’s birth.” The figure stepped forward and pierced Connor’s chest with his hand.

He awoke to the sounds of screams. The sound of an explosion nearby caused him to move instinctively into a crouched position. The scene before him was not a pretty sight, human corpses were everywhere. He looked around and saw at least three hundred soldiers charging like mad men at an enemy force that seemed to stretch for miles. 
“Hey stop!” He yelled, however they continued as though he had never spoken.
“They cannot hear you.” A voice spoke from his side, at first he didn’t see anything then he noticed a slight disturbance in the air.
“What do you mean?” He questioned the invisible being.
“This is the past young vampire we aren’t actually here, we’re simply observers.” It explained.
“Why are we here then? This just looks like World War Two.”
“You are correct, however that was a cover up. Some of the strongest countries united in a successful attempt to eliminate a rather large vampire uprising; an uprising led by Yuuku Excrucio.” It said.
“What? Yuuku’s not evil though.” Connor protested.
“She knew that you held more power than most vampires, and so she lied to you and your friend.” As he spoke the scene shifted to a twisted world, towers stood tall in the distance all of which seemed to be crawling with disgusting gargoyle like creatures. In front of him stood four columns, which obscured his view of the huge stone table in the centre of the four.
“Where are we?” He asked disgust filled his voice as he looked at the horrible creatures.
“The Demon World, Ritsuzen.” The voice explained. Connor turned to look in the direction of the voice and was astonished to see a nearly exact duplicate of him. The copy was a little bit taller than he was, its eyes were just black globes, and its complexion was slightly paler then his.
“What are you? How come I couldn’t see you before? Why are we here?” The questions flowed freely from his mouth as though he had no control over them.
“I am a similar demon to the two you encountered at the church,” It explained, “I simply hid myself in case they noticed me and we are here to show you the truth behind your birth given power.” As it spoke Connor moved himself in order to get a better view of what was happening. Once in position he saw a heavily pregnant women tied to the stone, her legs had been lifted into a birthing position, however from what he could see the women was not in labour.
“What are they doing to her?” He whispered to himself.
“They are about to feed her the combined blood of three very powerful demons and the blood of a vampire, they will then use sorcery to force the blood to combine with the unborn infant.” The demon explained.
“Is she my mother?” He barely managed to choke the words out.
“Yes, you will be born in a matter of minutes.” The demon explained.
“But why wasn’t I raised here?” He asked.
“Watch and you shall see.” The demon instructed. They sat there and watched the demons prepare for the ritual.
“What about Jacob? Wasn’t he born the same way I was?” He enquired.
“I do not know the details; all I can say for sure is that he has the blood of both vampire and werewolf.” The demon explained. Before Connor could question it again, he saw the demons converge on the women, his mother. With extreme gentleness that seemed impossible for the disgusting demons, they lifted her head and put a glass, filled with a strange black, dark green, and dark blue liquid, to her lips. When she refused to drink they whispered something into her ear, even though his hearing far more powerful than a human’s he couldn’t make out the words, but whatever they said had the desired affect; his mother drank the contents of the glass. Immediately she flattened herself against the stone and screamed as she instinctively tried to push the baby out of her genitalia. All the while the demons gathered in a circle around her and began an ancient chant, after hours of pushing and screaming the infant emerged. Connor had seen someone give birth before when his grandmother’s friend’s daughter had gone into labour and they had to drive her to the hospital, the doctors had said that he couldn’t watch, but he found a way to sneak into the room, afterwards he had vomited onto a nurse who was trying to get him out of the room and gotten himself grounded for over a month. He stared at the small… thing. In the hands of a demon was a infant with a single horn on his human shaped head, the whites of it’s eyes were jet black with a flame like blue iris that seemed to burn, adorning his back were two angelic wings with oil black feathers and red streaking through the middle, and all across his body were symbols that seemed ancient. 
“That can’t be me.” Connor said in complete disbelief.
“That is you, however the form you are seeing is if your power was fully unleashed. Now watch.” It ordered. Connor watched as half a dozen demons dropped dead in an instant. The demon that was holding Connor attempted to flee while the rest stared at the humanoid figure that now stood on the stone table. The figure’s face was concealed by a hood, however once it pulled this away from its face Connor’s breath caught in his throat. The man standing in the centre looked exactly like him, except for the slight stubble and scared face. 
“Is he-?” Connor let the question hang in the air.
“Yes that would be your father.” The demon said sounding awed by Connor’s father. They watched as he killed the demon holding Connor as an infant; however he had been too focused on that particular demon to notice that the rest had converged on him. His father saluted them and in a small burst of light he, and the infant, disappeared.

Connor awoke once again, however this time on the stone floor of the church. Slowly he stretched and was shocked when he felt something else flex as well. He turned his head to the side and saw them, two huge black wings extending from his shoulder blades; he felt the top of his head and found the single horn poking through his hair. 
“No I can’t be like this; I don’t want to be like this.” He whispered to himself over and over again. Eventually he felt the horn and wings recede into his body. He fell to floor once again gasping for air. Power was flowing freely throughout his body now. And with it I’ll get them back, he thought and attempted to stand but his knees buckled under his weight, after I’ve rested then, with that last thought he fell unconscious. 

Jacob sat in his prison cell at the K.O.E. headquarters trying to make sense out of what had just transpired: He had been about to go on the run with Connor, Yuki, and Jess when Jess had struck him over the head, afterwards Yuki had carried his unconscious body to the K.O.E. When he had woken Yuuku was there to greet him.
“Hello Jacob. I hope you had a nice nap,” She had said her voice sounding cold and filled with malice. He had attempted to speak, but his throat hurt to bad to even try. “You have two choices Jacob, become a servant to my will or lose her.” At the mention of her, Jess’ unconscious form was brought into the room. 
“What do you need her for?” He yelled and coughed. She had smiled; something about the way she grinned at him caused a cold shiver to pass through his body.
“You see Jacob, the blood of a werewolf and vampire give me far more power than most demons, but the problem is that I need to feed from two at once and let me tell you it’s isn’t pleasant.” She had explained and pulled a sour expression at the memory of the taste, “But you… You are a perfect hybrid and your blood,” She paused as she shivered in pleasure at the memory of when she first ingested his blood “It’s so good, just the thought… Anyway I need you and you need me.” She nodded toward the unconscious Jess. Through the pain in his throat he managed to speak.
“Fine, but if you harm her in any way I promise to make your life a living hell.”

Since then they had allowed him to be with Jess for short periods of time, but each day he saw her mental state beginning to decay. He looked into her eyes and saw the beginnings of madness developing there. What have they been doing to you? He thought, Connor you better get here soon.

Yuuku was in a state of ecstasy. The lycanthrope believed that she wanted him to be her servant, when in fact she had much bigger plans. She began to laugh at her thoughts when a blood curdling scream emitted from the hall outside of her door. When she was about to investigate the doors flew open with such incredible force that they cracked her stone walls, she looked to the door expecting Jacob when the sight before her caused her heart to cease beating. 

Connor had entered the main stronghold of the K.O.E, with minimal effort: The guards outside were not prepared for him, so they had been dealt with easily enough. Inside the forces had been alerted of his approach and had proceeded to organise a blockade of vampires and werewolves. 
“I advise that get out of my way,” When they didn’t reply he continued, “Well don’t say I didn’t warn you.” He muttered under his breath. Seconds later he was walking past their groaning bodies. He walked into the living quarters and was relieved to that the remainder of the staff had fled from the building. As he approached Yuuku’s office he encountered only one guard.
“Well I didn’t expect to see you again so soon.” The unmistakable voice of Yuki spoke to him.
“I’m going to enjoy this far more then I should.” He whispered to himself. The demon charged him from the side; however his speed had increased drastically since unlocking his demonic power. He side stepped causing the demon to fly past him, or it would have if he hadn’t grabbed it by the neck and suspended it in the air.
“How… how did you gain so much power?” It managed to cough out the words.
“Well… I would tell you, but you see there’s a problem.”
“What would that be?”                     
“You’re dead.”
“But that’s not righ-” The rest of the sentence was cut off by Connor’s fangs sinking into its flesh; the scream it emitted was music to his ears.
     
Now he stood in front of the oak doors. He grunted as he allowed his wings and horn to emerge from his flesh. Ein, zwei drei! He counted in his head, and brought his fist against the two doors with minimal force. The result was powerful to say the least.
“Hey Yuuku I’m home!” He called cheerfully as he stepped into the room. Yuuku was practically curled up in a ball when he finally saw her.
“C-Connor,” She stuttered his name, “What happened to you?”
“There’ll be plenty of time for that. First I want to know one thing; why did you lie to me?” When she didn’t answer immediately, he pulled out his Desert Eagle and trained his sights on her.






Chapter 6: No Mercy for the Merciless

Jacob heard the commotion and knew that Connor had come with a vengeance. With hope swelling inside of him he turned to Jess who was curled into a ball, muttering wordlessly to herself.
“Come on Jess,” He spoke softly, “Time to get the hell out of here.” She looked up at him and stretched to brush her lips against his. 
“Let’s go.” She said sounding cheerful now. Jacob shook his head in amusement. She’s a strange girl; he thought and raced after her.

Connor stood in front of Yuuku, disgust turning his usually warm eyes into supernovas, they were extremely bright and beautiful, but incredibly destructive. 
“I never lied to you though. I needed your help to defeat the demons.” She said desperation making voice go up an octave.
“I’m only guessing here, but my best guess is that you planned to use Jacob and me as a sacrifice in order to open up a path to the land from Ritsuzen. This would allow the demons to enter the human realm and bring humanity to it’s’ knees, afterwards you would destroy the path and take control over the Earth.” He said and struggled to control his expression as Yuuku stared at him in shock.
“But you’ll let me use you as the sacrifice. Because if you don’t, then your precious Yuki will die.” She said a smug smile playing at her lips.
“Oh yeah, about Yuki, I forgot to give you something from her.” He said and with incredible force punched Yuuku in the chest, the result made him regret it however. He had hit her with such force that she had flown through the stone walls; this caused a domino effect as cracks began to spread alone the rest. Oh crap! He thought as the room collapsed on top of him.

Yuki laid unconscious in her cell, until a strange bright light penetrated the darkness she was trapped in. 
“It’s time to wake up Yuki.” Connor’s voice spoke from the light. Instantly she sat up and began looking wildly around the unfamiliar surroundings, she stopped once her eyes fell on the person next to her.
“W-w-where am I? What is this place?” She asked the person standing beside her and gasped at the pain in her head. 
“Take it easy, they probably did a number on you.” He said, while his hands prodded her cranium for signs of swelling.
“Connor?” She gasped astonished.
“Connor’s the name and rescuing you is my game.” He joked. She squealed with delight and wrapped her arms around his neck as she pulled him down to her lips. 
“Why is it that I always walk in on you kissing someone?” Jacob complained from the door. The pair broke apart and proceeded to glare at him. 
“Shall we go?” Connor asked the still shocked Yuki.
“Of course, but won’t they come after us?” She questioned both Connor and Jacob.
“It’s likely, but after what Connor did to their main force I doubt that they’ll come after us any time soon.” Jacob said thoughtfully. 
“Wait how did one vampire defeat an entire army of vampires and werewolves by himself?” She asked suspicious.
“Um… you see Yuki I’m not a fully fledged vampire.” As he spoke the words he allowed his wings to extend from his back, “I’m partially a mixture of demons. But that’s a tale for a different time.” He said and grabbed her arm gently, pulling her to her feet. They walked out of the wreckage that used to be the K.O.E. their walk so smooth and graceful that to the surviving vampires and werewolves they looked like four gods.

Months past, they had settled in a small town in Alaska, Connor had acquired a large mansion there by ‘persuading’ the original owners to sign the deed over to him. The time had passed with relative peacefulness, aside from the odd vampire or werewolf wondering to close to the town’s border, however they dealt with them cleanly and quickly. The life they had at that moment was truly a small portion of heaven. Until the day of an unprecedented solar eclipse. Yuki and Jess had been first to notice as they had been out shopping that day. The solar eclipse simply made the humans stare in awe at the black sun; however every vampire and lycanthrope could sense the demonic nature behind it.
“We have a huge problem.” Yuki said when she walked through the door and dumped her bags of clothes onto the wooden floor.
“We know, it’s not just here though, apparently all over the world there has been either a solar or lunar eclipse.” Connor said from the living room. She walked in and saw the news channel turned on, the news lady was currently doing an on sight report about the eclipses.
“Scientists still offer no explanation about the random solar eclipse that has happened here, and we are getting reports that we are not the only ones, from what we can gather everyone, is that the only country not affected by a solar or lunar eclipse is Britain.” Connor turned the TV of and stood up.
“Well that settles it,” He began to walk up the stairs; “Jacob and I are going to Britain. You and Jess will fly to a separate location in Malibu, that way they shouldn’t go looking for you two. Jacob! Get your ass up, we’re going home!” He shouted as he walked into his room. 
“Our peace is ruined.” She whispered under her breath and went to assist Jess with her packing.

Two and a half hours later they were speeding towards the closest airport.
“Here’s the plan, Jacob and I will stop Yuuku from doing whatever it is she has planned and you two will try to relax in Malibu.” Connor said as he passed yet another awed human.
“No we are not.” Yuki replied firmly.
“Yes you are.” Connor replied trying to sound angry, but only worry filled his voice. She laid her hand on his shoulder.
“Don’t worry, Jess and I can take care of ourselves, right Jess?” She assured him. The airport came into view.
“Fine however you two are to do exactly as I say.” He ordered his shoulders hunched in defeat.

They purchased the tickets and were soon on a 1st class flight to the U.K. The flight was pleasant enough, however their thoughts constantly returned to what possibly awaited them. Along the way the two females managed to distract themselves by going through the changes that had happened to them over the months. 

Yuki thought about her parents before they had been killed by a vampire, the same vampire who changed her. The weeks that followed were filled with subjugated anger. On the day of a full moon she had been hunting with him, once they found their prey, a pair of women on a hiking trip, the wolf had struck during the attack. Yuki had reacted quickly; even though the creature didn’t appear to be after her she chased it alongside him. The fight that ensued was ferocious, they had tackled it to the ground and landed half a dozen punches into the large wolf, but it brushed these off and proceeded to bite deeply into Yuki’s arm, the cry that emerged from her lips was painful to the wolf causing it to released her arm, as she attempted to stand the bite began to burn with an intense heat. She awoke the next morning, her arm throbbing. When she attempted to sit up her body wouldn’t obey her commands.
“Don’t move.” Someone ordered and pressed something that smelled like the most expensive chocolate against her lips. Immediately she let her vampire instincts take over, she latched onto the arm and began to suck the blood greedily, and slowly the pain that had been spreading through her body began to dissipate.
“Thank you.” She gasped upon releasing the person’s arm, no reply. Her eyes snapped open to find no one there.       

Jess remembered when the werewolf had bitten her and permanently altered her life. The evening had gone well enough, her date had been perfect, and as she began the ascent to her grandmother’s shine she heard something move in the bushes beside the stone steps. Instead of climbing the stairs faster she went to explore the source of the sound. Five minutes later she was attacked by the lycanthrope. Weeks passed and with each passing day she felt her resentment against the werewolf lesson. She resented it for making her inhuman, but she slowly began to realise the amazing things she could do now, for starters she was able to see clearly in the night, she could clearly hear the smallest bit of sound, her athletic abilities increased to phenomenal levels, and her sense of feeling intensified to the point where a single kiss felt like bliss. Her happiness ended on the night of a full moon. Once she had said goodnight to her grandmother she entered her room and locked the door. The change occurred while she was re-reading Twilight, her skin began to heat up until she felt like she would burst into flames, her nose and mouth began to turn waxy as they distended from her face to form her muzzle, her teeth extended into fangs and her manicured nails began to lengthen into black talons. Once the change ended she felt more alive than ever, her mind had changed from the teenage girl who constantly worried about her GCSE levels into that of a hunter. The sound of a heart beating nearby drew her attention to the locked door.

Three full moons later she still felt the pain of losing her grandmother to the terrible beast that she had become. That night she had left her small town’s borders and entered the woods so she could change without the fear of killing anyone. That was the night she had first encountered them. The creatures looked human, but their scent gave them away for what they truly were. She stalked them until they began to feed off of an innocent couple of women, even though the wolf within her was only angry about them taking her kill, she became enraged and charged the two demonic creatures. They were faster then she had anticipated, they abandoned their kill and began to chase after her. The things were strong, she realised this as they began to viciously attack her, she also realised that she would have take the blows and strike when they thought she was dead. The opportunity came sooner then she had expected; the female let her guard down for a second, that second was all it took. Jess struck, burying her fangs deep into the monster’s flesh, the thing screamed with such extreme volume she had to let go. Her companion was amazingly quick to react, instead of covering it’s ears, it tackled her. The pair fought with all their might, until they finally bit each other. The pain flared immediately causing her to stumble. Once the night had passed she felt her body return to her human form, however the pain emitting from the bite wound wouldn’t dissipate until he came. The man stood above her, his face hidden by a hood, he knelt next to her and pushed a bottle filled with a dark red liquid against her lips.
“Drink it and you’ll heal.” The stranger said and she drank the entire contents of the bottle. The pain slowly disappeared.
“I owe you.” She said, but received no reply, looking up she realised that the man had already left.

They were brought back to the present by the sudden and extreme shaking of the plane. 
“My apologies passengers, but we are experiencing mild turbulence; it should pass shortly, but we advise you sit back relax and shut the **** up! Just kidding, but seriously put your seatbelts on.” The pilot said.
“I’ll be right back.” Connor said as everyone began to fasten their seatbelts. 
“Where’re you going?” Yuki enquired.
“The toilet.” He replied.

Five minutes later he stood on top of the plane standing in the middle of a storm.
“I guess that you wouldn’t wait for us to come to you then?” He called to the silhouette opposite him.
“Of course not. Do you think I’d risk you getting anywhere near the main gate.” Yuuku shouted back. Gate, he thought, this just keeps getting better and better. 
“How did you do it? I thought you needed Jacob or me to open even the smallest gate.” 
“Ordinarily yes, however I found a way.” She replied. 
“Enough with the small talk, I assume you’re here for a rematch,” He stretched his wings to their full length, “Shall we dance?” He joked and launched himself from the plane. The intense wind made flight difficult, however he managed. He flew behind her and prepared to shoot her with his M9. 

Yuuku studied him as he allowed a small portion of his demonic blood to flow unrestricted. That’s one, I just need to get him to use the other two and he’ll lose control. She thought and prepared herself for whatever type of assault he attempted, when he appeared behind her, his gun ready to fire, she simply wasn’t there anymore. Instead she now stood behind him, her hands hooked into deadly claws ready to slash his head off of his shoulders; however he mimicked her and disappeared from sight. The battle continued, he attacked she dodged, she attacked he dodged, finally one of her punches connected with his face. Groaning he stepped back, once he looked up however Yuuku shivered in pure terror. His eyes had changed from their warm crimson tinged brown to bright blue flames surrounded by darkness, and on a small part of his head a small horn grew through his flesh. Now the marks. She thought and waited for the markings to appear. Any moment now. I’m sure they’ll pop up any second. Oh for the love of crap! She shouted internally and rushed him.

Jacob felt rather then heard his friend’s decent into darkness. The booms of lightning masked the sounds of the battle he could feel raging just above them.
“Connor’s in trouble.” He told the two female passengers. They immediately rose from their seats.
“Where is he then?” Yuki asked slightly hysterical.
“Just above us, I think he’s fighting Yuuku though and I can tell you from experience that she is strong.” He informed them; his expression was calm and focused however inside he was in chaos.
“Then let’s go help him.” Jess said and began walking to the door.
“No! We can’t help him remember? He’s the only one here who can fly.” He reminded them. Connor what are you doing up there? He thought as they returned to their seats to try and come up with a plan. 

Connor could feel the darkness of his demonic blood calling to him; however he kept it at bay. The battle was wearing him down though and he could feel his control slipping with each blow. Somehow Yuuku had become infinitely stronger, making her easily able to keep up with his speed. I guess my only chance is to use that. He thought and allowed the marks to appear on his arms; silently he called to the sword he had brought with him. The blade flew into his open hand.

Yuuku looked at the blade he now held. The blade was two metres in length and the colour of new blood while the handle was intricately designed with black and blue flames. No, not that blade. She thought and remembered all the stories she had been told about a katana said to hold the power of over ten thousand demons, the Letum. While she was caught up in her own thoughts Connor had launched a shockwave with the demonic weapon. 

By using the Letum he had allowed more of his soul to be devoured by the darkness of his demon heritage. However he knew that no one could dodge the weapon’s attack. He launched a shockwave at the ancient vampire, and what happened next shook him to the core. The being who stood before him was not Yuuku.

Yuuku knew she had no choice other than to use the corpse of Connor’s mother. She honestly hated the use of necromancy; however her present situation forced her hand. Using the spell that the demon sorcerers had taught her she breathed temporary life into the dead human. The soul returned reluctantly, having enjoyed the bliss of death, to its original body. The surprised expression on her enemy’s face was what she had been hoping for. The supernatural attack had ceased in its tracks.

Jacob felt the whole plane begin to shudder with the power he felt emitting from Connor. 
“Now we’re going to try and help him.” He said to the two worried females sitting opposite him.
“Finally.” They replied in unison. 
“I was beginning to go insane.” They spoke at the same time and in the same aspirated voice.                    
“Yeah yeah. Give me a moment.” He said and walked away grinning at the stupidity of what he was about to do. He walked to the cockpit of the plane. 
“What do you want Mr. Varg?” The pilot asked not turning away from his controls.
“Oh nothing.” He said and brought his fist down onto the top of the pilot’s head. Immediately the plane began to shudder far more violently then before. 

“What are you trying to do Yuuku?” He shouted visibly disturbed by the sudden appearance of his mother.
“Nothing I just thought you would like to meet her. After all you are her child.” Yuuku said and in a flash of lightning he saw her smiling as though this was all an amusing play where they were her actors and she was the director.
“This isn’t funny you evil *****!” He yelled the obscenity at her and was about to attack with his sword, but he quickly tamed his temper when he remembered that the apparition in front of him was his mother. She may be evil, but she’s right, he thought, I’ve wanted to meet her and this is my only chance. Lowering his sword he watched the woman walk toward him, hands outstretched like a zombie. The un-dead corpse reached him fairly quickly and began to whisper the words that would bring about the end of Earth. 
“Don’t be ashamed of the demon blood in your veins, it is what makes you able to protect your friends.” Once the final words were uttered the flesh, that had begun to regenerate, dissolved along with the skeleton. 
“See what she means Connor? Without your full demonic power you won’t be able to protect those friends of yours. “Who should be gone by now, just so you know.” Yuuku said and disappeared from sight.
“Wait, what do you mean?” He yelled the question at her, but she was gone.

Jacob had completed his part of the deal, now all he had to do was force Connor to use his complete power, then he and Yuki will die in order for the demons to cross into their world.
“Hey Jacob, just one question, do you think we’re stupid?” Yuki asked through the door just before it blasted inwards. Yuki and Jess stood in the doorway small smiles plastered to their faces.
“Okay so how the hell did you two figure it out?” He enquired. Great just great now I have to deal with these two, he thought, but then again I may not have to. 

Yuki could smell her. Yuuku had somehow penetrated Jacob’s mind and twisted it to her way of thinking. Either that or he’s just stupid. She informed Jess of her suspicions. 
“I agree,” Jess said after Yuki had finished speaking, “He has been acting differently, like when we arrived in Alaska he seemed very unhappy to be so far away from Britain.” They both looked to the cockpit of the plane.
“I’m thinking we tie him up and question him while Connor deals with whoever’s fighting him.” She looked at her best friend a question in her eyes.
“Read my mind Yuki, you know, you really have to stop doing that.” Jess replied and rose from her seat. In seconds they stood at the front of the plane preparing to break the door down.
“Do you think we should say “little pigs, little pigs let us in” or should we just break the door and kick his ass?” Yuki asked a small smile curving her lips.
“Let’s go for the second option.” Jess replied and stood back as she watched Yuki raise her fist and brought it down on the door. Inside they saw Jacob standing behind the slump positioned pilot.
“Hey Jacob, just one question, do you think we’re stupid?” Yuki asked as she stepped into the small pace.
“Okay so, how the hell did you figure it out?” He didn’t sound surprised only slightly annoyed.
“Well you see Yuuku’s stench is very difficult to mask.” She replied and laughed a little.
“What did you just say about me?” The question came from behind the two girls, who turned around to see Yuuku standing in the middle of the plane. 
“Oh great, now we’re screwed.” Jess muttered to herself. Just then the plane crashed.

Connor felt the plane begin to descend and knew that unless he got everyone off the flying vehicle they would die, but the shock of what had just happened seemed to freeze his body. Yuuku had given his mother life and then took that away from him, she had befriended him when he and Jacob had only just changed from human into two creatures of the night, she had made it possible to meet Yuki, and now she was trying to kill them all. Slowly he felt the pain of betrayal begin to dissipate only to be replaced by anger. The force of the emotion caused his slight control over his demonic blood to break. He felt the marks begin to burn as they appeared one by one on his skin. The Letum began to pulsate with power and he felt its desire to kill, to feel the blood of its victims spill onto its blade. Well I’m not gonna disappoint it then. As he stood he allowed a slightly hysterical and pure evil laugh escape his lips. He laughed even as the plane crashed and exploded. 












               
                          















Chapter 7: Awakening

Jacob felt like hell to say the least. After the plane crashed Yuuku’s hold on his mind had been broken, however that gave him little reason to celebrate. Yuki and Jess were nowhere in sight and Yuuku’s unconscious body laid beside him. He would have killed her there and then, however he lacked the energy to lift his arm let alone kill someone. Unable to muster the energy to stay conscious his eyelids began to droop; his last sight was a winged figure flying away.

His dream began on a pleasant note, but that quickly turned unpleasant. The images he saw were horrific to say the least. One second he saw Jess with her eyes gouged out, the next he saw himself lying on the ground with his stomach ripped open and his body so disfigured that for a second he didn’t recognise himself.
“This is what awaits you should Connor give in to his demon bloodline.” A voice that eerily resembled his spoke to him, however Jacob couldn’t locate the source of the voice.
“Who are you? What do you mean by Connor’s demon bloodline? And how the hell can you hide from me in my own dream?” He questioned the voice quickly; it answered the questions calmly as though it didn’t have a care in the world.
“I am a demon who chose the humans over my kind. Connor was born three quarters demon and one quarter vampire, in other words he wasn’t in the slightest bit human, and I’m not hiding from you just look down.” The demon instructed. Jacob followed the instruction and saw that the demon was speaking via his dreamt up corpse. Controlling his disgust Jacob continued,
“Why do you think Connor will give into his demonic urges? He’s done nothing but repress them.” He wanted to speak these words, but his mouth wouldn’t obey his orders, instead what came out was, “He has already given into the demonic blood, and I fear that he’s going to bring the demons to this world.” What the hell? Seriously why can’t I control what I say? He thought and realised why, he was observing something that had happened already. But I don’t remember any of this. How can this have happened without my remembering it? 
“Yes I sense that now. You are nowhere near as strong as he is presently, however there is a way to increase your strength to rival his.” The demon didn’t look pleased by the thought of doing whatever it was thinking of doing.
“How, tell me now.” He ordered quivering with controlled excitement.
“You would have to cross to a different universe through the power of sorcery.” it paused to allow him to absorb this then continued, “This universe is very similar to yours, however the beings in this world are far superior to you. You see there isn’t just the demon’s universe and yours; there is a third that helps maintain order in the other universes. They will look deep into your soul and if they deem you worthy they will allow you to drink from the source of their extreme power, however if they deem you unworthy then they will not hesitate to kill you” Jacob’s past self took this in silently, a contemplating look on his face.
“I’ll do it, besides my friend’s’ lives are on the line here. If I must then I will fight for the right to their power.” He said resolve thick in his voice. Wait; don’t tell me I’m already in this other universe. He awoke at that moment. 

Jacob was lying on a solid yet soft surface that seemed to manoeuvre itself to make him comfortable; as he opened his eyes he heard running footsteps nearby, coming towards him. Are they enemies? No these must be the inhabitants of this universe. He thought and opened one eye. They looked human, same shape, same structures, except the males were obviously very powerful and the women were extremely attractive, the two genders were almost completely different the only two things they all had in common were their elf like ears and silver hair. They were speaking to one another in a language that could’ve been Chinese, Japanese and Arabic in one.
“Hi.” Was all he said and began to sit up; the crowd backed away from him. The only one who didn’t go with the others was a teenage female who walked toward him, clearly curious about him.
“I never would have imagined that there really were other forms of life other than ours, yet here you are. What is your name?” She asked in fluent English.
“Jacob Varg. What about yours?” He asked her, thankful that she was relaxed unlike the rest of her people.
“Erufu Otome. To you I think it translates to Elf Girl. Oh where are my manners? I haven’t even greeted you properly yet.” She said, Jacob expected a handshake or a kiss on the cheek, and was extremely surprised when she pressed her lips to his. He held his lips firmly closed until she tickled him slightly causing him to lose the tight control he had, her mouth moulded against his and her tongue explored his mouth whilst his explored hers. The spectators didn’t interrupt them as they kissed and tasted each other.
“Erufu I think that he feels welcome enough now.” A male voice spoke from the front of the crowd. Jacob pulled away from her and stared in shock at her, she smiled and whispered,
“We’ll continue this later. Don’t think I don’t know about male anatomy, you were enjoying that almost as much as I was.” She pecked him on the cheek with her lips and walked to the side of a similar aged boy who wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her close to him, he didn’t seem annoyed or even surprised by his girlfriend’s behaviour. The elf like people stared at him for a second longer until a tall, muscular male walked forward.
“We do not know why you are here stranger, but we would like to hear your tale if you have one.” The male had a deep voice that suited him perfectly. Jacob informed them that he had come here to try and gain their power in order to save his friend, who had been corrupted by his demon heritage. The people watched him intently; their eyes seemed to look into his soul.
“Now I require your assistance to save him and my world.” He finished. Erufu looked at him with a mixture of admiration and lust. 

After an hour of non-stop questions, mainly about his species among other things, finally an elf with shoulder length silver hair and an expression that gave the impression that he despised the sight of Jacob.
“We have sensed the disturbances in your world and we have seen what you truly are lycanthrope.” The elf paused for a dramatic effect, “We also know why you have come to our land.” Jacob stared confounded by their knowledge of his greatest secret.
“Then you know that I need more power in order to save the human race.” Jacob said. He expected them to agree, but only if he could pass a test of strength or something, his expectation was not met by the elves though, the entire crowd nodded in unison.
“We have seen the light resonating from your soul. Our power is given to us by a sword of immense power, we call it the Blade of Sonshitsu, or the Blade of Loss in English.” The male elf explained.
“Why would you call it that?” Jacob enquired confused by the name. Surely if it gives them power then they wouldn’t call it the Blade of Loss.
“The reason for its name is obvious, when we wield it for a fraction of a second, it gives us power, however when we hold it for too long then the blade’s power begins to literally burn us from the inside.” The elf explained and Jacob felt a sudden tremor pass thought the ground beneath him.
“What was that?” He asked. Before the elf could reply a young male elf in armour similar to a Greek’s armour, came running towards them waving his arms and shouting something. Once he was within their hearing range they could make out the words clearly.
“Demons have broken through! They’ve killed everyone else!” The young elf was about to continue when a curved blade appeared in the centre of his chest. He stared at it for a second before his heart ceased forever and he slumped to the ground.
“I guess we better get to that blade then huh?” 

Once they had evacuated everyone to a safe underground location, the elf leader began leading Jacob through a large forest.
“Where are we going?” Jacob asked for the fifth time. He was getting fed up with the numerous dangers they had had to face in the forest, first they had to kill an enormous three headed snake, then they had to run like hell from an army of poisonous arachnids, and, to add insult to injury, they had to kill a wolf with five, fire breathing heads, a dozen tails tipped with steel and fur that began to constrict anything that touched it.
“Not that much farther, the temple, it is guarded in is no more than half a mile away.” The elf said barely winded from the ordeals they had been through. **** This I’m changing. He thought and transformed from a semi normal teenager into a deadly hound of hell. When he was beside the elf he growled for it to get on his back.

Moments later they stood in front of the enormous structure. Even though most people would be awed by the sight he could think one thing, Egyptians weren’t very original after all. The structure that stood before them was an extra large pyramid, easily double the height and width of one in his world.
“Do not spend too much time staring young lycanthrope, we came here to see if you are worthy of the Blade of Sonshitsu.” The elf reminded him.
“How do we get in?” Jacob enquired, “I don’t see an entrance.” He said looking around for a door of some kind. The elf chuckled and walked to the base of the pyramid, he whispered something that Jacob couldn’t hear and then the ground beneath began to rumble. Jacob turned around, his eyes taking on a wolfish glow, expecting to see hundreds of demons sprinting towards them. However the sight before him was unexpected to say the least. There was no forest surrounding them now, instead there was four slanted plain walls.
“How the hell did we get inside so quickly?” He asked obviously surprised by the sudden change of scenery.
“It is an illusion. You see even here we get the odd elf that becomes corrupted by evil; they always come looking for the Blade of Sonshitsu. To make sure they never found it we made it so that an illusion would be projected when someone enters the room. Only certain people can see through this and you’re one of them.” The elf explained. 
“What do you mean? All I saw before was a hell of a lot of trees and an enormous pyramid.” Jacob informed the elf.
“No you didn’t. You’re split in two young one. One half is human; the other is more or less a demon. It is this half that saw through the illusion. Now that we’ve gotten the explanations out of the way I believe that we came to find the Blade of Son-” The elf’s sentence was cut off by the sudden intense shudder of the building.
“I know that you’re in there Jacob!” Connor’s muffled voice echoed through the hollow inside, “Hurry up and get out here, I need to test my full strength on someone worthy!” He called and the building shuddered slightly again then stopped.
“I’m guessing we should hurry?” Jacob thought aloud.
“I agree. The Blade should be in front of you.” The elf said and Jacob heard him begin to walk away.
“Wait, where are you going?” He asked, but he already knew the answer.
“To give your friend that challenge he wants so badly.”

Connor had never felt more powerful than he did at that moment. After flying away from that plane wreckage he had found Yuuku’s portal to Ritsuzen, from there he had entered the world of demons. At first he had been attacked at every chance they got, however he dispatched the attackers quickly. The attacks ceased after he had entered the fortress of an unbelievably powerful demon and left with the demon’s head under his arm. Afterward the demons told him everything about the elves’ world known as Yasuragi and how they were stronger than every other living being. He had proceeded to help them open a portal to Yasuragi. Now he stood in front of a huge pyramid tapping his foot to the music emitting from his mp3, along with his new personality he had decided on a different set of clothes too. He now wore a long crimson trench coat, a pair of oil black tattered jeans with a sheath tied to his belt, and an inverted cross necklace. This was not the only change to his appearance; his eyes were now permanently two pools of blue and black flames. Come on Jacob, if you don’t hurry and get that weapon this won’t be any fun. He thought and, as if on cue, a large brick at the base of the pyramid slid from its place, from this hole a tall, pointed eared, silver haired man arose.
“Well at least someone’s going to fight me.” Connor said and began to move towards the elf.
“Not yet young one. There is one condition I must make with you first.” The elf said stopping Connor in his tracks.
“What is this ‘condition’ then?” He asked impatient for the battle to begin.
“Once you’re defeated you will seal away the vast majority of your demonic power.” It said with such certainty that Connor felt like it was an insult.
“Whatever. Can we fight now please?” He said the elf nodded. Instantly Connor launched himself forward, his fist ready to crush the elf’s face. His opponent dodged without the slightest effort. As Connor was about to launch a kick into the elf’s abdomen, suddenly he had the air knocked out of him. His body flew into the air, higher, higher, until he broke through the clouds. 
“Okay that hurt.” He said to himself as he began to fall rapidly to the ground.
“I thought you were strong Connor Tenshi Yami. Yet you are a complete disappointment.” The elf insulted him.
“Now you’ve pissed me off.” Connor replied his voice taking on a demonic growl. The elf watched as his coat changed into two oil black angel wings, a small bit of flesh began to harden and bulge out from his forehead until it formed a small horn, and his skin became riddled with burn like runes.
“And now we see if you’re as strong as you claim-” The rest of the elf’s sentence was cut off by Connor’s hand, which protruded from its chest, drenched in blood and holding the elf’s heart.

Meanwhile inside the pyramid Jacob had found the Blade of Sonshitsu. In the darkness of the building he could easily see its golden blade.
“Okay guess I’ve got to go all King Arthur and pull it from the stone.” He thought aloud and chuckled. Then he took hold of the handle with both of his hands and pulled, the weapon refused to emerge from the ground though.
“I’m afraid that it’s not that easy lycanthrope.”  The weapon glowed slightly as it spoke into his mind.
“What do I have to do then?” He asked, seemingly completely unsurprised by the fact that the weapon could talk.
“The only way for you to be able to wield me, is to accept your vampire blood.” The blade instructed.
“Okay no problem. Um how do I accept it?” He enquired and instantly regretted it. The darkness gradually began to brighten, in order to reveal a holographic projection.
“Watch this and if you accept what you see then my power is yours.” Jacob did as he was instructed. It didn’t take him very long to guess what he was being shown. A pale man stood with his arm around a beautiful, tanned woman, who held in her arms a young baby boy, who looked extremely similar to Jacob. Even he saw it he couldn’t believe it, then the scene changed. The man and woman were in bed locked in an embrace while the man drank from her bleeding neck; Jacob saw their bodies begin to move.
“Okay,” He said quickly, “I’ve seen more than enough.” The hologram disappeared.
“Do you accept what you saw?” The weapon enquired, Jacob nodded in reply. The blade flew from the stone floor into his open hand. When he grasped it the power he had felt emitting from the blade surged through him.
“Look out Connor; I’m coming to get you.” And with that he went to face his friend in a fight to the death.

The sight of Jacob finally emerging from the pyramid made one of the demons, who now served Connor; shout for its master to awaken from his slumber. Although this had been his order the demon was still slaughtered by the sleepy vampire.
“Finally Jacob, I was beginning to die of boredom.” He called to the lycanthrope that was slowly making his way toward him.
“So Connor… I hope you’re ready to lose.” He replied and raised his sword.
“Not yet my friend,” Connor chuckled, “I believe that we should both give a small display of our power.” He waved to roughly two hundred demons behind him.
“What do you mean?” Jacob asked lowering his sword slightly.
“I mean you and I will each kill one hundred of my servants, the one who does so in the quickest time will be allowed one free swing at their opponent. Sound good?” Connor proposed the idea and Jacob had to admit that he was a little eager to test his weapon and see how powerful Connor was.
“Very well then, shall we start in, 3… 2… 1, GO!” He shouted immediately the demons split in half and charged the two sword wielding hybrids. Minutes later Jacob had finished with his hundred and turned to see that Connor had finished before him and was sitting on top of an elephant sized demon corpse drinking a cup of blood.
“About time you finished. I was about to kill them for you.” He said and grinned.
“Hurry up and take your free swing then.” Jacob said he was shocked by how quickly Connor had finished the demons off, I wasn’t trying very hard, but, from the way Connor was acting, neither had he.
“No I think you’ll need every bit of strength you have left.” Connor replied mockingly and jumped down from his make shift throne. The two raised their swords. Jacob’s began to glow with a bright flame while Connor’s remained normal as though there wasn’t the slightest bit of demonic power within it. They flew at one another, their swords clashing in mid swing. The battle was nothing like the movies or books, there was no slow motion action sequence, no insults were spoken and it certainly didn’t last very long at all. After Jacob had intercepted Connor’s six hundred and sixty sixth strike, within a minute, he saw a window of opportunity and seized it. The Blade of Sonshitsu emerged from Connor’s chest half a centimetre away from his heart.

The pain was intolerable; however Connor took it in silence. The blade was sapping the strength from him just like how his blood was pouring from his wound. Jacob withdrew his sword. Perfect now all I need to do is survive this life threatening wound and seal some of my power. He waited expecting his wound to heal and his demonic power to dissipate, however they never did.










Chapter 9: Loss of a Friend

Connor had died by his hand. The fact was undeniable, yet Jacob refused to accept it. He was crouching over his dead friend’s body, trying to get him to drink the small bit of blood that Jacob could give him due to his insanely fast healing ability. The corpse remained completely still. Tears threatened to spill over, but he refused to cry in the presence of his dead friend. He thought of Yuuku and as he allowed her to fill his thoughts he felt the anger begin to swell within him. It’s her fault, it is her fault. She was the one who came to us; she was the one who drove Connor to give into his demonic blood. The world around him seemed to liquefy. Once his surroundings solidified he was no longer on Yasuragi, but instead he knelt on the cold, hard soil of Earth next to the plane crash.
“Yuuku you are so dead.” He growled and leapt into the ocean. 

Yuki awoke feeling like she had gone fifty rounds with a lycanthrope, she gave herself a metal once over to check for damages, she found that she had at least three broken bones, her left shoulder was dislocated, her right hands thumb was hanging by a thread of skin, and she had a large gash above her right eye. The pain was intolerable, since becoming a vampire she had felt very little pain which made this all the worse. She laid there waiting for her broken body to heal itself. Hours past and her body hadn’t healed. It was then that she became aware of her lack of human blood. Groaning she opened her eyes and saw a figure leap into the ocean, where the person had been there was a still body. The corpse was extremely fresh, that much she was certain of. With all her will power she dragged herself to the dead person, the face looked familiar, however in her present state of mind she couldn’t think clearly. Ignoring the familiarity of the dead face she drove her fangs into the cold flesh of the corpse. The blood was far different than any she had tasted before, she felt herself begin to crave more and more. As she was about to drain the body of its remaining blood, she felt a hand place itself on her shoulder. Immediately her defensive instincts kicked in, she whirled around and grabbed the person’s arm in one motion. 
“Whoa Yuki it’s only me.” The owner of the hand said, the voice registered instantly.
“Jess?” She said in disbelief.
“Yeah, of course it’s me. Why? Were you expecting someone else?” Jess asked instantly alert in case there was any danger around them.
“No it’s just that I didn’t think anyone else survived.” Yuki replied, small tears of joy spilling from her eyes and down her cheeks.
“Actually we all survived. Connor flew away somewhere and Jacob seemed to just disappear. I’m quite certain that Yuuku is alive as well.” Jess said her voice and expression grave.
“But why would Connor just fly off? Wouldn’t he come to look for us?” Yuki enquired.
“Well he didn’t need to. You found him.” Jess answered and nodded to the body.
“What are you-” She cut her sentence short when she turned and looked at the corpse’s face. Her mind couldn’t process what she was seeing. Over the months since Connor had gained his demonic abilities she had witnessed his incredible power. There wasn’t anyone who could have done this, no one except... 
“Jacob.” She whispered so quietly to herself that Jess had no hope of hearing it. 
“What?” Jess asked.
“Jacob.” Yuki repeated louder.
“Yeah, what about him?” Jess enquired.
“He’s the one who did this. There’s no one else who would have a hope of beating Connor.” Yuki explained her voice void of all emotion. As the fact registered with Jess, Yuki looked at the completely still body of her first true love; she knew that his eyes would never open...

Connor had been unconscious for at least... He couldn’t even estimate how long he had been more or less dead. The one thing that he had only recently discovered is that when a vampire loses a considerable amount of blood they go into a coma like state and are pretty much dead until they feed from a vampire and a lycanthrope, once they begin to feed on the vampire and werewolf, they would meet an untimely end. He could feel that a vampire was near His vampire instincts were about to take hold when he heard two people begin speaking.
“Whoa Yuki it’s only me.” One spoke in response to a snarl that came from nearby. The voice was difficult to place in his memory, he knew without a doubt that he knew the people who were currently deep in conversation. 
“Well he didn’t need to. You found him.” 
“What are you-” The female known as Yuki began to say, and then he felt her gaze fall onto his unmoving body. He could sense the overwhelming sadness threatening to crush her. Does this woman care so much about me? He asked himself internally. He began to wonder why someone would feel so saddened by his apparent death when he felt the bloodlust return. The shock of its sudden return caused him to open his eyes. The first thing to greet him was the beautiful night sky, the next was the face of a female that seemed to make his almost still heart beat faster. 
“Yuki.” He whispered her name and was surprised again by how familiar her name felt.
“C-Connor?” She gasped his name and bent her head lower until her throat was so close to his mouth. He reacted on instinct and sunk his fangs deep into her soft flesh. She didn’t cry out or struggle to break free; instead she surprised him again by moving closer to him. He was about to drink her dry when a voice screamed in the back of his mind. Don’t do it! He released her neck and pushed her lightly away. Yuki’s companion moved surprisingly quickly to her friend’s side.
“Why would you take that much blood from her?” The other female asked sounding disgusted and shocked.
“If you move aside then I may be able to help her.” He said in an aspirated voice and moved to push the other female away. The reason why he was so desperate to preserve the vampire’s life was a complete mystery to him. He could sense that his memories were blocked, no not blocked, they were locked within his subconscious, and somewhere within those memories he had met this vampire before. He broke out of his inner monologue and focused on the dying female. Acting on instinct he drew his fingernail across his wrist, and then he raised her head, her lips, to his bleeding wrist. The vampire acted instantly, clamping her sharp fangs around his wrist and drinking his blood. The feelings that began to devour his self control were surprising to say the least. As his blood left his physical body his soul was in a state of ecstasy. When she pulled harder on his wrist, he felt his spirit merge with hers, the sensations that began to ripple through him then were so intense that any thought of getting away from her left his mind. Beyond these feelings were fragmented images, one showed him embracing the vampire in a similar fashion to the present. Another showed a pale figure standing alone in the snow wearing nothing except a pair of trousers. As Connor watched the memory continue he saw two raven like wings grow from their back, he watched as a small horn sprouted from his cranium, and as burn like marks began to spread across the person’s flesh. Suddenly he was brought back to the present by a harsh push forcing him to move away from Yuki. Although he should have reacted to this act of violence, he couldn’t think of anything like that, all he could think was, I’m a demon? Am I a demon? He questioned himself in silence and even as he tried to deny it he knew it was true. 







Chapter 10: Kagirinai Ren’ai (Eternal Love)

Jacob realised too late that he had absolutely no idea which direction Britain was in. After swimming for hours he finally came to land. He saw the sun begin to rise and knew he should find some shelter in order to get some sleep. After searching for ten minutes he finally met a large number of humans, who explained to him that he was in the chief city Salamina, on the Salamis Island, located sixteen km west of Athens. When he asked how long it would take him to get back to Britain they replied that if he went by plane he could be there in roughly two days. His next question was the most surprising one, “How many miles is Athens from the UK?” The Greeks explained that it was about one thousand four hundred and eighty five miles south east. After finding a cheap hotel to sleep in, he began to swim back to the UK, once the full moon had arisen from behind the clouds and imbued him with strength. The journey took him exactly one day, two hours and thirty five minutes. I’m coming for you Yuuku, and when I find you your suffering shall be exquisite.

Jess was at a loss for words. First Yuki had been feeding on Connor, then Connor was feeding on her, and now they were feeding from one another at the same time. God this makes my head hurt. She thought as she went over it again and again. Once she was certain that Yuki and Connor had both fed enough from the other she pushed them apart, using all her strength due to their resistance to her attempts to pry the pair apart. Finally, after several unsuccessful attempts, she separated the two vampires. She had been expecting a violent reaction, however they remained completely still on the ground. Jess would have thought they were dead if it wasn’t for their chests moving in unison.
“What’s wrong with them?” She asked herself aloud. Suddenly Connor jerked slightly, she didn’t move to his side, assuming that this was what happened when someone was so close to the doors of death and returned. He jerked again, a few seconds passed and he jerked again. This continued and, as they did, they became progressively violent. She was about try and do something to stop it, when they stopped. Jess waited to see another spasm would wrack through his body. When none happened she moved to his side and saw that all signs of his demonic blood were present, the enormous raven wings streaked with crimson, the dreadfully sharp horn, and the burn like symbols that covered almost sixty percent of his bare flesh. His eyes shot open and she stared at the twin pools of black and blue flames.
“Connor, are you alright?” Jess asked.
“Yes.” He weakly whispered.
“Well you don’t look alright. Your demonic traits are on full display.” She said and moved to Yuki’s side.
“Leave her alone Jess.” Connor ordered in a slightly stronger voice.
“How can you expect me to do that when my best friend is lying there unconscious?” She shouted at him and began to move towards Yuki again.
“If you awaken her before she has had a chance to utilise my demonic blood, then she will forever be a slave to the demonic whispers.” He warned her, his voice showing what his face would not, fear. Jess finally grasped what he was saying to her.
“Alright I’ll leave her alone. But what if she never wakes up?” She asked him, her voice breaking.
“She will wake up, of that I have no doubt.” He replied.

Hours passed and there was no sign of Yuki awakening. 
“It’s been three hours now, shouldn’t she have woken by now?” Jess asked, worry lines creasing her forehead as she looked upon her comatose friend.
“Please be patient Jess, I’m certain she’ll awaken soon enough. If she doesn’t then we’ll go to the one person who could know of any possible way to awaken her.” Connor said and as Jess looked into his black and blue eyes she realised that he still hadn’t sealed away his demonic traits.
“Connor shouldn’t you lose the horn, wings, and the eyes? I mean you usually only have those when you’re fighting.” Jess said momentarily forgetting her now twitching friend.
“I don’t know what happened, but the only reason I did that before is that I was afraid of the demon within.” He explained.
“Well isn’t the demon still there within your heart?” She asked Connor placed his hand over his heart.
“No it seems to have disappeared.” He replied his voice almost sounded lonely. He would have said more however he saw Yuki’s hunched body rising from the floor. Usually he would have been overjoyed to see her alive and well, however the zombie like groaning told him that something was horribly wrong with her spiritual body.
“Jessssss.” Yuki hissed her friend’s name in a similar fashion to a snake. 
“On my mark you run.” Connor said and began to count down with his fingers.

The pain flared again. Jacob’s thoughts were completely overruled by its intensity. The swim from Greece had been far more difficult than he had anticipated. First he had been attacked by multiple carnivorous sea creatures, next he got caught in the middle of a hurricane, and thirdly he got hit in the face by a speed boat. In summery he was not having the best day.
“This had better be worth it.” He muttered to himself. Finally he saw it, the HQ of the K.O.E. however it didn’t resemble the place that he had first seen after being beaten by Yuuku. Back then it was a place that seemed to radiate safety, now it made his blood cold. The main building was rubble; the living quarters were more or less un-touched by Connor’s demonic rage, whilst the weapons area, the recreational centre, and the science lab were completely destroyed. There was one new building that rose from the ashes and rubble that used to be the Protectors of Earth, the tower seemed to have been formed from nothing but darkness and at the top of this tower Yuuku stood with her arms folded staring down at the people of London as though they were her playthings. 
“So Yuuku,” He said, swiftly climbing the tower to stand opposite her, “No welcome party? I would have thought that, seeing as I was your puppet and all, you would have set up someone to greet me.” He mused aloud. 
“Traitors don’t deserve my time.” She said simply. Jacob noted how much she sounded like a little girl, scared and alone.
“I’m not a traitor, if anything you’re a traitor of humanity.” He declared. Yuuku sighed and visibly seemed to resign herself to the present situation.
“Don’t you see? The only way to completely annihilate the demon race is to bring to the place where they are weakest, Earth. Once they are here we can fight them on our terms and win.” She said and Jacob saw a desperation that seemed to be on the verge of madness brighten her eyes. She’s just grasping at straws; the truth is she has hit a dead end. After seeing what a demon could do without being a complete demon, she has lost hope.
“Yuuku you don’t get it. If you bring the demons here all of humanity is doomed.” Jacob pleaded, but he could see that she would not be deterred from her decent into deeper darkness. He felt fiery warmth spread though his body and with it came a power that both mortals and immortals have yet to taste, the Blade of Sonshitsu.
“Very well,” Yuuku said, sighed again, and held out her arm, Jacob watched as the darkness swirled around her arm until they finally came to her hand and began to form a short sword made from a black metal. This is going to hurt. He thought and charged her.

Yuki had awoken with the feeling that something was wrong. She rose from her prone position and saw Jess and Connor standing with their backs to her. She was about to ask the two what they were talking about, when her gaze travelled down Jess’ body taking in her bare flesh. Yuki was suddenly overcome by the white hot desire to sink her teeth into the flesh of her best friend.
“Jesssss?” She barely managed to hiss her friend’s name when the burning desire destroyed her self control. She felt her arms extend and her feet begin to move toward the lycanthrope.
“On my mark you run.” Connor instructed. Once Jess began to run he leapt forward and tackled Yuki to the ground with his arms forcing her mouth to stay shut. Yuki didn’t understand why, but she struggled against his hands in an attempt to bite into his cold and semi dead flesh.

Connor was struggling to keep her mouth shut. He could tell that she was semi conscious of his presence, however her body was not obeying her brain’s commands. He stared into her blank eyes and realised what had happened to her. Of course there are demons, vampires and werewolves, so why not bring zombies into the mix. He thought to himself as Yuki made another bid to bite his flesh. It must be Yuuku; she’s the only one who has this kind of experience in Necromancy. 
“Jess fetch me some rope please?” He asked the now sitting Jess who was staring in shock at Yuki, who was becoming increasingly violent.
“Jess!?” He said her name again this time filling it with a small percentage of his power in order to capture her attention.
“Wh- what?” She stuttered as she looked at Connor.
“Could you please get me some rope?” He asked again this time without the demonic tone in his voice.
“Yeah, sure.” She said still completely shocked by the sight of her friend. Slowly she began to walk toward the plane wreckage. Connor sighed and looked the teenager he loved and who, until now, had loved him back, now stared at him with only hunger for his life. He felt a single tear leak and make a trail down his cheek. His demonic power began to react with his emotions, around the two un-dead creatures; a small cyclone began to build up until the wind it was generating was powerful enough to blow the trees that surrounded them away into the ocean. Yuki. Yuki. He thought her name over and over again, filling his thoughts with her face. Eventually he felt the demonic power begin to enter Yuki’s struggling body. He released her once she had ceased to struggle against his grip. He felt her body jerk as his demonic power purged the Necromancer magic from her entire being.

Jess returned, with a long rope; just in time to witness the demonic power begin to swirl around her friends. As it built up she could see a single tear on Connor’s cheek. Before she could reach them, the cyclone of power forced her to kneel as it tried to push her away from two of the most important people in her life.
“Yuki! Connor!” She screamed their names as they disappeared from her sight. Hours passed by and the wind still didn’t begin to lessen. She was about to give up and let the wind blow her away with the trees, when the wind finally died and Yuki and Connor reappeared before her. Connor looked like hell and Yuki was glowing with a demonic light. 
“Hey guys, what was that just now?” She asked as she ran up to them.
“Stay back Jess!” Connor shouted in reply. Immediately she stopped dead in her tracks, his wings were extending from his back; the single horn grew from his forehead. Oh no! If the marks appear I’m screwed. She thought and as if reacting to her thought the burn like markings began to spread along his skin. Oh crap!








Chapter 11: Souran (Control)

The pain was unbelievable, when he thought it had peaked it simply rose to new heights. Connor stood opposite the glowing form of Yuki. Allowing his demonic power to enter a mere vampire was a dangerous gamble; however that was his only option. Now he stood, weak and unable to restrain the burning power of his demon blood from taking possession of his body, mind, and soul. Jess, Yuki I-I’m sorry. He thought before the darkness took hold.

Yuki was in agony as the demonic power of her soul mate began to purge the horrible necromancer magic from her body. Although she could feel the powerful wind building quickly around them, her body was numb to its effects. The only thing she could focus on was the never ending source of power entering her body. She felt the connection giving her the power sever, and, although shocked, she did not crumble as her legs turned to liquid. Opposite her was Connor, and from his facial expression was doing all he could to try and control his demonic blood. I-I can’t do anything to help him. The sudden realisation was almost enough to make her fall and break down in tears, if not for a whisper in her mind, go to him, hold him. Let him borrow your humanity. The words felt as if they were spoken directly into her ear; however she could sense no one behind her. Before she could give any thought on the matter, she stumbled to Connor whose final demonic trait was beginning to surface.  Once she came within touching distance, Yuki could see tears of blood rolling down his cheeks. Why was he born this way? She asked herself silently. He doesn’t want this power, he never did. She thought as she wrapped her arms around his torso, and pressed her lips against his. The kiss began as nothing more than the meeting of two genders’ lips, but as Yuki felt her burning passion build up inside of her, the kiss deepened. Using her tongue she forced his lips apart. 

Connor felt her kiss him, but he couldn’t respond in the way he wanted to. The demon blood was flowing fast and thick through his entire being. Yuki, why won’t you run away? He thought. He was about to break the kiss when he felt his humanity glow within the darkness of his mind. She’s lending me her power. He realised this and felt his lips begin to respond once she broke them apart in order to allow her tongue to explore his mouth and his to return the favour. The kiss lasted until his soul finally belonged to him again. His last thought before sinking into the black abyss of unconsciousness was, Yuki please don’t leave me. 

Jacob clashed swords with Yuuku once more. The battle hadn’t ceased since it began, when he tried to hide and catch his breath she found him in a matter of seconds. When he attempted to flee in order to think up a strategy she would pursue relentlessly, giving him little time to formulate a plan. They jumped away from each other, Jacob breathing heavily, and Yuuku calm and collected.
“Give up Jacob you cannot win.” She said and for a split second Jacob saw a flash of humanity brighten her eyes. No if I let her fool me she’ll kill me faster than I could say ‘bugger’. 
“I will not it’s all your fault that Connor and I got mixed up in this mess, and I plan to make you pay for that.” He said and flinched when he felt something bite into the flesh of his forearm, however when he looked there was nothing to suggest that he had been bitten, no mark and no creature. Due to this he left himself wide open for a direct attack. Yuuku charged at him with all her strength expecting victory, however she did not get this. Instead Jacob had taken hold of her weapon with his free hand. Once he looked up Yuuku gasped in shock at his eyes...

Jess, and Yuki sat together in front of a burning fire, Connor was still unconscious beside Yuki. 
“What do we do from here?” Jess asked, Yuki couldn’t do much more then shake her head from side to side. The night was beginning to brighten as the sun began to rise.
“Shouldn’t you be taking cover somewhere? After all you are a vampire and if I remember correctly they usually hibernate all day.” Jess smiled, “Remember our first day at Saint Strix? It took me forever to wake you up in the morning and you were all like ‘I’d rather be ‘dead’ dead then be here right now’.” Jess began to chuckle as the memories of a time before the crazy stuff happened. 
“Yeah.” Yuki said faintly and smiled a little.
“He’ll wake up Yuki; you don’t have to worry about him.” Jess said.
“I know he will awaken.” Yuki replied in the same small voice as before.
“Then what are you worried about?” Jess enquired.
“I’m worried about Jacob. He isn’t on the island and I doubt that he would abandon us unless something came up.” Yuki explained and Jess was suddenly overcome by a terrible sob.
“She might have killed him.” She said.
“She hasn’t killed him yet, but if we don’t hurry then he’s a goner.” A young male voice said from Yuki’s side.
“Finally decided to come back to the land of the living then?” Jess asked.
“Evidently yes, now as for Jacob.” Connor said and explained about a vision he had experienced while unconscious.
“So to summarise if we don’t get back to Britain right now Jacob will die or become a slave to the demons?” Jess asked after a moment’s silence, Connor nodded in reply.
“But how are we supposed to get there?” Yuki asked sounding mildly irritated, as the early morning sunlight came into contact with her bare skin. 
“Before I answer that question, Yuki come with me.” He instructed and rose from his sitting position, Yuki followed immediately. The two walked away from Jess until they were out of her hearing range. She sat there waiting for them to return when she swore she heard a gasp of surprise come from the area where Connor and Yuki had migrated to. Once they returned the sun had risen completely.
“Where were you two?” She asked as they stumbled towards her. 
“I noticed how irritated she was getting in the sun so I decided to give her some of my blood.” Connor said and looked at Yuki who was semi conscious of the world around her.
“Then why is she so weakened?” Jess asked concerned about her friend’s welfare.
“It’s not very easy accepting demon blood into your system you know. When I first ingested demon blood I fainted. To be honest it’s a shock that she is still somewhat conscious.” He explained, something in his voice told her that something else had happened there. She was about to question him when Yuki finally sprung to life. Jess had expected to see markings like the ones Connor got when he was using his full demonic power, but the only change in her appearance was her eyes, which had changed from the hazel and dark blue to twin black circles streaked with crimson. Nothing other than the eyes told Jess that something was different about her friend. 
“What are we going to do now?” Yuki asked bringing Connor and Jess back to their present situation.

Yuki felt so alive. Being a simple vampire couldn’t even be compared to the feelings she was experiencing. As a vampire she had been able to hear the smallest insect and jump thirty feet into the air, now those abilities had been doubled. She wanted to do nothing other than use her new power; however there were far more pressing issues to attend to. 
“What are we going to do now?” She asked again when she didn’t get an answer.
“We’ll head back to Britain.” Connor said simply.
“And how do you expect to get there, by swimming?” Jess asked sarcastically.
“Of course not, we shall fly.” He answered and spread his wings out as far as they could. Jess and Yuki rolled their eyes at the obvious solution.
“Are you sure you can carry us both at the same time?” Yuki asked. In response to her question he wrapped one arm around each of their waists and took flight. Time seemed to stop as they flew towards a darkness that threatened the entire world, no; the entire universe was at stake. 

Jacob now stood at the centre of the demons portal. Slowly he raised his sword and prepared to slash through the portal. Throw your sword into it. A voice whispered, and, instead of questioning it, he obeyed. He felt different after defeating Yuuku, as though something, or someone, was controlling his body and he was simply observing the events that were beginning to unfold, similar to watching television. The portal began to throb as more and more power flowed into it. Oh crap. He thought as demon after demon flooded through the now enormous portal. Why don’t they attack me? He questioned himself internally. Because they don’t see you they see me. The voice that had spoken earlier whispered though his mind and brought an image of Yuuku with it. As he processed it his thoughts were suddenly turned off. He tried to move a finger, but his body wouldn’t respond to his minds demands. Its useless Jacob, I am in complete control of your body. As the demons swarmed from their universe into the human’s world, laughter of complete evil echoed through the night.

Connor hugged the two girls to his torso as they flew towards the growing darkness in the distance. His thoughts couldn’t have been more confused. In his visions of the future he had seen Jacob either killing Yuuku or joining her in her insane plot to bring the demons to Earth. However he couldn’t sense Jacob’s thoughts or his life force. What the hell is going on over there? 

Jess could sense Connor’s uneasiness as he flew through the night. She couldn’t feel Jacob’s life force or anything else for that matter. She looked into Connor’s eyes and saw that they glowed slightly every now and then. Something is going to happen, I can feel it. 

Yuki was still having difficulty resisting the urge to try and fly like Connor. She knew that her new powers were nowhere near as powerful as his were, but she still wanted to try. I sound like a kid. She thought as Big Ben came into view. Something is wrong with my head.


























Chapter 12: The final Battle

Connor felt them as they came closer and closer. Demons and lots of them. He thought and couldn’t help getting excited at the thought of slaughtering thousands of the hellish creatures. This time my demonic blood will not take control. He vowed silently. He was just beginning to look for a place to land when he saw a street full of people being attacked by the monsters that they had believed to only exist in movies and nightmares. 
“Hope the two of you are ready?” He asked the Jess and Yuki, both of which nodded, “then let’s do this thing!” He exclaimed as he shot toward the concrete in a nosedive, pulling up at the last second and landed lightly on his feet. 
“Do not do that again.” Yuki said firmly, but smiled to show that she was joking. The humans had all stopped running for their lives and stood transfixed by the three who had appeared out of what seemed to be thin air.
“Yuki, you and Jess go and evacuate the humans, and exterminate any demons on the way.” He said and began to allow his demon blood to flow freely. The demons who had been running after the humans like rabid dogs, now stopped in their tracks. A small smile found its way on to Connor’s face. Suddenly he was no longer standing in front of the army of demons, but was behind them. As they turned to attack him, each of their heads began to slide off their necks. As Connor was about to confirm the kills, when he heard clapping from above him. 
“Not bad Connor, you’ve gained a lot of control since our last encounter.” Connor looked up in search or the owner of the voice and what he saw was shocking to say the least. Jacob stood atop a bird like demon with a smile on his lips.
“Great just great, first I go evil and now you go all evil, that’s just fan f***ing tastic.” Connor ranted to himself. 
“Actually Jacob is not the one who is in control of this body.” As Jacob spoke the words his voice became underlined by Yuuku’s. Oh for the love of crap.
“Yuuku... would you mind if I spoke with Jacob right now?” He asked.
“Hmmm, let me think, uh, not possible.” He... she... it... whatever, replied.
“What do you mean by that?” He asked, all the while knowing the answer.
“His consciousness is gone. There isn’t a single part of Jacob left aside from this body.” Yuuku replied. 
“You worthless piece of shit! I’m gonna use your intestinal tract as a condom while I fornicate with your skull!” He shouted very quickly.
“What?” She asked confused. 
“I’m gonna skull **** you!” He simplified and jumped onto the bird demon and went to stab Jacob’s body.

Yuki was busy trying to resist the urge to drink from one of the many humans she was trying to save. She tried to control it by killing any demon that came to close aggressively, but now the demons had learnt their lesson, stay away from the crazy, powerful girl and you get to live. This was making it incredibly difficult to control herself. Connor what have you done to me? She thought sadly. She was wrapped in her own thoughts when the screams began. It was the wailing that brought her out of her own mind. All around her lay bodies and destroyed buildings. Above her loomed an enormous figure, she didn’t have time to react when it shot a fist towards her. Connor. She thought as the fist came closer and closer.

Connor dodged the jab at his heart and leapt forwards in an attempt to kill Yuuku, who deflected his stab with the centre of her blade. Both were bleeding from several minor injuries, but neither was fatigued. As they glared at one another, Connor suddenly began to laugh.
“What’s so damn funny?” She shouted and went to stab him again.
“Just how easy this was.” He replied and raised his sword to the black, lightning filled sky. Small pieces of the darkness began to fall, but before they could hit the Earth, the Letum absorbed them. Her sword was stopped an inch from his heart. Below them was a music store with the perfect song and the right stereo system to play it. Using his telekinetic abilities he put the song on. Suddenly all around them the song ‘Shattering the Skies Above’ by Trivium began to play from the chorus (shattering the skies above I want to destroy all that you love, shattering the skies above, I won’t rest ‘til I’m drenched in blood). 
“You have a choice Yuuku, let my friend go, or die right here and now.” He offered. Which she declined by attempting to stab him again. Connor lowered his head, letting his hair fall over his eyes.
“I’m sorry.” He said and raised his head and slashed though the air between them. For a second Yuuku just stood there in Jacob’s body, her eyes wide. Then her eyes began to glow golden. Slowly she began to feel pain, then she lost all control over the body, finally she lost all consciousness. As Connor approached to make sure that the body was alright, he heard a single word being screamed inside his head, Connor!  He turned and saw the humongous figure at the area he had left Yuki and Jess at. Ah crap!  With rush of wind he unfurled his wings and jumped off the side of the building in order to take flight.

Yuki stood frozen as the giant’s fist came towards her. She knew that any moment her life would end. It came closer and closer, until it was two metres away. Okay that’s it. She thought and walked out of the path of the giant’s fist. When it connected the vibrations caused the buildings within a hundred metre radius to crumble. On the other side of its fist she saw at least half the population of London all of which had a look of horror on their faces. Several were badly injured and she could smell the blood from there. Instead of giving in to the bloodlust that threatened to take control, she climbed up the giant demon’s leg, then the arm, until she reached its face, which she began to viciously attack with her immense strength. The giant didn’t feel any of this and simply raised a hand to swat her away; however it was caught mid-swing by the timely arrival of Connor, who looked very, very pissed off at that moment. 

Oh no you don’t. Connor thought as he caught the giant’s fist with a single hand. 
“Hey Yuki, how’s it going?” He asked the stunned girl beside him.
“You know, demons trying to kill me and all that.” She replied.
“So the usual?”
“Yep.” Before Connor could ask another question the giant bellowed and redoubled its effort to make its fist connect with the young vampire, demon girl.
“Now, now,” Connor said as he effortlessly held the giant’s arm in place, “No need to be rude.” And with that he kicked the enormous demon in the jaw. Half a dozen teeth flew from its mouth and landed in a hexagon on the ground, followed by a torrent of blood. 
“Hey Yuki, you wouldn’t happen to have my mp3 with you by any chance?” He asked as the giant staggered away from the floating pair.
“As a matter of fact I do.” She replied and handed him his 16 GB mp3. He nodded his thanks and put in the ear phones. He scrolled along the large selection of songs he had and decided to listen to Black Veil Brides. 
“Do you want to put this one out of its misery or shall I?” He asked as the demon reached out to grab him.
“I’ll deal with it. You should find Jess and make sure she’s alright.” Yuki answered just as the hand was about to close around them the two hybrids moved out of the demons reach. Connor saluted and disappeared in search of Jess Akuma. 

Yuki watched as the demon tried to grab her and laughed at its vocalised frustration at not being able to catch her. She climbed up its arm until she was level with its face. Focusing all her strength, she punched the demons hideous face, when she heard the crack in its neck she punched it again, another crack, she punched again and this time the head came off, hanging at the side of the by a mere thread of flesh. The feeling she felt coursing through her veins could only be described as sadistic ecstasy. She wanted more, more demons to hunt, to kill. She needed to hear their inhuman screams of agony. Stop it Yume. We must help the humans. 
“Shut up Yuki. If it weren’t for me you wouldn’t be alive right now.” That is irrelevant; do you want Connor to know that we were responsible for their deaths? Yume physically cringed at the thought of Connor being angry with her.
“Fine, you take over Yuki, I’m going to have a nap.” She said and closed her eyes.

For all her life Yuki had MPD (Multiple Personality Disorder). On the outside there was Yuki a kind and gentle person, then on the inside there was Yume, a sadistic and brutal entity. For the majority of her early life Yuki had been the only one present, however, when under emotional distress, Yume awoke and did unspeakable things. Experts gave Yuki newly developed pills that were supposed to suppress Yume; however the pills had an opposite effect on her. Instead of suppressing Yume they ended up making her the dominant personality and suppressed Yuki. Though she acted like Yuki in the presence of the police and scientists, but her mother and father suffered at her hands. 6 months after taking the pills Yume murdered the ones who brought her into the world. Though Yuki had believed that a vampire had killed her parents, Yume was responsible. After the murder Yuki had somehow resurfaced and saw the mangled corpses of her parents she had loved so much. She ran from the house and straight into the arms of a vampire. The vampire, noticing how her mind was split in two; one lacking the qualities to make a vampire, and the other had a lust for violence and everything it entailed, even her own death, decided to change her into a vampire. Yume rarely took over afterwards, the only times being when Yuki was hunting, or when the two creatures of the night were threatened. There was only one change in Yume’s personality, and that was Connor, whenever she surfaced and saw him she could only obey him, she knew that when it came to Connor being in danger she and Yuki were in perfect agreement, kill his enemy. 

Jess ran and ran, but the demon hordes kept nipping at her heels. She was going to die and she knew it. The thought almost brought a tear to her eye, If I’ going down then I’ll take as many of them with me. She turned and watched as a demon with a huge jaw came racing towards her, snapping eagerly. 
“Really Jess I assumed you’d be ripping them to pieces by now.” Connor’s voice spoke from her side. She turned her head and saw that he held the demon at arms length, after morphing back to her human form she replied, “Well I was having a little trouble, after all we can’t all be half demons.” He chuckled, but quickly grew serious as the demons closed in on them. One hundred and fifty demons later Connor informed her of Jacob’s current state.
“So Yuuku took control of his body and you destroyed her conscious, thus returning Jacob’s.” She didn’t say it like a question, but Connor still answered.
“No, Jacob’s conscious is probably trapped in the demon world, it’s either that or he’s completely gone.” Connor said with a grim expression. 
“Connor,” She began.
“Yeah?”
“Give me your blood.” 

He was somewhere yet nowhere. He was warm yet cold. He didn’t know who he was or where he was, all he knew was that he was in complete darkness, but in this deep, un-relenting, black he could see a woman’s smile and a wolf’s eyes. I want to know who you are. 

Minutes passed by and Yuki still hadn’t been met by Connor. It shouldn’t take this long, She thought. He can’t be killed you fool; Yume answered her un-thought worry, if anything I’d be worried abut those asshole demons.
“You’re probably right.” Yuki thought aloud, but she couldn’t shake the uneasiness she was feeling.

Connor couldn’t react. She had taken him by complete surprise. I shouldn’t give her my cursed blood, but the more I think about it the smarter it seems, he thought, if I give her my blood she’ll be able to look after herself, he rationalised. Finally he decided to take the gamble.
“Very well.” Was all he said, before biting deeply into his wrist and offering it to Jess. He was still unsure of this decision, his blood had many drawbacks: one was that the person who drinks it could turn insane, another, and the most likely, was that the drinker would be eternally bound to him in mind and soul. Before he could withdraw his bleeding wrist Jess latched onto it and began to drink from his wound. 

She couldn’t believe what she was doing. She was clutching Connor’s arm and drinking his blood like a vampire. Then something began to happen o her, she could feel his blood spreading like fire through her system, changing her werewolf genes into something… stronger. She soon felt her shoulder blades extend away from her back until they were easily two metres in length and a thin sheet of skin connected fang like bones that protruded from the newly lengthened shoulder blades, creating bat-like wings. She wanted more of this power, more of his blood. 
“That’s enough Jess.” Connor said and gently pushed her away, however she continued to try and drink more of his blood, he was left with no choice but to knock her out. 

Chapter 13: Just kidding

He continued to exist and at the same time he did not. His thoughts continued to try and come up with a name for the faces that continued to flash through his mind. Why? Why can’t I remember their names? 

Connor found a safe area and laid Jess’ body on the floor. I should have known she wouldn’t be able to control it, he thought. He quickly unfurled his wings and took flight. As he flew he searched for the gateway that the demons continued to flood through. Finally he located it, a church. Yuuku you truly are one evil bitch. When he was about to dive down to destroy it he felt an invisible hand smash him into the concrete below. Lifting his head he groaned, “Okay... that really hurt.” All around him he could feel, rather than hear, laughter that seemed to grip his soul in ice. 
“Ohhhh crap.” He groaned and willed the Letum into his grasp.  As he rose from the ground he could see a faint outline of a humongous demon. He sighed and stabbed his blade into the ground and released a small percentage of his power. The demon became visible and Connor swore that no matter how long he existed, he would never battle a harder fight then that one. 
“You must be Connor Tenshi Yami, a name truly fitting a dark angel. There is one small problem though.”
“Oh, and what’s that?” 
“Even an angel cannot defeat me!” The demon exclaimed and began to move towards Connor, who stood with a bored expression on his pale face. Using a large amount of power and a vivid imagination he formed a humanoid machine that he had seen in an anime once, it was called GUNDAM. He jumped up as a hatch in the Gundam’s chest opened and landed in the cockpit. Perfect exactly as I wanted it, he thought as he confirmed what switch, pedal, and button caused what action. Turning on the communication system he said,
“Okay, I’m ready.” 

Okay what the hell is that? Yuki thought as a giant robot appeared out of nowhere. I think that he’s somehow brought that thing into existence, Yume answered, also you should probably focus on the hundred demons around you right now. 
“You’re right.” Yuki said aloud, Yume, you should take over the physical actions, I’ll deal with the mental. Closing her eyes the two personalities swapped places, she opened her eyes. The demons began to converge on her. I’ve always wanted to try this; she thought and picked two discarded handguns. Turning she brought the pistols up and began to fire in a circular fashion. 
“Well that was easy.” Yume said looking around in case any demons were still alive, none so much as moved. Satisfied she decided to go to where that giant robot had appeared. 

The GUNDAM was far more powerful then the demon had expected. The machine moved faster then its size let on. The strange and powerful machine drew a sword handle.
“HA! And just what do you plan on doing with th-” The rest of the demon’s sentence was cut by blade of light protruding from the handle. Oh crap. 

Pushing down on the rear thrusters pedal, Connor simultaneously pulled out, and activated, the beam sabre. The GUNDAM flew forward, at an incredible speed, towards the enormous demon and pierced it through the heart with the beam sabre, there was no blood as he withdrew the futuristic weapon, then, with a deafening scream the demon fell and never got back up. After the demon had fallen Connor leapt down from the cockpit. 
“Connor!” A familiar voice yelled from behind him. He turned to see Yuki running towards him. He braced for the impact, which never came. From her chest was a clawed fist drenched in blood and holding Yuki’s heart. When the hand withdrew her body fell forward onto the ground revealing the person who had done the dreadful deed. 
“Wow that was a lot more blood then I expected.” Jess said as she studied her bloody forearm with a look of curiosity. She seemed unable to cope with the vampiric desires that now flowed through her system. As she was about to bring the blood to her lips a darkness seemed to spread across the world, a darkness so thick that the brightest light was swallowed by the evil. Connor stood motionless, except for his wings which began to glow with a dark light.
“Jess... I am going to kill you now.” He said in a manner that made it seem like he was commenting on the weather. 

Jess had been unable to control her new desires. The all consuming thirst for blood was too strong for her to resist it. She walked through the streets of London, which now lay in ruin, preying upon any human, demon, or animal she came across, when she saw the enormous machine rise in the distance she knew it belonged to Connor. She began to head towards it. 

Once she had arrived there, she could see that the machine was slaughtering a demon of equal size. After the battle had been settled, with Connor emerging victorious, she began to head towards him. When she saw Yuki she couldn’t stop herself, it was as though something possessed her, before she could grasp what was happening she was standing behind Yuki with her arm submerged within her chest and holding her heart. When she was able to regain control of her body, she could see Connor’s wings pulsing with a darkness that made her shiver in fear. 
“C-Connor?” She said knowing that his demonic nature had taken hold of his body and soul. 
“Jess... I am going to kill you now.” He said, and, with a gust of wind, he was behind her. When she turned to throw a punch at him, her fist went through his face. It was then that she realised that he was moving so fast that he was leaving afterimages in his place. Oh god I’m going to die, she thought solemnly to herself as she saw his blade come towards her.

He was still submerged in darkness. How do I break free? He thought when images came flooding into his conscious mind, and with them came the memories that he had been trying so hard to regain. My...name...is...Jacob? He thought and with the coming of the name the darkness disappeared and he awoke.

Hatred coursed through Connor’s entire being, turning his thoughts from mild malice into complete sadism. As Jess cried in pain, all he could feel was ecstasy, when he heard her bones crack it felt like he was in a state of bliss. 
“Tell me how does it feel? How does it feel to know you’re about to die, and by the hand of someone who used to be your friend?” He asked as he kicked her from the floor into the air. He reached out and caught her by her throat. Her eyes opened an infinitesimal amount; she glared at him through her tears of pain.
“You are nothing Connor. You’re so weak if you let that power take control of you.” She spat the words at him. 
“Are those your final words?” He asked, not fazed at all by her insult.
“No, they are not her final words.” Another familiar voice spoke. Jacob was perched on top the dead demon’s corpse, looking down upon the bloody and beaten Jess, and the sadistic Connor. Connor smiled cruelly and let go of Jess’ neck.
“So glad you could make it, Jacob.”
“Are you kidding me? I wouldn’t miss this for the world, literally.”
“So you wouldn’t miss your death for the world?”
During their back and forth Jess had tried to sneak up on Connor, but knocked a piece of concrete against his boot, it was the tiniest of touches, but it was enough to alert him. Turning he grabbed Jess by the neck and snapped it like a twig, he then tore her head clean off, he opened his mouth as blood spurted into the air. 

Jacob didn’t know why, but he was unable to move from that spot as Connor beheaded Jess. 
“No...No...No.” He repeated to himself as Connor stood in a shower of blood. 
“Now we’re even.” He said as he began to walk towards Jacob.
“What do you-” He cut his sentence short when he saw Yuki’s lifeless body on the floor.
“This world has become twisted, Jacob, and in order to survive in it we must become ruthless. There is no conceivable way to eliminate the legions of demons that have entered this world.” Connor explained as he walked slowly towards his still shocked friend.
“No, you’re wrong. There is a way,” He said as he felt the Blade of Sonshitsu appear in his hand. Though the blade was damaged it still had almost all of its power, “We just have to combine The Letum and the Blade of Sonshitsu, and then we can destroy them all.” Jacob said, primarily trying to convince himself. Connor shook his head and said,
“That will not work you fool, there are demon lords entering this world now. I could take them in a one on one fight, but against a thousand,” He shook his head again, “Even I would die.” 
“What if we-” Jacob began when Connor cut him off.
“They’re here.” He said and sure enough the church exploded and from the rising dust stood three enormous demons.

              
    

           
 

            

 
Chapter 14: Death Still Comes for Immortals

The Demon Lord Meibatsu stood within his castle’s throne room, contemplating whether or not to make use of the vampire girl’s portal. No, I shall wait until my fellow demon lords have diminished their protection forces and then I shall go there and once again become the Grim Reaper of Demons. The thought almost brought a smile to his humanoid face, while most demons chose to have grotesque forms of Earth’s first inhabitants, animals. During his first visit to Earth after humanity had evolved beyond a cave, he had met the man known as Jesus Christ. Contrary to popular belief Jesus was not the son of God, but rather a demon who was exiled to live among the humans until he eventually became one of them. Whilst Meibatsu had been there he had tried countless times to kill the ‘Son of God’ and had earned the titles Grim Reaper, and Lucifer, due to the heinous acts he committed during that time. 

The Demon Lord smiled in earnest as he remembered when he had revealed the identity of humanity’s so called ‘Saviour’ and he had been crucified. To this day people remember his titles and fear them. In the human realm he adopted a less conspicuous appearance, however in the demon world he truly resembled the fallen angel Lucifer, with his white hair, deathly pale thin skin, eyes so black that they seemed to absorb light, wings that could engulf the sun’s blinding light, and the enormous horns that protruded from his skull, and the fact that he was able to raze an entire city with ease didn’t hurt either.

After remembering the last time he had visited Earth, during World War II, he decided to go immediately. He quickly flew through black, storm filled skies of the demon world and into the demon world. 

When he landed he was greeted by a deathly silence. They must have moved quickly, he thought as he surveyed the destroyed church grounds. I didn’t think that they would be quite so rowdy, but then again it has been more than a century since they had last come to Earth. He then saw two figures clashing almost a hundred miles away. I’ve got to see this he thought and took flight.

The demons had come in waves of thousands. Connor moved quickly and destroyed most of their ranks, and much of the city too; however Jacob didn’t react as fast and was caught by large number of demons. They snapped at him and gibbered madly every time he cringed away from their disgusting breath.
“Oh no you don’t.” He said and raised the Blade of Sonshitsu, a blast of crimson light burst forth from the blade and laid waste to their hideous ranks. He rose only to be tackled another large force of demons. There’s too many. He thought, and then said,
“I’m going to die” He realised this and seemed to be resigned to his fate. No it’s not over yet. Said a voice he knew all too well, before he could reply he felt his body jerk and he saw the blade of Sonshitsu glow with a red light. The demons began to back away as he stood again. His face was lowered so that they couldn’t see his face, but they could see the intense aura of pure power that now radiated from him. 

He raised his head and smiled menacingly at the demons. He made his move, as they took a step back in unison, and carved an arc of destruction with his now blood drenched Blade of Sonshitsu. Once he was done he was panting slightly from the excitement of the battle, his new crimson eyes that were pierced by a single line of black glowing with bloodlust. 
“So you’ve become something of a berserker have you?” Connor asked walking towards him with the Letum resting on his shoulder.
“Kill...” Jacob said quietly.
“Huh?”
“Kill... kill... kill, kill, kill, and kill.” Jacob began to chant these words as he turned to attack Connor, who barely dodged the attack. 
“Whoa dude calm down!” He said and took flight in order to stay of his reach; however he underestimated Jacob’s new abilities. When he reached two hundred feet he assumed that Jacob wouldn’t be able to reach him, so when he saw Jacob flying up to greet him he was shocked to say the least. What the hell happened to him?       

Meibatsu watched as the demon hybrid lost the upper hand when he literally lost his hands. The fight had destroyed almost the entire city, and now the demon lord stood on the churches burning roof transfixed by the macabre dance the two were performing in front of him. The one with wings once more took flight in an attempt to escape his opponent, but the other hybrid was quicker and hacked off the demon hybrid’s wings. Meibatsu laughed as he cried out in pain. The ocean of blood that spurted from where his wings once were was a sight of complete beauty. The demon hybrid would lose, that much was certain.

He watched as Jacob once again came at him and slashed his hands off. He tried to fly, but he lost his wings to the crazed Jacob. Give in. The voice whispered through his mind, and he could feel its raw power, but he wouldn’t stoop to the level of having to request someone for their help. Give in. The voice repeated once more. No! He thought as he continued to fight a losing battle. Connor, give in now or you will die here. He felt the warmth that flooded trough him as the voice spoke to him, and he could feel something touch his shoulder, but when he turned to look he could only see a faint apparition of his mother. A single tear escaped his eye, and then all hell broke loose. 

Where am I? Connor wondered as he drifted through nothingness. How did I get here? It was at that moment that he saw Yuki, in a glowing white form. The brightness was torture to his vampire senses, yet he couldn’t bring himself to look away.
“Connor Tenshi Yami, you are not meant to die here, nor your friend.”
“But how do I fight him now? He has taken my wings and my hands, I cannot defeat him.” 
“Yes you can, as a demon of shadows within shadows, darkness inside darkness, a hell in hell, you are far more powerful then you realise. Take our strength.”
 ‘Our strength’ what do you mean by ‘our strength’?” At that moment he could see them, every single werewolf and vampire who had been at the K.O.E. They all displayed glowing black wings and began to converge on him. 

Back in reality Jacob had skewered Connor with his large sword, and was about to repeat this action, when Connor opened his eyes and saw the sword going straight for his heart. Reacting on instinct he grabbed the sword, un-caring about the fact that it was cutting deeply into his palm, or the fact that he had hands again. He pulled the sword from Jacob’s grasp and kept him at bay with his single hand. How did this happen? He wondered in his own storm filled mind, I can see his movements as though he were a human, I can restrain him with the simplest effort, and I do not feel any pain. These thoughts flowed around his head like a hurricane, all the while he kept his friend at bay, in the way an adult would restrain a small child. Jacob continued to struggle against Connor’s over powering grasp, but found that, no matter how much his struggled, he couldn’t make Connor release his grip. 
“Jacob,” His friend snarled in response, “If you do not return to your senses I will not be held responsible for whatever actions I take against you.” More snarls. He sighed and through away the Blade of Sonshitsu, then he held out his hand; in a second the Letum had appeared within his grasp. At the sight of the blade Jacob struggled more forcefully. My blade and his are complete opposites. Connor thought; mine was made to destroy while his was made to protect. He laughed once and drove his weapon into Jacob’s abdomen. He heard his friend’s screams and felt the part of him that enjoyed the suffering of others; begin to resurface, but something held it back. Yuki, he thought and smiled at the fact that she was still with him in a way.
“C-Connor,” Jacob began then changed his mind and said, “Behind you dumb ass.” And, for reasons beyond his comprehension his body turned to dust and flew away into the wind, after watching the dust disappear into the setting sun Connor turned and saw it then. The demon lord that had been watching their fight was clapping his hands and laughing.
“Splendid, simply splendid.” He said and floated towards Connor, “That was an amazing battle my friend, now how about you try me?” The demon said and beckoned him.
“Sure.” Connor said sounding very upbeat, almost like it was a request to play a sport or something.

The sword entered his gut and he knew it was a fatal wound. Great, now I’m going to die. Jacob thought and saw it then. What the hell is that? Every fibre of his being cringed at the sheer power. 
“C-Connor,” He managed to cough out his friend’s name, “Behind you dumb ass.” And then he lost conscious, but not before he saw the demon begin to converge on Connor. 

Connor blocked another of the demon lord’s attacks. He tried to find an opening to attack, but the demon lord was too fast and left no openings. I don’t want to, but at this rate I might have no other option. He jumped away from the demon and the two stood facing each other. 
“You have held your own surprisingly well.” The demon lord acknowledged.
“Your… not… so bad… yourself.” Connor panted in reply.
“Do you mind if I ask you for your name?”
“Of course not, my name is Connor Tenshi Yami.”
“And my name is Meibatsu, it’s a pleasure to meet you Connor, but may I ask you a favour?”
“Sure.”
“Please die now?”
Meibatsu raised his hand and from his open palm black lightning began to spark. 
“Sorry I don’t do those kind of favours, but I’d be happy to kill you.” Connor replied and allowed his demon blood to flow freely throughout his body, all the while holding onto the warm glow that helped him to keep a hold on his humanity. His black wings glowed with a dark light and his burn marks seemed to move before Meibatsu’s eyes,
“Now,” He paused for effect and raised a hand and beckoned Meibatsu to him, “Shall we dance?” 

The fight lasted far longer then Meibatsu had anticipated, and he could see his opponent had no signs of fatigue. He laughed despite his current situation. Connor looked at him and tilted his head to the side, almost as though he had no concept of the emotion that the demon was displaying. 
“What is so amusing?”
“I do not know, but I will continue to laugh until my last breath has been taken.”
“Then that shall be y-” He was abruptly cut off by the sword that now protruded from his chest. Meibatsu stared in astonishment as his foe, who he had been losing to just moments before, fell to his knees.
“I’m back.” Said a voice that the demon lord recognised belonged to the vampire girl who had opened the portal.

After Connor had purged her from Jacob’s body Yuuku had been a bodiless entity, a ghost in simple terms, until the girl Connor had taken a liking to had died and her soul had merged with Connor’s. Her heart had been torn out, but that was trivial for an original vampire. After she had occupied the body it was a simple matter to re-grow the heart and the other organs that had been damaged. She could then hear the ferocious battle that was taking place and proceeded to the battlefield.

Upon arrival she could see a demon and black winged man fighting each other. Interesting, she thought, this should be very entertaining, she began to make her way to them. The area was a desolate wasteland, filled with ruins of what had once been London. The sun that had lit the sky before was now hidden behind clouds of dust and the air was still heated up with the sheer power of the demons battle. She sighed; I should have known they would’ve done this, but that is what happens when you try to make a deal with demons. Just then she heard a sound like thunder coming from the direction of the ferocious battle. Oh I mustn’t miss this. 

Meibatsu was relieved to say the least, he had been saved by this vampire when he was on the verge of death and now he was standing over the dead body of Connor. He laughed a little at how close to death he had come for the first time in his long existence. 
“So you’re the great demon lord Meibatsu?” The vampire girl asked. 
“Yes I am, and you must be Yuuku, it is a pleasure to meet you.” You disgusting vampire bitch.
“Likewise, now onto a more pressing matter,” She paused and moved closer to the body that now lay still on the cold earth, “How many demons remain aside from you?” She asked.
“Our numbers are not easily measured, but a rough estimate would say that almost half a million of my kind are still alive.” He replied. That many? Damn, there goes killing them all by myself, I’ll probably need someone else to assist me, but who? After thinking for several minutes she realised that there was no one she could ask for help. Crap what have I done?            

He groaned internally and tried to move a little, but found that his body wouldn’t respond to his commands. Well that’s just great. Slowly, but surely, however he soon began to heal, first the hole in his chest where the sword had gone through. God this really hurts. 
“-the great demon lord Meibatsu?” That voice, it was so familiar to him, no, no it can’t be…Yuuku?
“Yes I am, and you must be Yuuku, it is a pleasure to meet you.” Meibatsu, god damn it, why the hell couldn’t she have stabbed me a few minutes later?  
“Likewise, now onto a more pressing matter,” She took a step closer to him, “How many demons remain aside from you?”
“Our numbers are not easily measured, but a rough estimate would say that almost half a million of my kind are still alive.” The demon lord replied; Yuuku remained silent. He felt control of his sword arm return to him, I’m only gonna get one shot at this, he thought and, as silently as possible, he raised his sword that had remained in his grasp, and swung at Yuuku. However he made the mistake of opening his eyes, and saw not Yuuku but Yuki standing beside him, and stopped his sword mid-swing.
“Y-Yuki?” He managed to choke out before Meibatsu stomped on his face, sending him back into the darkness.

He regained consciousness sometime later, but the only reason he could tell that it was later, was because his entire body was completely healed.
“Wake up.” A voice commanded. He moaned weakly in response, “I said wake up!” He opened his eyes a fraction and saw Yuki’s black eyes staring at him. She’s not Yuki though. Instead of asking the standard question ‘Where am I?’ he asked,
“Where’s my mp3?” He grinned a little when a moment of shock crossed her features and then fury. He could see the madness that was so easily identified as Yuuku’s within her eyes, but deep within he could see someone else, but who?
“Hello again Connor,” She said with forced politeness, “Do you know where you are right now?” He shook his head, “You are in Meibatsu’s castle dungeons, and do you know what? It’s located inside the demon world.” He opened his mouth to reply and Yuuku leaned forward to hear it,
“You do realise that if it weren’t for that face you have I would kill you, don’t you?” 
“Such insolence, do you have any idea how degrading it was to plead with that demon to let you live? Do you understand the fact that if it weren’t for me you would be dead by now? Or that if it weren’t for me you would not be seeing your beloved’s face again?” She threw the questions at him as though they meant anything to him.
“Do you not understand that if it weren’t for you Jacob and I would have never had to go through all this shit? Or that he wouldn’t have to die, along with so many others?” Connor replied in a cold distant tone, as though she were not important enough to require his full attention. 
“I’d watch what I say if I were you-”
“Well it’s a good thing I’m not you am I?”
“As I was saying,” She said clearly agitated by his interruption, “This castle is filled with demons, enough so that even you wouldn’t be able to break out.”He laughed once and replied,
“Then let’s test that theory shall we?” 

Meibatsu was sat in a room with the other twelve remaining demon lords, who were all, listening to the exchange that was currently happening in the dungeon. When they heard him speak they could practically feel his tremendous strength. After the first word was spoken they ceased listening and began the debate as to whether they should let him live and brainwash him, or if it would be safer to kill him now and be done with him. The argument was short lived; the demons were all against letting him live after seeing the devastation he had caused in the human world.
“So it is decided, he,” Meibatsu pointed to the image of Connor, “shall die.” At that moment an explosion shook the very foundations of the building.
“What the hell was that?”

“-ke up sleepy head.” A voice spoke through the darkness. Aw come on, just five more minutes, he thought, but quickly remembered what had happened. He instantly sat up, but soon fell back onto the soft pillows. Wait soft pillows, and I seem to be alive, oh crap, I must have died.
“You shouldn’t sit up so quickly Jacob, even for you that wound will take a while to heal.”
“Wh-where a-am I?” He croaked and instinctively tried to raise a hand to his dry throat, this small action caused him to gasp in pain, which, in turn, made his throat hurt even worse.
“You’re in Yasuragi.” She replied.
“How did I get here?” He asked more strongly than before.
“That’s the thing, no one, not even our eldest elf can answer that question.”
“Last question, who are you?” In response she smacked around the face, “What the hell was that for?” He cried out and immediately regretted the pain it caused him, but at least now he was wide awake and soon realised who it was.
“Erufu Otome?” He asked, completely astonished by the woman who sat next to him.
“Of course I am.”
“But you look older than when I last saw you.” He said and remembered the cute teenager he had met when he had first come there, although, truth be told, she didn’t look that different, a little taller, a larger bust and buttocks, and much longer hair.
“Time goes much faster here than in your universe,” She explained, “A few days to you is like years for us.”
“So that means that even if I were to stay here for a year...” He trailed off so she finished for him,
“Only a day or so would’ve passed on earth... Isn’t that wonderful?” She said excitedly and hugged him to her chest gently,
“Yeah, “He said as she squeezed him tighter, “it certainly is.”

He strolled through the hall carrying Yuuku’s unconscious form. He whistled the tune to Enter Sandman, as he slaughtered demon after demon. After he came across a room labelled armoury, he entered. When he didn’t see the Letum he searched for the nearest demon, upon finding said demon he questioned about where the Letum was, the demon said that it was destroyed by Meibatsu. Connor closed his eyes in concentration then grinned, the demon whimpered slightly, Connor let it go and, as it ran as fast it could. Connor blocked its escape,
“Where do you think you’re going?” The demon tried to run the other way, but Connor moved with such speed that in every direction he left an afterimage, that blocked the demons path. 
“Come on scream, otherwise how will I have any fun?” He said and when the demon refused to scream Connor killed it. Yuuku began to stir, well it’s about time.

Meibatsu watched as Connor made his way to his throne room. The other demon lords all looked from one to the other, until their eyes all rested upon Meibatsu.
“All right, all right, I’m going.” He said and left the room to try and end the existence of that miserable half demon. He quickly made his way to his throne room, where the Letum resided. He smirked as he remembered Connor’s expression when the demon said that the sword had been destroyed. But it wasn’t destroyed; however it now serves me, so bring it on Connor Tenshi Yami.
   
Weeks passed and Jacob had steadily regained his strength. Erufu had been making sure that his needs were taken care of, all his needs. Slowly he began to see what he could do. Walking was still impossible, but talking and moving his arms was more or less painless now. He didn’t quite understand why his entire body hurt, since Connor stabbed him in the chest and missed his spine, so he assumed that it was because of how he had arrived. Erufu told him that she had been out in the garden and she saw dust begin to swirl in the shape of a human body, as she had watched she saw Jacob’s body begin to form. And then she had taken his unconscious body inside and tended to his wounds, then he woke up. He didn’t know what had become of Connor, but he felt uneasy, as though something was wrong. He stood in the garden watching as the clouds floated through the sky. The peace he felt was intoxicating, but he knew deep in his soul that He couldn’t stay here for long.
“There you are?” Erufu said as she came up beside him, “I’ve been looking for you.”
“Really? What for?” He asked.
“It’s your friend Connor.” Even if she hadn’t continued he could guess that something bad had happened, “He’s fighting almost a dozen demon lords, in Ritsuzen.” Oh crap. 

“So Yuuku, do you feel like telling me where I might find Meibatsu?” Connor asked her the second she awoke. She glared at him defiantly and spat in his face.
“Now, now, I don’t want to have to kill you,” He tried to say, but laughed, “Okay that’s a lie I wanna kill you, but your have yet to outlive your usefulness. Now,” He knelt down so that his eyes were level to hers, “You’re going to tell me everything I want to know.”
“And what if I refuse?” She challenged, he grinned; she screamed in complete terror. 

Connor sighed after he was through with her.
“I didn’t want to do that, but she left me no choice, oh well.” He said and shrugged. The ‘that’ he was referring to was an ability which he hadn’t used until now, by looking into someone’s eyes (be they human, vampire, werewolf, or demon) he could search their innermost thoughts until he found their fears, then, by tapping into that part of their subconscious, he could place them into an illusion where their worst fears came to life. Yuuku now laid on the stone floor, a look of pure terror etched into her once childish features, now you would never guess that she could once smile. Connor sighed again. I honestly didn’t want to do that, he thought and walked away.

Meibatsu felt the demon hybrid approach his throne room. Just wait until you get here half-breed, I’ll make you regret ever being born. No sooner had he finished the thought, the enormous doors, which weighed well over two tonnes each, were knocked off their hinges and flew across the room. 
“I’m heeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeeeeee…” Connor drew out the one word for as long as possible, “Yeah,” He panted, “I’m here.”
“Well that was odd.” Meibatsu said completely perplexed by Connor’s entrance, he shook his head to regain his composure, “SO you’ve come?”
“That’s too personal to share; the fact is I’m h-”
“No I think we both know that you’re here. Now how about we get down to business?”
“Certainly, but one thing first?”
“What?”
“Could I use your bathroom?” Meibatsu stared at the half demon teenager in complete and utter shock.
“Sure, down the hall, first door on your left.”
“Thanks man.” He said and ran for the bathroom, a few minutes later he returned. “God I really needed that. Anyway you were saying?” Meibatsu merely growled and leapt at Connor trying to grab him with his claws, the Letum lay completely forgotten by his throne.

Connor dodged the swipes with ease, and noticed that Meibatsu was completely consumed with rage. What on earth for? I mean I did kill a few dozen of his subjects, but this is a bit of an over reaction, he pondered this in his head while stepping out of the demon lords clumsy charges. It wasn’t until Meibatsu had taken his fifth swipe at the demon hybrid, that Connor noticed the Letum. He smiled, flashing his sharp as daggers canines. He grabbed Meibatsu’s arm mid-swing and threw the demon lord out of the throne room. He then walked at leisurely pace towards the Letum. But before he could take hold of it, all hell broke loose. From the ceiling several giant demons dropped around him. 
“Oh crap.” he groaned and ducked as one swung its bulky arm at him. There were seven in total, and each one uglier then the other. One would be a suitable look for Cthulhu, another is like a mixture of rabbits, horses, toads, and a cockroach and the rest were so horrible that no one could describe them effectively. “Now ladies…” He dodged another swing, “We can talk about this,” They all roared in reply, “Okay maybe not.” He said, elbowing the closest one in the stomach he grabbed it and began swinging it in a circle effectively knocking out the others in the process. He dropped his make shift weapon. “Well that was easier than I had expected.” As soon as he finished the sentence a deafening roar filled the room. 

Jacob and Erufu ran towards the new council building. Upon their arrival they were stopped by the guards stationed outside.
“Halt!” One of them shouted; they didn’t stop running. “Stop or we will be forced to detain you!” The guards warned, they still continued. When the guards began to move in to intercept the two, Jacob drop kicked one in his face, while Erufu knocked several off their feet. Once the path was clear they burst into the council meeting chambers.
“Who dares to interrupt our meeting?” One of the elders boomed.
“It is I…” Everyone looked at him, “You know… Lycanthrope… I am Jacob Varg!” He shouted and got no response. “Okay why is it that none of you know my name?” 
“Well Jacob the thing is that everyone who knew you, except me, are kind of dead.” 
“How the hell did that happen?” Jacob asked, absentmindedly punching a guard that was trying to pull off a sneak attack.
“Well,” She began and round-house kicked another guard, “There was a strange disease that ravaged my people; it wiped out nearly three quarters of our population.” She explained. Jacob looked down at the intricate symbols carved into the floor and processed the information.
“Then I’m just gonna have to do this by force.” He said sounding unhappy about doing so; however the smile on his face said that he would enjoy it. Before Erufu could ask him what he meant, he moved, with astounding speed, in front of the elders.
“Now are you gonna listen to me, or do I have to force you to?” The elders jumped at how sudden he had moved in front of them; however they quickly regained their composure.
“Why would we listen to you?” The elf elder in front of Jacob snapped his fingers and said, “When you’re surrounded by our thirteen elite-” Jacob quickly knocked them all out, “-dead guards… Okay we will now listen too what you have to say.” The elder sat down, looking visibly shaken by Jacob’s display of power. After Jacob had explained everything to them, they quickly agreed to send him to Ritsuzen.
“I’m coming too, and nothing you say will change my mind.” She said. Jacob only nodded and waited for the portal to appear.










Chapter 15: perfect weapon

To say that Connor was having a bad day was an understatement: first he had awoken in a dungeon, and then he had been led to believe that his sword had been destroyed, and now he had a pair of horns protruding from his upper torso. He turned his head to see Meibatsu’s face, warped as it was, and covered in his blood that was still flowing from his body. As his heartbeat began to slow slightly the Letum seemed to pulse with every dying beat. It shouldn’t be this way… I should be able to kill this bastard. He thought as his eyes began to close. Then why not use my power. Connor’s eyes shot open as a power that he had never experienced flowed into him. Grunting he pulled himself off of Meibatsu’s horns and stood with a two holes in his chest, which began to heal, and soon there weren’t any signs that he had ever been skewered. The demons all stared in awe as his raven wings sprouted from his back in their full glory, and an aura of pure power covered his body. 
“Now,” He said and cracked his knuckles, “Why don’t we try that again?” The demons all roared and charged him with the force of a raging, demonic, rhino. Connor raised one hand and let a small percentage of his power loose; the demons were repelled by an invisible wall of power. They continued to throw themselves at the barrier, and continued to be knocked back by it. I think it’s about time to end this whole thing. He was about to unleash a terrifying attack, but was stopped by the sudden appearance of Jacob, and a woman, who he guessed to by in her early twenties, in his line of fire. He changed the direction of his attack just in time, however the explosions was causing a domino effect of cracks to begin spreading across the castle walls, soon the castle was crumbling around them. When a large chunk of stone fell from the ceiling and Jacob didn’t react, Connor moved as fast as he could and grabbed the two and jumped into the portal. 

After Connor had saved them, Jacob and Erufu were overwhelmed by the shock of it all. The sheer power that Connor had been emitting was unbelievable to say the least. Though shaken Jacob still had to make sure that none of the elves saw him, then he looked around and remembered that they entered the through the elder’s council.
“That is the half demon?” The eldest one asked.
“It must be, I sense the demon inside him.” Another said.
“We destroy it before it destroys us!” One shouted and the rest all nodded. The army began to converge on them.  Crap I’m still too weak to stop this many at once. 
“Step away from me...” Connor’s voice seemed to whisper through Jacob’s mind. Jacob turned and stepped back, as he watched his friend’s skin begin to glow like a fire. 
“What the hell?” Jacob said just as Connor moved faster than an elves eye could follow. Jacob looked around for him and saw the guards groaning on the floor, in middle of it all he could see Connor standing completely unharmed. Jacob was about to shout a warning as another hundred or so guards poured in through the doors, but it wasn’t necessary; when the guards reached Connor’s position he simply wasn’t there anymore. Instead he stood behind an elder and was about to drive his fangs into the elder’s throat when he stopped himself. Jacob sighed with relief, and then gasped in shock as all the elders fell forward, and ceased all movement. That’s not good...

Erufu looked onward as Connor knocked out every guard. These guards were trained to be able to fight off several demons at once, and yet Connor defeated them like they were nothing. Connor stood in the middle of the writhing bodies, his hair was moving as though by a wind that wasn’t there, and his eyes didn’t just glow, but shone so bright that looking into them seemed to char her soul. The doors were suddenly opened and over a hundred guards stormed in. Erufu was frightened, not for herself but for the guards. Connor seemed to be out of control, and this was proven by what happened next; the elders were watching, expecting an easy victory with the amount of trained guards, but Connor took them all by surprise, when he moved behind the fattest elder and prepared to drain him of his blood, however he stopped at the last minute and stepped away. Erufu was about to release the breath she had been holding, when all of the elders slumped forward, showing no signs of life.
“Meibatsu...” Connor said quietly. His voice was different to how it was before; the last time she had heard him he was filled with a sadistic joy, now he seemed to be sad as though he regretted ever being born. Shadows seemed to flood together until a humanoid shape took form.
“Connor Tenshi Yami…” The voice seemed to brush against her skin sending a chill of dread up her spine.
“You seem stronger.” 
“Yes, I can’t explain it but this universe seems to intensify my power, shame the same cannot be said for you.” The shadowy form of Meibatsu said, noting Connor’s difficulty even breathing. It’s because of the purity of my world, Erufu thought, it is like poison to him, but why is it not affecting Meibatsu? The answer seemed to hit her in the face.
“Welcome home, Larngren.” She said politely but her voice held deep resentment.
“Who is he?” Jacob asked still in a defensive stance.
“He is great warrior who was going to fight Connor should you have failed; when you succeeded he became enraged at losing the chance to fight a strong opponent. He then made a contract with the demon lord Meibatsu. The two combined bodies and gained the others power; however he was banished to the demon realm while they were still merging.”
“Thanks for telling them about my history Erufu, but it won’t do much good, since they’re both about to die here.” The shadow said and its form changed, until it resembled an elf, albeit a vampiric one. It had oil black hair that fell past his waist, blood red eyes with slited pupils, and long fangs in place of teeth. 
“Not if I have something to say about it we won’t.” Connor said and flew at Larngren, who stood there completely still, until Connor was mere centimetres away, he moved and Connor flew into a marble pillar. His head was buried deep in the pillar. He pushed against it and gasped when he was able to breathe again. 
“Let’s try that again?” He said and didn’t notice the cracks running up the pillar, until the roof collapsed onto him. 
“Well that’s the last of him.” Larngren said and gasped in surprise when the block of marble was thrown off.
“I’m back baby!” Connor said and cried out when the roof fell on top of him again. 

Jacob was frozen with fear. Connor had been radiating power and this guy was still so much stronger. What chance do I have? This guy’s more than just a demon lord, he is the devil himself. The demon elf smiled at him and a shiver of uncontrolled fear slithered through his body. I’ll grab Erufu and make a run for it. Wait what the hell am I thinking? I’ll do what I usually do;
“And fight for the sheer f**k of it!” He shouted aloud momentarily confusing the demon lord. Jacob changed into his bipedal wolf form and charged. The demon lord raised a hand and stopped him in his tracks. No matter how much Jacob struggled he couldn’t break the telekinetic hold the demon had on his body. Jacob snarled and snapped at the demon who was smiling up at him in a strange way. Oh now that’s just perfect he has ultimate power and he plays for team penis!
“Jacob!” Erufu shouted and tried to move towards him, but it was as though she were trying to move through solid rock. Just as Jacob was about to give up his eyes glowed with a red light; the glow spread across his entire body slowly shifting it from a bipedal wolf form to human, but they could all sense the level of power that seemed to fl0w freely. The psychic restraints were suddenly unable to hold him and broke. 

Erufu watched as Jacob broke free from the psychic chains. He body was tinged black and his face was distended from his face forming a half muzzle, but this didn’t make her quiver in fear; it was his eyes, they were colder then Pluto and seemed to freeze her blood. She suddenly felt a great cold come over the building and the source of it all seemed to be Jacob. 
“Jacob?” He looked in her direction but seemed unaware of her existence. His eyes drifted over where she stood before turning his gaze back to Larngren. It may have been her imagination but the demon lord seemed to shake in fear. 

Jacob launched himself at his enemy, the female was too weak to be considered a threat, and the demon blocked his first punch but was unprepared for the quick arrival of the next. 
“Heh heh, I’m actually going to go all out now.” The demon said and returned the punch with increased force. Jacob flew back faster than the eye could follow, but Larngren was faster. He took hold of his head and smashed it into the incredibly hard floor, using so much force that it caused the entire continent to shudder. 
“Now what will you do lycan?” Larngren asked and cried in shock when Jacobs fangs sunk deep into the flesh of his wrist, biting through skin and bone. The demon pulled back and left his hand in Jacob’s mouth. Jacob began to chew his food, bones and all, and swallowed. His movement was so fast that for a second he left an afterimage, he moved behind Larngren and roundhouse kicked his head, the force was powerful enough that you could hear the crack of bones but the demon was still standing. 
“Not bad.” He grunted as Jacob pummelled his body, “I would even go as far as saying I under esti-” He stopped when Jacob’s hand shot into his chest, “Mated your abilities.” Jacob only growled and tried to grasp his heart but found that there was nothing in between his lungs. The demon pulled the blood soaked hand from his chest and threw the lycanthrope into the wall. Larngren strolled over to the Letum, which Connor had foolishly dropped, took hold of it. He grabbed Jacob’s throat and raised him high above his head.
“Goodbye lycan.” 

Through the darkness Connor felt the Letum. He could feel it like he could feel the one hand that wasn’t under the block of marble. The power pulsed like a human’s heartbeat.  Connor needed to take hold of it, but knew this was impossible in his current state. Rise up... the voice ordered, rise and fight you pathetic excuse for a demon. 
“What did you call me?”
“I said that you’re a worthless demon who’s about to lose his life because he’s too weak to fight.”
“I’ll show you who’s weak!” The thought raced through his mind and he was about to push the block off of him when he felt someone else touch his sword. Nobody touches my sword but me!

Everyone stopped any action. The tails of dark energy being emitted from beneath the roof had caught everyone’s attention. 
“Get your filthy demon hand off of my sword!” The shout seemed to shatter the wind itself. Connor stood in the middle of the block, his raven wings fully extended and eyes filled with bloodlust. 
“And what do you plan on doing if I don’t?” The demon enquired, trying to sound confident but it was obvious he was scared of the demonic power being manifested before him. 
“How about this?” Connor raised his hand and tendrils of darkness snaked around it. Moving so fast that Larngren could not see him, Connor impaled his hand deep inside the demons stomach and pulled out his intestines. The tails of darkness were still inside keeping the wound from closing. Blood continued to flow in a flood from its body; and Connor watched as he tried to pull the tendrils out but received an electric shock that had enough power to blow every single circuit on Earth. He took the Letum out of his grasp and held it at his throat.
“Any last words?” 
“Yeah... You will die not by my hand, but by your lovers.”
“What do you mean?” He put more pressure on his throat drawing a small trail of blood.
“Look behind you.” The demon said and laughed once more before his throat was torn out. Connor turned and almost allowed a tear to escape his eye; there standing in little more than underwear was Yuki. 

Erufu was beginning to feel ignored. First Jacob had overlooked her very existence, and now Connor was staring intently at a demon girl. She mentally shook herself; Jacob was her fated one, not Connor. Yet the more she tried to deny it the more her heart began to throb. Her mind began to go through all of Connor’s and Jacob’s personalities: while Jacob seemed to be warm and gentle, if a little short tempered, Connor seemed cold and outright sadistic, and yet the attraction seemed to get stronger the longer looked at him. Erufu saw the demon girl in the corner of her eye but paid no heed to her until she raised her arm and the ceiling began to collapse onto her. She looked up and terror gripped her heart as she curled up into a ball and closed her eyes in anticipation of the end. Just when she had come to terms with the fact that she was going to die, the end didn’t come. Slowly she opened her eyes and saw Connor standing not three inches away and holding the block up as though it were only a pebble. 
“Y-you saved me?” She gasped in surprise and gratitude.
“Of course, I wouldn’t let you die.”
“W-why?”
“Because something about you makes me feel like less of a demon, also you’re Jacob’s friend so you’re my friend as well.” Connor explained smiling down at her. Erufu once again felt a strange longing for him, however the feeling was short lived, because just as she was about to get up, half a dozen daggers pierced through Connor’s chest. 
“You might want to move.” He choked out; she did as she was told and scampered away. He dropped the marble block and turned just in time to see a bullet fly at him, it hit him right between the eyes. 
“NO!” Erufu screamed as he fell to the floor. The blood flew everywhere, a splatter even landed on her cheek. 
“Hahahahahaha!” I may have missed with the daggers but there’s no way even he could survive a shot to the head.” An insane voice said. Erufu looked up and saw the demon girl walking towards her, an insane grin plastered onto her face.
“I thought you were his lover.”
“I used to be, but I’ve finally realised something.”
“And what would that be?”
“That he’s a demon through and through.”
“You’re wrong.” Erufu barely whispered.
“Huh?”
“I said you’re wrong!” Erufu screamed and a dark light seemed to flow from every single pore in her skin. The sight made Yume step back. Erufu crawled back to Connor’s limb form, the blood still flowed and she could practically smell it.
“Connor.” She whispered and lowered her lips to his blood. As soon as the blood touched her tongue a powerful yearning came over her and she drank it in earnest. 

Yume watched the elf girl as she drank Connor’s blood, the change that began was both terrifying and interesting; her silver hair transitioned into a colour so dark that it could hardly be described as black, her eyes turned from a oak green to dark crimson, her skin became ghostly white, and her already pointed ears lengthened, once the transformation she was like a demon in human skin.
“Hehe, you think that you have a chance against me?” Yume said and snapped her fingers, almost a thousand gibbering demons crowded in.
“You’re such a hypocrite.”
“And why do you think that?”
“You say that you hate Connor because of the demon blood in his vein, and yet,” She chuckled, “You surround yourself with the things that you claim to hate!” Yume opened her mouth to reply, but Erufu never gave her the chance.

Erufu felt like killing more then the thousand demons she could see, but for now they would have to do. Using her incredible new speed she had gained, she slaughtered them all. The blood that flew through the air, the screams as they died, and the crunch of bone, she couldn’t seem to get enough of it. Blood splattered her body from every angle.
“What’s wrong you bitch? You were of so very confident a few seconds ago, but then I tore your army apart.” Erufu said as she tore through demon after demon.
“But… I… you… what the fuck?” Yume screamed.
“What’s wrong? Just summon more demons, raise your fists, hit me, fight me, give me a hug?”
“R-really?” Yume said hopefully; Erufu grinned maliciously, and leaped at her.
“Oh god no!” Yume shrieked. Erufu tore her arms off and covered one of the stumps with her lips, draining the blood from her. Yume tried to kick her off, but it was no use, she had lost too much blood. The torrents of blood started to lessen. I can’t believe it I’m going to die again. 

When Yuuku’s mind had been destroyed Yume had taken control of the body. It took a while to adjust to the mortal realm; since she had spent most of her time floating around Yuuku’s subconscious. Once she had readjusted herself she wondered around the castle, and everywhere she went were blood soaked bodies on the floor. She continued to make her way through it, grabbing whatever supplies she could find. A sudden shudder ran through the entirety of the building and she could see a bright light shining through a pair of large oak doors. Yume moved closer and closer and the light seemed to brighten until it hurt her eyes. When she couldn’t take anymore the light abruptly disappeared. Pushing the doors apart she saw several moaning demons. I could kill them, but I need to know what’s happened here, she thought and decided to let one live while the rest she murdered in a gory fashion; blood flew high in the air and landed on her cheeks and in her mouth. She relished the scent and taste of the blood, bitter as it was. She peeled the flesh off one and used it to tie up the remaining one. Several minutes later the demon came to.
“Now you’re going to answer every single one of my questions.”
“Go fuck yourself!” It said and spat at her face.
“Oh my, it seems you have yet to realise your position, but that’s alright I’ll show you.” She said and tore one of its left arms off and shoved down its throat. 
“Now I’ll say it again, you will answer and my questions.” She said and this time the demon seemed to beg, she took its arm out and threw across the room, hitting a stray demon bat in the process.
“Alright, alright, just don’t kill me!” It cried.
“Then tell me,” She lifted its disgusting face so it looked deep into her eyes, “Where’s the demon hybrid, where’s Conn0r!?” 
“I don’t know.”
“Wrong answer!” She said while tearing its pathetic excuse for a penis off. The screams that it emitted were music to her ears.
“He went through a portal to Yasuragi.” It screamed she leaned closer to it and said,
“You will open a portal there, unless you don’t value your life.” The demon whimpered in response and tried to tell her that it was impossible but remembered the fact that she would kill it.
“I’ll try.” 

Two hours later and a small portal was opened, without hesitation Yume jumped through it. That was when she realised her mistake by doing so; the hatred that filled the portal entered her mind, corrupting and warping it. When she finally arrived on Yasuragi she was filled with a blinding rage at 
