



Night Marchers

By: Rebecca Gober and Courtney Nuckels
© 2011 by: Rebecca Gober and Courtney Nuckels
Cover Photo: © Konradbak / Fotolia
 Cover Work: Marya Heiman
Editing: Mandy Buchanan
http://www.nightmarchersbook.com
http://www.facebook.com/nightmarchers
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 


Table of Contents:

PROLOGUE (A WARRIOR’S FINAL MISSION.)
CHAPTER 1 (KAYLEE AND EMMA, BFI’S)
CHAPTER 2 (28 DAYS EARLIER, THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL.)
CHAPTER 3 (BON VOYAGE)
CHAPTER 4 (FIRST CLASS.)
CHAPTER 5 (WELCOME HOME)
CHAPTER 6 (NEW FRIENDS)
CHAPTER 7 (SURF'S UP)
CHAPTER 8 (ITTY BITTY BIKINI)
CHAPTER 9 (SURPRISES!)
CHAPTER 10 (A SHORT SWIM)
CHAPTER 11 (TAKE A HIKE)
CHAPTER 12 (STRANGERS)
CHAPTER 13 (WARRIORS)
CHAPTER 14 (A WHOLE NEW WORLD.)
CHAPTER 15 (ANSWERS)
CHAPTER 16 (TRAINING)
CHAPTER 17 (MORE SURPRISES)
CHAPTER 18 (TIME)
CHAPTER 19 (SHOW DOWN)
CHAPTER 20 (PAIN)
EPILOGUE
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
SPECIAL FEATURES



PROLOGUE (A WARRIOR’S FINAL MISSION.)

1654 A.D.

For a warrior, nineteen doesn’t seem too young to die; after all he has been through, it comes like a welcomed relief. Crouching down in the bitter darkness, he surveys the distant shadows that play tricks on his mind. They dance along the cliff walls that dwindle down to the swelling surf. Taunting him, knowing what is to come. He walks slowly through the dense forest not questioning his reasons for going. The gods have called his name for this, one of the most important jobs in his tribe. Kneeling down he carefully unwraps the basket. The bones of Keli’ilani lay sacredly in his hands. He is the one chosen to determine their final resting place. He is his people’s warrior. Yet, after this, he must also die; plummet down the towering cliffs below. The bones have to be kept secret…sacred. No one can know where they lay, for they bestow mana, a mighty vigorous supernatural power. If it were to fall into the wrong hands, much harm could befall mankind. His people trust no one with this power, not even him. 
He takes a Kopala from his satchel and begins digging in the rich, moist earth. After digging deep enough he carefully buries the bones…one at a time, gently, carefully. Bowing his head out of respect when he has finished honoring the great Keli’ilani; to his people and himself their great chief will surely be missed. Feeling like he was burying his own father, this man looked after him and raised him after his birth parents passed away. He will never be able to repay in gratitude, all that he bestowed upon him. A single tear drips down his cheek as he covers the precious bones. He mourns for his chief’s life and his own this night.
Taking several moments to prepare himself, he decides to eat from the land one last time. For in a few moments he will no longer inhabit his earthly body that requires sustenance. He picks a single berry from the tree where he buried his chiefs’ bones beneath the roots. It is the only fruit this tree seems to have produced; yet he doesn’t mind, as he does not need much nutrition to carry him into the next life.
Standing upright he says his final goodbyes. Turning towards the towering cliffs he looks over the rocky edge. He watches a rock briefly as it makes it’s decent, failing to hear it meet the earth below. This is it, he thinks. This is where it all ends. It’s a surreal and beautiful moment for him, full of clarity and certainty. He is at peace with himself; he has done what he had come to do. His life flashes before his eyes as his foot dangles over the cliff. A vision of his beloved is painted in his mind; it is as if she is here with him in this moment. He can envision her dark hair, flowing behind her in the wind. Her beauty gives the peace he needs as he hopes that they will subsequently be reunited in the afterlife. “I am ready,” he says to her, and to himself, as he plummets to his impending death. 



CHAPTER 1 (KAYLEE AND EMMA, BFI’S)

Present Day

“I’m so jealous Emma,” Kaylee yells at me as she throws a hand full of confetti in my face. I look up just long enough to give her a good rolling of my eyes. Sulking, it has been a frequent visitor to my never-ending torture called life. I immediately go back to tearing up crape paper decorations then arranging them into the word ‘SUCKS.’ 
“You have got to stop being such a drama queen Emma! I’ve been dreaming of getting out of Texas my entire life and you finally have the chance,” Kaylee whines and then goes back to blowing up more purple balloons. 
I agree with Kaylee, I am being a drama queen. Under the circumstances though I just keep my head down and try to stifle the negative thoughts running around in my head. 
Kaylee has been my best friend since we first met at camp in the seventh grade. Our friendship was solidified when we got into trouble for coating the boys cabin with shaving cream while they slept. One of the poor boys slipped on some and ended up with a concussion. We were stuck cleaning the mess hall for the duration of our stay; it turned out to be the best summer ever.
We are more like sisters than friends. Sure we don’t look alike...at all. In fact we’re total opposites physically. She is petite and perfect like a Barbie doll with her big blue eyes and long flowing blond hair. Sometimes her runway model appearance makes me green with envy. Me on the other hand, I’m just plain. I personally don't see anything uniquely beautiful when I look in the mirror. My espresso brown hair and chocolate brown eyes won't make me stand out in any crowd. It isn't low self esteem, just my truth. I don’t look at myself in the mirror and see anything that would make me uniquely beautiful. I don’t have low self-esteem or anything; I just don’t really see my espresso brown hair and chocolate brown eyes really making me stand out in a crowd. Anyhow, it’s not our looks that make us like sisters; it’s our connection. It’s like our brains run on the same frequency. We have nearly everything in common from clothes to music and books; the exception being our taste in boys. So far it has worked to our benefit tremendously. 
We have been making plans for after graduation since we were thirteen years old. We narrowed down our top three college choices, found nice apartments near each campus and would be bunkmates. That was the plan, to enjoy our first sweet taste of freedom together…Well, at least that's what I thought we were doing.
How can I smile, play the “happy camper” and be all appreciative of this stupid bon voyage party she’s so thoughtfully throwing for me knowing that tomorrow I will have to say goodbye to her? 
Kaylee stops blowing up her balloons and takes a seat in the chair next to me. She looks down at the table and with one swipe of her hand destroys the word ‘SUCKS’ I had worked so hard on. Without looking up at me she immediately starts rearranging the torn up crape paper into three letters: BFI...Best Friends Infinitely. Not forever, we have always said we will be friends longer than forever, infinitely. 
Upon seeing this I’m not sure whether I should smile or break down and cry. I try the smile, only to find that my frown has become a permanent fixture on my face. 
Reaching over she caresses my back in a sort of mother-like gesture. , “Don’t worry Emma, we only have two more months till we graduate. You know I have to finish high school here but I am going to apply to Kauai Community College so we can be together again. You better let me live with you since I’ll be broke as a joke being an out of state transfer.” She says the last part in an upbeat manner, probably trying to make light of the situation. 
I look at her, still trying to dredge up something similar to a smile. “Can’t wait.” 
She gives me a quick grin and goes back to decorating my empty living room with goofy Hawaiian decorations and Bon Voyage cut outs. The ceiling and walls are covered in twirls of crepe paper. It looks like someone threw up a bunch of purple and yellow streamers in here. Perhaps she’s trying to over compensate so it’s not so noticeable that my childhood home is now devoid of furniture. Not the best place to throw a party but I guess it makes it harder to mess anything up. At least she was able to borrow some fold out tables and chairs; otherwise there literally would be nothing to sit on other than the recently polished oak floor. 
With Kaylee preoccupied again, I’m free to get back to sulking and wallowing in self-pity. I have to say, I’m getting darn good at it! After all, I’ve been practicing for about a month, ever since my Dad broke the news to me twenty-eight days ago...



CHAPTER 2 (28 DAYS EARLIER, THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL.)

I open the front door of my house to find my dad standing there waiting for me. Immediately I start to defend myself. "Sorry dad, I know I'm like thirty minutes late but we couldn't find Kaylee's car in the parking lot at the mall. We had to walk around for twenty minutes only to realize we were looking on the wrong level. Kaylee left her phone in her locker today at school and my phone died, otherwise I would have called you. Please don't be mad." I spit out my reasons way too quick wondering if it even made sense. Holding my breath waiting to hear what punishment will ensue. 
My dad smiles and gives me a hug. I breathe a sigh of relief as he says, "It's okay honey. Look, we need to talk." I look at him worried but he clarifies, "you aren't in trouble." 
He leads me to the living room and I sit down on our ugly, overstuffed brown couch. I settle into the same spot I’ve been sitting in since I was three. I’ve sat in it so long that it’s molded to the shape of my body. Although, it hasn’t always been my spot; it originally belonged to my Mom. I claimed it when she disappeared shortly after my third birthday. I only have a few brief memories of her. I remember vividly how she smelled, like lavender and vanilla with a touch of baby powder. Her scent remained on the couch for a while after her disappearance. I remember sitting in this spot on the sofa for the first few years after she was gone. I would close my eyes and try to block out everything but the scent she left behind. I would imagine that she was sitting next to me singing me a lullaby. 
I know that the scent has gradually faded over the years but even today I feel as though I can still smell a small trace of her. It reminds me of how much I miss her; all I have left is the memory of her scent and a picture that I carry with me everywhere. It’s a picture from my third birthday. My mom is bright and happy, swinging me in the park. Her hair is long and wavy. It has the beautiful color of straw being kissed by the sun. In the photo my smile is slightly eclipsed by the brilliance of hers. You would never have known that only a few months after this photo was taken she would be gone. 
The memory of that day still haunts me... I threw a tantrum the size of Texas when my mom dropped me off at my aunt’s house that morning. I kept crying and throwing myself to the floor. At one point I even held onto my mother’s leg when she was trying to walk out the door. I knew I shouldn’t be throwing a fit, after all, my mom took me to my aunt’s house two days a week when she went to her part time job. I love my aunt and I should have been used to it. I just felt like something was wrong that day. Maybe it was a premonition or something, but I remember not wanting my mom to leave.
When my mom finally pried me off her leg she sat me down and put her hands on my shoulders trying to get me to calm down. She said, “Now Emma, is this how a three and a half year old should be acting?” I shook my head as tears continued to fall down my cheeks. “You’re right Emma. You are a big girl now and I need you to act like one. I will be back to pick you up before you know it. For the mean time I need you to be a good girl for your auntie. Can you do that for me?” I gave an over exaggerated nod. “That’s my big girl. Now, mommy will be back before you know it. I love you this big.” She held her arms out wide. 
I mimicked her motion and replied “Love you this big too mommy.” She gave me a bear hug then left. 
Little did I know that those would be the last words we would share and that would be our final embrace. I never saw her again after that morning. They told us that she had gone out to run an errand for work but she never returned. Her car was found outside a grocery store parking lot. 
My Dad, with me in tow, tried to search for her nonstop for a year. The police were involved too; but after a few weeks of searching they dismissed the case due to a ‘lack of evidence’ since there was no sign of a struggle or foul play. They didn’t have any other reason to believe that she did anything other than just pick up and run out on her family. My dad and I knew better though. She was not the kind of wife or mom that would ever do that to her family. She was loving, kind and full of so much good. 
My dad hasn't been the same since we lost my mom. Prior to our loss, his friends would have described him as jovial, and the life of the party. They would say that he was never seen without the dimples showing in a smile on his face. I wish I could describe him as his friends once did.
He is actually a rather handsome man with salt and pepper hair, masculine brown eyes and a tall sturdy frame. Unfortunately, I rarely see those big dimples and his eyes always look haunted. It’s not that my dad doesn't smile or that he mopes around the house all the time. It’s just that there seems to be something missing in him. Happy moments that are just an inch shy from being truly happy or his smile never quite reaching his eyes. I guess I can’t really blame him; he was left with no answers. 
I think the hole left in my dad’s heart was broken beyond repair. Nothing could ever occupy it again the way my mother did. Sometimes I think that’s the reason he is so caught up in his work; he’s trying to fill that void my mother left. 
Please don’t get me wrong, my dad hasn’t checked out on me or anything. He still makes sure I have everything I need; he shows up to my school performances and shows me that I am loved. It’s just that he has a sort of emptiness about him that I can’t fill and neither can his work; emptiness only my mother could have satisfied. 
When I was younger it hurt when I saw the loneliness in his eyes I would wonder why I wasn’t enough to make him happy. It took me a while to realize his loss and sadness was about their love not me. I guess some good has come from it though. Over the years I’ve managed to grow more independent. I’m probably one of the more capable teenagers I know. I could be thrust into the world on my own tomorrow and survive just fine. 
I’m brought back to the present as my dad clears his throat; “Emma, you know that I love you and that you are my top priority right?” He begins to nervously pace the room putting me completely at unease.
I look at my dad and nod, considering his angle.
“I was offered an opportunity to pursue my career on a whole new level. You know that what I do means a lot to me. Especially since...” My dad averts his eyes and takes a deep breath to regain his composure. He never likes to talk about mom being gone.
My dad is very passionate about his career. When he describes what he does for a living he describes it as giving hope to the hopeless. Most of my dad’s clientele consists of people who have all but given up on the idea of peace until my dad believes them and offers to help. Peace can come in a variety of different ways including helping people who witness the paranormal. For those who have witnessed different events or have seen paranormal phenomenon they often are never believed. See, we live in a world today that if we don’t see it, it doesn’t exist. Most people in America know about poverty but they choose to turn their heads away so they don’t have to acknowledge the stark realities. Therefore, if they don’t see it, they don’t have to do anything about it. My dad is the complete polar opposite. Faith is what he lives and breaths. He provides his clients with a little bit of faith by believing them and not writing them off as outlandish people. He even sets forth to help document these events, to provide some sort of relevance and give them peace of mind. Even when he isn’t able to obtain any type of tangible evidence, the people that he tries to help still feel comforted that they are not alone. That someone out there shares in their belief that the paranormal does occur. 
I used to travel with him all over the globe for his assignments when I was younger and couldn’t stay home by myself. I was never given the opportunity to witness anything paranormal first hand because dad felt it was important to shelter me from the unknown. I was able to sit in on the initial interviews, but was never taken into the field. My dad responded to a vast number of claims of ghosts, werewolves, vampires, aliens, etc. I wish I had witnessed something truly paranormal because to me it all seemed a bit preposterous and unbelievable. To my dad there was always a thread of possibility; he is more of a glass-half-full kind of guy. 
My dad composes himself and turns back towards me. “I’ve been offered an opportunity to do a full documentary on certain events that have been happening on an island in Hawaii. It’s an opportunity that will pay well beyond some of my other, shorter assignments.”
I thought about how my dad has sacrificed so much for this career, often times he would get so little in return financially. I have never understood what kept him motivated. To be completely honest, over the past few years I’ve started to get a little annoyed with this “career” of his. I’ve been vocal about it too. I think my dad just writes off my concerns and complaints as me being a hormonal teenage girl. Sometimes though, I wish that I could have been a normal kid who still had her mom and whose dad didn’t investigate paranormal events. It would have been great when I was younger if we could have gone on normal vacations to the beach or something instead of hunting down unknown creatures. It was always tough going back on the first day of school and answering the question I dreaded the most, “So what did you do on your summer vacation?” How could I have answered that? “Oh, I sat in a hotel room while my dad chased down some phantoms in Maine,” or “I spent the summer listening to my dad talk about testing ‘animal’ droppings to see if it could have come from a possible wolf/human hybrid.” Yuck! Each year I just settled with “Not much of anything,” as my answer. I figured it was safe, especially if I didn’t want to spend the year being the crazy girl that lives with an eccentric father. 
My dad waves his hand in my face, “Hello, Emma, are you listening to me?” 
I look up at him. “Oh, sorry, well that’s cool, I’m happy for you, dad.” 
Then the words came rushing out of his mouth all in one quick breath, “So, Emma, that means we are going to be moving to Hawaii.” 
He looked at me with a face just short of a cringe. Maybe he has some supernatural powers and can read the future about how I was going to react.
My mind begins reeling as I try to process what he just said. I thought he was talking about a vacation, not moving!
I ask my dad, “So does this mean that you’re moving in the summer?” 
My dad answers lightly, talking to me like a small child, “No honey, it means we are moving in a month.” His insinuation on the word we, makes me cringe.
My brain is struggling, trying to process this last tidbit of information. A month! What? There is absolutely no way! We aren’t going anywhere in a month when I’m in my senior year. “I’m not moving anywhere!” I yell at my dad.
I jump up from my comfy couch and begin pacing the living room. My brain begins turning the gears as alternate solutions invade my mind. “I will move in with Kaylee and her mom or something, but there is no way that you are dragging me to some other country when I’m only four months from graduation. I am going to be eighteen next month and you can’t make me!” 
I am seething, I’m so angry that my dad could even contemplate doing this to me. I realize that I’m throwing an immature fit; I also realize that Hawaii is not another country…I am an A student after all. In my opinion though, Hawaii might as well be another country. It’s thousands of miles away. It’s an island for goodness sakes, surrounded by water and sharks! I start to take my dramatic exit towards my room but my dad steps in my path. 
“Emma, I realize that your graduation is coming up. I thought about this for several weeks and I originally turned down the offer. They came back to me with an offer that I couldn’t refuse. You have to understand Emma, this is what I do. This is the type of break that I’ve wanted for a long time. The opportunity in itself is too beneficial for our family to pass up. The money alone will cover your college and set us up for a good while. I need you to please support me on this; I know it’s not the best timing.” He takes a second to inhale a deep breath letting the intensity of the recent conversation fade. “I did consider letting you stay here with Kaylee, but I couldn’t take being away from you for that long. I know your mom would never stand for me to leave you when I’m so far away. She wouldn’t want it and neither do I.” His voice becomes soft as he says the last words. He looks at me with pleading eyes that are lined with tears. 
I can’t believe he pulled the mom card. Of course she wouldn’t want for us to be apart, but I’m sure she wouldn’t approve of him dragging me thousands of miles away during my senior year. If she were here, I’m positive she would object for me. A tear escapes down my cheek. I quickly brush it away with the back of my hand. This is all too much! I push passed my dad and run to my room, slamming my door as I throw myself on my bed. This time I just let the tears fall freely. 
A few seconds later, my doorknob begins to turn, but stops just shy of opening. I hear his head lean up against the door. A small sigh escapes him. “Emma, honey. I love you so very much. I know that this is hard for you to understand right now and I don’t expect you to be able to process everything in a night. I will be in my room if you feel like talking.” He hesitates for a moment before he slowly releases the doorknob. I hear his footsteps walking slowly away, down the hall, towards his room.
I eventually cry myself to sleep thinking about how much I miss my mom. 



CHAPTER 3 (BON VOYAGE)

“Emma, can you grab the door?” Kaylee asks, bringing me back to the present. 
“Huh?” I ask.
“The door, can you get the door?” Kaylee repeats. She’s carrying three trays of food in her arms. I feel bad; here she is doing her best to throw me a going away party and I’m totally checking out on her. I’m determined to straighten up and start acting like I appreciate this considerate gesture that my best friend is doing for me. Plastering a smile on my face, I get up and head to the door… Time to party one last time with my Texas friends...
Three hours later it’s just Kaylee and I cleaning up all the plates, coke cans and chip bags. There wasn’t much to clean up. After all, there is no furniture left in the house. It’s all been packed up, including my comfy couch and taken to storage. 
I turn around and see Kaylee standing in the corner painstakingly rolling up leftover crape paper. Her shoulders are hunched over with her hair hanging low covering her face. As I walk over to her I can hear the small whimpers escaping her. “Kaylee…” reaching out I turn her to me. She looks up slowly, catching my eyes. Hers are red and rimmed with tears. That’s all it takes and we’re in each other’s arms, holding on for dear life and crying. We stand there for what seems like forever not saying a word, avoiding the goodbye that will inevitably come.
“Emma,” Kaylee says as she eventually pulls away. She takes my shoulders in her hands and looks me straight in the eye. She does her best to make her face strong, but I’ve known her long enough to see the pain she’s clearly hiding. “We are sisters, and we always will be. No distance could ever separate us. I love you so much, and you will always be my best friend, infinitely. Right now this may not seem like the best thing, but when we’re old we’ll look back on this and laugh. This is just a road bump in our lives and we will get through this, together.” She reaches down and squeezes my hand to extenuate her point. It’s just like her to be the mother hen in our relationship. She is the constant in my life and I’m repeatedly amazed by how she handles tough situations. After all this is happening to her too. If it weren’t for her consistent encouragement I’m not sure how I would be handling this move. She’s made sure over the past several days to correct me when I’m being bitter and complaining about this ‘hand’ I’ve been dealt. 
Kaylee continues, “I got you a little something and I want to give it to you before you leave.” She hands me a small box wrapped in pink paper. 
I smile all the while mentally kicking myself for not thinking about getting her something in return. “You really shouldn’t have gotten me anything. You already went out of your way to throw me such an amazing going away party!” 
She just looks at me with a steady face, “It’s not a huge deal; it’s just something that I wanted you to have.” 
I carefully peel the wrapping back and open the box. I shuffle around the paper inside and pull out a beautiful cobalt blue sealed jar. I knew instantly what was inside… air.
It’s my thing, my collection. Most people might see this as weird, but I’m not like most people. Usually collections consist of certain types of objects like stamps, coins, postcards, cookbooks, or maybe even sand from different beaches. To me, these are such common things to collect. I wanted something unique, one of a kind even. Of course, I have heard of some very bizarre collections over the years: belly button lint, barf bags from airplanes, toilet seat covers, sugar packets, burnt food, and unscratched lottery tickets. The last one I completely don’t understand. This person could have numerous lottery tickets worth tons of cash, but he refused to scratch them for the sake of his collection. The first time people hear I collect air, they usually get this scrunched up look on their face like they’re constipated. Then they ask how I could possibly collect something as intangible as air. Simply put I have these small glass jars that have a wax-sealed lid. When I was younger I used to collect air from places my dad took me to for work, as my memento from traveling. As I grew older and no longer accompanied my dad I collected it in places that were special to me, places I wanted to keep with me forever. I’m not sure where I originally got this idea from, but it has been there as long as I can remember. I have samples of air from all over the globe: Melbourne Australia, Taipei Taiwan, Karachi Pakistan, and Baguio City Philippines. These are just a few of the hundred or so bottles I possess. 
I look at the label on the jar. It says, ‘Kaylee and Emma’s secret hiding spot.’ I laugh when I think about how it’s not really that secret of a place. It’s actually just a rooftop of a nearby Dunkin’ Donuts. I’m sure we weren’t supposed to climb the ladder on the side of the donut shop but one day Kaylee dared me to climb it. She followed and when we got to the top I knew it was going to be our secret place. We could see far off into the horizon from that height, yet still be hidden from the public eye. After that day we would often sneak out to the roof at night to gaze up at the stars and talk about everything from our dreams, to boys, to the tests we had the next day. It may have just been a plain old rooftop but it will always hold a special place near and dear to my heart. “Kaylee, this is perfect,” I whisper. 
I wrap her up in a great big hug, knowing she’ll have to leave soon. I drag the moment out as long as I can. 
“Kaylee...” 
“No, don’t say it. We can’t say the GB word because it’s not; it’s an I’ll see you later that I want to hear.”
I smile and let my shoulders fall briefly before composing myself. “You’re right Kaylee, I will see you later.” She lays her hand on my shoulder for a moment before turning towards the door. 
“You better text me everyday,” Kaylee starts, “I want to hear everything!” 
“I will Kaylee, I promise.” 
She grabs my pinkie finger in hers, “Best friends infinitely?” 
“Best friends infinitely,” I repeat. She turns around, slowly twisting the knob and leaves without looking back.



 CHAPTER 4 (FIRST CLASS.)

“Flight 544 now boarding for Honolulu, Hawaii,” I hear the flight attendant with blond hair that’s the size of Texas drone from behind her kiosk style desk. I stare at her for a moment perplexed at how she could possibly find enough hair spray to do that to her hair! It makes Dolly Parton’s hair look flat as a pancake.
My dad leans over to me with a mischievous grin, “Hey Emma,” he whispers. “What do you call a proton with big hair?” I give him a sizable grin, “What?” He lets out a small chuckle, “A fro-ton.” My dad and I bust up laughing while staring at the big-haired flight attendant. She looks up from her computer screen noticing us almost instantly so we quickly avert our gazes elsewhere.
I let my eyes drift downwards to stare at the boring geometrical square pattern that decorates the industrial carpet of the waiting area. Normally I would just people watch, but I don’t think the hustle and bustle is doing much to calm my mind. Squirming in the plastic seat I feel the butterflies doing summersaults in my stomach. I still can’t believe that this is it. No more Texas. No more open skies or sun scorched summers. I never thought I’d say this, but I’m going to miss the feeling of a hot blow dryer constantly hitting my skin in August. Or driving down the urban streets filled with big businesses, fancy houses and random cattle ranches littered in between. 
“Now boarding First Class.” The flight attendant with the big hair announces. 
I feel the anxiety set in. I should have asked the doctor for a Xanax or something. I wonder if people can pinpoint the exact time that their life changes forever. I’m sure for my Dad it was the day my mom left. For me, I think it is this moment right now. 
I look to my Dad who is putting his laptop back into his carry on. “I have a surprise for you Emma,” my dad says. “What do you think about flying first class today?” He waves the tickets in front of my face and raises his eyebrows at me. 
For a second the butterflies stop tumbling and I feel a small ounce of excitement. “First class?” I question. “How on earth did you manage that?” 
“Well, Mr. and Mrs. Kealoha decided that since I am uprooting my teenage daughter only a few months from her graduation, this was the least they could do. Honestly, I’m not surprised; they sure can afford it!” 
“Cool.” I add trying to hide my semi-excitement. I know that my whole life is changing and I should continue with my woe-is-me attitude, but first class sounds really cool. I’ve always wondered what it would be like in first class and the Kealoha’s are right, it is the least they could do. I mentally strike through that last selfish thought.
With our carry-on’s in tow we head to the front of the line and show our tickets to the big haired flight attendant who’s stepped out from behind her desk. I practically choke on the smell of her perfume as we pass; it smells like she took a bath in it. I feel a little out of place up here in the front of the line. I feel like I should be sporting Abercrombie and Fitch duds and carrying a designer handbag. Isn’t that how the first class roll? I wonder if they can smell Sears on me. 
The flight attendant tears off our ticket stub and gestures for us to head down the long narrow jet bridge. The bridge to nowhere pops into my mind before I can shoo it away. No negative thoughts Emma, I chide myself. Big Texan smiles greet us by way of the captain and a few of the flight attendants as we enter the plane. I wonder if people in Hawaii are going to be as hospitable as the great south is. 
A much too flamboyant male flight attendant, whom looks like he spent an hour gelling his hair, escorts us to our seats. I slide into the oversized bright blue window seat and pull the shade down half way to block the rising sun from my eyes. My dad settles into the aisle seat next to me while the flight attendant puts our carry on bags in the compartment above our heads. No heavy lifting for us in first class I guess. Once we are settled I notice the other first class passengers around us. Some already have their laptops pulled out and others glance in our direction giving us the once over. I bet they are probably wondering how on earth we could afford first class seating. I start spotting all the designer labels they are proudly displaying. It’s all the stuff I see in my InStyle magazine but could never really afford. 
The peppy male flight attendant clears his throat and asks, “What can I get you two to drink on this lovely afternoon?” I kind of do a little giggle in my mind. They never offer us anything to drink until we’ve almost landed when we sit back in coach.
I request a coke and my dad requests black coffee. He’s a manly man so there’s no sugar or cream to be had in his cup of jo.
The flight attendant comes back with a tall crystal goblet filled with coke and a ceramic mug with a silver rim filled with steaming black coffee. He makes another trip behind the curtain, coming back again with pillows and blankets in his arms. He takes the blanket and unfolds it placing it over my lap. This seems over kill to me, but I sit back and let the man do his job. I shouldn’t be complaining; secretly I could really get used to this royal treatment. 
A few minutes after the last first class passengers are seated all the other passengers begin to board. I feel a little uncomfortable. Now all the people that aren’t ‘privileged’ enough to book first class get to view us. I’m sure many of them are looking at us as I did on many of my previous flights; wondering what it would be like to be able to afford first class seating. I felt like an exotic animal at the zoo. Feeling a bit awkward, I grab a book out of my bag and pretend to read until the procession of people has lessened to only a few stragglers.
One of the last to board is a couple, Husband and Wife, each holding a hand of their little three year old daughter. The daughter pulls on her mother’s arm and bounces with excitement as her curls dance across her shoulders. She points at everything and is asking a million questions. The flight attendant at the front gives her a pair of wings for her first flight as her parents guide her down the aisle to their seats. I eventually have to look back down at my book as I try my best not to allow myself to get emotional. I was that age once; so excitable and loved by two parents. I sometimes wonder what life would have been like if one of those beloved parents was not taken away from me. My hand instinctively goes to the front pocket of my jeans where my mom’s picture is. I just let my hand linger there for a while basking in that familiar, comforting feeling.
My dad pulls out his book and starts to read. He’s not one for senseless conversation. I don’t really mind though. I put my book down; knowing reading right now is useless. I ease my pillow behind my head and pull the blanket up. I stare out my window and zone out during the safety demonstration and take off. 
Our peppy flight attendant comes back to take our order for lunch. I expect the choices to be our usual beef or chicken option, but instead we are offered Filet Mignon or Lobster. I order the Lobster and my dad orders the Filet Mignon. I contemplate the likelihood of him sharing part of his meal with me. 
The flight attendant brings our order to us a few minutes later. A garden salad, creamed potatoes and fresh green beans accompany our main entrees. I take a bite of my lobster and savor it. Yum. I don’t leave a drop on my plate. My dad even lets me finish off a few left over pieces of his filet mignon. I see a couple of other passengers stare at me as I scrape the last remaining morsels of food off his plate. Hey, do not judge me, I’m still a growing teenage girl, I think to myself. It’s not every day I get a meal like this either!
After our trays are cleared I recline my seat almost all the way back. I don’t feel a single pair of legs blocking the way behind me like they do in coach. I get comfortable and settle in for the remainder of our eight-hour flight.
One of the last thoughts that pass through my head before I drift off to sleep is: if the Kealoha family can afford to fly their employees first class, I wonder what the house they set us up in will look like?



 CHAPTER 5 (WELCOME HOME)

Several hours and a short flight from Honolulu later we exit the plane at Lihue’s airport in Kauai. My dad and I take the short trek in this little airport towards baggage claim. Gazing at the tourism photos that line the white walls of the airport hallway, I realize how unlike my home this place is. The pictures paint a strikingly beautiful landscape and I wonder if what I see in these photos is really what I’ll get. 
When we reach the open baggage claim area we emerge out into a crowd of hundreds of people in what seems to me like chaos. It’s not really though, we are surrounded by families reuniting, vacationing couples looking for their designated luggage carousels and Hawaiian greeters with lei’s in their hands. I watch as a pregnant woman greets a man in Army fatigues that I’m guessing is her husband. I never realized how touching the arrivals gate can be. If I ever need a good dose of humanity in its happier moments, this would be the place to go.  
As we walk around trying to find our way, we see two beautiful Hawaiian women holding a sign that says: “Townsend Family.” 
I look to my dad in question. He gestures with his head and we stride over to them. Both women are identically dressed in black summer dresses with the traditional Hawaiian floral print in yellow and red. They were both wearing bold tropical yellow flowers in their hair; they looked like they were picked fresh that morning. Several layers of shell-strung necklaces decorate their necks. In their hands they each hold a lei made of boldly colored red flowers headed off with white undertones. One of the leis is different from the other. It has green leaves intertwined with the flowers. 
Once we reach the two women they simultaneously say, “Aloha,” place a lei on our necks and give us a brief kiss on the cheek as Hawaiian tradition dictates. 
I got the lei with the green leaves woven in which smells sweet and floral. I say, “Thank you,” while giving them a meek smile. 
My dad replies “Ma-halo.” I look at him in surprise wondering how he knew to say, I’m assuming, the appropriate Hawaiian thank you. He shrugs and gives me a half smile followed by a wink. “Your old man did his research of course. You don’t think I would move my teenage daughter to another country without Googling island life first?” 
I stick my tongue out jokingly at him for making a dig on my ‘another country’ reference. 
My dad reaches over and touches the green leaves on my lei. “These are from the Ti plant. They are woven in to chase evil spirits away and to bring good luck to the wearer.”
One of the women speaks up, “You have studied well Mr. Townsend.” She gives a pleased smile to my dad. “Thank you for coming to our island. The Kealoha’s are grateful to have such a bright and talented man in their employ.”
I think about what my dad said about the Ti plant leaves and wonder why they didn’t put those leaves in his lei. I guess it’s because he’s here to document some evil spirits. If they were chased away like their superstition believes, there would be no point for us being here. 
“Thank you; we’re happy to be here,” my dad replies. He looks at me briefly to make sure my facial expression doesn’t show anything different. I’m sure he’s relieved that I’ve given up my ‘life is over’ attitude. He then continues to introduce us, “This is my daughter Emma and you can call me Alex.” 
I say, “Aloha,” and immediately feel a little goofy and unsure of myself. Unlike my dad, the language flows unnaturally from my tongue.
The other woman speaks up, “Emma, you are absolutely beautiful. Alex, you will need a shot gun to keep our Hawaiian boys away from your daughter.” 
“Um, thank you... I mean Ma-halo.” I say blushing from head to toe. I don’t consider myself beautiful, although it was a generous compliment for her to make. I doubt my dad will need to run out to the store and buy a shotgun anytime soon. After all, he didn’t need it back in Texas. 
The women and my dad participate in brief small talk including the weather, and how our trip was while we await our luggage, which has just started spitting out onto a conveyor belt. 
Luggage begins to spin slowly around as I watch for our bags to emerge. I see the purple ribbons I tied to the bags as they turn the corner to us. I begin to grab for it when a man from behind me takes them off instead. It startles me to think I didn’t even know he was there in the first place. He is dressed in black slacks and a white button up that has the sleeves rolled up just high enough to reveal his tribal tattoos on both forearms. 
“Ummm, dad?” I do a slight tug on my dad’s shirt and nod towards the man. I’m hoping this guy isn’t planning to take off with our bags. After all, basically everything I have to my name is in those bags now. Both of the women noticed the man grab our bags but instead of showing concern they begin shuffling us towards the front door. I feel like we are in a slow motion pursuit. The man has already made it outside with our bags in tow. Once outside, I open my mouth to yell at him to see what the heck his problem was but immediately close it. I watch in awe as the man who originally grabbed our bags is now placing them in the trunk of a jet-black stretch limo. He soon comes around and quickly opens the back door for us. I look to my dad and he does a little eyebrow wag, which I guess means get in. Once we are seated the man closes the door. The two women are left standing at the curb waving their hands goodbye. I guess I can assume at this point that they aren’t riding with us.
I take a second to look around. I’ve never been in a limo before. The inside of the limo is awesome! We are surrounded by fiber optic lighting, which sets off a peaceful ambiance to the cab. Above a stylish wet bar is a flat screen TV. There’s a small fridge with a glass door under the bar. I look in and see several different soda brands and waters. There are also bottles of champagne in the door. I pull one out jokingly but my dad shakes his head giving me a ‘yeah right’ kind of look.
I notice the driver is the same man from the airport that took our bags. The window at the front of the cab is up. Like in movies, there is probably a switch somewhere in here that will raise and lower that window, allowing us to speak with the driver, if he speaks at all. I mean, he hasn’t said a single word to us. It’s actually kind of creepy when I think about it, he just grabbed our bags without a single word to let us know what he was doing and we were expected to just follow him blindly. I decide it’s safer to just keep the window up for now. 
Sliding around the seats towards the wet bar I grab a coke out of the fridge and pop the top. It’s ice cold and extremely refreshing.
Looking to my dad who again has his laptop open, I ask him, “So, how far do we have to travel?”
He shrugs his shoulders. So much for Mr. Talkative. I’m just going to assume he doesn’t know. Settling for just stretching out across the long row of seats, I drink my soda in silence.
I barely notice the hour that passes as I stare out my window admiring the majestic landscape. The lush, thick green countryside is so utterly different than Texas’s parched plants and short trees. Hawaii is not at all like I had pictured in my head. I imagined flat land with palm trees and beaches surrounded by ocean for as far as the eye can see. I didn’t expect to see such intimidating mountains jutting up from the ground and flowing rivers surrounded by thick rainforests. The beauty of this island is simply breathtaking. 
Eventually the land starts to flatten out and the Pacific Ocean comes into view. The churning waves are crashing hard onto the beach but surfers don’t seem afraid as they skillfully take them on. A few minutes later, the limo turns off the main road and into a small residential area. I count seven massive mansions dotting the beach. Wow, these houses look like they come straight from an MTV Cribs episode. I feel a hint of disappointment when we turn right and pass the last mansion on the street since it’s obvious that none of those will be our new home. We continue to follow a windy road that runs parallel to the beach for half a mile until we end at a circular driveway in front of a tropical hideaway that puts some of the other homes we just passed to shame. 
This luxurious house, or maybe they call it an estate, is as massive as it is beautiful. It looks like a house of glass with panoramic windows that wrap around the entire front of the house showing off a stunning atrium. There’s a lanai off to the side next to the beach that has the most pristine views of the ocean. As the limo parks I turn and see that my dad has the same expression of admiration and wonder on his face, that I’m sure mirrors mine.
A few seconds later, our driver silently opens the limo door. My dad exits first, as I attempt to scoot around the seats towards the door. The limo driver extends his tattooed arm towards me in a gesture to help me out of the cab. I accept it gratefully. Even though I feel a bit classy in a limo I realize that there is just not a way to gracefully get out of it on my own.
I stand in front of this home next to my dad while the limo driver gathers our bags; it all seems so surreal. I wonder if this is where we are staying. I don’t think I’ve ever been in a home this grand. 
I look to the driver and risk asking, “Is this where we will be staying?” He just nods his head without a word. Wow, I guess he must have missed his calling for silent films. I turn and look at my dad giving him a ‘what the heck is up with this silent dude’ look. He just laughs and heads towards the door.
I start feeling a little nervous. I mean, this is going to be our new home. I have a distinct feeling that my life is going to be a whole lot different than I could ever have imagined. I take a second to steady my nerves and draw in a deep breath allowing the smell of salt water mixed with lush plants and tropical flowers to filter through my senses. I follow my dad up a small flight of stairs onto the porch, just as the door opens. 
Another Hawaiian man dressed in linen slacks and a Hawaiian shirt greets us, “Aloha! You must be the Townsends. I’m John, the Kealoha’s personal assistant. The Kealoha’s are very grateful to have you here. They should be here later tonight to introduce themselves to you. This is the house you will be staying in. The Kealoha’s stay in a home that is closer to Mr. Kealoha’s office so you and Emma will have this house all to yourselves. While we are waiting for them I will show you to your rooms so you may get settled.”
The interior of the house looks like it comes straight out of a design magazine. The color scheme throughout is mostly made up of java brown and moonstone blue hues giving it a tropical oasis meets modern sheik look. The bamboo hardwood floors allot a tranquil feel almost like that of a spa. The walls are decorated with black and white canvas portraits of natural landscapes. Whoever designed this home really went all out. I do find it odd though that nothing in particular says anything about who the tenants of the home are. There are no pictures of family or knickknacks lying about. I wonder if the Kealoha’s live here full time or if they have another home and perhaps this is just a beach house? 
John points out a few of the homes’ amenities as we are walking to our rooms which include: a media room, indoor hot tub and a fitness center with an indoor trampoline built into the ground. I wonder to myself if the Kealoha’s have any children. I know as a kid I would have loved an indoor trampoline. 
We reach my room first. John opens the door and I have to quiet the squeal of delight that threatens to pass through my lips. My room, part of the atrium, is decked out with floor to ceiling windows. There’s a dream worthy canopy bed draped with shimmery tulle and violet plush bedding. The walls are painted a light lilac color, which complements the view of the ocean right outside my windows. On the far end of the room there’s a settee lining yet another window overlooking the beach. Directly next to it is a set of French-doors leading out to my very own patio. 
My Dad comes up to me and comically closes my mouth. I hadn’t noticed that it was hanging wide open this whole time. I’m sure a little drool may have even escaped. I feel like I need to be pinched, this place is so perfect it’s unreal. 
My dad says, “They asked me what your favorite color was. I guess they went all out to try and make you feel comfortable.”
Wow, they certainly accomplished that! I wonder why they would go through such efforts. Well, whatever the reason is, this is awesome!
I’m pulled from my gaze of awe when the limo driver enters the room and places my luggage at the foot of my bed. “Aloha,” he says with a nod before turning to go. Wow! He speaks! I barely contain a giggle when I reply, “Mahalo.” 
John clears his throat and says, “Why don’t you get settled while I show your dad to his room.”
“Emma,” my dad calls from the door before he leaves, “the Kealoha family will be here in a little while. Make sure you get washed up and presentable before they arrive.” 
I nod my head in response, still taking in the picturesque view from my window. I’m sure my dad wants us to make a good impression. I look down at what I’m wearing; I’m guessing my T-shirt and jeans combo is not first impression material. I get a little nervous about meeting the Kealoha’s. They are obviously extremely rich and I’m not used to being around those kinds of people. I’m really just a down home country kind of girl. I try to recall the social manners lesson Kaylee and I took last year during Home EC. I really hope we don’t have to eat any fancy meals together, I never can remember the rule on which forks to use.
Once I’m alone in my room I notice another door next to my bed. I venture over and open it. My dad isn’t here to close my mouth this time when I look inside to see a grand bathroom that is easily bigger than my room back home. It’s outfitted with marble floors and a jetted garden tub with a window above it looking out towards the gardens. There’s also a walk in shower and a double vanity sink littered with a ton of new toiletries including a full assortment of Bath and Body Works products that smell of Hawaiian Coconut. I spray a little of the body mist into the air in front of me. It’s a fitting scent for a tropical paradise. 
At the far end of the bathroom is yet another door. I open this one and find a giant walk in closet. It’s fitted with organizational drawers and shoe shelves. There’s a cute beach bag on one of the shelves with a card attached to it that has my name on it. I open it finding a welcome home card signed by the Kealoha’s. 
Wow, I think to myself. This is a bit outrageous. My dad is only doing a documentary for them. Why are they going so far out of their way to welcome us? I mean, I’m not complaining because this set up is truly princess worthy, but it sure isn’t the type of greeting I had expected.  
I look down at my watch to find that a half hour has already passed. I better start getting ready. I go back into my room, grab my suitcase, and throw it on my bed. I open it and start rummaging through my stuff trying to find something presentable. I come across an ivory linen summer dress with a floral pattern on it. It’s the dress that Kaylee gave me at my going away party. She said she bought the same one for herself and made the joke that since I was moving away we wouldn’t have to worry about accidentally dressing like identical twins if we both wear it on the same day. We had made that mistake before at school, and never lived it down.
A twinge of sadness hits my chest as I think of Kaylee. I already miss her and a full day hasn’t even passed. I pull out my IPhone and send her a text, “OMG Kaylee, u will never believe this place! Actually, let me take a pic real quick for u.” I hit send and then switch my phone to the camera app. I take a picture of my room and the view from my windows then hit the send button. 
A minute later she texts back, “What?!?! That’s amazing! I’m so Jealous!!!” She sends another text a second after that one, “I miss my BFI already! Let’s plan a Skype date. How bout’ 2morrow night?” 
I text back, “It’s a date! I’ll Skype you at 7pm Texas time.” I calculate the time difference and text her once more, “That’s 3pm Hawaiian time.”
“Looking forward to it!” She replies back. 
“Ten minutes Emma,” my dad yells from the hall. I put my phone away and run to the bathroom to put on my new dress then touch up my makeup. 
I head out my bedroom door and make my way back through the labyrinth-like house to meet my dad in the Foyer. I’m surprised I didn’t get lost; a place this big should come with a map for new arrivals.
When I get there my dad is already speaking with a Hawaiian couple. I take an educated guess that this is the Kealoha family. This husband and wife duo has wealthy dripping all over them. Mrs. Kealoha has straight jet-black hair pulled back at the nape of her neck. She looks like she stacked on as many diamonds as she could; they are literally dripping off every limb of her body. She’s wearing a tailored navy blue knee length Ann Taylor dress matched with Louis Vuitton pumps. Her husband is standing straight-backed next to her in a double-breasted pin striped business suit. He’s much taller than his wife and has an air of supremacy emanating from him. 
I notice something quite interesting about the two of them, other than the way they dress. Both of them have that empty look about them; kind of like my dad. The look that tells you they have been through something difficult that is still fresh in their hearts. I have seen that look too many times before, and the knowing of it pains me. I don’t have too long to ponder on it since I can tell that they’ve noticed that I entered the room. 
All three of them turn to me. My dad reaches his hand out and introduces me. “This is my daughter Emma whom I told you about.” 
The wife smiles at me lovingly, “Oh Emma, it’s so wonderful to finally meet you. You’re father has said so many great things about you.” She has a soft voice that hints of an easy life. 
I was about to hold my hand in greeting but instead she wraps me in a giant hug, clutching me against all her jewelry. She squeezes me a little too tightly, but I do my best to not allow the awkwardness to show. 
I then turn to Mr. Kealoha, while trying to get my blood flowing again, who thankfully opts for a handshake instead.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you all. I have to say, this house is simply breathtaking! Thank you so much for letting us stay here.” I smile at them trying to insinuate how much I really do love it while at the same time trying not to overdo it. 
“Why, it’s no problem at all. We are happy to have you and your father in our home. From the recommendations we received, we can see that your father is a wonderful and talented man. You both deserve nothing less.” Mr. Kealoha says stating the last part with finality in his voice.
My dad blushes a little and looks away modestly for a second. “I agree, he is a wonderful and talented man,” I say. “However, I can be a little bias.” I say with a smile.
My father grins like the Cheshire cat. I am guessing that my introduction exceeded his expectations “Emma, would you mind excusing us. We have some business to discuss.”
 “Sure dad, I have some unpacking to do anyway.” I turn to the Kealoha’s and say, “Aloha.” 
They reply in unison “Aloha.” Mrs. Kealoha adds, “It was a pleasure to meet you Emma. Please feel free to let us, or any of our staff know if you need anything at all.” 
I nod with a smile and turn on my heels, heading back to my room. When I turn the corner to head down the hallway I see my dad and the Kealoha’s close a sliding door to a room that is off the foyer. Whatever they need to discuss must be private enough for them to need to close themselves off even though the house seemed almost deserted. 
About a half hour later I see from one of my many bedroom windows, Mr. and Mrs. Kealoha getting into their limo and driving off. I was about to go and check on my dad when something caught my eye. From the window outside, I notice a smaller house next to us, slightly hidden by the palm trees. I hadn’t noticed it before, but you could see it just enough to know it was there. I edge closer to the window to get a better look. It seems about half the size of our house, but still very nice. I wonder who lives there, I think to myself. Well, I know there’s plenty of time, so I stick a mental pin in it for later. 
I yawn and stretch my arms up over my head rocking back and forth, trying to get the kinks out of my body from our long, extended flights. I look at my luggage and decide that unpacking can wait till later. For now I’m taking a quick nap. I guess jet lag must be starting to set in. I head over to my bed, pull down the covers and slide in. I realize a second later that I’m still in my dress, but oh well; I’m too exhausted to change. In addition, this bed is ridiculously comfy. I quickly drift off into a dreamless sleep.



 CHAPTER 6 (NEW FRIENDS)

When I awoke the sun was beginning to set and twilight had already kicked in. Sitting up, I hear a knock at my door. 
 “Hey sleepy head,” my dad calls as he opens my door and peaks in. 
“Hey dad, sorry I slept so long.”  I rub my eyes as he comes into focus. “I must have been really tired.” I say while stretching my arms up overhead.
“Well, I hope you’re not too tired for dinner!” Dad says.
“Of course not!” I say. “What did you end up cooking?” 
“I didn’t cook anything honey, but the caretaker made something Hawaiian that smells amazing!” 
I must have missed something between the time I went to sleep and the time I woke up. “I didn’t know we had a caretaker,” I say while wiping the sleep from my eyes. 
“Neither did I, but I guess that’s one less thing we have to worry about. The caretaker’s name is Alani and she will be taking care of the cooking and cleaning and anything else we might need. The Kealoha’s introduced me to her before they left.”
“Wow, seriously dad? I feel like I left poor and arrived rich. This all seems so unreal. Are you holding out on me? Why are they giving us such royal treatment...?” I raise my eyebrow in a joking manner and say, “Dad, you didn’t join the Hawaiian Mafia did you?” 
My dad chuckles and gives me the same expression he always does when I speak way too fast. “Sorry honey, you aren’t a Mafia princess...yet.” He says jokingly. “I doubt Hawaii even has a Mafia. Anyhow, the Kealoha’s are truly going way out of their way to be hospitable. I don’t think I’ve ever been treated like this on a job. Of course, I’m normally not hired by rich people.”
“Well, dad, you have my permission to go into the employment of the wealthy anytime. Hmm, I wonder if Donald Trump has any ghosts or goblins haunting his pad?” 
“Ha! Well, thank you for your permission honey. By the way, I’m just as amazed by this set up as you are. When I saw all the new camera and recording equipment in my room I seriously felt like I needed to pinch myself to see if I was dreaming.” 
“Well, stop doing that; I’m perfectly fine with it staying like this,” I laughed. “If it’s a dream, I’ll stay asleep for a while longer.”
My dad holds his hand out to me and helps me off my bed. I straighten my dress by smoothing out the wrinkles as we head off to the kitchen, which I might add is equally as impressive as the rest of the house. It too has a modern feel with dark cherry cabinetry and stainless steel appliances. An island made of black granite is centered in the middle with a pot rack placed above it holding numerous copper pots and pans of different sizes. The industrial size fridge looks to be teenager worthy and upon seeing it my stomach growls a bit reminding me that I haven’t eaten since the plane ride. A large ebony table surrounded by six padded chairs is strategically placed next to the sliding glass door which overlooks a beautiful walkway that I’m assuming must lead down to the beach. 
I hear a door shut in another room and a few moments later a pleasantly plump Hawaiian woman who is a few inches shorter than me enters the kitchen holding three ripe tomatoes in her hand. Her black hair is streaked with grey and pulled back into a tight bun. She’s wearing a Hawaiian dress that reaches down to her feet and has a red apron draped over it. She has that sweet motherly ‘I’ll-bake-you-cookies’ look about her. When she spots us a warm smile spreads across her face. Instantly I can tell that I’m going to like this lady. She sets the tomatoes on the counter, wipes her hands across her apron and heads towards us.
“Hello Alani,” my dad says with a smile. I guess her smile is contagious which is great because my dad doesn’t smile quite enough. 
“Hi Alex!” Then she turns her sights on me and says, “and you must be Emma!” She doesn’t wait for me to confirm, she just greets me with a long hug. She smells kind of like lavender, which reminds me of my mom. 
Pulling away as if to survey me, Alani puts her hands together and says, “Oh Alex, you have such a precious daughter! Although, we need to put some meat on these bones!” Alani smiles at me and puts her hands on my cheeks. “Just beautiful,” Alani gleams. 
I feel the heat rise to my cheeks. “Thank you,” I reply. “It’s very nice to meet you Alani. Thank you for making us dinner.” I have known her for less than five minutes and already I feel like she’s family. Her welcoming personality makes her one of those people that you can instantly love.
She smiles and says, “You are very welcome young lady.” She heads back towards the stove to stir some type of sauce that is bubbling in a large copper pot. 
Just then the back patio door slides open. My breath hitches a little when I see a young man about eighteen or nineteen years old enter the house. His muscles are straining as he carries a large basket of fruits to the kitchen island. He’s about a full head taller than me with rich chestnut brown hair that looks all messy yet right at the same time. His skin is the perfect tone of caramel showing off his love affair with the sun. Along with blue board shorts he’s wearing a white t-shirt that says, ‘Man Over Board,’ with a little stick figure on top of a surfboard. He puts his hand on Alani’s shoulder and she looks at him affectionately then nods in our direction. When he turns around our eyes meet and we lock onto each other for a few seconds. His eyes are an unbelievably gorgeous color of aquamarine. The light seems to hit them just so to make them sparkle perfectly. Wow, he’s so GQ I think to myself. I realize that I’m staring so I look down quickly and blush. 
When I look back up he adverts his eyes as well and I think I see a hint of crimson under those tanned cheeks. 
Alani notices the exchange. She smiles and says, “Tristan, this is Emma. She is Alex’s daughter.” 
Tristan crosses the kitchen towards us. “Hi Emma, it’s nice to meet you.” He smiles showing off a set of perfect, dazzling white teeth. 
“It’s nice to meet you too,” I reply.
He turns towards my dad and says, “Mr. Townsend, it’s good to see you again as well.” 
My dad smiles at him and says jokingly, “Yes, long time no see.” I guess he must have met my dad earlier while I was sleeping. It might have been nice of my dad to warn me that there was a boy in the house. I could have put some lip-gloss on or something. 
A short awkward silence fills the room. Alani clears her throat and says, “Tristan, why don’t you take sweet Emma and show her the beach while I get these fruits sliced up for dinner. Don’t be long though, we’ll be eating soon.” 
Tristan looks at me, “Is that all right with you?” 
“Sure, let me just get my sandals.” I say.
The corner of Tristan’s mouth rose showing two dimples with his smile, “Shoes aren’t really necessary. The beach is much nicer when the sand is between your toes.” 
I think I hear my dad groan. “Oh, okay,” I say feeling the heat in my cheeks. 
Tristan walks towards the door and holds it open for me. What a gentleman I think to myself. He led me down a cobblestone path towards the sound of the waves. Twilight had overtaken the night dancing soft light from cloud to cloud. I could hear the waves crashing softly against the shore and the cool night breeze blowing through my hair smelled wonderful. 
Tristan decides to break the silence once we reach the waters edge. “So, my mom didn’t tell me Alex had a daughter.” 
“Oh. Sorry to surprise you.” I say and look down. I wonder if he thinks it’s a good surprise or ‘a whatever’ surprise. I suddenly get self-conscious. Which is totally goofy, I shouldn’t be flustered by anyone, but he’s so darn hot I can’t help myself.
“No, I didn’t mean it like it was a bad thing. I mean, it’s a good thing. I just didn’t know....” Tristan rambles.
I look at him and raise my eyebrows. I guess I’m not the only one who’s getting a little ruffled which makes me feel a tad better.
He adds, “Sorry, It’s been a long day and I’m just rambling.” He blushes and looks out towards the waves.
I nod, “I understand; I took a nap earlier and I still feel a bit out of it. You know if you would like, we could just go back in. You don’t have to feel obligated to show me around.”
“No, fresh air is exactly what I need to wake me up a little. In addition, I’m looking forward to getting to know you Emma. After all, it isn’t often that we get visitors on this side of the island.” 
I wonder why not; it’s gorgeous out here. “OK, well, thanks. I am looking forward to getting to know you as well. I’m glad that there is someone close to my age around here.”
“How old are you?” Tristan asks.
“I’m about to turn eighteen in June.” I reply.
“Oh, are you going to go to Kapaa High School?” Tristan asks.
“You know I originally thought about it but my dad and I agreed that home school might be best. I’m only a few month’s from graduation and I don’t really feel like picking up and starting at a whole new high school. We picked out an online home school program where I can work at my own pace. The instructor who reviewed my transcript and entrance test thinks that I can probably be finished and have my diploma within a month.” 
“That’s cool. I didn’t know you could home school online. Well, if you need any help with any of your studies, just let me know. I’m really good at math.” Tristan states.
“Thanks, I might just take you up on that.” We stopped walking and I smiled up at him. I guess if he’s offering to help me study, that must mean that he wants to spend more time with me. Or, maybe he’s just trying to be nice. Either way it doesn’t matter I tell myself, he’s just a boy, a really good-looking boy. I look away and we both start walking again further down the beach. 
The sand feels amazing beneath my feet. It’s exfoliating my skin like a salt scrub during a pedicure. I take in the scenery around me. Off in the distance is a lush, tropical rainforest shrouded in darkness except for a few brief flashes of flickering light. I try to strain my eyes to find the light source when at the same time a few more flashes of light appear amongst the trees. Odd, I think to myself. I look to Tristan for an exclamation, but he didn’t seem to notice it. I begin to ask him what it was, but think better of it. It’s probably just some adventurous travelers. I shiver a little. I sure wouldn’t want to venture into the unknown forest when it’s nearly dark. 
Tristan matches my pace step for step as we continue walking along the beach, listening to the waves crash against the shore while the sand runs between my toes. I jump back and squelch a yelp as a crab runs over my foot. Tristan grabs hold of my shoulders trying to stabilize me. I stomp my feet up and down making sure there are no more crabs coming to eat me. Tristan begins laughing at my ridiculous show. Slightly frustrated he finds this amusing; I kick the water up from my foot, which lands directly on Tristan’s front. 
“Hey,” Tristan playfully yells. 
I try and suppress a smile attempting to put on my most serious face, but it’s not working…Man, I would suck at poker! I’m unable to contain my laughter as Tristan chases me up along the beach, both of us splashing water at the other. In that moment I feel like a small child, gleefully playing on the beach with not a care in the world. I forget about leaving everything I’ve ever known, I forget about missing Kaylee, and best of all, I forget about the crabs that run along the beach. By the time our energy begins to fizzle we are both drenched from head to toe in a mixture of water and sand. We both laugh at the ragged appearance of the other. 
Seeing that the risk for possibly getting even more waterlogged is nonexistent, I plop onto the sand and lay down on my back looking up at the stars. Tristan relaxes as well and joins me, putting his hands under his head.
“I never knew there were so many stars in the sky,” I say. “There’s something about seeing the vast number of them all at once that makes me feel meek and small.” 
Tristan ponders this for a moment before he lets in, “Yeah, I know what you mean. I don’t think there’s anything more humbling than the thought of just how small the universe really makes you feel.” 
We lay like this for a few minutes more just gazing at the twinkling star-show that surrounds us. I watch Tristan’s hand as he points a few of the constellations out. 
I remember going to the planetarium back in Texas and watching a show all about the stars. The instructor would point out the major constellations and how to find them in the sky at night. Kaylee and I rushed home that evening and drug our sleeping bags out to the backyard feeling like we were experts in astronomy. It seemed like every cloud in the entire world came that night to rain on our parade. We tried for many nights to get a good view, but none ever came. The sky in the city just can’t compare to the sky before me now.
“So,” Tristan says breaking the silence. “Do you like to surf?” I listen for the playful badgering in his voice but find none. I laugh not believing he’s serious asking a girl from Texas if she likes to surf. 
“What?” Tristan playfully questions. 
“No, I can’t say that I do…well, honestly, I’ve never tried. The most ‘surfing’ I’ve ever done is boogie boarding along the murky costal waters of the Gulf of Mexico. And, I have to add that those waves are miniscule compared to the ginormous waves I’ve seen here.”  
Even after my explanation Tristan inhales dramatically in theatrical disbelief, “You’ve never surfed before?” 
I shake my head no, shrugging my shoulders. 
“Well, that’s it then. I’m going to have to take you out and show you how. After all, these waves are some of the best waves in the world. Not too many people have ever gotten the opportunity to surf these beauties.” 
I instinctively grit my teeth. I’m not the most coordinated person, and for Tristan to believe I can surf is preposterous but then again he barely knows me. I bite my lip trying to come up with an easy let down as to not disappoint him. Still searching for the perfect excuse, Tristan interrupts my though processes, “Emma, I wont take no for an answer. You have to try it, even if it’s just once. If you’re not busy, maybe you can come with me tomorrow morning. I’ll walk you through the entire process before we even get in the water. You’ll probably be surfing like a pro before the day is out.” 
 If Tristan weren’t so cute it would be easier to say no. But, looking at how pleading his face is I find it difficult to stand my ground. I take a deep breath and finally agree, “Okay, fine. I’ll do it. But you have to promise not to laugh!” 
Tristan purses his lips together for a moment before he agrees, “Okay, no laughing. Scouts honor.” He puts three fingers in the air. 
I smile at his gesture; it’s boyish, but sweet. Shaking my head a little, I can’t believe he actually convinced me to make a fool of myself. It truly is a recipe for disaster. I offer up a quick silent prayer that I don’t embarrass myself too much tomorrow, or better yet that I don’t get hurt. 
Looking at his watch, Tristan gets up and offers his hand to help me up as well. As we head back to the house I try to wipe the sand from my clothes, but it’s of no use. Once we get back to the house Tristan and I part ways to take a quick shower before dinner. 
Clean and hungry, we take our places at the kitchen table to dig into the amazing Hawaiian feast that Alani has cooked up for us. I look around at all the amazing dishes she has prepared; it seems like all the colors of the rainbow are represented. I do my best not to pig out too much, after all Tristan’s at the table and I really don’t want to embarrass myself. The food is amazing so it takes a whole lot of restraint to hold back from chowing down like a starved puppy. At the end of our meal I sit back, feeling satisfied and think to myself, a girl can really get used to this.



 CHAPTER 7 (SURF'S UP)

Morning comes before it should splashing light throughout the room. Covering my face I was about to ask God for a few more minutes…then I remembered my plans with Tristan this morning and I quickly jump out of bed. 
Giggling with anticipation I start wondering why I am so giddy. I just saw him last night, yet I can’t wait to see him again. 
I sort through my suitcase trying to find my cutest bathing suit. It is a two-piece forest green number that has little ties on the sides of the bottom. Kaylee always wanted to borrow it when we went to the pool because of the bling on it. It has a clasp in the middle of the top that holds two large rhinestones. I look out my bathroom window and survey the lush palm trees dotting the beach. The color of my bathing suit literally matches their leaves. Well, I guess if I embarrass myself at least I will still look cute doing it. 
An hour later I’ve put my hair up in a ponytail, meticulously put on some waterproof mascara, shaved my legs and wiggled into my bathing suit. I search through my suitcase again to find my sunglasses and cover up dress then I’m ready to go. 
I run down the hall into the kitchen, grab a muffin and down it with a glass of OJ. Wow, Alani really can bake; these muffins are delicious!
After I finish my breakfast a thought pops into my head. I just realized that Tristan never said what time we were going surfing, just that we were going this morning. I shake my head disbelieving the idiocy of myself not asking that one small question. Oh well, I guess I will just wait till he shows up.
To pass the time I decide to take a short walk along the beach and maybe capture some Hawaiian air for my collection. I stop by my room to pick up a small glass jar and wax sealed lid. As I step outside I close my eyes and breathe in the fresh Hawaiian breeze. I test myself by trying to pick out some of the different scents that tantalize my senses. Mango, coconut, plumeria and salt water I list off. It smells just like a perfume I tried on once called Hawaiian Song. 
A few seconds later I open my eyes and start traveling carefully down the cobblestone path that Tristan and I took last night. At the bottom I hop onto the cool morning sand. It feels soft and cold between my toes. 
I look out onto the ocean. The surf washes up to the beach bringing with it an elegant morning air. I pull out my glass jar and hold it in front of me sideways allowing the cool breeze to blow into the bottle. Ceremoniously I take a deep breath trying to mentally record the scent then I put the lid on the jar. Now I can add Hawaii to my air collection. 
I’ve been asked before whether I have ever opened one of my jars of air and smelled it. I honestly have never tried. I’m not even sure if I would be able to smell anything if I did open it. Instead my collection is more like recording memories with a visual image. When I look at this jar that I will label “Kauai, Hawaii,” I will remember the tropical flowers and fruits mixed with the salty ocean breeze. When I look at any of my jars I can conjure up the memory of the scents of the land where I took the air. 
With my sealed bottle in tow, I start hunting for seashells, but mostly I’m looking for that coveted rare sharks’ tooth which can sometimes be found along a shoreline. If I find one I’m going to give it to my dad. Every time we would go to the beach he always had his head down looking for a tooth. He would tell me the same story each time we visited the ocean. 
On the first night of my parents honeymoon they were taking a sunset stroll on the beach in Cozumel when my mom stepped on a sharks tooth slicing open her foot. My dad had to pick her up to carry her back to the hotel so she didn’t get any sand in the wound. When they got to the hotel he told the concierge what happened when asking for a first aid kit. The concierge told him how rare it is to find a sharks tooth on a public beach. After my dad bandaged up my mom’s foot and took her to their room, he went back to the beach and retrieved the sharks tooth. He cleaned it up and brought it back to my mom as a gift. I still remember the line that he said to her. “Our love is rarer than this sharks tooth.” It was so cheesy, yet so amicably sweet. My mom glued the sharks tooth on the front page of their wedding album to remind them of their rare gift. 
I feel a little tug in my heart when I think about the photo album along with all of our other memories and belongings that are gathering dust in a storage room back in Texas. Pushing the thought away, I maintain the mindset that I’m not going to be homesick. After all, I’ve only been away from home less than forty-eight hours. 
While I don’t find any sharks teeth this morning, I did pick up several interesting shells. I use the front of my cover up as a sort of makeshift basket for the treasures I found today. Once I’ve gathered up everything I start heading back since I don’t want to miss Tristan when he arrives. 
I place the seashells and the jar of Hawaiian air on the top of my dresser in my room. As I’m admiring each shell’s uniqueness I hear a knock on my patio door. I jump back in surprise when I see Tristan standing there. 
If I thought he looked handsome yesterday, I was wrong. Today, he looks gorgeous in that beach bum sort of way. He has his shirt off and lime green surf shorts on. I take a second to notice his lean muscles running the length of his chest. 
Tristan raises his hand in a small wave. Heat flushes to my cheeks as I realize I’m staring yet again. I head over to slide open the door. 
“Hey Emma, you look like you’re all ready!” Tristan gave me that million-dollar smile of his. 
I smile and say, “Yep!” 
Tristan gestures with his head towards the door. I grab my new beach bag, which has my towel and sunscreen then follow his lead out the door. He picks up his surfboard off my patio and leads me down the path towards the beach. Once we hike about a quarter of a mile up the beach I notice a second surfboard in the sand. “Is this one for me,” I asked? 
“Yep, that’s my old board. My mom got me this new one when I turned nineteen this year.” Tristan replies.
So he’s nineteen… I guessed right. I turn towards the surfboard that is allotted to me and respond with a simple, “Thanks.” 
During the first part of the morning Tristan had me practice on land with the board. He showed me the basics from paddling to how to stand when you catch a wave. I crack a joke about already having the balancing part down since I’m great at standing on top of the board while it’s perched in the sand. Tristan cracks a small laugh and shakes his head as he continues on with his instructions. 
Each time he showed me a new tip I would just smile and nod. After all it all seemed good in theory, but I was still very hesitant at trying it in real life. 
“So you think you’ve got it down? If you’re still unsure, I could show you if you want.” Tristan smiles at me reassuringly. 
“Yeah, that might be good. I think I will do better if I see you in action hitting the waves. They look pretty intimidating from here. I can only imagine what they will look like up close.” I look out onto the Pacific to see it furiously churning wave after intimidating wave. 
“No problem. Just watch what I do and you’ll be surfing in no time.”
I watch Tristan paddle out about a hundred yards away from where I’m sitting. He does a big goofy wave to make sure he has my attention and then he goes to work. I see him paddle until he finds just the right wave, and, as if by magic, he rises up on his board and begins surfing the wave with precision and grace…all of which I know I lack. Tristan shows off by flipping on his board and doing all kinds of things I’ve only seen on TV. 
After twenty or so minutes of flawless surfing Tristan paddles back to shore. Water gleams off his skin making him look like a male swimsuit model. As he walks up to me he shakes the water out of his hair. I wonder if he knows just how cute he is.
“You were amazing,” I mused. “I’ve never seen anything like it. You make it all look so easy.” I would be content to just watch Tristan surf for hours; he makes it look so effortless and his passion for the sport really shines through. 
“Aw, it is easy Emma, you just got to get the hang of it first. You’ll be surfing like me in no time.”
Sure, easy for him to say. Coordination and I do not agree most of the time. I don’t see myself taking to it all that easily.
“To be honest with you Tristan, I think I’m more of an observer than an actual surfer. I probably belong more on the sidelines than being dangled out in front of sharks.”
Tristan smiles his wide toothy grin and holds out his hand to me. I take it and he pulls me up to my feet. My hand feels good in his, safe. After a few seconds of standing I realize that I’m still holding his hand. I blush and pull my hand awkwardly away. 
If my lingering too long was awkward to Tristan at all, he didn’t let on. He just continues urging me; “Come on Emma, you just got to try it at least once. You can’t judge it without trying!”
Tristan really seems sure of himself and his confidence gives me a bit of a boost. After all he’s really good at selling the idea that I’m going to do well surfing. He could probably sell sand in the desert with a smile like his. I take a deep breath, let it out noisily and say, “Okay, but if I don’t like it, then from now on I just get to watch, K?” 
“No problem Emma. I’m sure you are going to love it.” Tristan beams back at me.
I let Tristan lead the way into the water. I follow him hesitantly paddling out further from the shore. He gestures for me to fasten the cord from the board to my ankle. He does the same. Then it’s on. We begin our quest for ‘the perfect wave.’ 
“Emma, you see that swell? Try to catch it as it approaches this way. It should break just in time.” 
I look to where Tristan is pointing and give him the ‘A-Okay’ sign trying to feign a bit of confidence. As I paddle alone towards the wave I feel like I’m headed towards impending doom. I send up another quick prayer that I don’t make a fool of myself or worse, hurt myself. 
As I near the wave it begins to swell up larger than I anticipated. The adrenaline kicks in. Everything Tristan taught me plays in my mind as I focus on the wave. I begin paddling hard towards the shore and right as the wave is about to break I mount my board. I get half way up feeling a swell of pride. A second later the board beneath me begins to shake. Fearing the worse, my legs come out from under me and I crash brutally into the wave that throws my legs up over my head taking my board along with it. I get taken under for a few seconds. Salt water fills my nostrils and my mouth. Once I find which way is up I start kicking my legs hard towards the surface. I break the top of the water and take a giant greedy breath coughing and spewing the saltwater from my stinging lungs. 
Whew! I survived. I grab a hold of my board that is still attached to my ankle and use it as a floatation device. That’s when it came to me. Something was desperately wrong... I reach down beneath the water and feel around my waste confirming what I was dreading. My swimsuit bottoms are missing! I begin frantically looking all around me trying to see if they’ve surfaced. I don’t spot them and I’m mortified! To make matters worse Tristan is swimming towards me! I rack my brain to figure out what to do and decide to awkwardly cover myself with the board.  
“Wow Emma, I wasn’t expecting the wave to swell that much. I’m so sorry. Are you okay?” Tristan’s is nearing me. 
“I’m fine, just stop where you are!” I yell. I’m sure if I had a mirror to view myself I would be able to confirm that my face is redder than a tomato. 
A look of utter confusion flashes across Tristan’s face as he stops mid paddle. 
“I have a big problem.” I stammer. “I’m so embarrassed!” I don’t have to say too much more because a flash of knowing flashes across Tristan’s face. Maybe it’s the way I’m holding the board out in front of me that tipped him off. I’m sure it looks rather unnatural. 
Tristan makes a quarter turn away from me and begins, “You know Emma, you aren’t the first one to have a…” He sounds lost in thought, “Wardrobe malfunction if you will.” 
If it’s even possible my face turns an even darker shade of crimson. “Tristan, this is horrifying. I don’t even think the greatest writer in history could find words for how I feel right now. I’m not even sure what to do…” My voice begins rising, pleading with him to help me. I can feel tears of embarrassment rimming my eyes. It’s like that moment in a dream where you realize that you left the house totally naked and you freak out! Only this isn’t a dream, and I really am basically wearing a partial birthday suit from the waist down. 
“Emma, you aren’t the first person this has happened to and you won’t be the last. Here’s what we’re going to do. You’re going to stay put while I swim to shore, get your towel, and bring it back to you.” Tristan adds with a short laugh, “And don’t worry, I promise not to look.” 
Tristan began his paddle back to shore while I helplessly bob in the water. This is so mortifying! This wouldn’t be so bad if I were swimming in the murky Gulf of Mexico back in Texas, but here the water is so crystal blue you can nearly see the ocean floor. 
Tristan could have taken advantage of the situation and stole a glance if he had wanted to. I’m grateful that he didn’t. I take a mental note of just how much I am beginning to like him.
I watch Tristan scramble up the shore, snatch up my towel and head back in my direction. He is all business…it’s a little comical to see him with a towel going into the water instead of out. It quickly becomes drenched which makes him look like Linus on those Peanuts cartoons, dragging his blanket around. 
Tristan gets about twenty yards from me and begins to back paddle with his head facing the shoreline. “Tell me when I get close and I’ll toss the towel back,” Tristan exclaims. 
I wait until he’s only two feet away and say, “Okay, you can hand me the towel now.” He hands it to me behind his back. I push the soaked towel under water and awkwardly wrap it around my waist. I have to hold on to the board with one hand to stay afloat and use the other hand to keep the towel from floating up in the water. I’m not complaining though, it’s certainly better than nothing. “Okay, I’m decent.” I tell Tristan.
He slowly turns back towards me. He tells me to scoot further down on the board, which I do. He swims over to the same side of the board that I’m on and takes his spot only a few inches from me. “Hold on to the board.” Tristan tells me. He starts propelling us forward towards the shore. I feel bad that he’s doing most of the work since I’m just doing my best to stay afloat without losing the grip on my towel. Once we get close enough to shore for me to stand I let go of the board. He picks it up and starts carrying it out of the water ahead of me. I start walking to shore feeling all ten pounds of this waterlogged towel around my waist. 
“Tristan, I just want to say thanks for handling that…situation the way you did.” I look down at the ground in search of the right words. “You are really sweet.” My cheeks burn beneath my skin. I am just hoping he doesn’t notice. 
“It’s really not a problem Emma, I’m just doing what’s right.” 
I give him a smile and we slowly make the climb back to the house. Tristan is carrying both of our boards along with my beach bag. I feel bad, but it takes both of my hands to keep the heavy towel from sliding down on my waist. When we reach my patio Tristan turns towards me, “Just wait here, I’ll get you a dry towel so you can go inside.”
Tristan returns a minute later and hands me a towel. He then goes to the other end of my patio and keeps his back to me. I replace the soggy towel with the warm dry towel and breathe a sigh of relief. The nightmare is finally over and at least I’m officially semi-decent.
I tell Tristan he can turn around now. He complies and smiles at me. I can tell he is a little red as well. Maybe it’s empathy or something.
“Thanks again for being such a gentleman out there. Most teenage guys where I come from would have pulled up a chair to watch me utterly humiliate myself; or try to get a free peek. You didn’t even steel a glance! You truly are one of the last few gentlemen left in this world. I truly am grateful.”
Tristan held my sincere gaze for a moment before averting his eyes. “I couldn’t imagine doing it any other way. I know if it would have been me in that situation you would have done the same for me.” He looks back up at me and I smile. “Furthermore, I want you to know that I am a friend you can trust.”
I nod and say, “Thank you,” again. I keep saying friend repeatedly in my head. That’s what we are, friends. I tell Tristan, “Well, I’m going to go in and get washed up. I guess I’ll see you later then?”
“Oh, you’ll see plenty of me…not sure if that’s good for you or not. I live next door in that house over there,” he points to the house I noticed yesterday when we arrived. “The Kealoha family built it for my mom ten years ago when she came to work for them.” 
“That’s nice of them. Oh, and I’m sure it’s good for me too. I’m already a little homesick and it’s good to have a friend nearby.” I accentuate the word friend. 
Tristan smiles at me, “So, I guess I’ll see you at dinner, if that’s okay. My mom and I usually eat with the house guests so she can clean up afterwards.”
“Yeah, that sounds great. Thanks again Tristan for the surfing lesson. Although it didn’t turn out like I expected, I did have a great time.” I smile thoughtfully and he returns the gesture. 
“Bye,” he says as he turns and heads off my patio, back down the path towards his house.
I watch him leave and then close my patio door and lock it. I immediately pull out my phone to text Kaylee. “I just made an utter fool of myself in front of McHottie.”
A few seconds later my phone vibrates. I open Kaylee’s text message. “McHottie, who is that??? Are you holding out on me???” 
Another text comes through before I can respond: “What happened?”
I answer, “It was horrible Kaylee!!! Oh, it’s almost 2 here. Let’s Skype.” 
“Sure I will be on in five... Can’t wait to see your face! :0)” Kaylee sends.
“Me too! See you in five.:0),” I reply then head off to change into dry clothes. 
I go grab my MacBook from my backpack and turn it on. While it’s booting up I catch a glance at my beach bag sitting on my bed. Oh my gosh, duh Emma! I think to myself and lightly thump my forehead with the palm of my hand. My cover up was in my bag! I guess with the commotion of losing my bottoms I totally didn’t think of the cover up that I could have thrown on for our walk back up to the house. Oh well, I guess it’s not worth a fret now. 
A few minutes later I accept the video call from Kaylee. When I see her face fill the screen my throat starts to choke up with emotion. I can’t believe how much I miss that face.
“Hey lady.” Kaylee says and then ads, “Ooh! I totally dig that bedspread. It’s so you!”
I look down at my video shot at the bottom left hand corner of the screen “Yeah, I know right! It’s totally what I would have picked out for myself.” 
“Well, it’s awesome! Enough pleasantries; spill it lady!” Kaylee yells to me with a wide curious grin, while she inches closer to her camera. I imagine for a second that I’m sitting in her room with her and not in a room thousands of miles away. I stare at her for a second and then look behind her at the pic of Taylor Lautner from New Moon on her bedroom wall. I guess that’s another thing we didn’t have in common. She was team Jacob. I laugh to myself.
I spend the next hour telling her everything that happened and all the Tristan details. She pops a couple jokes at me and then reassures me that it probably wasn’t that bad, me losing my bottoms and all. She also threatened me and told me that if I don’t steal a pic of Tristan and send it to her soon, she wasn’t going to speak with me for at least, um, a day. I love her! I feel so much better after talking with her. I think I have enough courage now to show myself in front of Tristan tonight. After all, I don’t want to have to eat my dinners in my room for the duration of my stay. I just hope that I don’t make a fool of myself in front of him again. 



 CHAPTER 8 (ITTY BITTY BIKINI)

After talking to Kaylee and then spending an hour hanging out with my dad, I ended up taking a nap. I don’t remember having taken so many naps before. I guess moving to another state takes it out of you.
My phone alarm goes off at 6:45p.m. and I slide the action button on my IPhone to silence it. I get out of bed groggily and start looking through my bag for something to wear to dinner. I really need to fully unpack all of my things.
As I head to my bathroom to freshen up something waving in the wind on my patio grabs my attention. My eyes are still a little blurry from sleep so I can’t tell what it is. I head over to my patio to investigate. The cooling night air greets me as I open the sliding glass door. I walk over to the object that had grabbed my attention. I gasp and think to myself, “Is that what I think it is?” I pick it up and in my hands I hold my forest green bikini bottoms. “What in the world?” I slowly say out loud to myself. I look off into the distance and scan the area around my porch.
How did these get here? I figured that with the rough undertow they would have been washed out to sea. I guess they washed ashore instead. That still didn’t explain who put them here on my patio. I guess the most logical explanation would be that Tristan found them.
My cheeks start to heat when I’m reminded of my embarrassing charade this morning. I was utterly mortified! I make a mental note to thank Tristan again when I see him. 
I turn to head back inside and notice again in the distant forest the flickering light I saw last night. It looks like a fireball suspended in the air. When I strain my eyes to look closer I see two new balls of fire, each the exact distance behind the other. The wind picks up and whips my hair into my face. When I push my hair out of my eyes and look back into the forest they are gone. Looking up into the sky I notice the full moon, which is eerily large tonight, casting shadows around the gardens 
Weird, I think to myself as I head inside and off to dinner.
Dinner tonight was another Hawaiian feast prepared by Alani. If she keeps feeding me like this I’m going to need to go shopping in a few weeks for larger pants.
Our conversation at the dinner table was light hearted. Tristan made me laugh several times. I was really impressed that he didn’t bring up this morning’s mishap. Which really shows to his good character.
After dinner my dad retires to his room and Alani starts putting away the dishes. Since they are preoccupied Tristan decides to scoop me away. 
He leads me down the hall from the kitchen and into the fitness center. “Take off your shoes,” he says.
I raise one eyebrow at him but still comply. He pulls his off as well. I follow him over to the indoor trampoline. Both of us step onto the large trampoline that’s built into the rubber flooring of the gym. I haven’t been on a trampoline since I was ten so I’m a little hesitant to start out. Tristan jumps right in landing a high jump that sends me sprawling a few feet into the air. I raise my eyebrows at him in surprise and say, “Oh, it’s on!” He laughs at that. 
I get to jumping and after a few jumps I gain a good height that makes me feel like my stomach detached from my body. This time I manage to land just right to send Tristan rocketing towards the ceiling. I laughed so hard when I saw Tristan whirling his arms around trying to remain upright. He lands purposefully on his butt and says full of laughter, “Nice one Emma!” I don’t realize that he’s scooting closer to me till it’s too late and he’s pulled my feet out from beneath me bringing me down, not so gracefully, on my butt next to him. I give him a playful push on the shoulders while we laugh in unison. It’s been a long time since I’ve laughed so hard that my side hurts. 
We continue to bounce up and down for another half an hour, each taking turns trying out different flips and moves. We continued giggling the whole time... Well, I giggled and he laughed. 
I remember Kaylee telling me once that laughing burns a ton of calories. I bet between the trampoline jumping and our hysterical laughing fits that I worked off my entire meal. 
Once we both were out of breath and drenched in a layer of sweat we hopped off the trampoline and lay down on our backs on the cool gym floor. 
I roll over to my side and prop my head up with my hand. “I almost forgot to thank you for finding my swimsuit bottoms.”
Tristan rolled to his side as well and faced me. His brows began to furrow together in a look of confusion. “I didn’t find them, Emma.”
“Oh,” I say. “Well, I found them on my patio this evening, I just figured you found them.”
“Nope. Maybe one of the other workers found it.” Tristan replies. “Hey, you should totally keep those as a souvenir.” 
“Yeah, like I need a souvenir to remind me of today’s episode. It’s scorched into my brain forever!” I laugh.
“Next time we will both wear body suits. Those don’t come off that easily in the surf.” Tristan says with a toothy grin.
“Oh no, you’re not getting me back out there! We had an agreement; you surf, I watch.”
We continue talking for another fifteen minutes until I yawn and we decide to call it a night. 
Back in my room I think of what Tristan said about another worker finding my bottoms. If there were other workers out near the beach, I sure hope none of them were a witness to this morning’s surfing catastrophe. 
Deciding not to worry too much about it I hop in the bed. My mind is racing with thoughts of Tristan. I just hope sweet dreams would follow.



 CHAPTER 9 (SURPRISES!)

“Emma?” I hear my dad call from outside my door… 
My eyes squint trying to adjust to the bright and sunny room. “Yeah, come in.” I say lazily. 
My dad comes in and is already dressed for the day. That doesn’t surprise me though since he normally gets up at sunrise. He’s always been a morning person; I’m more of a night owl.
“Hey dad.” I say to him wiping the sleepiness from my eyes.
“Hi Emma. How did you sleep?” He asks.
“Fine.” I say but it comes out more like “fiyyy,” because of my long yawn. 
“Good. I feel like I haven’t seen you much over the past two days; I hope you aren’t feeling neglected. I’ve been swamped trying to get this project started.” My dad says running his hands through his hair.
“Nah, I haven’t been feeling neglected.” I reply with a reassuring smile. “I remember going on many work trips with you in the past. I know how much time and attention your work needs from you. I’ve been keeping busy myself.” My dad looks a little surprised that I didn’t make a dig about his work taking so much of his time like I normally would have. I’m a little astonished myself that I don’t feel that way. I guess this move is starting to squelch some of my attitude. Or maybe I’m just learning to be more mature. Or maybe… my dad cuts off my thought. 
“Mm-hmm. Yeah, I’ve heard. Alani told me this morning that you have been spending a lot of time with Tristan... So... How’s that going?” He says the last part slowly wondering if he’s moving into embarrassing territory. 
I laugh a little because I see how uncomfortable my dad is talking to me about boys. I appreciate though that he steps up and asks me even if it is uncomfortable. Since my mom wasn’t around, he was the one to have ‘the talk’ with me. He even took me to pick out a purity ring when I turned thirteen, which I still wear to this day. I twist it around a little on my finger as I reply, “Yeah, he’s been really nice and has been showing me around.”
“Well, that’s nice... He’s being good to you right, Emma?” my dad presses.
“Dad! Yes, he’s being good.” I exclaim. “He’s actually quite the gentleman.”
My Dad clears his throat and looks at me relieved, “Good. I don’t want to have to take him down for messing with my little girl.” 
I giggle. I secretly love that he’s a good and protective dad. “Thanks dad. I will make sure to let you know if anything changes so you can get your sparring gear ready.” I smile at him. 
“Sparring Gear? We’re from Texas honey, I’ll get me a shot gun!” He laughs and pats me on the leg. “Hey lets go have some breakfast before I head off to work.”
“Sure!” I say as I slide out of bed and follow him to the kitchen.
Over breakfast we talked a little more about all that’s been going on. He’s been interviewing people over the past two days trying to put together a film crew. My dad told me that the Kealoha’s hired him to do a documentary on these spirits called The Night Marchers. He doesn’t tell me too much about them. My dad tends to try to shelter me from as much of the paranormal as he can. I think he does it out of respect for my mom. My mom was a church going woman, so my dad says. She would never have stood for her daughter fraternizing with the undead or spirits. Since my mom disappeared my dad hasn’t really gone to church. I’m not sure why, but my guess is because it reminds him of my mom. Kaylee would take me though with her family on Sunday morning and Wednesday nights. Although I don’t remember going to church as a toddler with my mom, I feel close to her there. I feel comfort and peace knowing that God is taking care of her wherever she might be. I wish my dad were able to feel that peace. Hopefully praying, maybe one day he will.
After we finish off our breakfast and put our dishes in the sink my dad says to me, “So, Emma, I know that this move was a tough one for you. I want you to know how proud I am of you for giving Hawaii a chance. You haven’t moped around in your room or continued giving me a guilt trip like most teenagers would... Well, you aren’t like most teenagers. You show a lot more maturity and responsibility and I know that I can trust you. That means a lot to me.... So what I’m trying to get at is, well, I got you a gift.”
My brow furrowed in confusion. It wasn’t often my dad got me gifts. Lately on my birthdays or Christmas he would just give me money and tell me to go buy something nice for myself. He said that my mom was the thoughtful one who would know just what to get. He never knew what to buy me. I guess after several years of trying to pick stuff out like the baseball bat he got me when I was five or the GI Joe he got me for Christmas one year, he decided to just let me pick out my own gifts. Not that I’m complaining about picking out exactly what I want, but it’s always exciting to have a surprise. “Dad, what are you up to?” I pried. 
Dad smiled at me holding up a key…a car key to be exact! My expression quickly changed from questioning into elation; my eyes got wide as I asked him, “You got me a car?” 
“Not just any car Emma, the car.” 
Uh-oh I start thinking about those boy gifts he would get me and wonder if there might be some old truck or muscle car waiting for me. Oh well, if it was, at least it would drive! I start getting excited so I jump up out of my seat and head for the front door. I swing it open and my jaw drops. Parked in the circular driveway is a brand new, deep-blue convertible! I squeal in delight and jump into my dad’s arms giving him the biggest bear hung I could manage. “Thank you, thank you, thank you,” I exclaimed jumping up and down barely able to contain myself. 
“So did I get it right this time?”
“Dad, this is more than right, it’s more than I could have wished for,” I squeal with delight. “Are you totally sure though? I mean, do you have the money for this?” I ask a little more sober than before when I think of the financial repercussions a gift like this would cause.
“Definitely honey! I received a very decent sign on bonus. I want to make sure that you are taken care of and that you have a way to get around. There isn’t really any public transportation on this side of the island and I certainly don’t expect you to bike around out here.” Then my dad gives a light chuckle and hands me the key. “Care to take your old man for a ride?” 
I give him a smile so big that I feel like my face is going to break with the excitement, “Hop in!” I’m so excited I don’t even think about the fact that I’m still in my pajamas. It doesn’t matter anyhow, nobody will notice. 
We both get into the oh-so-comfortable leather bucket seats. I put the key in the ignition turning it until I hear it purr. Looking over at my dad with elation; I put it into drive and we are off. With the wind blowing through my hair I feel alive and free. My dad really went above and beyond with this gift. This car shows that my dad trusts me and with that trust comes a bit of freedom. I certainly didn’t expect it, but I’m very grateful. 
As we are driving along the windy road parallel to the beach it hits me. I’m thousands of miles from where I grew up; this place is so different from Texas. It’s a huge change but, I’m here, it’s happening, and I’m surviving. When I had first heard the news I thought my life was over. I never imagined that change could bring anything good, yet it has. I guess hindsight really does see 20/20. I’ve met new people, I’m gaining new experiences and to top it all off my dad selflessly gives me this car. Not that I’m materialistic or anything, but you have to admit it’s a really cool treat that I wasn’t expecting. I just can’t contain the happiness that’s radiating from my face. 
A single tear streams down my cheek. My dad notices immediately, “What’s wrong honey, you don’t like the car?” 
“No dad, I love the car. These are just happy tears, I’m just happy and I never thought I would be happy...here. Thank you.” It seemed so small to just say thank you to him after he just gave me my freedom but it was all I could muster at the moment. 
Once we reach the main highway I notice my dad glance at the clock on the dashboard. I can see that he’s conflicted with wanting to spend more time with me, and needing to get to work. So, to help him out, I turn around and head us back home. On our way back, my dad tells me about the trip he will be taking tomorrow. He will be island hopping over the next week with the film crew doing some interviews with some locals who have had firsthand experience with The Night Marchers. He arranged for Alani to stay in the main house to make sure I’m taken care of while he’s gone. He also apologized to me for going out of town so soon when we just moved here. 
I let him know that I’m a big girl, hence the big girl car. Anyhow, I will be preoccupied with starting up classes for my online home school.  I have plans to hit the books hard so I can quickly get these last few credits needed to graduate. 
After we get back to the house my dad gives me a hug and heads off to his room to get his stuff ready for another long day of work. 
I head to my room to get started on school and run into Tristan in the hall blushing when I see him. Then I blanch when I look down and see that I’m still wearing my oversized Dallas Cowboys jersey and cotton shorts that I slept in. I’ve probably had this jersey for six years, so it’s well worn and a little tattered, but it’s so comfortable.
“I like your digs,” Tristan says with that cute smile of his.
“Oh, this old thing?” I say in a try-to-be-witty-yet-cute type of way.
“Yeah, it would be even cooler if the Cowboys were on a winning streak.” Tristan says raising an eyebrow looking mightily sly. It’s pretty cool that he can do that too, not just anyone can raise a single eyebrow. I guess we share that unique trait.
“Hey! Don’t dis The Boys Tristan!” I say and playfully shove his shoulder.
“Okay, okay.” He says holding both hands up in a surrender position. “Well, I can’t really talk since we don’t even have a football team here, but we do get to host the pro-bowl every year!” He looks at me a little closer. I guess he sees the excitement on my face so he says, “What are you so happy about this morning?”
I give a squeal of delight, grab his hand and pull him out to the front of the house. Tristan’s mouth drops just like I’m sure mine did when I first saw it. “Is that your car,” Tristan whispers? 
“Yep, can you believe it?” I yelp. “My dad gave it to me this morning!” I couldn’t hide the excitement in my voice. I ran back and grabbed the key off the counter, “You want to go for a ride?”
“Um, of course! I love feeling the wind in my hair.” He says while ruffling his hand through his wild locks.
I take Tristan on the same route I took my dad on. Half way in to the ride Tristan leans his head back and closes his eyes. The wind wisps through his hair casting sun light off his profile. I give a small sigh. I like seeing him happy; in fact I just like seeing him. 
Tristan notices I’m watching him out of the corner of my eye. “What?” He asks wryly.  
“Nothing, I just like watching you is all…you seem to be really enjoying yourself.” 
I watch him smile at me; I like it when he smiles at me, it’s so soothing. “Why thank you, but you might want to watch the road as opposed to me.” He says teasingly.
I giggle and pointedly focus one hundred percent on the road in front of me. I have to say that Hawaii is really growing on me. 
When we get back to the house Tristan asks what I have planned for the day.
“Oh, some school work but after that I don’t really have anything else going on,” I say. All the while thinking to myself, of course I don’t have anything else going on. Tristan is the only person around here that I know who is close to my age. Not that this is a problem. I wonder if that’s why he’s spending so much time with me. Maybe I’m the only option around. 
“Cool. Well, if you aren’t busy, maybe this afternoon after you’re done with your schoolwork we can go for a ride; this time I’ll drive. I can show you around a little more,” he says while his eyes show a look of hopeful anticipation.
“Cool. I’m down,” I say trying to sound not too overly eager about getting to spend more time with him. 
“Great! I will be by at 4:30 to pick you up,” He says as he turns to head back to his house.
“I’ll be here.” I yell with a wave as he leaves. Well, I guess it’s time to get my schoolwork out of the way. Now, I just have to try to not think too much about Tristan’s amazing blue eyes during calculus. 



 CHAPTER 10 (A SHORT SWIM)

After several grueling hours of calculus and AP Biology I turn off my laptop. Glancing at the clock I notice that I have an hour to kill before heading out with Tristan. I decide to take a quick swim. I haven’t been getting nearly enough exercise since I moved here. Well, I guess I did burn some calories on the trampoline. 
I throw on my bathing suit, a purple one piece this time just in case, grab a towel and goggles then head down to the beach. It’s so peaceful out here all alone. I walk slowly into the water basking in the sunlight and feeling the cool blue pacific hitting my skin. Once I get deep enough I take off swimming, practicing my butterfly stroke and cutting through the waves. Through my goggles I can see a school of fish below me dancing through the coral reefs. It’s amazing how clear this water is. 
Several yards out I feel my muscles start to burn so I turn to start my swim back. As I turn around seeing how far I have actually gone, I am at least one hundred yards out. Moving to start my trek back towards land, someone catches my eye. With my goggles on from this distance all I can see is the shape of a man on the beach seemingly staring in my direction. Focusing my eyes I can tell that the man is actually a boy about my age maybe a year or two older. He's tall and fit with jet-black hair. He doesn't have a shirt on, only a pair of shorts. He sports a tribal sleeve tattoo on his right arm. His left arm has a tribal band tattoo that looks like it crosses from his shoulder and blends in halfway across his chest. I can’t make out the exact design from this far away; I can just see the stark blackness that contrasts with his brown skin. 
I paddle nearer to the shore and try to get a better look at him but a wave crashes on top of me. I struggle to break free of the crushing power that pushes me down under it. I kick hard, propelling me towards the surface. A second or two later I break water and inhale deeply but my air is cut off when yet another wave crashes on top of me. This one is so powerful that the wind is nearly knocked out of my lungs. I realize for a second that I don’t know which way is up. Panic starts rising in my chest as I sense how dangerous this is. I will myself to calm down and a second later I see the light. I start fiercely kicking towards it and break free. I cough out water that I must have taken in and greedily gasp in air, my lungs stinging from the salt water. I take a second to get my bearings and to check behind me to make sure that I'm not going to be taken under again. 
Finally grasping a sense of safety, at least for the mean time, I turn back towards shore and see that the man is now waste deep in the water as if he had been about to swim to me but he stopped. Now he’s just standing there staring back at me. His presence is strong and steady, as the waves crash around him yet he doesn’t waver at all. His eyes are open wide and his expression is that of worry with a hint of wonder, almost like he knows me. Something about his eyes intrigues me. I’m still not close enough to make out their color, but I am close enough to notice that this man is kind of hot. I mean, in a Hawaiian-bad-boy kind of way. 
I stop staring at him and start swimming his way. I don’t know why, but I’m inexplicably drawn to him. I decide to try to swim underwater since I can dodge the waves and get to him quicker. When I get close enough to shore and stand up I’m disappointed to find that the man is gone. He just disappeared. With how quickly he vanished I’m forced to wonder to myself if he might have been a figment of my imagination. I shake my head trying to clear it a bit.
Thankfully I’m not left much time to ponder whether or not I’m going crazy when I notice Tristan sauntering down the pathway towards me. Crap! I totally lost track of time. I jump out quickly, grab my towel and start jogging towards him. “I am so sorry Tristan!” I yell to him a little out of breath.
Tristan gives me that amazing smile of his and says, “No problem. By the way, haven’t you ever heard of the rule that you should never swim alone?” His face turns a little more serious. He places his hands on either side of my shoulders and bends to look in my eyes. “The ocean is a dangerous place. The tide can take you out far from shore before you even realize it.”
“I honestly didn’t think about that. I’m a strong swimmer but you’re right; I have heard that rule.” I say to him while looking down like a child caught doing something wrong. “I won’t do it again.”
Tristan gives a hearty laugh and rubs the sides of my arms. “I’m not trying to get onto you Emma. I just want to make sure you are safe. The Pacific Ocean claims multiple drowning victims every year. I just don’t want you to be one of them. After all, I like you.” 
I think the last three words are all I heard or at least all I focused on. He likes me. A giddy youthful excitement rises in my chest. I reply with a smile, “Next time I will just have to ask you to go swimming with me.” 
“Deal,” he says. We both start heading back up to the house. 
Back at the house I apologize again for running late and ask for fifteen minutes to get dressed. I tell Tristan I will meet him out front. I run inside my room, throw on a bright yellow sundress, brush some leave in conditioner into my hair and apply a thin layer of lip-gloss. Examining myself in the mirror I notice that I look more tanned than I’ve ever been in the past. Maybe I will start looking more like I belong on a tropical island soon. On second thought, the Texas twang in my voice will probably call my bluff. 
I made record time and met Tristan at the front door just shy of ten minutes. He smiles and says, “Nice dress.” 
I feel the heat rising into my cheeks, which is good since I didn’t have any time to apply any blush in my haste of getting ready. 
Tristan leads me out to the driveway towards a bright yellow topless jeep. He opens the door for me and makes a quick joke about how it matches my dress. I retort that I planned it that way. (Even though I had never seen his jeep before today.) Once we are both buckled in we start the trek down the long windy road from the house back to civilization. I realize that this is the first time since my dad and I left the airport that I’ve gone to any destination other than the house. 
After a thirty-minute drive we pull up to this small shack labeled by a turquoise blue sign with painted red letters announcing that it was Red Hot Mama’s. There was no seating anywhere; just a walk up window to order from on the outside of the shack. Judging from the line of about ten other people waiting patiently, I could guess that the food here must be good. We hop out of the jeep and get in line. Tristan orders us both a pulled pork burrito with everything on it and two cokes. While we are waiting for our order Tristan heads to the jeep, pulls his backpack out and straps it to his back. A few moments later I hear our order number being called out over the waiting crowd. 
After he picks our order up he says, “Shall we?” Handing me a coke he gestures for us to take a walk. I nod and we head out across the street and down to a public beach. The beach littered with people, oversized umbrellas and toddlers building sand castles, seems to extend down as far as my eyes can see. This is the place to go to people watch. I’m sure there are hundreds of people out here tonight. We pass by a sunset volleyball game where there are several teens around my age covered in sand from their aggressive playing. It makes me think of Texas summers where my friends and I would go to the lake and catch a quick game. I try to suppress the feeling of homesickness. Anyhow, I’m in probably one of the most beautiful places in the world and I’m in good company. I should be counting my blessings not my sorrows for my friends I left behind. 
Eventually we find a nice un-crowded spot to dine. Tristan opens his backpack pulling out a huge oversized beach towel. He lays it out on the beach and we plop down on it and dig in. Oh my goodness, the burrito was the best I’ve ever had! Well, I also am very hungry so I’m not that biased, but it tasted amazing. What made it even better was the company that I was sharing it with. 
“So Emma, tell me a little about yourself.” Tristan says with a half smile that looks incredibly sexy. “Other than the fact that you are a bad surfer.”
“Ha. Ha. What do you want to know?” I try and reply daintily with a mouthful of food.
“Everything.” He says while some of his burrito filling falls onto the towel. These things are so good, but super messy.
“Well, that will take a while. I’m a very complex individual you know.” I grin flirtatiously at him before continuing. “You know this means that I get to know everything about you too?” 
“Deal!” He says.
“Hmm,” I say thinking of where to start. It’s always kind of awkward when a guy asks you to tell him about yourself. I never know how much to share or how little. Deciding to go the bullet point route I start. “Well, I was born and raised in Texas. My dad, as you know is a paranormal investigator, which until recently, was only his time consuming hobby. I’m well travelled after hopping across the globe with him on his assignments. I have a best friend, and her name is Kaylee. I call her my sister, because really, she’s the only person in the world that knows more about me than I do. I have to say that not having her with me here has been one of the hardest adjustments I’ve had to make with this move.” I take a moment to gather my bearings. Kaylee is like my other half. Having her so far away makes me feel empty inside. After all, we hadn’t spent more than a day apart since the first time we met in middle school…Until now. I’ve been keeping so busy since I arrived in Hawaii that I hadn’t allotted myself time to really process that Kaylee isn’t a quick bike ride away any more. I pick at the hem of my dress, trying not to cry.
Having realized that the entire time I was talking to Tristan I was staring at the ground, I look up to meet his gaze. His crystal clear blue eyes portray sympathy and understanding which gives me the strength to continue on. Smiling softly I clear my throat and continue, “On a lighter note here is something about me you would probably never guess.” His smile gets increasingly larger and he leans in towards me, which tells me that he wants to hear what I have to say. “I collect air.” I wait for his reaction. 
He raises his brows slightly and cocks his head to the side. “Air? I’m not sure I’m following you.” 
I stifle a small laugh. “I use these little glass jars to capture air samples from the places I visit as well as places that are special to me. I seal the air inside with a wax lid and keep them as part of my collection. It’s silly, I know. I guess it’s just one of my many quirks.” I wait to see his reaction and am surprised when I see a smile slowly creep across his face. 
“That is awesome, Emma! I never really thought about doing that. I don’t think it’s silly by any means. It’s just different is all, and sometimes, different is good.” 
“I like that answer!” Wiping my palms off on my shorts I smile coyly at him. It’s funny how nervous you get when telling someone about yourself. That underlying question as to whether you will be accepted is always running in the back of your head. I find that I don’t have to worry about that with Tristan, who has proved to be accepting and supportive which makes me want to open up to him more. It sends an imaginary truth serum dancing through my veins. If I’m not careful I think I will let out all the skeletons from my closet. 
Tristan chimes in, “I collect shark teeth myself. I can’t tell you how many people I have plowed into while combing the beaches looking for those things. The sad thing is, I can only remember finding maybe one or two in my entire life. I’m not sure what exactly keeps me looking for them to be honest.” 
After he disclosed that interesting information, I end up telling him about my parent's honeymoon and the shark tooth incident. Upon finishing the story, I realize that Tristan’s expression has changed from enjoyment and ease, to compassion and curiosity. 
“Emma, can I ask you something?” He says looking at me with a tad bit of uncertainty.
I don’t have to think about this too long. “Of course, Tristan, anything.” I try to appease him with a smile but I can tell he’s still a bit uncomfortable for some reason. 
“Where is your mom?” Tristan begins, asking me the million-dollar question. 
I let my breath out in a short gust of air trying to think of how I can possibly answer that question. Looking down I reply, “My mom… I’m not sure where she is to be honest. It was a long time ago, when I was three…she disappeared. Nobody could tell us what happened to her. We searched for her for a while but never got any type of closure; I’m not sure we ever will. I only have a few basic memories of her: like the way she smelled, and the way she smiled. It just seems like a lifetime ago.” I look back up to meet his gaze, grateful that I don’t see any look of pity in his eyes. I don’t think I could bare it if I saw him look at me like that. Instead Tristan just listens intently to me like I’m the only thing in the world that matters. It gives me a serene calm that I can’t say I have ever felt before. 
This time Tristan looks down and opens up to me. “I can empathize with you Emma. My dad left when I was ten. He just up and decided one day that being a husband and a father wasn’t the life for him. My mom called it a midlife crisis. He told her that he was moving back to Australia, his home country, to do a walkabout. That was the last my mom or I ever heard from him.”  
I contemplate what Tristan just told me. I know in my heart that my mom didn’t have any choice in leaving my dad or me. I can’t imagine how it would feel to know that one of my parents made the choice to just walk away. When I give Tristan a look of sympathy he looks at me seriously and adds, “You know, I have to be brutally honest. I don’t wish for anything different. Sure, I was upset when he left and when I was younger I somehow always linked it back to being my fault, but I finally came to accept that it was no one’s responsibility but his. I don’t think I would be the man that I am today had my father not left. It instilled a sense of protection towards my mother who taught me how to love unconditionally, even when someone you love hurts you. My mom did an amazing job raising me, and I don’t have any regrets. I’ve come to realize that it’s not me necessarily that missed out, but him. He’s the one who thought he had it all figured out; but in the end, he missed out on the more important things in life.” 
Looking at Tristan I can see a strength reflected in his eyes. He may have been through a lot, but he has managed to come out on top, and he became better person in the process. I truly believe that Alani is some type of super mom. She can juggle anything and still remain the most tenderhearted and endearing person that I have ever met. I’m sure if Tristan would have had any other mother for a role model, he wouldn’t have turned out half as good as he has. 
We finish our cokes and chitchat some more about lighter subjects: like our favorite movies, books, and food; then we turned back to watch the sunset over the Pacific. I realize that this is probably why the beach was so crowded this late in the afternoon. Everyone was ready to catch a glimpse of this famous Hawaiian sunset. 
I can totally see why all these people are here; it’s absolutely stunning. We watch the colors change from yellows, oranges, blazing reds, purples and pinks into the nighttime navy blue. I haven’t seen anything more beautiful in my entire life. 
“Beautiful.” I say with a sigh as I look over at Tristan. He’s already staring at me as he simply says, “Yes.” 
My heart skips a beat as I realize at that moment just how intimate this beach takeout dinner really is. I break my eyes away from his and look back at the sunset. I can’t pay much attention to it because I’m way too aware of how close we are sitting to each other. Close enough for our arms to touch. I keep telling myself over and over in my head, ‘he’s just a friend.’ After all that is what he said to me. I don’t want to ruin the potential of a good friendship by misinterpreting this night for anything other than what it is.
I decide, for the sake of our friendship, to go ahead and nonchalantly put an inch or two of distance between us. Just as I go to make my move Tristan covers my hand with his. I turn to stare into those aquamarine eyes as he whispers my name. The butterflies start dancing in my stomach. The intimacy of the moment is almost unbearable since we haven’t before crossed that line of friendship. I look down but Tristan isn’t having that. His finger comes up under my chin and raises it gently so that my eyes are level with his again. He leans in slowly and places a gentle kiss on my lips. It was short and sweet but it quickened my heartbeat. I open my eyes and meet his again. I can feel the heat of excitement burn my cheeks and spread across my entire body. We both pull away a little but continue to lock eyes with each other. He runs his fingers through my hair and then places his hand over mine. Wow, this man really is a gentleman. Most of my first kisses were all open mouthed and sloppy, not really romantic. Yet, this short, closed mouth, gentle kiss meant so much more. We both turn away from each other and watch the remainder of the sunset. He keeps his hand on mine and I can’t help but think of just how right this feels with Tristan. A sense of comfort washes over me as the warmth of his hand rests on mine.
Once it starts to get dark and most of the people start heading back to their cars Tristan says, “Emma?” 	
“Yes?” I look up at him.
“I just want you to know that I really like you, a lot. I know that you are new here and are in a lot of transition. I just hope that the kiss that we just shared didn’t make you feel uncomfortable or pressured... I mean, if you want to just be friends that is totally okay with me.... I just got carried away what with the sunset and how beautiful you look...” Tristan rambles a little uncomfortably.
“Tristan,” I say and smile at him, he thinks I’m beautiful... “I like you too. The kiss was perfect.” It really was. 
Tristan looks relieved. I’m surprised that a man this handsome would have any insecurity at all. He says, “Okay. I just want to make sure we are good. So, are you ready to head home?”
“Sure,” I reply even though I would much rather the sunset last forever so that I could spend more time with him.
We gather our stuff and head back to the jeep. The drive home is dark and the only light we have is from the headlights of his jeep. It looks like we are the only vehicle on the road. A little ways in on our drive we begin winding through a forested area. I notice a flash of light through the dense vegetation, and it immediately catches my eye. It’s just like the light that I have seen a few times from the house. It flickers against the night sky and I can now tell that it’s a flame. I shake my head a little to see if I’m just imagining it but then I notice more flames beginning to appear. There seems to be dozens of them and they look as though they are coming closer and closer to the road. As they near my ears pick up the far off sound of a beating drum. Something about it puts me at unease. I look over to Tristan hoping I’m not seeing or hearing things. He looks past me out my passenger side window. I can tell he senses something peculiar by the way the contours in his face reflect. His body seems to tense up as he presses his foot down on the gas pedal and we speed away. I listen to the beating drum get fainter and fainter. When we get far enough away that I don’t see the flames anymore I press Tristan, “What in the world was that?” 
Tristan just turns for a second and gives me a sideways glance and then turns back to the road. It’s like he’s not sure if he should tell me something. 
I decide to press him a little more, “I heard a drum beat. Where was that coming from?”
Tristan clears his throat then says seriously, “I’m not certain what it was Emma. I have a feeling though that whatever that was, it probably wasn’t good.” He pauses for a few seconds and then tries to lighten the tension by saying, “Or it could have just been a group of tourists who had one too many Piña Coladas and decided to take a night tour of our fine forest.”
I giggle a little at his last comment but something in me still has me feeling a bit unsettled. Perhaps it’s the way that Tristan tensed up when he saw what I was looking at. I feel a light pang of hurt since I can tell that he is obviously keeping some information from me for whatever reason. I don’t let it settle in too far though because it’s been such a good night, there’s no reason to ruin it. After all he must have good reason to not talk about it. 
Tristan seems to relax a bit as if he realized that I submitted to letting the subject rest. He makes a smart move and puts his hand on mine again. That’s a good way to shut me up anyhow. I feel content with riding the rest of the way home in silence holding his hand.
When we get back home Tristan leans in and gives me a short kiss on the cheek before he says aloha for the night. I head back to my room feeling elated from such an awesome night with Tristan. I also congratulate myself for not having even one embarrassing moment. 
When I get back in my room and throw on my pajamas I pull my phone out of my purse to send a quick text to Kaylee. “Had an amazing day...or was it an amazing date?”
It takes Kaylee several minutes to text me back. “It’s 3am here. Can we chat 2mrw?”
“OMG, I’m so sorry. Totally forgot. Will talk tomorrow.” I text back. What a horrible friend I am texting her in the middle of the night. 
“Wait! Did u say date?” She texts back. “Spill girl! It better B juicy since you woke me up!!!”
I spend the next twenty minutes giving all the details to Kaylee. She gets onto me again about taking a pic of Tristan. I’m going to have to try to get one tomorrow without looking stalker-ish.
After Kaylee and I text goodnight to each other, I pull my covers back and climb in underneath. My muscles are feeling sore from the long swim earlier today and I can feel the exhaustion set in. The last image I see in my mind before I drift off to sleep is the mysterious stranger I saw earlier today during my swim.



 CHAPTER 11 (TAKE A HIKE)

The next morning I wake up earlier than normal with my stomach growling. I head to the kitchen hoping to snag one of Alani’s amazing muffins. When I reach the kitchen I see Alani pressing circle cutters into fresh biscuit dough. I love fresh biscuits; my grandma used to make the most amazing biscuits and gravy when we went up to visit her in Tennessee. 
“Good morning.” I chirp.
“Aloha Emma.” She replies. “You are up quite early this morning. You even beat your dad to the kitchen.”
“I know, I guess my stomach knew that you must have been down here making something amazing since it woke me up.” I say as I head over to the kitchen island where she’s putting the cut out biscuits on a cookie sheet. “Is there anything I can help you with?”
“No honey, but you can keep me company.” Alani says with that warm smile of hers. “So how are things going? Are you taking to island life yet?”
“Things are going good so far. To be honest, I thought I would hate living on an island. So far it hasn’t been bad though; I’ve actually enjoyed myself. Your son has been so great showing me around.” I wonder if Tristan has mentioned anything to his mom about our times together. If so Alani doesn’t let on at all.
“Good, good. That Tristan, he is a good boy as he should be since I obviously raised him right.” She says with a light laugh. “So your dad is heading out this morning. I will be staying in the guest room here so that you don’t have to deal with this giant house all by yourself.” 
“Yeah, Dad told me. I appreciate that. I know that I’m nearly eighteen but I still hate staying home alone at night.” It’s the truth. I wonder if I will ever grow out of that. There’s something about knowing another person is within earshot to hear you scream. Not that I plan on screaming or anything.
My dad strolls into the kitchen and heads straight for the coffee maker. He spots me a second later and says surprised, “Emma, you’re up bright and early. Did you get enough beauty rest?”
I smile. “Yeah, I guess my mind knew I should be up to see my dad off.” I walk over to him and give him a hug. Then I decide to pour myself some coffee too. I don’t normally drink it, but I figure I’m going to need all the help I can get since I have a long day of schoolwork ahead of me. I pour a ton of sugar and cream in it and take a sip. I made it way too sweet, but I down it anyhow. I make a mental note to add a case of Red Bulls to the shopping list. 
A timer goes off and Alani grabs her oven mitt and pulls steaming hot biscuits from the oven. The smell permeates the room making me salivate. She sets them on the kitchen table where my dad and I are sitting. She also sets out several different jams, honey and butter. All three of us dig in. A few minutes later all the biscuits have gone into our bellies. I feel a little bad that Tristan doesn’t get any, but I guess this is why they have that saying, ‘The early bird gets the worm.’
After we help Alani put away the condiments, my dad checks his watch. “Well, the Kealoha’s driver should be here soon to take me to the airport. I’d better get going.” We start walking towards the foyer.
“Yes, you might want to bring some ear plugs just in case he tries to talk your ear off again.” I say jokingly. I guess Alani heard me because I can hear her giggling in the kitchen. 
“Duly noted…I have a favor to ask of you Emma.” My dad says in a more serious tone. 
“Sure. What is it Dad?” I ask.
“I know you are nearly eighteen and I’m not going to give you a curfew or anything but I need you to assure me that you won’t go out after dark, at least not alone.” He says.
“Um, okay. May I ask why?” That’s an odd request since the sun goes down here at like seven in the evening. That’s a pretty early timeframe to be back in the house for the night; at least compared to my curfew back in Texas.
“I can’t get into it right now but let’s just say that this island can be dangerous at night. I don’t want you outside by yourself if you can help it; just as a precaution. I’m sure that you won’t be staying by yourself much seeing how you’ve been spending a lot of time with Tristan lately. If you need to go somewhere after dark just ask him or Alani to accompany you. Will you do that for your old man?” He gives my hair a tousle with his hand trying to lighten the conversation. I try and suppress a laugh, as I can fully tell there is deeper meaning behind his words than what he’s letting on. 
I’m extremely curious now about what my dad might know that he’s not sharing with me but the sound of a horn outside denotes that I won’t be finding anything out today. “Yes, dad.” I say reassuringly, “I’ll do my best to not go out after dark without someone else. I hope you have a good trip.” 
My dad starts grabbing his things together. “Thank you Emma. I love you honey. Be good and call me if you need anything.”
“Love you too dad.” I see my dad off with another hug and a kiss on the cheek before he hops in the limo and leaves. 
The rest of the morning goes by quickly as I burrow through my math studies. By the time eleven o’clock rolls around my eyes are straining to do my last calculation. I close the top to my laptop and shut my eyes stretching back to relieve the tension buildup. There’s a soft knock at my door followed by, “Emma?” 
I know that voice and a smile comes over my face. “Hey Tristan, come on in. I was just finishing.” 
Tristan opens the door wide and gives me a smirk. “Need a break?” 
I smile back at him nodding my head in affirmation, “Don’t you believe it! This calculus homework is going to be the death of me. I don’t know how I ended up doing it for two hours straight. The sad thing is that I think I only ended up completing about ten problems at the most.” 
Tristan saunters over to where I’m sitting and gives the top of my head a soft kiss. He puts his hands on either side of my shoulders massaging out the tension. I let my eyes roll back into my head and go limp. “You want to go somewhere with me?” Tristan asks, while breaking me out of the trance I was in. 
I put my laptop away and look at Tristan. “Absolutely,” I sigh. “I’m game for just about anything but this right now.” 
He gives me a small laugh. “Good, I thought you’d say that. Let’s get out of here; I want to show you something. Oh, and Emma…you might want to change into something a little more…outdoorsy.” 
I looked down at my sundress and grin. “K, I’ll be out in a few. Oh, do you want me to drive or are you driving?” 
“We definitely need the Jeep for this one.” Tristan gives my shoulders a slight squeeze and adds, “On second thought bring your bathing suit too just in case.” 
“Okay. Just as long as we aren’t surfing again!” 
I hear him do a light snicker as he leaves closing the door behind him.
Hopefully that’s a ‘no, we are not going surfing again’ laugh. 
I begin scrimmaging through my suitcase wondering if it will stay that way forever. Procrastination should be my middle name! I make a mental note to put aside some time to unpack. I wonder if I’m subconsciously not allowing myself to really settle into our new home. After tossing several articles of clothing on the floor, I finally find my favorite pair of Levi’s and a pink tank top. I head over to the bathroom to change and to grab my bathing suit. After I’m all dressed I look at myself in the mirror and sigh. My hair is a total mess. I guess I’d been twirling it too much in between my fingers when I was doing my schoolwork. It’s one of those things I do when I am concentrating really hard. After running a brush through my hair trying to get all of the self-inflicted tangles out, I opt for putting it up in a messy bun. I throw on some lip-gloss and tennis shoes then head out to find Tristan. 
I find him in the kitchen with Alani helping her fold towels. I slide back behind the wall a little more hoping they hadn’t spotted me yet, smiling at the moment in front of me. I always heard that you could tell a lot about a guy by the way he treats his mom. Tristan is definitely racking up the brownie points! 
Since they haven’t noticed me yet, I take a moment to pull out my phone and snap a quick picture of Tristan to send to Kaylee. Right as I take the picture Tristan looks up at me with a huge smile. I blush being caught in the act. “Hey guys.” I call out. 
“Hi sweetheart,” Alani says with her mother-like voice. “You guys going for a hike this afternoon?” 
“Mom! It was supposed to be a surprise,” Tristan says and playfully jabs a finger towards his mom.
“Tristan, it’s no problem. I kind of figured that’s where you were taking me anyway. I’ve been dying to do a little exploring since I got here.” I give Tristan and his mom a reassuring smile.
Tristan grimaces a little to his mom, “Well, then I guess you’re off the hook mom, I can’t stay mad at you anyway.” He gives her a small hug and then says to me “Emma, give me like five minutes so I can finish up with my mom and then we will be off.”
I use those five minutes to pull up the pic and text it to Kaylee. It only takes a few seconds for her to text back, “OMG Super McHottie!” I pull up the picture and look at it again; yep, he is pretty darn handsome. We text back and forth until Tristan finishes folding the final towel.
He looks at me, “Ready to go my lady?” I smile and nod. “We will be back before dinner,” he says to his mom.
“Okay, you guys be safe! Be sure to give yourself plenty of time to be out of the woods before nightfall. Aloha,” Alani smiles at us and shows us out. 
“Will do mom.” Tristan says.
“Thanks Alani, have a good day! Oh, and Aloha to you too” I reply with a smile. 
Alani waved us goodbye and watched while we drove off in the jeep.
“So, what kind of music do you listen to?” Tristan asks me while reaching for the radio.
I kind of laugh knowing that what I say will probably be disturbing, “I’m a country girl all the way.” I give a small smirk and wait for Tristan’s reaction. 
Tristan raises his eyebrows a fraction of an inch and says, “Well, country it is.” A look of shock comes over my face. I can’t believe that he didn’t whine or complain! Usually country music fans live in the southern United States and that was about it. Everywhere I would travel with my dad, people always gave me a ‘look’ when they found out what I listen to. One woman even called it Yankee Doodle Music, which was kind of ignorant since Yankee Doodle is a song originated in the Northern US, Connecticut to be exact. It doesn’t have a lick to do with the South or Country music. 
“You seem surprised,” Tristan mused. Keeping a close eye on the road he glanced over at me. 
“I’m just surprised that you are letting me listen to country, that’s all. I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone away from the South that enjoyed it.” 
Tristan smirked, “I actually kind of like country, at least I don’t mind it. We only have one radio station that is country out here. I think they have a few more stations on the big island though. So, who’s your favorite singer?”
“Hmmm,” I thought about this a moment. “I think I would have to say it’s a tossup between Taylor Swift, The Zack Brown Band, and The Band Perry. I just love that song, If I die young that they sing.”
“Seems a bit morbid,” Tristan jokes. 
I playfully hit him on the arm. “It’s not…the song is really beautiful. Hey turn it up a little, I like this song!” Fearless comes on by: Taylor Swift. I press my lips together. If this song couldn’t be more perfect for the occasion, I don’t know what would. 
The wind whips through my hair as we drive on the coastal road. Life seems simply perfect right now. I close my eyes and relish the moment hoping that this fairy tale has a happy ending. I feel Tristan reaching for my hand covering it with his own. He smiles at me and I return a small smile his way. I listen as the radio sings, ‘Cause I don’t know how it gets better than this, you take my hand and drag me headfirst…Fearless.’ I feel almost fearless in his hands. I look down at my hand and just stare at Tristan’s fingers interlocking between mine. Surprisingly, it doesn’t feel embarrassing, or wrong; it just feels right.  I hold onto this comfort as we cruise down the road.
I look to Tristan when he finally pulls up to a ravine. He turns off the jeep and doesn’t bother with the door as he jumps out. He comes around to my side and opens the door, “My lady…” 
I give a small giggle as I hop from my seat. Tristan grabs his backpack from behind the seat and shuts the door. I begin to wonder what’s in his backpack…or should I say his bag of tricks? Tristan places his hand at the small of my back leading me over to a small path between the trees of the forest. 
“You ready?” Tristan asks me. 
“Yep!” I chirp, trying to downplay the excitement in my voice. Tristan takes the lead, heading up the tiny, winding path. Every time there’s a dip or a tall step Tristan turns around and takes my hand to make sure I don’t fall. I feel like fine china with him; I feel safe. He is so chivalrous. I’ve only read about men like this in fairy tales; I wasn’t even sure they existed. Yet, here is Tristan. I’m not trying to fool myself; I’m sure he’s got some downfalls, but he’s the closest I’ve met to a knight in shining armor. I carefully consider what downfalls Tristan might have. As I wonder, I start thinking to myself about how I really want to know more about who Tristan is. I know that he behaves like a gentleman but what makes him tick, what skeletons does he have in his closet? I make a mental note to dig in deep with him today.
After an exhausting hour and a half of hiking Tristan finally stops. “Are you ready?” he asks a little breathlessly. 
“Ready for what?” I question. 
“Well, You’ll see...” 
A smile slowly spreads across my face. “Yeah, I’m ready.” 
Tristan leads me a little further down the path until the path starts to clear. “Okay, now close your eyes and take my hand.” 
I grin and obey. Slowly he starts leading me ahead calling out obstacles making sure I know when I’m about to step over a root, or take a step down. He’s being very cautious of my safety; it’s quite sweet. 
With my eyes closed my other senses are heightened. I can smell Tristan now, he smells distinctly of Axe body spray. I think about those ridiculous commercials where the girls fawn all over the guy who sprayed on Axe. A hint of jealousy hits me as I think of those girls trying to fawn over Tristan. I breathe in his scent as we slowly walk trying to create a mental picture of this moment in my mind. In the background I could hear a deep rush of water in the distance. I can’t quite decipher the sound, so I just keep focusing on Tristan. The rushing water gets louder and more intense as we near. Some of the overgrown foliage tickles my shoulders as we scrape through it. When we finally stop Tristan puts his hands over my eyes as if he wants to make double sure that I don’t peek.  
“Okay, are you ready for this?” 
“Yes,” I reply in eager anticipation. 
Slowly his hands withdraw from my eyes. My eyes flutter open as I take in the sights surrounding us and it takes my breath away. Words can’t really describe the beauty that I see. Before me is a massive waterfall at least two hundred feet high. Breathtaking cliffs that are covered in lush green plants and flowers of every color surround the waterfall. On one side of the waterfall, about half way down, is a rainbow that stretches down to a pool of water collecting below. Every spectrum of color is displayed before my eyes. The colors are so vibrant that no picture, no video camera could ever capture its true essence. I suck in my breath as I feel the goose bumps run slowly down my arms. 
Tristan comes up from behind me and wraps his arms around me. I close my eyes as he pulls me closer to him. I lean my head into his neck and enjoy the simplicity of this. It feels like we are puzzle pieces and we simply ‘fit’ together. 
Tristan turns me around to face him and says as my eyes slowly gaze upward to meet his, “Do you know how beautiful you are?” 
I am overcome with emotions at this moment. “I can’t believe you are telling me I’m beautiful!” Tristan looks confused as I continue, “I mean, this is the most breathtaking thing I have ever seen and you’re telling me I’m beautiful?” 
Tristan looks me straight in the eyes. He softly brushes a few stray strands of hair behind my ears. I don’t think I have ever seen him so serious before, “Emma, you don’t understand. I have been coming here for years when I want to think, or to get my mind off things. I’ve always come here alone. This has always been my special place. It’s kind of selfish, but I wanted something that only I knew about. I’ve never wanted to bring anyone here before...until now. With you, I want to share everything; I feel open and free.” His hand lifts up and brushes my cheek softly gliding up and down. “Emma, this is somewhere that you and I alone can share together.” Tristan stops talking and looks at my face, studies it. I swallow hard not knowing what to say. He’s so close; yet, the gap seems too far for this moment. 
As if reading my mind Tristan leans forward, closes the gap and brushes his lips against mine. Heat surges through my body as he wraps his arms around me. I soften against him, as the kiss turns more urgent. My inhabitations begin to melt away as I get caught up in the moment but my dreamlike state is quickly diminished as Tristan pulls away looking flushed. He smiles sweetly at me as his eyes glisten in the sunlight. I am completely enamored by him. 
Tristan lets his arms fall from me as he reaches for his backpack. He pulls out a small blanket and some foil wrapped containers. He packed me a picnic I think to myself. “So, do you want to swim before or after we eat?” He asks. 
“Um, I guess before, after all we wouldn’t want to get a cramp or anything after we eat.” I think to myself about how I’m grateful I had my bathing suit on under my clothes. I don’t know where I would change out here. Tristan, being the gentleman he is turns around when I start taking off my tennis shoes. I steal a quick peek behind me and watch Tristan’s back muscles constrict and straighten as he peels off his shirt. I quickly avert my eyes before he catches me and pull off my clothes and head over to the water’s edge. 
Tristan meets me there a few seconds later. “Emma, do you trust me?” He whispers in my ear. 
I think about it for a second wondering the motivation behind the question. I guess if I were totally honest I would have to say yes. I mean, I’ve only known Tristan a few days but there seems to be such a strong connection between us. Originally I would have said it’s one of those ‘we will be friends forever’ types of connections. But now that we’ve shared a kiss, I think it’s grown even more. I nod and say out loud, “Yes, I do.” 
“Good. Because, I’m going to ask you take a leap of faith with me.” He walks to my side and offers me a hand up while giving me one of those sly smiles of his. Then he looks up over my shoulder. I turn around to see a small incline in the rock that leads up to a jut out of the cliff about fifty feet up. 
Anxiety sets in. “Um… okay, but, I have to warn you that I’m deathly afraid of heights.” I look at him nervously.
“Oh. Well if you don’t want to you really don’t have to.” He says sincerely. 
I think about it for a moment. I’m in Hawaii, my whole life is changing; why not be adventurous Emma? I say to myself in one of those inner monologue pump you up speeches. “What the heck… After all, when in Rome! How many chances does a teenage girl get to jump off the side of an extraordinary waterfall in tropical Hawaii?” I say with a smile that I hope hides the nervousness I feel inside.
“Cool. If we get up there and you need to turn back, just say the word.” 
I nod while Tristan takes my hand and starts leading me up the cliff side. I have to let go of his hand to steady myself. I kind of feel like I’m doing a baby crawl up to the top since it’s steep but not so steep that I would need to actually climb. Thank goodness since my upper body strength is definitely lacking. We reach the top and plant our feet on its flat surface. The sound of the water here is almost deafening. Tristan steadies his balance and grabs my hand to help me up. 
Once I’m standing I make the mistake of looking down. A small bit of vertigo sets in and I quickly look back up pressing my back more stiffly into the wall behind me. I’m shaking a bit as I ask Tristan, “Are you sure that this is safe… I mean is the water deep enough?”
“Definitely,” Tristan says reassuringly, “I’ve been jumping off this cliff since I was thirteen.” He cups his hand under my chin and lifts it to meet his gaze. “Emma, I would never intentionally put you in harm’s way. You can trust me.” I close my eyes for a brief moment trying to steady my nerves. The sound of the waterfall rushes around me and I grasp Tristan’s hand a bit harder willing myself the extra amount of courage I so desperately need. 
I smile trying to steady myself and to be brave. Tristan places a kiss on the bridge of my nose, gives my hand a squeeze and then says, “I will hold your hand the entire time.” 
I nod because it’s all I can do since words are not really coming to me at this time when I’m a little more than freaked out. Tristan rubs his thumb down the side of my hand and says, “On the count of three.” He looks at me to make sure I’m still in and that I don’t need to back out. 
“One… Two…” Oh my gosh, my stomach feels like it’s doing the quick step, “Three!” Then we are jumping together and falling together. I know that I’m squeezing his hand harder than a vise grip and I open my mouth to scream but nothing comes out. My stomach must have gone up and into my throat during the free fall. A few seconds later, we break the surface of the water and plummet under. The stark coldness of it takes my breath away and I immediately start trying to find my way back up to the surface. 
I realize when I break the surface that I’ve let go of Tristan’s hand. I instantly feel guilty and start frantically looking around for him. When he breaks water he doesn’t let on any sort of disappointment. I guess it’s a girl thing, but I think about that line in Titanic where Leonardo DiCaprio says, “Never let go.” I totally let go. 
He flips his hair back out of his face and is smiling at me from ear to ear, “What a rush!” Tristan swims the short distance towards me, “You know how proud I am of you Emma? You took life by the horns and really conquered your fears; it takes a strong person to do that!” 
I smile at his sentiment. I guess I shouldn’t allow the whole letting go of his hand thing to take away from the excitement of what we just did. “I guess I did. It was actually kind of fun!” I give him a big smile as I tread the water. Tristan pulls me to him and allows me to rest on him while he paddles to keep us afloat. I feel weightless in his arms. 
We float around the pool for a while just taking in the beautiful surroundings and letting nature talk for us. Tristan keeps me afloat while the rush of the waterfall gently glides us around the pool of water. I watch as birds and butterflies of all different colors and shapes dance from flower to flower. In that moment I’m reminded just how much nature is interconnected.  It’s such a beautiful sight to behold and one I could easily look at forever. After about half an hour Tristan breaks the silence, “Ready for some food?” He asks softly.
I nod in response as we start swimming back towards dry ground. Tristan runs ahead of me and grabs a towel from his bag bringing it to me. He puts the towel around my shoulders just as a butterfly approaches us. It’s probably one of the largest butterflies I’ve ever seen. It’s nearly the size of my hand. Its top half is yellow with black spots and the bottom half is the identical color of my bathing suit. It looks just like the butterfly that was adorned on the front of a going away card my aunt gave me. She had written inside of it: “If nothing ever changed, there would be no butterflies.” It was a quote by an unknown author. My aunt is a wise woman and she must have sensed I was struggling with how my whole life was changing. I gently reach out my hand towards the butterfly allowing my towel to drop to the ground. To my amazement it lands on my index finger. I gaze for a few seconds at its beauty and then look up at Tristan, my eyes open wide in wonder. I’ve never had a butterfly actually allow me to hold it before. 
“It recognizes your beauty Emma.” Tristan says softly. The butterfly gracefully extends its wings as it prepares to leave my hand. I watch it flutter off and then look back to Tristan. I wouldn’t have thought of myself as truly beautiful but the look in Tristan’s eyes makes me truly believe it. 
This time I make the first move as I step closer to him and reach my hand up to his face. I lean in and brush my lips across his in a light kiss. Pulling away I say, “Thank you Tristan. I mean, thank you for spending time with me and making me feel more at home. I didn’t think I would be able to feel like I belong this far from where I grew up, but you’ve made this whole move bearable.” 
“Well, you make it easy to want to spend time with you Emma.” He smiles and then picks my towel off the ground and hands it to me. 
Once we are both semi-dry Tristan picks up the blanket he had pulled out earlier. I help him lay it down and we both start in on opening the containers of food he brought. There’s fresh fruit, cut up ham, assorted cubed cheeses, crackers, cookies and some waters. It’s the perfect snack picnic.
We watch the beauty unfold around us while we eat; each taking turns stealing glances at the other. After we finish our cookies he starts tracing over the back of my hand with his finger, tracing over the silver ring on my right hand. “You wear this ring a lot. Who gave it to you?”
“My dad did. Well, we picked it out together. It’s a purity ring.” 
“Really?” He asks.
I wonder if this is something that he would see as a bad thing. I have dated guys in the past that wanted nothing more than for me to take this ring off. I was hurt badly by my last boyfriend. I thought I loved him. He did everything right and said he understood me. After we said we loved each other he started lying on the pressure by saying that isn’t love like marriage? What’s a paper have to do with anything? If we were going to be together forever, you wouldn’t really be breaking your commitment to purity. Thankfully, I didn’t do anything that I would have regretted with him. I had told Kaylee just how bad he was pressuring me and she did what best friends are made for. She picked up my cell phone and called the guy. I almost felt bad for him after the thirty-minute verbal bashing he got from her. After he spent a few minutes groveling to my BFI, who really didn’t believe any of it, she just cupped her hand over the speaker and asked me if I wanted to give him another chance. I shook my head no and she broke up with him for me. It wasn’t a hard decision for me after all, if he really loved me; he would respect my commitment and wouldn’t pressure me. He wouldn’t want me to fall from what I believed. He would want what’s best for me. Even after he apologized through my best friend, I had absolutely no reason to believe that he would want anything different from what he had wanted in the first place. I was broken hearted from being duped into believing that he supported me. He had been just lying in wait for a weak moment. I was grateful for Kaylee’s re-assurances. As well as the fact that she had made the same commitment I had made, so she totally empathized with what I was going through.
I get a little nervous thinking about Tristan. I find the strength to make myself resolute that if this is a turn off for him, then we aren’t meant to be. “Yes, I’ve made a commitment to myself, my dad and to God that I will save myself for marriage.” I know more often than not these days this sounds totally corny and even far-fetched. For me, I don’t want to give away a part of myself that I can never get back. I want to save my whole self for my husband one day. I don’t want any of it to be missing. 
Tristan touches the ring again with his finger and looks back up to me. “Emma, I think that’s wonderful. I respect your commitment and I want you to know that I will not pressure you. It takes a strong woman to stand her ground in the midst of tough situations. I just give you my word that I will do everything in my power to help you keep your commitment.” He squeezes my hand reassuringly and places a soft, gentle kiss on my cheek. “In fact, I will go as far as throwing cold water on you if you try to get all hot and steamy with our kisses!” 
We both laugh, but inside, I cherished the words that he shared with me. I feel like a weight is lifted from me now that we have crossed that possible obstacle.
Remembering my thoughts earlier as we were hiking up here I knew I needed to learn more about Tristan. I’m starting to fall for this guy, but I can’t fall for someone based on feelings, I need to know what makes him who he is. “So, Tristan, I want to know more about you.” 
“Well, what do you want to know?”
“Tell me your deepest, darkest secret.” I ask him mimicking the joke he said the night before at the beach.
A constrained smile began building on his face and he looks me in the eyes. I can tell that I may be treading some rocky waters here; maybe he does have a chink in his armor. “You know, Tristan, this is safe ground here. What is said at the waterfall will stay at the waterfall,” I say trying to loosen him up a little. I search his face and can see the worry in his eyes. “Tristan… It’s okay if you don’t want to talk about it.” He looks downward before closing his eyes. His hand wraps around mine and he rubs his thumb softly against my skin. I get a little nervous, wondering what he’s going to share. If it’s making him this nervous do I really want to hear it? 
“I was fifteen,” He began. “It was the summer before my sophomore year in high school. I…” There’s a long pause. I watch as a deep pain moves over his face while he searches for the right words.
“Tristan, it’s okay. You can tell me anything,” I encourage him. 
“…I met a girl. Her name was Abigail…we called her Abby for short. Abby and I were childhood friends and were always together. Things between us began to change as we got older.  There was an attraction there that we didn’t know existed. Well, one thing led to another and I ended up getting Abby pregnant.” 
A hushed breath escaped me and I felt all the breath leave my lungs. He’s a child? I try and flip this around in my mind…to process this. I feel jealousy starting to tug at me regarding his relationship with Abby but I swat it away as this is clearly not a time for that.
 A small tear drips down Tristan’s cheek. “We named our baby girl Clare. We were both just so young…” He chokes up a little and has a hard time continuing. My own throat chokes up and my eyes begin to water with his. I’ve never been able to handle it well when a grown man cries. He takes a deep breath and continues, “We found a good couple on the island who weren’t able to have children and they adopted baby Clare…We got to have her for three days.  I will never forget her pudgy little fingers on mine. The way she slept, the way she cried… She was perfect, but we weren’t ready. We were way too young...” 
I didn’t know what to say, it felt as if all the words in the world would never amount to any comfort I wanted to give. 
Tristan rubbed his eyes with his hands, “After having to hand my baby off to someone else, I just didn’t feel like life was worth living. I started acting up at school…when I would even go. I became your typical juvenile delinquent, hanging out with the wrong people, dabbling in drugs. My mother understood for a while, but as time progressed she saw my downward spiral and decided to see about sending me away, to get some real help. 
“The Kealoha family gave my mother the money to put me in a Christian Military Boarding School in California. I fought my mother on it for a while until she had me arrested for running away one night. The courts sided with my mother and then the Kealoha’s and I was on a one way flight to California that night.” 
Tristan took a deep breath and continued, “That school was probably the best thing that ever happened to me…they gave me my life back. I had hope again. When it was my senior year some Army officers came to my school looking for recruits. I wanted to give back by serving my country. I discussed it with my mom and she was a bit worried about me making a full time commitment when I was so young. So I enlisted in the Army Reserves.” 
Tristan runs his fingers through his hair and looks at me. His cheeks are still stained with tears and I reached over to brush them away with my thumb. The second my hand reached him, his hand enveloped mine and he pressed it to his face. 
He looks up at me, “Emma, I thought you would turn away from me when you heard about my past… I just never thought anyone would understand what I went through. It’s a past that I don’t enjoy reliving.” 
I gave Tristan a reassuring smile. I saw the look of regret on Tristan’s face, and it broke my heart. He had lived through so much pain and hurt by the time he was barely fifteen. I just can’t imagine what he must be feeling right now, telling me his deepest, darkest secrets. Tristan reaches behind him and pulls out his wallet, “Do you want to see a picture of Clare?” 
I don’t know what to say. It was one thing to hear about her, but a totally different thing seeing her. I nod though; I need to see her. Tristan pulls out a well-worn photo and begins telling me, “When we gave up Clare, we signed up for an open adoption. While I don’t get to really see her they send Abby and me pictures and updates a few times a year. This is Clare’s most recent picture. She’s four now, and they say she’s as ornery as ever.” Tristan’s face lights up as he hands me the picture. She’s beautiful. She has the same brown hair and aquamarine blue eyes that Tristan has. She has the cutest little cheeks and shallow dimples at the corners of her smile.
“She looks like an angel, Tristan…She’s adorable.” 
Tristan smiles at me for the first time since he began, and then the smile quickly fades and a worried look replaces it, “I just wish sometimes I could see her, hold her little hand again, kiss the top of her head like I did so many times before she left.” Pain radiates from Tristan showing me how much heartbreak he has been through.
I lean in and gently brush my lips across his. I then kiss his cheek and rest my head on his shoulder. His hands wrap around me embracing me in a sentimental hug. 
“Thank you so much for opening up to me. You made mistakes in your past, but they have made you into the man that you are today.... That’s the man that I’m pretty crazy about right now.”
Tristan sighs lifting my head to meet his eyes, “I’m kind of crazy about you too.” Then he looks up at the sky, “We better get going; it will be getting dark soon.” We pack up our things and make the hike back to the car.
On the ride home Tristan gets serious and says, “Emma, my yearly training for the Reserves is coming up in a few days. I just wanted to let you know that I’ll be gone for about two-weeks, maybe even more. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about this earlier; I just didn’t expect to meet you. I usually enjoy going to training, but I’m not looking forward to this one, having to leave you.” 
Selfishly I feel bothered by this news. Obviously I don’t want Tristan to go away so soon after we’ve started getting to know each other. But, pushing that aside I realize that this commitment is a part of what makes Tristan a guy worth getting to know. I give Tristan a reassuring grin, “Don’t you worry, I think it’s great that you are serving. I’m so proud of you…after what you went through and who you are now; it’s just very inspiring. I want you to go, and don’t you dare worry about me; I’ll be here when you get back…I’m not going anywhere.” 
Tristan gives me a smile and puts his hand on mine, “You have been amazing today Emma. I just really hate talking about my past; it’s something I try to keep hidden. It was scary opening up, I was worried you might run away and never look back.” 
“Tristan, your past is what made you who you are today…don’t ever forget that! You have to accept the cards you’ve been dealt. After all, look at what good has come from it. A family now has a beautiful daughter that they may have never had if you didn’t make the mistakes you made. If someone doesn’t accept you for that, then that’s their loss.” I said this point rather matter-of-factly hoping I could stress the importance of what I said. 
Tristan nods his head and gives me a small smile. “You’re right Emma, I shouldn’t continue to carry such shame. What’s done is done and I need to move on…Thanks.” 
I smiled back knowing at this moment words weren’t needed. We both opened up to each other and leaped over large barriers today. We both accept each other for our pasts, our decisions and our commitments. These are the things that relationships can be built on.



 CHAPTER 12 (STRANGERS)

I try to pull the covers over my head and force myself to go back to sleep. My efforts are rendered useless when my brain rouses and a thousand thoughts fill my mind. Today is the day that Tristan leaves. Over the past few days, Tristan and I have spent as much time together as we could before he had to leave for training. I don’t remember having spent so much time with anyone else other than Kaylee. We’ve spent nearly every minute that I wasn’t studying, outdoors basking in the sun and getting to know each other better. I think I’ve soaked up enough vitamin D to last me a year. 
I fear that my system may go into shock when Tristan leaves. Except for school, my life has been simply revolving around our times together.  I’m not sure if that’s a good thing or not. I think Tristan leaving could be, in it’s own way, a reprieve so I don’t find myself depending on him so much. I’m just not entirely sure what to do with myself while he’s gone. My dad will be gone for another few days and I will be practically alone. Alani will be here, but she keeps busy and on most regular days the only times I see her is during mealtimes. 
I’m not going to let my worries dictate the day so I push the covers off me and sit up determined to make this morning a good one for Tristan. Now fully awake I can see that the sun has only begun to rise filling my room with an orange glow that makes the purple in my room look like a muddy brown. I look over at the bedside clock to see that it’s not even six yet. Oh well, it would be useless to try and go back to sleep. My stomach growls as the scent of bacon and coffee drifts into my room, yum. 
I take some time to get ready then head down to the kitchen seeking the source of the amazing aroma that has my hunger on high alert. I find Alani humming a catchy tune while diligently laboring over the stove making an enormous breakfast for Tristan and me. I really don’t know how my waistline is going to favor after eating all this food. I have to give it to Alani, she must be one of the best multi-taskers in the world. She’s stirring gravy in one pot with her left hand while folding an omelet over in an iron skillet with her right hand. A visual image of Alani pouring coffee with her toes makes me giggle. I wouldn’t put it past her. 
My stomach noisily rumbles alerting Alani to my presence. She looks over her shoulder in my direction. “Hungry honey?” She asks jokingly.
“For sure! Alani, you know you don’t have to go through all this trouble. Back home my breakfasts usually consisted of a bagel with cream cheese or a Nutrigrain bar.” I smile at her letting her know how much I appreciate the effort. 
Alani gives me a gleaming smile. “Cooking is the best part of my job honey and eating it is the second best part.” She looks past me to the sliding glass door.
I turn around in time to see Tristan wandering in. Taking a seat at the table, he stretches his arms over his head and accompanies the stretch with a manly yawn. When his eyes meet mine a moment later a small breath of air escapes him, “Emma, you really look stunning today.” His eyes are wide while he studies me making me feel somewhat vulnerable. 
This morning I had taken the time to get ready. I took a shower, straightened my hair, and put on my makeup perfectly. I walked out to the garden and picked a pink hibiscus flower and wove it through my hair. The flower matched perfectly with my summer dress I was wearing. The dress is made of a soft cotton fabric that falls to my knees and has a string wrapping around the neck to tie it all together. I figured I had time to really get dolled up this morning. Plus, this is the image of myself I want Tristan to take with him when he leaves. I give him a flirtatious smile and twirl around in my dress giving him that come hither look. I don’t know if it’s the dress or the expression on Tristan’s face that makes me feel utterly gorgeous in this instant. 
Tristan waltzes over to me, “Madam, may I have this dance?” 
“Tristan, there’s no music, and your mom is right here,” I whisper in his ear. It’s of no use though. Tristan wraps one arm around my middle and takes my hand in his; he is a surprisingly good dancer, very light on his feet. I am really glad my dad taught me to dance all those years ago. I used to stand on his feet as he would glide me around the room. 
Tristan twirls me and then dips me back. My hair is nearly touching the ground as he gives me a short tender kiss. Then I’m quickly hoisted back upright sending my head into a spin. I’m not sure if it was the action or the kiss that made me lightheaded... I blush and then see Alani from the corner of my eye gleaming at us. When she realizes she’s caught, she quickly focuses back on the food, yet continues smiling from ear to ear.  
Tristan leads me back over to the table where Alani had placed a large bowl of fruit, steaming omelets, and crisp bacon. She even added toast with an assortment of jams, peanut butter and honey. I always feel like I’m at a resort when Alani feeds me; she’s just to good to me…to all of us. 
After breakfast Tristan heads back over to his house to get his bags and to change. I stay in the kitchen and help Alani clean up. He returns fifteen minutes later and I nearly drop the cup that I’m holding when I see him. He’s standing tall at the door wearing his digi-camo BDU’s, black boots and he has his duffle bag strapped to his back. I have to force my mouth closed. There is nothing like a man in uniform to make a girl swoon. To top that off, a man that I’m crazy about, is in uniform...it’s totally drool worthy. “Tristan, you look amazing.”
He blushes. Alani clears her throat, “Hey kiddos, why don’t I take a picture of you two before you leave?” I hand her my phone and head over to stand proudly next to Tristan. “Say cheese,” she calls out. She hands me back my phone and I thank her. 
Tristan goes over to scoop his mom up in a giant bear hug. “I will miss you.” He says.
“Me too honey. You take care of yourself and don’t pull any muscles or anything.” Alani says then gives him a kiss on the cheek. 
“Of course mom.” He says with a smile then turns to me. “You ready to go?” He asks holding his hand out to me. 
I graciously accept it and we head out the front door hand and hand. My deep blue convertible is sitting at the edge of the circle drive. I toss Tristan the keys and let him drive us to the airport. We spend most of the drive in silence, both of us pretending to be lost in the scenery. We must be at a loss for words; I don’t think that goodbyes come easy to anybody. 
At the airport Tristan checks his baggage; it’s time for us to say goodbye before he heads through security to the terminal. My heart starts beating with anxiety. I’m not going to see him for two full weeks, maybe longer. He must read the emotions going across my face so he pulls me into him. I rest my head against his chest and breathe in deep the smell of him. He still smells like Axe body spray and man. I catalog it in my brain so I can remember him while he’s gone. I remind myself, it’s only a few weeks, not forever. He lifts my head up to his and gives me a long, deep kiss. Everything around me disappears in those few seconds. Worry and anxiety melts away. He pulls away only enough to lean his forehead against mine. Eyes closed he sighs then says, “I will see you soon Emma.” 
“Yes, I can’t wait.” I say back to him breathlessly. We hug before he heads off to the security line. I wait and watch him for as long as I can. As he rounds the corner and heads off to his terminal he gives me a giant smile and blows me a kiss. Sure it may be extremely corny but I fake pretend that I catch the kiss and put it to my lips. He tilts his head back in a laugh then turns the corner with a wave. I stand there for a moment half expecting to see him come back around the corner but eventually I realize that it would be totally irrational for him to do so. I shake myself out of it and head back to my car all the while thinking how strikingly different the departure gate is from the arrival gate. The departure gate isn’t filled with joy and anticipation like the arrival gate. Instead it’s is filled with rushing people and loved ones saying their goodbyes or see you laters. It actually holds a rather depressing air. 
The trip back home seemed to take forever. I was thankful for the GPS that my dad installed for me; otherwise I would have probably been circling the island for days since I’m directionally challenged. Tristan had been tinkering with the language settings the other day and it was left on French. The French man’s voice called out directions that I couldn’t understand, but I was able to follow by looking at the digital map on the screen. I think I will leave it on this voice; the sultriness of it reminds me of Tristan. 
Back at the house I delve into my studies. I log off after AP English and right as I’m about to close my laptop a video call notification pops up on my screen. It’s Kaylee. I happily accept the call and smile as her face fills the screen.
“Emma, you look hot! Love the dress!” She exclaims.
I’m still wearing the dress with the flower in my hair. “Thanks Kaylee. You are a sight for sore eyes. It’s been a rough afternoon.”
“Oh, because Tristan left?”
“Yeah, I’m already feeling a bit lonely. It’s a good time for my BFI to call though.” I try to force a smile.
“I’m sorry lady! I miss you. If I had the money I would so be on a flight up there right now.”
“Yeah, I’m sure you would. We will just have to Skype a lot over the next few days.... Oh! By the way, check your phone, I’m going to send you a pic.” I sent her the pic of Tristan and me.
“Whoa momma! Love me some men in uniform. You look awesome together… So are y’all a couple now?” She beams.
I think about that for a moment. “I guess we didn’t really clarify whether we were exclusive or anything… Awe man Kaylee! Do you think we should have?” 
“Hey Emma, don’t freak out about it. I mean, obviously he’s in training so it’s not like he’s going to be out dating or anything. How do you feel about him?” She asks.
“I really like him. I mean, I’m not in love yet… I guess the time away will be good for me to get my bearings on how I really feel about our relationship. It’s all happened so fast, but I’m grateful because it really helped me keep my mind off being homesick.” 
I watch Kaylee raise her eyebrows at me. She says jokingly, “So y’all are not exclusive?” 
“Kaylee! You are such a goober. I didn’t say that. Anyhow, we didn’t confirm anything. I like him a lot and if that doesn’t fade while he’s gone then perhaps when he gets back it will be a good time for that talk.” 
“I was just egging you on Emma. I totally understand. After all I’ve known you for long enough to know that you aren’t one to make commitments lightly. You are smart to really weigh things out before jumping in headfirst. If it were me, I would have already been saying I love you and when are we going to run off to get married!”
We both start cracking up. It’s so funny how different we are when it comes to relationships.
We talk for another hour about all the happenings here, all that’s been going on in Texas and more. She updates me on the latest gossip back at my old High school. I tell her how I can’t wait for her to come up and visit so I can take her for a ride in my new convertible. 
After we disconnected, I felt a lot better. I’m not even sure why I was fretting so much. I like Tristan a lot but I am my own person. I can miss him but time isn’t going to stop just because he’s gone. I will be totally fine on my own for a little while. 
I look at my phone and see it’s about dinnertime. I head down to meet Alani in the kitchen. We share dinner together and I find myself enjoying her company; she’s so motherly. Although the dinner table seemed sadly empty, we were still able to talk openly to one another. Alani is just so easy to talk to. I found our conversation drifting easily from one topic to the next. We spent a while talking about my life back in Texas until the conversation took a turn somehow to Tristan’s childhood Alani dished out some funny stories about Tristan when he was a toddler. My favorite was the one where he decided to take off all of his clothes along with his diaper and escape from the nursery to run butt naked down the aisle during church service. Alani said that the Pastor with all the church members were cracking up so much they decided to go ahead and break for fellowship as opposed to trying to get back to services. 
Alani and I continued to talk even after we had eaten our fill. It wasn’t until a few hours later that we realized what time it was. I tried to get Alani to let me help her with dishes, but she shooed me out of the kitchen before I could get a word in edgewise. 
Back in my room, I try to lie down in my bed and pull out a good book but the faint sound of the waves crashing to the shore calls to me. I head out onto my patio and gaze at the sun setting low over the Pacific. It’s so breathtaking; even though I get to see this every day, I don’t think I’ll ever get used to it. I decide to take an evening stroll to get my mind off Tristan. I grab my sandals from my room and head out.
As I round the cobblestone pathway I’m thankful for the footpath lighting that was installed. It casts a glow just bright enough to see by, but not too bright as to distort the setting sun. My dad’s request to not go out after dark fills my mind but I justify the fact that the sun hasn’t fully set yet. Plus, it’s not like there are many choices around for finding someone to escort me. Alani’s busy with her housework and she deserves her own time too, it’s not like she needs to add babysitter to her list of things to do. 
I look back at the house just in time to see the outdoor lights kick on due to the setting sun. I raise my chin in semi-defiance and head further down the trail away from the house. 
When I get to the beach I kick off my sandals and run the sand between my toes. I walk along the shoreline letting the water skim over my feet as the tide rises. The mountains in the background create the perfect serene backdrop as I take a deep breath feeling the clean refreshing air swirl through my lungs. It’s so peaceful out here; I feel like I can lie on the beach and fall asleep. Back in Texas I had one of those tapes that sounded like ocean waves, but it was nothing compared to the real thing. There’s a reason those tapes are known to cause relaxation! 
I walk up the beach a little ways noticing the small fire-like balls again glowing up in the distant mountains. I really wish I knew what they were; it sure is escalating my curiosity. I watch as they slowly descend up and over the mountains until the last one is extinguished from my view.  My eyes drop down as I see the shadow of a man further up the beach from where I stood.
The sun has nearly set in the sky, but a slight hint of orange still clings to the horizon allowing me to make out his silhouette. Excitement bubbles in my chest. It looks like Tristan. But it can’t be, I consider. It has to be though, after all this is a private beach. Maybe he came back to surprise me; maybe his flight was cancelled or maybe they didn’t need him at training after all! 
I begin walking with a purpose towards him. I know it’s silly and he’s only been gone for like seven hours but I nearly have to contain the giggle bubbling from my excitement at seeing him again.  
When I’m about thirty feet away I call out with a huge surprised smile, “Tristan!” I can’t help myself; I run the rest of the way there closing my eyes as I crush into him hugging tightly to his chest. 
No... Something is wrong. I immediately felt a shock like a lightning current going from his chest into mine. It sets my heart into a frantic beat. This is not right! It takes me a second to register that and when I do, I back away so quickly that I fall back on my bottom. 
This is not Tristan. No, not at all! He doesn't smell like Axe body spray. I don’t feel the warm safeness that I feel in Tristan’s arms. I look up from where I’m sitting on the ground and stare up at a stranger. Only it’s not really a stranger, I’ve seen this man before, from a distance. This is the man from the beach, the one that disappeared when I was swimming alone. My heart starts racing. How stupid am I? Just running into some strangers’ arms. Tristan would never just stand there; he would run to me or at least met me half way. I’m now in the dark, far from the house, with a man I don’t know. I feel immobilized by fear. My dad’s warning circles through my head like a siren. I really wish he had told me the reason why I shouldn’t be out after dark. I don’t watch the news, so for all I know a serial killer could easily be wandering the island. 
The stranger walks up to me and holds his hand out in a gesture to help me up. Instead of accepting it, I quickly stand up on my own. I step back putting a few feet of distance between us. I look back towards the house. I can barely even see my patio light from this far away. My mind starts racing, thinking fight or flight? My body is shaking with either fear or embarrassment; I’m not sure which. I demand, “Who are you and what do you think you are doing on my beach?” 
As he looks at me I take in the color of his eyes. They are grey, not blue or brown but grey like the color of a churning storm. I’ve never seen eyes in this color before. They are startlingly intense. He replies coolly, “I’m Kai. I am sorry to alarm you. I was only taking a walk. This area of the beach does not belong to the Kealoha’s. It is part of the nature reserve.”
He knows the Kealoha’s? My nerves start to steady a bit with that piece of knowledge. He’s probably just a local from one of the homes up the street. I survey him a little closer. The tattoos I had noticed the other day are covered up this time with a black t-shirt. His dark cargo shorts along with his tanned skin makes him easily less noticeable in the dark. He couldn’t be a serial killer, after all serial killers aren’t usually cute right? 
I don’t know why I do it but I offer my name to him, “I’m Emma. Oh, and I apologize for jumping all over you... I thought you were someone else.” I start blushing from head to toe thinking about what a fool I just made of myself. I’m grateful that it’s dark and he doesn’t notice me turning red.
“Nice to meet you Emma.” My name slides familiarly off his tongue. “I’ve seen you before swimming but we did not get the chance to have a proper introduction.” Kai says seriously. “You know, you should not swim in the ocean by yourself; it’s dangerous.” 
I give a small laugh, “So I’ve heard,” thinking of the way Tristan reacted when he found me. 
“So, Emma, Why are you taking a walk all alone this time of night?” 
I take a deep breath and let it out, I feel a little frustrated. I’m not sure why, maybe it’s because he’s insinuating that I can’t handle myself and should be accompanied at all times like a child. Or maybe it’s because I still don’t know why I shouldn’t be outside alone after dark. I reply, “I just needed to clear my head. Furthermore, I am very capable of taking care of myself!” I cringe as I hear the last part come out with a bit of a childish wine.
“Emma, I’m sure you are a very capable woman.” I feel a little better that he calls me a woman and doesn’t think of me as a child. Not that I should care what this man thinks, I hardly know him. “You do however, need to be careful. The night does not always bring good things in Kauai.” He says the last part while staring off into the mountains.
A little shiver shutters out of me and goose bumps rise on my arms and my legs. “Oh, well I will proceed with caution going forward. Thank you Kai for the warning.” 
I see a slight nod come from him, “You are welcome. May I walk you back?” 
I consider this for a moment. He doesn’t seem crazy. If he were planning something for me, I am guessing he would of already done it. Also, he knows the Kealoha’s so I’m sure that they must know him too. He probably already knows where my house is anyway. I think of several different reasons why I could justify trusting him, but in the end it’s just a feeling in my gut. I saw something in his expression on that day at the beach that tells me there is no reason to fear him. Hoping my intuition is correct and that I’m not about to take a walk with a serial killer I reply, “Sure, thank you.” 
We begin walking back towards my house. We keep a considerable distance from each other, which is perfectly fine with me. That electric shock I got when I hugged him was enough for one night. Not that it was a bad or painful shock but it was definitely strange and unexplainable. I wonder if he felt it too. When we get closer to the house I stop and pick up my sandals from the beach. “So Kai, how long have you been in Kauai?” 
Kai stops walking as well just long enough to answer, “I guess I could say that I’ve been here all my life.” 
“Really? That must have been amazing growing up here in such a beautiful place.” 
“It certainly has changed,” he said sounding rather distant. 
Kai bid me goodnight and I ascend the path towards my house. When I reach the top of the path I glance back only to see him walking back towards where he came from. My mind was swimming; how in the world was I going to sleep now?



 CHAPTER 13 (WARRIORS)

It’s been four days since Tristan left and I feel like I’ve been doing nothing but schoolwork. My dad called a few days ago and let me know that he had some hot leads and would need another week on the big island. I was hoping to spend some time with him, but I can’t really be mad. His work is his work. Alani has been great though. She and I watched a movie and ate popcorn last night. At least I’m not stuck in the house all alone. 
I look over to my dresser and see my keys; they are beckoning me. Not really, it’s just my mind calling for me to get out of the house before I lose some of my sanity. I change from my pajamas into a pair of jean shorts and a purple tank top. I throw on a pair of tennis shoes and head out the door. 
Once I start driving and feel the wind blowing through my hair I hit cruise control and just let it ride until I see the turn off a little ways up the road. If my recollection is right, it’s the same one that Tristan took us down when we had our picnic by the waterfall. I feel a little twinge of sadness when I think about how I’m missing Tristan. The last couple of days I’ve had way too much time to think about him and about us. We never really declared where we stood when he left. Like, was he my boyfriend, were we in a relationship? Unanswered questions. I’m usually good at planning ahead, so I’m kind of kicking myself for not having clarified this giant question mark before he left for training. 
I slow down and take the turn. The road is a lot bumpier than I remember, so I take it slowly. Mud starts flinging all over my car and a little drop of it hits my arm. I decide to slow down a little more before all of my upholstery gets a mud bath. Once I reach the point where I can drive no further I put the car in park. I’m not entirely sure why I came here; perhaps to clear my head or maybe even subconsciously I just wanted to feel closer to Tristan. Whatever the reason is, I’m certainly not going to waste the gas that it took me to drive here by turning around and heading back now. Reaching in my console I grab my water bottle and a granola bar that I keep on hand for emergencies. I hop out and lock the door behind me out of habit; not that it matters since it’s a convertible and nobody’s out here anyhow. I stand for a few moments looking around trying to gather my bearings. Which way was it that we went to get to the waterfall? I asked myself. I spin around in a slow circle trying to figure out which way to go when I finally spot an area where the brush looks like it’s been pushed down. I start heading through the trail that Tristan must have cleared during his many treks out here. I follow the winding path through the many trees, hoping to God I am still on the right trail. A few points along the way I have to stop and look around a bit to try and find where the trail picks up. I realize I chose the correct way when eventually I hear rushing water in the distance. My heartbeat starts racing out of sheer anticipation. I round the bend through the trees, picking up the pace. I ready myself when the trees start to thin out. Reaching the clearing I see all of the glorious beauty and it takes my breath away just like it did the first time. I close my eyes remembering the last time I was here with Tristan and heat rushes into my cheeks as I think of the intimate kiss we shared here. 
I take in the panoramic view that I have from up here then head down the cliff side to sit by the water’s edge, near its base. The rainbow is here just like last time. I lay back resting my head on my hands and gaze at the spectrum of colors represented in the rainbow. ROY-G-BIV, I remember from school; Red, orange, yellow, blue, green, indigo and violet. The way they bleed together is perfection. 
Thoughts start clearing from my head as I relax and allow the sound of rushing water to lull me to sleep; a short nap couldn’t hurt. As I fall asleep I began wondering, does one dream when they are in a place made from a dream? 
Drums, I hear distant drums. I open my eyes and find that dusk is settling in. I begin to panic when I realize how long I must have slept. I bet Alani is probably freaking out. I pull my phone from my pocket. No signal. Crap! I stand up way to quick, which makes me dizzy and off balance. I have to take a second to let my eyes adjust and to gather my bearings. The sound of distant thunder fills my ears and I look up to see that the sky is filling quickly with churning storm clouds that are moving at a great speed across the island. Electricity lights up the sky as I watch a bolt of lightning zigzag across the horizon… Just great! I grab my water and my granola bar from the ground and start heading back towards the woods. I’ve got to get back before it starts raining. Which way did I come from? I can’t think straight. I look around me but I barely have any light to see the path. I try to open my phone to use the screen to illuminate my way but it doesn’t work. The light only pours out a few inches from the screen. I keep it open anyhow since it makes me feel a little safer. My heart starts pumping in my chest. I am so stupid, how could I have let myself fall asleep for so long? 
Kai’s words about nights in Kauai not bringing good things are brought to mind when I hear the sound of the beating drums again. They are probably about a mile away if I’m estimating correctly. I think back to when I was driving with Tristan and we saw the lights and heard the drum beats... I’ve got to stop thinking about these things and start thinking about a way out. How do I get back to my car? I make a decision and head straight into the woods following what looks like the path I took to get here. 
Branches and plants scrape against my arms. I don’t remember having to push through so much foliage on my way to the waterfall. My heart starts beating so hard I can hear it in my ears, or is that the drumbeats that seem to be coming closer? I look at my phone praying for a signal, no bars, not even one. Not only am I out here at night hearing creepy drums, with a storm brewing in the sky, now I’m freakin’ lost…and alone! I suppress the urge to cry and try to get my brain to think... What do I do? What do I do?
All of a sudden I hear a rustle of leaves only a few feet behind me. I try to open my mouth to scream but nothing comes out. I try to run but my legs won’t move. I’m paralyzed like in one of those dreams where something horrible is coming at you and you can’t move, I can’t do anything, I’m utterly helpless! I hold the phone in front of me trying to see what I’m destined for. My hand is shaking so uncontrollably that it drops from my hand.
A bolt of lightning illuminates the sky and reveals the shadow of a man only a few feet in front of me. It’s not until I hear “Emma,” pass through his lips that I realize who it is. Kai! I feel such a rush of relief that the air whooshes from my lungs, my legs move from the gluey floor that they were stuck on and tears spring to my eyes. “Oh, thank God!” I yell. I rush towards him and faintly see his grey eyes staring back at me. 
He looks a little panicked. I’m sure my face mimics his. I thought I was safe; Kai is here to save me, right? Boom, Boom...Boom, Boom... The beats of the drum are getting much louder; they feel like they are coming right for us. Without any explanation, Kai yanks my arm and pulls me behind him through the woods. We are running and I’m barely able to keep up. I keep tripping and he keeps steadying me and pulling me up repeatedly. Somehow his momentum is fostering my momentum. I try to run with all I’ve got even though I have no idea what I’m running from. Fear begins to permeate me as Kai continues dodging different obstacles in our path. If Kai is this panicked, it only puts me that much more at unease.
We break out into a clearing and I begin desperately looking around for my car. It’s not there. Kai looks around too; I’m not sure what for. He leads me towards a boulder near a cliffs edge. “Get down!” He yells. I obey; after all I’m certainly not going to argue. There’s something bad after us; I’m not sure what that something is but if a strong man like Kai is scared I darn well should be too! I get down and shrink up to the boulder trying to make myself one with it. He crouches down in front of me. 
As the drum beats near the clearing I see the first flicker of flame, then another and another. There are dozens of flames. The first flame in the lead is followed by perfect rows of four going back as far as I can see. Like a train, there is no end in sight. I worry that perhaps the forest is on fire until I pull my gaze away from the flames and down to what is carrying them. People! They look like warriors or soldiers, but their ‘uniforms’ are so bizarre. They wear earth-toned robes that drag against the damp earth. I can’t date the attire they are wearing but they look old... Hawaiian old. 
There are both men and women in the procession and they all keep their eyes straight ahead never deviating from their positions. They march stoically with each drumbeat in unison. There’s an eerie glow about them and I don’t think it’s coming from the flames either. These are not normal people; there is something desperately wrong with them. Different scenes from zombie horror movies pop into my head as terror rips through me causing me to let out a small shriek. Kai turns back to look at me, raising a single finger to his lips. I can see the fear emanating from his eyes.
He scoots further back towards me reaching his arms back and enveloping me in protection. I can feel his strained muscles contract against my skin; they are tight and rigid. He’s geared to attack and protect me if need be.
The warriors are within twenty feet of us, stepping in unison to the sound of the beating drums. 
“Get down as far to the ground as you can,” Kai says with extreme trepidation. I fall to the floor shaking from fear. A cold line of goose bumps begins to radiate down my skin. Kai falls next to me so fast I barely see him move. His hand sinks into the mud and his breathing is quickened. He reaches his arm over my middle squeezing me for dear life. The same electric shock I felt before pulses between us, but I’m too scared to really contemplate what it is. 
I raise my head just enough to scan the marching procession from where I lie. It’s close enough now that I can smell the fog permeating along the ground. It has an ancient smell to it; kind of like when you open an old book. 
The leader of the marchers is approaching as the drum beats loudly mimicking the fury of my heart. He wears the basic robe the other ones are wearing, but he wears the headgear of a tribal chief. He holds a spear in one hand and a torch in the other. I look down and see that the marchers have no feet that I can see, but yet they leave footprints behind in their steps. I’m so terrified, but I can’t seem to get my eyes to look away. 
The rows are alternating between women and men, all with their battle gear and ancient Hawaiian robes. There are a variety of weapons that each warrior is carrying. Some possess spears while others possessed weapons resembling: arrows, clubs, spikes, throwing axes and daggers. 
The procession begins passing us heading who knows where. Their faces are infuriating; they have a mission, and I don’t want to be part of their plan. Kai and I lay here, watching as the men and women march onward. Their torches cast eerie shadows across their faces making me literally recoil in fear. 
I move a fraction of an inch and in the same instant one soldier steps to the side. Our eyes meet; I am paralyzed with fear and can’t seem to look away. Panic and terror permeates through every ounce of my being. I have no idea how I’m seeing what I’m seeing. This soldier is the spitting image of Kai! I’m so confused so I look over to see if Kai is still next to me. While I’m relieved to know that Kai is still here and hasn’t turned into one of these spirit things, I’m still trying to scramble through my brain to figure out what the heck is going on here. I look back over at the ghostly image of Kai and see him glaring at me. Instead of a look of kindness that I’ve seen in Kai’s eyes, this soldier is looking at me through onyx black eyes, which display pure hatred and despise. Evil screams through my brain but my eyes are cemented and I can’t seem to pull them away. 
Kai senses my quivering body and looks at me. When he sees the direction of my eyes his face grows deathly white. “Emma, Noooooo…!” Kai’s spirit double or whatever the heck he is marches towards me spear in hand, no doubt on a mission. He begins changing the direction of the spear; the point of the spear lowers bringing it right down between my eyes. I can’t blink. I can’t breathe. I just stare into his eyes, which are shaped like Kai’s, but they are pure black with no white showing. Eyes that emit an evil so frightening and deadly that I almost scream out in terror. His spear is lifted back, readying itself to launch. 
Kai makes a move so fast I don’t even realize that I’m being thrown over his shoulder. He runs for all he’s worth away from the marchers, as fast as his feet will take him. My eyes are still locked with this horrible evil thing that looks like Kai. It’s like I can’t pull them away from him no matter how hard I try. He is running after us with his spear arched high above his head. He drops his torch and I watch as it hits the ground. He lets out a war cry as he gets closer and closer to us. 
	I scream higher and louder than any scream I’ve ever made before…it was more like an intense wail. I beat on Kai’s back wanting him to drop down; because if he didn’t the spear would kill us both. The evil soldier pulls his arm back and releases the spear. 	Kai reacts immediately to my thrashing and dives into the underbrush to the right of the path. We begin tumbling down a steep hill, rolling over each other again and again during our decent to the bottom while rocks and twigs poke through my skin making me wail in pain. We tumble over a huge rock jutting out of the hillside and I scream into Kai’s chest when I feel my leg breaking beneath me. In agony I grip onto Kai trying to maintain consciousness in hope that our seemingly never ending fall will end soon. A few feet later we finally hit a cliff wall and come to an abrupt halt. 
	Kai wastes no time in picking me up as he swings me over his shoulder again. I am in immense anguish as every movement sends spikes of shooting pain down my leg and though my entire body. Tears sting my eyes as I try to hang on to Kai with all I have left. My whole body feels like it’s on fire, the pain is so immeasurable that the only way for my brain to process it is for me to slip into a welcomed unconsciousness. 



 CHAPTER 14 (A WHOLE NEW WORLD.)

I realize that it may be rude to stare but I can’t help but gaze into Kai’s smoky grey eyes. I’m intrigued by their unique shade of pure grey that’s unmatched by any eye color I have ever seen. Moving to get a closer look I can see that there are specks of a blue so light and barely noticeable that it gives his eyes a sparkling reflective quality. Not realizing how intimately close we are; I feel his exhaling breath hit my exposed neck leaving goose bumps in its wake. Warmth spreads through my cheeks and I look down awkwardly knowing that I’ve crossed into his personal space. As if sensing my embarrassment, he gently guides my head back up with his index finger until our eyes are level once again. His eyes have changed and this time I can see churning black-bellied storm clouds in his eyes. Shivers run up my spine for what once was beautiful and intriguing is now mysterious and full of danger. I try to turn my head away afraid of what more I would see but he still has a hold of me forcing me to look into his eyes. Closing my eyes, I hope that he will get the hint and let me go. My breath hitches when I open them a second later to see pitch black eyes of pure evil staring back at me. The whites are gone and all I see is the empty darkness of an evil soul! Terror rips through me as I open my mouth and let out a gut-wrenching scream… 
That’s when I awake shooting up like a rocket from underneath the thin blanket that covers me. Gasping for breath I furiously blink my eyes trying to focus. Was that all a dream? Kai is at my side immediately. His face is contorted with worry and concern. My whole body is shaking so uncontrollably that Kai pulls me into him. I feel the same electric current that ran through us the last time we touched. It feels strangely magnetic and comforting. I’m stunned by how difficult it is to pull away from him but determination drives me with the need to see his eyes. Relief washes over me when I see that they are a pure placid grey with no hint of evil. I exhale a shaky breath with the confirmation that it was just a dream. That’s when it hits me, all of the events that occurred earlier in the night. That was no dream. The shaking wracks my body once more and I reach my hand up to my face to realize that my cheeks are soaked. I’m quietly sobbing and when Kai pulls me into his arms again, I don’t try to pull away. I can allow the current that runs between us to warm me. I can allow myself to feel safe, even if for only a moment. 
When my body is finally drained and I’m too exhausted to cry any more, Kai gently guides me to lie back down in the cot. “It’s okay Emma; it’s all over,” he says while he pushes the hair back from my face and wipes the tears from my eyes with the back of his hand. It feels like such an intimate gesture, but it doesn’t seem to bother me for some reason.
He pulls the thin blanket over me because I’m shivering. I try to gather my thoughts. The last thing I remember were those warriors…that thing…chasing after us. The spear pointed between my eyes... He looked like Kai! Then the agony of rolling down that hill into the cliff wall... “Emma are you in pain?”
I nod at first because yes; I feel sore. Then I remember the fall last night and I know I felt my leg breaking. What’s odd though is that it doesn’t feel broken. I move my leg a little underneath the blanket checking it out, it aches but it’s not unbearable and it’s not broken. That’s strange. I should feel a whole heck of a lot worse than I feel now. 
I look around a little and notice that I’m in a room the size of a large studio apartment. The walls look to be made of wood, kind of log cabin style. I see very little furnishings decorating the room. A small table next to my cot holds a lit candle and a glass with some type of concoction that consists of a steaming brown liquid, green leaves and a single red berry of some sort. “Where am I?” I whisper to Kai.
“You’re safe, everything is going to be fine. You’re at my home; no one can get to us while it is light out.” Kai places the glass with the brown concoction in my hands. “Drink this, you’ll feel much better.” 
I sit up and take a small sip; it tastes bitter and earthy. I scrunch up my face, “What is this?” 
“It’s tea. It will help you heal and it will help with the pain.” 
I pull the covers down to view the damage. I’m covered with scratches and bruises and my leg is bandaged from the calf down. What’s odd though is that the bruises are already turning a yellowish color and the scratches are fading almost like I’ve been healing for a week. My heart starts pumping with anxiety; I look wide-eyed at Kai, “How long have I been out?” 
“About fourteen hours,” he says simply. Kai pulls the blanket back up over me then pushes my hair behind my ears. It felt so simple, yet it was such an intimate gesture it made me blush. 
I’m dazzled for a few seconds but then I ask, “How am I healing so quickly? It doesn’t make any sense, and my leg, I was sure it was broken?” 
“Emma, you were hurt pretty badly. Like I said, that drink helps you heal. It will also help you sleep which will speed up the process. I know it doesn’t taste good, but you need to drink it.”
That’s amazing, I’ve never heard of anything making you heal so quickly. I follow his instructions and choke down the remaining liquid. I was almost to the end of the liquid when Kai took the cup from my hand abruptly then set the cup down on the nightstand. I look at him, my eyes wide in surprise by his sudden reaction. “You can’t eat the berry,” Kai said simply. 
I was about to question him but he quickly guides me to lie back down. I immediately begin feeling a tingling sensation throughout my body. It feels like tiny bubbles are fizzing through my veins. My eyes start to droop heavily begging for sleep. 
Then panic shoots through me, Fourteen hours! I grab onto Kai’s hand. “Wait…Kai, I need to get home! My family will be looking for me.” I slur to him, becoming increasingly drowsy. 
I try to sit up but Kai places his hands on my shoulders to keep me down and says, “Emma, I can’t take you home right now... I’m not certain that it’s safe just yet.” 
“What about my family Kai? I can’t just leave them!” 
Kai began smoothing out my hair, “Emma, you’re safe here with me. That is my main priority at this time. We will figure out how and when it will be safe for you to go home. For now though you need to get some sleep. We must leave before nightfall and I need you to continue healing.” 
I feel so lost and confused, and unbelievably sleepy. Kai sees the worry in my eyes, “Emma, there’s so much I need to tell you, but for now you just need to focus on healing and get some rest.” I can’t argue with him or my body, which is begging me to close my eyes. Kai gently runs his fingers over my head in a continuous petting motion until I fall into a dreamless sleep. 
“Emma, Emma, you need to wake up. We have to go now!” 
I struggled to open my eyes and notice that it’s nearly nightfall outside. “Are you taking me home?” I ask hopefully still trying to fully wake up. By now my family was probably worried sick about me. Alani’s probably called my dad resulting in him coming home early from his trip. 
“Emma, you need to listen to me. If you stay on this part of the island after nightfall that…thing…might track you here. We must go now!” 
I want to argue some more and insist that he take me home but the urgency in his storm-clouded eyes show me that this is not the time for a discussion.   
Kai helps me stand up from the cot. My legs are shaky and Kai catches me as they buckle out beneath me. I guess I’m not healed a hundred percent yet. He lifts me up into his arms and carries me to the door. “Oh, and Emma, don’t look down.” 
My brows crease together into a look of confusion. Kai opens the door and we step out onto some sort of landing. “Hold on tight, and whatever you do, do not let go.” 
I lock my hands together around his neck. While I don’t know Kai that well, I trust him. After all, he saved my life. Kai began walking to the end of the landing and onto a small bridge built of rope and wooden planks. I tighten the grip on my hands and Kai holds me closer. I feel the ground beneath his feet sway from side to side. Yelping a little I grip Kai a little tighter. The groans of the wood planks don’t help ease my fear of the situation either. Kai slowly makes his way across the bridge as I close my eyes and hold on for dear life. 
We continued to methodically make the descent down more bridges and small, rickety ladders, until I finally heard the sturdy ground beneath his feet. I open my eyes and look up in complete awe. “Kai, you live in a tree house?” I say a little breathlessly. 
“Well, yes, you could say that.” He smiles. 
I loosen my death grip a little and stare up at it. It’s magical. The dense forest trees were used in the most meticulous ways. There are many small enclosures that are connected by a myriad of wooden bridges and ladders. I instantly think of Swiss Family Robinson. “Kai, It’s beautiful. Did you build this yourself?” 
A small smile breaks across his face, “Yes Emma, I did. A long time ago…” 
Kai repositions me in his arms and starts walking through the forest down a hill towards the ocean. When we reach the beach I see a small canoe sitting on the shore. Kai sets me in the back of the canoe on top of a soft woven basket. He pushes the canoe with me in it towards the ocean. He continues to guide it until the water is knee deep at which point he gracefully hops into it grabs a paddle and starts rowing. 
I lean back in the boat watching the twilight change from a deep orange to a black night. If Kai hadn’t been with me I would have been terrified, being out in the open water in the dead of night. “How do you know where we’re going?” I ask while squinting my eyes trying to see anything in this darkness.
Kai stops rowing and leans back to fire up a lantern. He places it on a small built-in bench and then looks over at me. The light casts a beautiful glow against his smile that warms my heart a little. “Emma, I know this island like the back of my hand. We won’t get lost; I promise.” Kai watches me for a moment then turns his eyes towards the bow of the boat. He lifts the lantern before him for a second searching the shoreline then gets back to rowing. 
Like a moth to a flame, I become mesmerized with the back and forth rowing motion that Kai is making. I watch the flicker of the flames dance off his muscles making them look more pronounced and alive than usual. I have to fight the urge to reach out and touch him to see if he is real. Everything about this past day seems like a dream… or perhaps a nightmare. Pulling my thoughts from him I wonder where we are headed. After last night though, I couldn’t have cared less. All I wanted was to be out of reach of those…things. 
I leaned back and listened to the water being manipulated beneath the boat. The repetitive hum lulled me into a calm sereneness. I let myself relax into the soft basket allowing my mind to have welcome, hollow thoughts. 
Several minutes later the boat touches down on land with a scraping thud. Kai jumps out the side into the water and pulls it the rest of the way onto the shoreline. He walks around to my side, picks me up in his arms and carries me further inland away from the water. 
Once he finds a place to sit me down he heads back to the boat, grabs the woven basket that I was sitting on and sets it down next to me. He pulls a blanket from inside the basket and covers my legs with it. Then he sets to work diligently and methodically. First he places some logs in the sand and starts a fire the ‘Boy Scout’ way by rubbing two sticks together. Next he grabs a long spear out of the boat, takes his sleeveless shirt off and dives into the dark waters. Ten minutes later he comes back with 2 fish on the end of his spear. He ties them to a wooden plank with some sort of twine and begins roasting them over a fire. 
I find myself tracing the tribal tattoos on his arms with my eyes. I look at the one that bleeds from his left arm into his chest. With the fire hitting it, the tattoo seems as if it were alive, like it’s trying to take over more of him than it already does. I’ve never had a tattoo before, and I wonder if it hurt him to get it done. My hand instinctively reaches up to my chest as if I could feel the phantom pain of a needle. As if Kai senses that I’m staring at him, he looks straight at me. I advert my eyes and chide myself for having been caught gawking at him. When I look back up I see that he’s gone back to paying attention to the fish that are roasting on the fire. 
I tire of the silence so I start in, “So... Kai, are you ready to tell me about what happened?” I hate bringing up the subject, but I have to know what we were up against. 
Kai turns to me, “Let’s talk after dinner, shall we?” 
I don’t really have a choice so I just nod. 
When the fish are done Kai gets some wooden bowls from the basket and puts the fish in along with some different types of fruit that he brought. He hands a bowl to me. My stomach growls as I realize just how hungry I am. I dig in. The fish is amazing! It tastes so fresh, and paired with the fruit it’s the perfect combination of sweet and salty. 
When we finish Kai takes another blanket from the boat and lays it down near the fire. He comes back, scoops me up and sits me on the blanket. Kai sits down quietly next to me as I look up at the night sky, “I’ve never seen so many stars before. There must be millions of them.” 
“More like trillions,” Kai laughs a little then gets serious. “So, Emma, about last night…” 
I ready myself for his explanation.
“Those…things that you saw are called Night Marchers.” He waits for my reaction before continuing. “It is believed that the Night Marchers are an ancient warrior race that on certain nights wanders from their graves to ancient battlefields where they once died in battle. Some say they are looking for revenge. Others believe they are on a specific mission. They have been known to trample those who get in their way. It is uncommon for them to bother native Hawaiian’s as long as we lay down in reverence and don’t look into their eyes. However, if someone like you locks eyes with a Night Marcher, it could spark a curse that can only be satisfied by your death or with the capture of your soul.” 
If I hadn’t seen it for myself I would have thought it was a hoax or ridiculous. “Kai, the... Night Marcher... He looked just like you!” I still remember the shock of seeing this spirit that looked just like the man that sits in front of me now.
Kai looks down and starts picking at the blanket. A few seconds later he starts, “Yes, Emma, he does look like me...” He lets out a long breath. “He’s my brother. My twin brother Kao.”
What? This is way too crazy to fathom. “Kai, did they steal his soul?” I’m looking at him rather incredulously. 
“Emma, yes they can steal souls... Sometimes though people will give their soul. The reason for this could be many things: power, immortality, bargains or even sacrifice. I can’t say my brother’s motives for becoming a Night Marcher. Although, I can say that he is not good Emma. We must keep you away from him. He is dangerous.”
I nod in agreement. I want to pry more about Kai’s brother, but I can tell it pains Kai to talk about it. I inadvertently inhale a sharp breath as another realization dawns on me, “My father, he is on the island to do a documentary on The Night Marchers; we have to warn him!” 
“There are many evils on the island Emma. The Night Marchers are just one of many. As long as your dad has done his research and stays off the trails he should be okay.” 
I close my eyes and say a quick prayer asking God to keep my dad safe. “That still doesn’t explain why I can’t go home.”
Kai sighs, “Emma, I honestly have never heard of a person surviving such an attack. It’s different if you just stumble on them, but Kao, he chased you down. He didn’t finish his mission; he failed. I’m sure that this will drive him to find a way to finish what he started. You looked in his eyes Emma! You must never do that!”
“You didn’t tell me not to look him in the eyes!” I yelled back at Kai. The second after I spat those last words at him guilt engulfs me. I didn’t even thank him for saving my life and now I’m yelling at him, blaming him? “I’m so sorry Kai, I’m not mad at you, this is all a bit freaky and I’m not handling it well.... I want to thank you though... for saving my life.”
Kai blushes. “You’re welcome Emma, I would do it a thousand more times if I needed to.”
I don’t really know what to say to that, it was so sincere and sweet. 
“Emma, we will figure this out. We will figure out how to make you safe again; how to return you to your family.”
He goes back to his basket and pulls out a closed jar containing more of that brown concoction. He brings it back to the blanket and hands it to me. “First things, first. I need you to heal. You will need your energy and your strength when we fight this thing.”
I open the lid and toss down the murky liquid. I notice this time the absence of the berry. Either he took it out before he gave it to me or omitted it all together. As I drift off to sleep I have a vision of aquamarine blue eyes fading into a sparkling grey as if all color has been turned off and the world turned black and white. 
The next morning I wake to the smell of something wonderful emanating from the fire. I stretch out working out the kinks in my back from sleeping on the hard ground. The sound of crackling draws my attention and I turn my head to find Kai cooking something over open flames. Behind him the ocean tide is receding leaving behind a bounty of seashells scattered about on the wet sand. 
I waver between my interest in what Kai is cooking and my curiosity as to where we are. It was much too dark last night for me to see which part of the island Kai took us too. It’s even possible that we may not even be on the island of Kauai; we could be on one of the other uninhabited islands off its coast. I twist around on my blanket to get a panoramic view of what we are dealing with. As I turn, my breath whooshes out of my lungs rendering me speechless. My eyes have never before viewed a sight as indescribable as this. Words cannot do it justice. The small beach that we are sitting on is engulfed by sheer cliffs dotted with small tufts of clouds that reach towards the sky. The cliffs hold a multi-shade green hue, due in part to the small green plants that grow around its base. As I look ahead of me I realize that we sit at the entrance to an enormous, seemingly endless, valley. There are a few trees dotted here and there, but mostly it’s just the intimidating cliffs reaching towards the open sky. If I could compare it to anything I would have to say it reminds me of the island they used to film Jurassic Park. Part of me wonders if it’s possible that this is one of the actual set locations for the film. I wish that I had my phone so I could look it up on my IMDb app. 
Giving myself a quick pinch on the arm I verify that I am truly awake. I almost don’t want to turn my back to this scene in fear that the cliffs that reach out intimidatingly towards me might swallow me whole. They make me feel so small and insignificant with their overwhelming presence. Even so I turn around to face Kai and ask, “Where in the world are we?”
Kai stops stirring the food for a second to answer me, “This,” he shows me gesturing around with his arm, “is the Honopu Valley. Honopu in Hawaiian means conch shell. Sometimes, when the winds hit just right, there is a conch shell-like sound that the arch behind you makes.” 
He’s so matter of fact in his introduction of this majestic place that it leads me to believe that this is not his first visit here. “It’s truly unbelievable Kai. I can’t even think of words to describe this place. It feels like some kind of hidden oasis!” I crane my neck back trying to take it all in.
Kai grins back at me, “You know I’ve lived on this island my entire life and this area still takes my breath away.” 
“May I ask then why is it that there are no tourists taking in a sight as grand as this?” 
“Honopu Valley has many restrictions. Boats and aircrafts are not allowed to land on the beach. If a tourist wants to visit the island they swim from their boat off shore or from a nearby island. Some people do hike as well, but it certainly is not for the weak of heart.” He says seriously.
“Are we going to be going into the valley?” I ask a little worried that the answer might be yes. 
Kai lets out a hearty laugh throwing me off. I don’t think I’ve seen him laugh before, but it lightens up his otherwise hard features setting off laugh lines around his grey eyes. “I would not ask that of you today Emma. After all you were just injured so I don’t see it being in your best interest to climb a dangerous seventy-five foot sea cliff. From this beach, that is the only way into Honopu Valley proper.” He takes one more look at the scenery around us and then goes back to stirring the food. 
“Oh, yeah, I don’t think I’m up for that… Anyhow, what are you cooking?” I ask. It smells really great and my stomach rumbles in agreement. 
Kai smiles back at me, “This is something my mother used to make for me when I didn’t feel well.” He turns from the fire and brings a wooden bowl towards me. He squats down and feeds me a bite. Normally I hate people feeding me like a baby, but Kai’s action was so genuine there would be no way to take offense. I close my eyes and let my taste buds do the talking, “Yum. Kai, that’s delicious!” I hold out my hands hoping the whole bowl is mine; he hands it over with a giant smile. This man can cook! I scarf the whole bowl down in a matter of minutes using my hands since I didn’t have a fork. As I finish the last bite I look up to see Kai watching me lick my fingers and immediately I’m embarrassed by my manners. I probably look like a giant pig that hadn’t eaten for days. A nervous laugh escapes me, “I’m sorry Kai, it’s just so good. What is it?” I ask. 
Kai laughs and a big grin spreads across his face, “It’s made of a few things but the main ingredient is what used to be the Hawaiian State fish.” 
“Huh, I didn’t know states have special fish. I’ve heard of birds and flowers, but not fish. So what was Hawaii’s State fish?” I question Kai.
Kai’s grin got even bigger, “It’s called the Humuhumunukunukuapua’a” I try and suppress a laugh, but it’s of no use.
“The what?” I laugh. I guess not coming from Kauai can have its disadvantages. I had never heard a word longer than antidisestablishmentarianism but that’s a word I could never use in everyday conversation. “Well, I really liked the hum-um-uka…” Kai and I bellowed out in laughter. I can’t remember the last time I laughed so hard; my sides are aching. Actually, I can remember… Jumping on the trampoline with Tristan. An instant ache fills my chest. I’m flooded with guilt thinking about him and hoping that he hasn’t learned that I’m gone. It’s enough to know that my dad and Alani are probably worried sick; I don’t need to worry about upsetting another person that I care for.
My thoughts sober me quickly and the laughter is cut off almost instantaneously. Kai must notice, but thankfully he doesn’t pry. He just busies himself with cleaning up. I feel bad that he’s been doing so much work for me. I might as well heap the list of ‘things Emma is guilty of’ into a pile and jump in deep. I hate feeling guilty which makes me one of those people who won’t just sit back and let it roll. I take action. I’m determined to not be a burden anymore; I can carry my own weight and help him pick up! As I move to stand up, I realize that I have little if no pain at all. I feel nearly one hundred percent healed. 
I grab the blankets and start to fold allowing my brain to run a hundred miles per hour. Logically I can’t really explain how my body repaired itself at such an unfathomable rate. In fact nothing about these past forty-eight hours can be plausibly explained. I feel like Alice who fell through the rabbit hole and into a whole new world. Except the world I fell into includes evil night wandering spirits who thirst for my soul, going on the run with a man who is practically a stranger and being healed in less than a day of injuries that should have taken month’s to recover fully. Thinking back to the drink Kai gave me I wonder, could it really have been that liquid that healed me so quickly? 
I’m startled from my rambling thoughts when Kai asks, “So, I take it you are feeling better?” I look up from folding to see that he’s looking at me with a look that is interested yet concerned.
“Um, yes. I do feel better physically but mentally, not so much. This… everything is just a lot to absorb.” I say while gesturing to my leg that should be broken.
“Yes, I’m sure it is Emma.” 
It’s almost as if he is trying not to give out more information than what is requested, so I push further. “Would you mind telling me how in the world I can walk? I mean, I know you gave me that drink and stuff but there is no way that it could heal a broken leg this fast!” 
Kai’s eyes flicker for just a moment, long enough for me to see the hesitation in his eyes. As if he’s battling whether to tell me something or not. “Yes, the drink helped but honestly we don’t know if your injuries were that severe. It was an extremely intense ordeal and to say that your leg was broken could be an exaggeration.” 
“Oh, no you don’t. I felt my leg snap! Do not sit here and tell me that the feeling of my bone splintering in half was an exaggeration Kai! If that was an exaggeration then this whole past two days was an exaggeration!” I say the word exaggeration while furiously making air quotes each time. I can’t believe Kai, he’s trying to underplay my healing…but why? I furrow my eyebrows in frustration.
When I look up to meet Kai eye to eye I’m surprised to see that he has a look of shock on his face. He hesitates and then starts in. “Emma, I sincerely apologize. I certainly wasn’t trying to downplay your health. I had meant could be not is an exaggeration. I am not you and I cannot tell you whether your bone was broken. I just see now that you are all better and that’s what truly matters.”
I want to continue to be mad at him but I can’t because he looks truly sincere. I want to press him further but I realize that now is not the time. He is right, I am better now and that’s what matters. What we truly need to focus on in this instant is a plan. I allow my voice to return to a normal range before I speak to Kai again. “I apologize for over reacting. I’m just a bit on edge right now with all that’s going on. Do we have a plan to get through this?”
Kai looks relieved that I let the subject on my miraculous healing rest. He asks me, “How good are your swimming skills?”
I look down at my clothes. They are already stained with dirt and blood; a little salt water added to the mix couldn’t hurt so I reply, “Decent. May I ask why we are going for a swim?” 
Kai answers, “I have some friends nearby that I need to consult with. They have a little more knowledge of these Night Marchers. I think they’ll be able to help us.” 
That still doesn’t answer my question as to why we are going for a swim but I willfully let it rest. “I hope they can help us. Do you think we can find a phone? A way for me to call home?” I ask all the while wondering what Kai’s friends are like. He strikes me as more of a loner than Mr. Popularity. 
“Unfortunately we do not have access to that technology out here, but I will do my best to find an alternate way for you to contact your family.” Kai says sincerely. 
I may not know him that well, but I get the sense that he is a man of his word. If he says he will help me contact my family, which I desperately need to do, I’m sure that he will make it happen. 
Kai and I finish packing the few items we brought with us and load everything into the boat. Together we push the boat from the beach towards the water. Upon reaching the water Kai helps me in and then continues pushing the boat into the waste deep waters before jumping in himself. Grabbing the paddle he begins propelling us along the shoreline. I watch as Kai’s muscles strain against the force of the paddle in the water. I want to help, but due to us having only one paddle I settle for gawking at the scenery and enjoying the ride. All the while I can see Kai watching me in his peripheral vision as he works to re-angle the boat. Looking ahead I notice that we are headed straight towards a massive cliff wall. As we inch closer I catch sight of a small, almost unnoticeable crevice at the water’s edge. We near the narrow opening in the cliffs wall and I realize that it’s actually a cave entrance. Although I feel the nerves setting in I put on a brave stance and hold my tongue from asking any questions. 
Entering the mouth of the cave, goose bumps begin to form as the cool, damp breeze caresses my skin. Kai reaches under his seat and pulls out the lantern that he used on our boat ride last night and lights it, illuminating the small cavern. I send up a quick thanks to God that I’m not claustrophobic because it certainly isn’t very roomy in here at all. It’s only large enough to hold maybe four canoes at most. The waves inside the cave are larger than I thought they would be as they painstakingly jostle our boat back and forth. I try to steady myself as I look around noticing that there is a rather large fissure in the cave’s ceiling. I follow it as it dips down the wall and into the churning water below. Beside the fissure there is a small ridge protruding out from the back of the cave. Kai carefully maneuvers the boat towards it. He grabs hold of the shelf with his hands working fervently to tie the boat to a rocky crevice while keeping his balance in the swaying waters. Once the boat is secured he steadies himself and offers his hand to help me get out onto the ledge. The sound of the tossing waters beats in my ear as I give my hand to Kai. He helps steady me as I awkwardly begin to climb out of the boat. Once we both are on steady ground Kai removes the belongings he has on the boat and pushes them up against the ridge’s wall securing them from the water. 
I begin to question why in the world he would take me into a random cave. There is nowhere else to go! My heart starts beating a bit faster as my brain processes this. I nearly jump out of my own skin when I see something large and dark looming behind me in my peripheral vision. Relief washes through me when I turn to find that it’s just Kai’s shadow projected eerily on the wall. The flicker of the lantern makes it seem even more sinister than a mundane shadow. I twitch uncontrollably as a cool shiver runs down my spine. I am in a deserted place with a man I barely know. Nobody is around to hear me scream!
Breathe Emma, just breathe! Panicking won’t help me so I forcefully make myself inhale deeply and exhale slowly. I look over to Kai who is working fervently to secure everything. I rebuke myself thinking, why would this man go through such lengths to save me if he wanted to hurt me? It would contradict all the effort he’s put forth so far. 
I’m starting to get on my own nerves. It’s as if I’m not certain of anything anymore and I’m questioning and reacting to everything. In a single day my entire world as I know it has been set off kilter and it seems as if it’s been knocked off its axis and is spinning out of control. I will not panic. I’m stronger than this I tell myself. As I start to calm down I’m struck with the realization that I already feel a building trust with Kai, even with the lack of knowing little, if anything about him. After all he’s the only one that I’m in this with and I have to give him my trust, right? I’ve got to gain back the control I so desperately need and that means that I need to grasp onto something…or someone. 
Kai clears his throat and turns towards me wiping his hands down the legs of his shorts. I wonder if he could see the bit of fear that splashed across my face for an instant. As I look closer into his peaceful grey eyes I instinctively feel guilty for even having had those thoughts. 
 “So how long can you hold your breath?” Kai asks me inquisitively.  
“Ummm, I’m not really sure.” I say a little hesitantly. I am not sure where this conversation is going but it definitely makes me a little uneasy.
“Do you think you can hold your breath for a minute?”
I think about this for a moment. I used to be on the swim team during my freshman year of high school. It was…how can I put this lightly…a disaster. Our coach would give us swim exercises and we would have to hold our breath for the fifty meters of the pool. Coach would often yell at me when I panicked halfway through and came up for air. Eventually I worked up to being able to swim the whole fifty meters without a breath, but by the end I would feel like I was dying. That was also over 3 years ago so I’m not sure if I can still hold it that long.  
“I think so, but Kai you’re making me a bit worried. Are we going to be free diving or something, because I’m a bit scared of deep water? Especially when I can’t see what’s under me and this cave is very dark.”
Kai reaches into the bottom of the basket and pulls out two glow sticks. He breaks them open making the stick illuminate a neon green color. He ties each stick to a piece of string and puts one around my neck and one around his. He looks me straight in the eye, “Emma, you need to try. I know it’s scary, but the fastest way to get to where we’re going right now is to dive under the water. Don’t worry about being frightened; I will hold your hand the entire time.”
I furrowed my brow not quite comprehending what he was saying. Where would we be going under water to? If it’s the fastest way, what’s the alternate option? He looks so insistent and confident that I finally say, “Okay Kai, I’ll try; I trust you.”
A knowing smile escapes his face. He grabs a backpack from the basket and secures it to his back. Then he grabs a hold of my hand. I feel that electric current that is beginning to be a regular occurrence when Kai and I touch. It doesn’t hurt and it isn’t unpleasant; it’s just different. He squeezes my hand and says, “All right, on the count of three we are going to jump in…one, two, three…”
I hold onto Kai’s hand tightly and we jump from the shelf into the water. The water in this cave must be several degrees cooler since the sun doesn’t touch it. We both pop up to the surface treading water with our one free hand and our legs. I already find myself shivering. 
“Emma, whatever you do, don’t let go of my hand…understand?”
“Yes,” it was a simple answer but all I could muster at the time. My teeth began chattering as the cold water wadded around me.
“Since you will have my hand the entire time I will guide you where to go. But don’t panic; whatever you do don’t panic,” he reiterated. 
I nod my head in response. I try to calm my nerves, unfortunately I’m already panicking a little and we haven’t even gone under yet.
“On the count of three again…one, two, three.”
I breathe in with all I’m worth and hold Kai’s hand as we descend into the dark waters. Kai pulls me fervently trying to keep up the pace while I blindly swim with him. As we glide through the water, we make so many twists and turns that I become disoriented. I don’t know how much further we have to swim and the urge to take a breath is making my lungs burn. My mind starts reeling thinking about what I got myself into, there is nowhere to go to get air. I might literally drown down here in some random cave. I start flailing and tugging on Kai as the need for air ravages my every thought. In my panic I exhale all of the air that I had been saving in my lungs. That was it I think to myself knowing that once you exhale you only have seconds before you must inhale again. 
Kai abruptly turns towards me and I know through the dim light of the glow sticks he must see the terror in my eyes. In an instant his lips are on mine. The warmth of electricity spreads through me, sending an interesting tingle throughout my body. His hand firmly grips the back of my head pushing it closer to his so that the water can’t separate us. He then breathes his air out and into my lungs. I didn’t know that this was even possible! I voraciously inhale. As I feel my brain calm with the knowledge that I’m not going to drown now that I have air, I feel semi-hesitant to remove my lips from his. The electric current running between us feels so good. I know that I must pull away though since Kai gave me his remaining air, he will need his own oxygen soon. As I break away Kai squeezes my hand gently and then we push forward again. A few seconds later I see light up ahead. With eager excitement at being able to breathe again, we both head towards it with a new found energy. As soon we break water we both gasp in air trying to replenish our lungs. We are panting and simply staring at one another. My heart feels like it is beating out of my chest and my mind is reeling a thousand miles an hour. While that wasn’t a kiss we shared back there it seemed way too intimate and I’m afraid I may have enjoyed it far too much. Kai was breathing life into me…saving me yet again. I have got to be careful with Kai. With all the chaos we are going through it would be easy to start having feelings for him. Especially when he keeps saving me and we have this strange electrical chemistry between us. The feeling I get when I touch him can become way too addictive. 
Looking down I realize that I’m still holding his hand. I never let go. Even when I thought that I was going to drown I kept a hold of Kai’s hand. Thoughts of Tristan pass through my mind and guilt fills me. I pull my hand away pretending to use it to push my hair out of my eyes. The second that our connection is severed, I find myself feeling cooler and a little more alone. It’s such a strange feeling. As if Kai felt the same loss of warmth he looks into my eyes intensely. I’m guessing he has no explanation for these sensations we feel when we touch. 
We are jostled from our moment when a deep voice shouts, “Ahoy there.” 
I look off into the distance at a little bridge about 20 feet ahead. There is a man standing on it. He runs and grabs a stark white life preserver and throws it in the water landing a few feet ahead of us. We swim towards it and as we get closer I notice just how small it is; like half as small as it should be. I’m only able to get my arm through it. It doesn’t do me much good but I continue to hold onto it as both Kai and I swim to the side of what seems to be a canal.  When we get to shore I roll onto my back trying to get my breathing to return to normal. Kai sits next to me waiting patiently. I feel so out of shape. 
“Emma, when you sit up you will see that these ‘people’ are very different from the people you’re used to. I don’t want you to be frightened; they are here to help us. I’ve known them for a very long time. Also, try not to stare…they really don’t like that.”
I nod at Kai confirming I’d heard him even though I’m a bit puzzled. 
Kai stands up and gives me a hand to help me to my feet. Once I’m standing I gasp in surprise at what I’m seeing. It’s an entire city built inside this huge seemingly unending cave. With a Venice, Italy type feel, businesses and homes line each side of a rather lengthy canal. The cobblestone sidewalks lead out to townhome style houses with stoops in front of each of them. There are dozens of small businesses with signs advertising food, toys, electronics, jewelry; you name it, they had it. In the center of the town there is a large clock tower topped with a beautiful brass bell. Along with the beautiful houses and businesses there are dozens and dozens of people. Most of which have stopped what they were doing to stare at me.
I guess I can’t really blame them. After all, we just appeared out of nowhere in the middle of their canal in the center of their city. We are intruders. We are soaking wet intruders. I wonder why they aren’t staring at Kai like they are at me. 
Kai begins walking me towards the man on the bridge that threw us the life preserver. “Emma, this is a friend I want you to meet; remember, please don’t stare!” He says the last part at a whisper. Mind you we are soaking wet from head to toe, not exactly the attire I want to be in when I meet a friend of Kai’s. In an effort to make myself a little more presentable I try to ring my shirt out and only succeed in getting my pants more soaked. Succumbed with the knowledge that it is what it is, I plaster a smile on my face as we awkwardly walk towards Kai’s friend leaving wet footprints in our wake.
Once we are only about ten feet away from the man I notice something really peculiar about him. He seems to be extremely short and the closer I get the shorter he gets. By the time we are next to him I see that he is only as tall as my waist. I can’t help but stare when Kai introduces me to Adam. 
Adam sticks his small hand out in the air confidently, waiting for me to accept it.
I put my giant sized hand in his and stammer, “Umm, pleased to meet you Adam.” I’ve never seen anyone this small. I’m not very tall myself, and yet this man can’t be more than three feet...if that. Other than his height and unusually green eyes, he is quite ordinary looking with graying brown hair and a nose a little too big for his face. His clothes are plain as well with brown tweed trousers and an ivory short-sleeved button up. I would guess his age to be around forty or so which surprises me since he’s a friend of Kai who appears to be much younger. 
Adam shakes my hand with a firm grip…and keeps shaking my hand. It’s a bit awkward so I turn to give Kai a ‘help me’ look before my arm gets shaken all the way off. Kai swings his arm around Adam’s shoulders and Adam lets go of my hand finally. He’s not that big, but man can he shake an arm.  
“So Adam, where’s the ol’ ball and chain?” Kai asks.
“Ah, you mean Eve; she’s around here someplace running errands. You better not let her hear you calling her that. She may come after you with an iron pan again.”
My face could no longer keep the smile that is threatening my lips. A man named Adam and his wife’s name was Eve…classic! 
Adam looks over at me and gives me an angry frown. His face has turned red like he’s going to have steam blowing from his ears at any moment like in one of those cartoons. Grumpy Dwarf from Snow White pops into my head.
“Do you have a problem missy? Haven’t you ever seen someone shorter than you?” Adam asks while trying to stand up taller.
I give Kai a quick glance. He seems a bit humored in it all and steps back a little to see how I handle this.
“Uh, no, I wasn’t laughing at you…well not really at you. I just…short people don’t bother me…not that you’re short or anything…” Oh my goodness Emma, pull foot out of mouth! Did this guy have a short man complex or something? 
“I wasn’t even thinking about your…height. I was just noticing you and your wife’s names are very…intriguing.” Yes, I think that was the polite word.
The redness recedes from Adam’s face and is replaced with a giant smile. This time he makes me think of Dopey Dwarf. I’ve really got to stop comparing him with Snow White’s Dwarfs before I get into trouble and say it out loud.
“Ah, I see. Our kind, we love books. We have all taken on names of characters in the books we love the most... Hah! If you think our names are funny, just wait ‘til you meet Romeo and Juliet, now there’s you a couple you don’t want to miss!”
I smile freely now knowing that Adam no longer sees me as an irritating intruder. I was feeling like the cockroach that crawled up a water pipe for a while.
“So, how does the naming work? Are you given these names by your parents…or do you choose your names yourselves?” I inquired.
“Boy she’s full of questions today isn’t she Kai?” Kai gives Adam’s shoulder a squeeze and then he returns to my side.
“Well, missy,” Adam says in his deep voice, “we have our original names, Hawaiian names, but they are usually really long. Here, let me give you an example. Our King, long ago on this island had the name: Kalani Paiʻea Wohi o Kaleikini Kealiʻikui Kamehameha o ʻIolani i Kaiwikapu kaui Ka Liholiho Kūnuiākea.” 
My eyes got round as saucers as he pronounced this complicated name. I instantly thought of how long it would take to bubble in all of those letters on a Scantron form. I don’t even think they have enough spaces for that! Besides, how would you distinguish which one was your first and which one was your last name?
Adam laughs at my expression and continues. “We would get tired, and out of breath when we tried to get someone’s attention, so we decided to shorten our names up a bit. We still have our original names, but those are kept for ceremonies, business transactions and other important things. Also, for when the old ball and chain is mad! It wasn’t too long ago that we gave ourselves new names. Now, I know what you’re thinking...” He says while raising one eyebrow, “We should have just gone with a shortened version of our names; but what’s the fun in that? Well, we Menehunes, that’s what we’re called, wanted something different, something classy, and maybe a bit spicy.” He gives his hips a small shake and I stifle a giggle. “We made a huge hoorah out of picking new names. Everyone went to the town center,” he gestures behind him at the clock tower, “and held a drawing for new names. You see, as Menehunes, our favorite pass time is reading and we all wanted names from books, comics and magazines. We decided that we couldn’t just pick our names since most of us would be going for the same names and we would have many duplicates. So instead we all wrote down two names each on separate pieces of paper and dropped them into a giant pot. We had two different pots, one for singles and one for the married. We separated them because we figured that the married couples should have names that mimicked the names of literary and other famous couples throughout history. They had to go together; after all it would be odd if I got Adam and my misses got Wonder Woman. Anyhow, after all the names were dropped in we held a massive drawing. The ceremony took over six hours to pick everyone’s names. There was a lot of belly rolling laughter and there were some tears. I was mighty proud when the wifey and I pulled out Adam and Eve...our neighbors, not so lucky.” He kicked some of the dirt underneath his feet. 
“What names did they get?” I dared to ask. 
A snide smirk crawled up his face, “Let me tell you, the wife did not shut up for days about this one... They’re now known as Kermit and Ms. Piggy.” 
I couldn’t hold it and busted up laughing this time. Kai and Adam joined in with me. 
"Poor things, everyone else get’s normal names and they are stuck being known as the Muppets.” I laugh again but then think better of poking fun at someone's misfortune. “I’m sorry I laughed. I just don’t think any other name could have surprised me more.”
Adam and Kai glance at each other sharing a knowing look, “We’ll see about that,” Adam said. 
“Why didn't they just put in an appeal to change their names?" I ask.
Adam's face grows serious. "There are only two cases in which a Menehune can change their name: when they get married or after the death of a spouse." 
A shiver runs up my spine. That would be so sad to loose someone and then immediately change your name. "Oh," is all I say.
Sensing my unease, a grandfatherly smile spread across his lips as he begins walking towards the shops.
As we are walking Adam goes into full-fledged tour guide mode. While we meandered down the streets he named off each of the shops and included little interesting facts about the town. It was cool looking at all the different storefronts and admiring the intricate architecture. 
I loosen up a bit during the tour and let go of some of my inner self-consciousness. I never thought I would feel so insecure about being tall. While the people we passed on the street still stopped and stared up at us, they tended to look away quickly catching themselves. I guess Menehunes have been taught the same manners that we learned. Staring isn’t polite.
 When we reach the center of the town Adam begins waving his arms at a small boy wearing a blue vest up ahead, “You there, message boy!”
The boy looked like he was contemplating ducking behind a vendor to hide from Adam but I guess he discovered it was no use. He comes around a little sluggishly to stand before Adam who has pulled a small copper coin from his pocket. The boy looked to be around thirteen or fourteen. He was nearly the same height as Adam but he had a much younger complexion with a thin wiry build. His unruly hair was copper toned and he had large, light brown eyes and a short, thin nose. When he noticed me he stood up tall and tried puffing out his chest in an, ‘I’m-much-older-than-I-look’ kind of way. He extends his hand to me. I put my large hand in his and he gives it a kiss instead of a shake catching me a bit off guard. It was a little endearing but mostly just odd due to the size and obvious young age of this boy who’s trying to impress me. 
Ahem, he clears his throat and says to Adam, “I didn’t know you had visitors coming in today sir.” 
“Yes, this is Emma and of course you know Kai.” Adam replies. The boy nods at Kai but mostly just sizes him up as if he were his possible competition. Then he returns his attention to me, “Mornin’ me lady. I must say that Emma is a most beautiful name. Are you named after Emma Woodhouse from Jane Austen’s novel EMMA?” 
I wonder if he tries to throw out classic literature at me to make him sound more distinguished but his facial expression doesn’t show anything other than curiosity. “No, my mother picked my name because it means whole or complete. She had said that I completed her life.” I’m not really sure why I shared that but it brought some moisture to my eyes doing so. I can see Kai in my peripheral vision staring at me concerned. I shake the emotions off.
The boy didn’t seem to notice so he continued heartily, “My name is Mr. Revere, but you can call me Paul.” 
I try not to smile too much at the fact that he called himself Mr. or the fact that he is a messenger boy and is named after a famous messenger. I wonder if he took up this job before or after he drew his name from the pot. “Nice to meet you Paul.”
“Enough with the pleasantries,” Adam says. “Paul, I need you to go tell my wife, Eve, that we have two humans joining us for dinner tonight.” He tosses the coin in the air and Paul leans to catch it. Then before scurrying away he reaches behind him and pulls out a piece of fabric from his pocket. He covers the word on his vest that said ‘messenger.’ The vest now reads, ‘Occupied.’ I hold back another smile and thought momentarily of a port-a-potty. 
Once Paul is gone Kai leans in and whispers to me, “They don’t have phone service so they use messengers to communicate messages between each other.” 
“Oh, I see.” I say even though I kind of already figured that part out. 
Adam continues walking us towards the town square while telling us more about his people and their way of life. He let me know that Menehunes, pronounced meh-neh-HOO-nehs, are the first natives of the Hawaiian Islands. They built most of ancient Hawaii themselves. They are apparently extremely skilled builders who use their speed and teamwork to build structures in the astonishing span of a single night. They used to roam freely throughout the islands during the day and the night but when the Tahitians invaded Hawaii around 1100 A.D. they subdued many Menehunes causing them to flee to the valleys. The Tahitians were much larger than the Menehunes and did not choose to treat them as equals. For a while the Menehunes just kept to themselves and hid in trees or underground caves like this one. Eventually they began venturing out at nighttime into the cities that were becoming increasingly occupied as settlers flocked to the islands. The Menehunes saw that many of the new inhabitants of the island were good and not like the explorers who first came to the island. When they witnessed someone worthy of a good deed, they would go out and help them by building something for them. It was usually a home or fishpond or an aqua duct, something to help better the person’s way of life. The Menehunes would only do their work at night and in secret. They never revealed themselves to the settlers. If they were ever stumbled upon while they were in the middle of doing their good deeds, they would immediately abandon their project and disappear back to their caves. 
“Wow, y’all don’t deserve to have to be in hiding like you are. After all you were here first.” I say after Adam finishes talking.
“Well, Emma, many of us would agree with that. However, we don’t really feel as though we are burdened with ‘hiding.’ It’s not that we are afraid of anything; we’re just a private race. If we are not appreciated, we do not believe in sticking around as our ancestors proved by moving into the valleys and caves when the Tahitians came.” Adam says and then continues, “To be honest, Kai here is the only one of his kind that we socialize with on a consistent basis. You are the only human that he has ever brought with him.”
Wow, that’s a huge statement. If Kai is the only one they trust and I am the only one that Kai has ever brought to their home, Kai must trust me. At least enough to know that I won’t go and tell the world or bring in a camera crew and take videos for YouTube. “Well, I’m truly humbled to be let into your amazing city.” I smile at Adam and then look at Kai trying to send him a telepathic, thank you for trusting me, with my eyes. 
Adam nods to me and then looks behind me. I turn around and see Paul running up. “Sir, your wife says this,” he clears his throat and does an impression of a hyperactive woman, “Two humans? You need to get your happy butt over here and help me Adam! You can’t tell me last minute that you invited two humans for dinner and then expect me to cook enough food to fill their colossal stomachs!”
Paul then looks at me and with a blush says, “Emma, I don’t think your stomach is colossal.”
Adam clears his throat loudly and says to Paul, “Please return the message to her and state: ‘Woman, I can invite humans, monkeys, gorillas or whomever the heck I want to dinner. I am entertaining my guests at this time. Now grab those pots that I bought you for Christmas, that you never use, and throw a ton of rice in them; I’m sure that will fill them up. When we get there Kai will help by grabbing the big chairs from the storage shed. PS: Did I mention how hot you look today?’” 
Adam hands Paul another copper coin; Paul accepts it and scurries off to deliver the message. 
I wonder how he remembers word for word what they say without writing it down. I also wonder how much of it gets lost in translation.
Adam continues on with his tour taking us to the wall of Menehunes history. “So this is where we keep records of all the history of our people.” Adam puffs up proudly as I take in the large wall. It is about ten feet tall I’d say, and runs down the length of a block. It has figures of different people and animals carved into the side showing what looks to be ancient history. “This is where it starts,” Adam says pointing upwards, “and further down the block you will see where we are today. When something monumental happens, we have our artist come and carve a rendition of it on our wall.”
I look up at the vast wall and take in some of the artwork. It truly was a masterpiece all its own. Adam walks down a short distance and touches a particular scene. “This one was a monumental turning point in the history of our people.” Looking up, I see a pictograph of what seems to be a large ship landing on the island. “This is Captain James Cooks’ ship. Yep, he landed here in the year 1778 and brought the first westerners to the island. Because of them, the natives were rippled with disease that swept through the land; so many suffered and died. But, the Hawaiian people remained strong and that did not stop them from overcoming this terrible time.” Adam traced the ship with his fingers seeming lost in thought. Next to the ship were pictures of men, women and children with most of them lying dead while the other’s mourned their loss. “Not all the times were bad, no siree. The Hawaiians became unified shortly after Cook had passed. It was the first time our islands came together as one.” Grateful to move along from the scene that depicted hundreds of corpses, I followed his finger to another drawing showing a map of the islands and people holding hands. 
“Excuse me sir?” We all looked over to see Paul standing there winded and out of breathe. “It’s your wife, she wanted me to give you another message.” He cleared his throat and placed his hand on his hip as he spoke in his hyperactive womanly voice again, “Adam, I don’t know what you are trying to pull here, but I have so used those pots since Christmas. Have you seen the size of your belly? Do you look starved? You didn’t give me enough warning to prepare any food so just bring home some takeout.  I’m going to the spa.” 
Paul straightened his stance a little. It was kind of amusing to see how into the role of Eve he got when he was relaying her message.
Adam gave him a snide smile, “Really. Is that what she said? Well, fine, you tell her this then: We are going out to eat. I’m taking Kai and Emma to the tavern. If you want to see them you can meet us there. If not, well, enjoy your mani-pedi.” Adam tossed another copper coin in Paul’s direction. Paul heaved in a long breath and turned the other way walking with diligence to, I’m assuming, Adam and Eve’s home. I think I am beginning to see why Paul originally had tried to hide from Adam in the town square. 
Adam turns back to us and says, “Well, you must be gettin’ hungry; I’m starved. Let me show you a place you’ll never forget.” Adam turned on his heel and began leading us back the way we came. 
You could hear the Tavern across the river. Music was playing and the sound of glass being shattered added an unusual twist to the environment. Making it across the bridge the volume of the noise increased. I look to Kai for a moment wondering if he is feeling the same bewilderment I am. Kai takes my hand and gives it a slight squeeze. Something about him holding my hand gives me comfort. Looking down at my attire I am relieved to find that I am nearly dry now; it might be awkward to go into a Tavern soaking wet!
When we reach the tavern, Adam heads straight in through the door. I can tell though that we are going to have a problem getting through the doorway. It’s only about four feet in height! Kai goes through first crouching and walking somewhat like a duck. I laugh to myself and follow his lead.
When we get through the door the first thing I notice are the TV’s all around the Tavern. They are on every surface of the wall possible. Where I expected to see sporting events, I’m shocked to see reality TV. The Bachelor is playing in one area. Women surround that TV. Another TV is showing Survivor. As we head further inside we pass by three more TV’s that have on what looks to be Jersey Shore, Big Brother and Wipe Out. Looking around I count at least ten different sections with different shows playing. How bizarre, I think to myself, every TV has a clear case surrounding it. 
“So, what are you in the mood to watch tonight?” Adam asks, his eyes lighting up. I turn to Kai for help with this one. 
“What’s your favorite Adam, that’s where we’ll sit?” Good answer Kai. He seems to always know the best thing to say. 
Adam rubs his hands together and walks over to a tall pub table near a television that has a juggling act going on. When I see the red X’s going up over the stage, I know we are going to be seeing America’s Got Talent tonight. 
As I’m about to ask Adam what the clear cases that enclosed the TV’s were for, I hear a shattering sound behind us. Instinctively I duck my head to avoid being hit by whatever it was. When the shock subsides I look behind me to find that one of the Menehune women had thrown her bottle at the TV. “You don’t want her, you want Emily! Chantal isn’t good for you!” She’s red with fury as she stomps her feet like a two year old child.  “The Bachelor,” Adam grumbles.
An hour later I feel as if I need to unbutton my shorts. Dinner at the Tavern was amazing! Adam took the liberty of ordering a variety of dishes so I could try a little of everything. I am so full now that I feel like my stomach is going to burst. We continue to sit drinking coffee and watching America’s Got Talent allowing our stomachs to settle. 
Just as the thought that I’m ready to get down to business pops into my head, Kai starts in, “Adam, we need to go somewhere and talk about Emma.” It’s like he read my mind. 
“Come on, hit the buzzer; hit the buzzer! You have got to be kidding me!” Adam’s glass shatters against the side of the TV sending down a rain shower of broken glass. On the show an old man is trying to dance and he obviously does not have talent. We watch as the first X lights up followed by the second and then the third. Everyone in our section cheers, even Kai. I have never seen this side of Kai; he always seems so serious. I guess being out of the danger of the Night Marchers brings a side out of him I have never seen. I’m kind of enjoying it.
“Adam,” Kai begins again. 
Adam finally turns from the TV to Kai, “Yeah, I heard you. I just wanted to make sure this bag-o-bones didn’t make it to the second round.” It’s kind of hilarious to watch Adam; it’s like he thinks that by watching and screaming at the TV, he can actually help the judges decide who goes on in the competition and who doesn’t.
“Just put it on my tab Barbie,” Adam yells over to the waitress. 
“Let me guess, is her husband’s name Ken?” I asked jokingly. 
 “Nah, actually it’s George. Her real name is Barbara but she’s much too cutsie for that name!” Adam replies. I wonder if Menehunes keep up with politics and if there’s a couple named Barack and Michelle in the house. 
We get up from the table and Kai and I squirm through the door again back into the city. The gas lamps have been lit casting a beautiful glow across the city square. There are small boats rowing down the canal going who knows where. Couples are walking hand in hand talking about their day. It truly is so calm and peaceful out here, not like in the Tavern. 
Adam leads us to the bridge and we cross it watching the boats come and go. He takes us to a dock where we stand and wait. “We’re going to take a water taxi to my place. The wife should be back by now,” Adam explains. 
A small boat pulls forward coming to a stop next to the dock. It looks like an authentic gondola. Upon seeing it, I’m grateful that it’s a full size one and not a miniature one. It would be embarrassing to sink a boat my first time in this city. The gondolier, who is dressed in a long sleeve shirt with alternating white and black stripes, sticks a long pole in the ground to stop the boat from moving forward. “Ladies first,” Adam says. I get into the boat followed by Kai. There is a section in the front that’s cushioned and very comfortable. Kai and I are able to fit in the front while Adam sits next to the gondolier. Once we’re seated we begin gliding forward. 
I look around viewing a tunnel leading out of the main square up ahead of us. The gondolier begins whistling a beautiful tune as he steers us towards it. Realizing just how close I’m sitting to Kai sends butterflies fluttering through my stomach. I work hard to squelch the yearning to touch him and feel that electricity pulse between us again. 
We near the tunnel entrance and are greeted with dozens of small torches that have been lit throughout the tunnel system to guide the gondoliers. The ride is so peaceful winding through the streets made of water. Like our road systems on the main land, there are multiple shoot offs from the main tunnel. On the side of each turn off is something that looks like a street sign. I try to stretch my eyes to read them but they are too far away and the lighting is dim. 
We continue to make our way down the main canal for a few more blocks before the gondolier begins hastily steering the boat towards a shoot off. It’s not until we are right up on the street sign that I’m able to read its words. It says: Rodeo Drive. I point at the sign to show Kai and we both laugh softly together. I finish my laugh with a long yawn. I hadn’t realized how exhausted I was. Kai puts his arm around me and gives my shoulder a small squeeze. The warm electricity runs through us again and I nestle into the comfort he provides finding my eyelids becoming heavy. I don’t fight the sleep that comes; I just further relax into Kai’s protective arms. 



 CHAPTER 15 (ANSWERS)

My eyelids begin to flutter open. I yawn and stretch my body while taking in my surroundings. I’m in a dark room in what seems to be a bed, although my feet are dangling off the end of it. I sit up hearing faint voices from another room. Inching closer to the door, I press my ear to the crack. 
“You know we can’t face them; it’s never been done. The Night Marchers are relentless. They won’t stop until they have her,” said a strong female voice. 
“We have to do something; I will not allow her to be taken by them. She didn’t know what she did was wrong and Kao, he has taken so much from me already,” Kai said. 
Adam interrupted the conversation, “Eve, we have no choice. Kai has always helped us with anything we needed. He would fight to the death for us…if he could die. I don’t think it’s even a question of if we will help him; it’s a question of when. When do you need us Kai? We’ll be there.” 
I suck in a breath trying to figure out the oddity of the conversation. If he could die, I thought about this line over and over. I dismiss the statement, as I must have misheard them. I decide I've listened long enough and have more questions than answers, so I pull slightly on the door to make my presence known. 
The light streaming in causes my eyes to burn from being in the dark. I rub them softly trying to adjust to the brightness. Kai is the first to turn around from the table they are sitting at. He rises from his chair and comes to me, “Hello Emma, how was your nap?” 
I give Kai a half smile, “Fine, thanks. I didn’t realize how tired I was last night and I guess the boat rocked me to sleep.” 
“Water is quite soothing. Come with me, there’s someone I want you to meet.” Kai nestles his hand in mine and leads me to the dining room area. The home is furnished with much of the same type of furniture we have at our home but in miniature sizes. The couch and the table look like the type you would find in a kids furniture store. I spot Adam first at the dining room table. He’s holding hands with whom I would presume must be Eve. She is delicately small with light brown hair pulled back tightly in a bun. She’s dressed rather fashionably in a sequined top with flared out blue jeans. There’s no other word that I can use to describe her other than adorable. Not in a kid type way since she’s obviously in her middle years but in a perfectly petite fashionista way. 
“Eve, this is Emma.” Kai introduces me.
Eve’s large brown eyes widen when she sees me, “She looks just like her,” Eve whispers slowly a hand rising to cover her mouth. 
I furrowed my brow in confusion trying to figure out just whom I’m supposed to look like.
Eve corrects herself quickly and says, “My, my, come sit dear.” She gets up from her chair and hurries over to lead me to one of the larger empty ones. “Are you hungry? Would you like something to drink?” 
I nod my head. “I’m not hungry, but I would like something to drink, please.”
Eve goes to the kitchen and brings me a steaming mug of tea. 
“Thank you,” I say while testing the temperature of the drink on my lips. The tea tastes flowery like chamomile with a touch of cinnamon. 
“Emma,” Kai starts, “Adam, Eve and I were talking about your…situation. We are still in the planning stages of what we are going to do but we want you to know that you are safe here until we figure it out.” 
I give them all a meager smile, “Thank you so much for helping me.” The words seem so small but it’s all I can think to say. 
A knock at the door interrupts their reply and Eve rises to answer it. In the open doorway I can see the messenger boy, Paul shifting back and forth nervously. 
“You called for me miss?” Paul says to Eve but his eyes shift to me. I catch him in the act of staring and he quickly averts his gaze back to Eve. A crimson blush fills his cheeks. He’s so awkwardly sweet and I find that this goofy young Menehune is starting to grow on me.
“Yes, Paul, I did. Won’t you come in and have a seat. We have a very important job for you.” Eve shows Paul to a chair while Adam brings me a paper and a pen. 
“Okay Emma,” Kai starts. “I promised you that you would be able to contact your family. Paul here can take a letter to them tonight once it’s dark. So this is your chance to tell them you are okay.” 
I jump up and hug Kai, “Oh, thank you Kai!” I turn to everyone else, “Thank you so much for helping me with this. My dad, and Alani must be worried sick about me right now!” I take the pen and paper and begin to write a letter to my dad:
Dear Dad,
I know you are probably totally freaking out right now. I think I’ve been gone for three days at this point. I am so sorry. I would never intentionally stay away if I had the choice. I don’t have my phone, not that there is service where I’m at anyhow. I am safe right now and please don’t worry too much. When I am able to I will be home. 
I love you,
Emma
PS: Please tell Alani that I apologize for disappearing on her watch. Please, please, please ask her not to tell Tristan. I don’t want him to worry while he’s away. XOXOXO
I look over my shoulder to see Kai with his arms crossed over his chest looking flustered. I wonder if he read what I wrote, the part about Tristan. I pretend as if I don’t notice anything and fold the letter carefully placing it in Paul’s hands. Adam reaches into his pocket and pulls out several silver coins and hands them to Paul. 
“I will be back before dawn,” Paul states before turning on his heel to leave but not before giving me a quick bow. I stifle the laugh that grows in my throat.
Adam closes the door behind Paul and says, “In the meantime, Emma, you will be staying in Kai’s house. He has a little bungalow down here that he stays at sometimes. I think you’ll find it quite comfortable. The beds will be more your size.” 
I smile at Adam and Eve and thank them for helping me. 
Kai ushers me out the door and down some tall steps carved out of the rock. When we reach the bottom I look back and see that there are about twenty or so individual apartment style residences carved into the rock. It is so interesting how the Menehune people use this cave-like dwelling in different ways. 
I silently follow Kai down the brick path and through another tunnel. The walkways are very narrow and we have to walk in a single file line to keep from falling into the canal. The tunnels are lit by a series of lanterns which cast our elongated shadows against the opposite sides wall. It’s like a whole new world down here in this cave. Reaching out I trail my fingers along the tunnel wall finding it moist and cool. I imagine it would be tiring living in a place so dark and cold. When we reach the end of the tunnel Kai leads me out into a small private cave that has a stone staircase leading to an upper level. We climb several stairs before reaching the landing. In front of us is a cave wall with a single door made of solid oak. Unlike Adam’s home or the tavern, this door was more our size. We head inside to an empty foyer with a concrete floor and a spiraling staircase made up of polished cedar stairs. Kai takes the lead and makes it to the top of the stairs first. Because the landing up here isn’t very big, I have to wait a few stairs below him while He pulls out a key and unlocks a door. 
When he opens the door I’m quite surprised. I’m not sure what I expected to see; but it wasn’t this. The entire ceiling is made of some sort of clear material allowing the night sky to shine through. There’s a comfortable sitting area in the entry. As we walk through the house Kai shows me around pointing out the basics: the kitchen, dining room, bathroom and bedroom. The entire house is furnished with beautiful hand carved furniture. It reminds me of the Amish furniture that my dad and I looked at when we were picking out a new dining room table. That too was made by hand and carved from a good sturdy type of wood. When Kai sees me admiring the decor he lets me know that it’s all made of Koa wood and that the Menehunes handcrafted it. In fact, the Menehunes made everything in his house. “Make yourself at home Emma. I sent some of the Menehune messengers to get you clothes from your house. They should be back in a few hours.” 
While I’m not quite sure how they will be able to get into my house, I secretly hope that Paul isn’t one of those messengers. He certainly doesn’t need to be ruffling through my underwear drawer. Either way I’m grateful that Kai thought about getting me clothes. I’ve been wearing this same outfit way too long. When Kai turns away from me for a second I take the opportunity to raise my arm up and do a quick sniff check. Relieved that I’m not sporting some horrid B.O. I make a mental note to take a shower as quick as I can without being rude. I look down at myself and notice that my shorts and tank are covered in mud, dried blood and now have a fading white hue to them from the salt water. I’m glad that there isn’t a mirror nearby because I’m afraid of what my hair and makeup must look like. It’s amazing that the Menehunes didn’t snub their noses at my ragged appearance. 
Curiosity pulls me from my thoughts when I spot another spiral staircase extending upwards from the dining area. “Where does that staircase go, Kai?” 
Kai smiles at me, his eyes brighten in anticipation, “Let me show you.”
We climb the small staircase until we reach the top. Yet another door awaits us, but this one is unlocked.  I gasp in surprise when he opens the door for me. We are standing at the entry of a small room made up of walls of glass. The only thing that’s not see-through is the wooden floor and the door that we just came from. There are non-stop views of Honopu Valley and the Pacific Ocean. The view from the doorway confirms that we are extremely high up, which makes sense considering the number of breath- taking stairs we had to climb. Because of my fear of heights I have to take a second to let my brain process that this is a safe and secure room with no possible way to fall. When the vertigo fades I move closer to take in the panoramic views. We must be at least two hundred feet up. Looking down I see that this room is built onto a jutting off a cliffs edge. There is a sheer drop from the cliffs edge to the lush green valley below. Off in the distance I can see the golden beach where we spent the night surrounded by the intensely blue Pacific Ocean. I pull my gaze from the window and look at the only piece of furniture in the room. It’s a wooden porch swing with just enough room for two. Potted plants with exotic flowers in pink and purple hues surround it on either side. The beauty of this room with its views is almost overwhelming. I could stay here for hours and just gaze out at the land and ocean before me. 
Kai comes up from behind me, “Do you like it?” 
I simply nodded my head unable to come up with words to describe just how much I like it. 
Kai laughs softly in my ear, “I’m so glad I finally get to share this room with someone, especially you.” His breath on my neck sends goose bumps across my arms. I feel an intense desire to touch him and feel that electrical current again, but I withstand it and put my hands in my pockets instead.
Kai motions for me to sit in the swing. “I’ll be right back.” Kai heads back down the stairs allowing me some time to gaze at the night sky and ponder the conversation I overheard earlier today. I still can’t figure out what Adam meant by ‘if you could die?’ My thoughts are cut short when Kai returns a few minutes later with two steaming mugs. He hands one to me and then settles in next to me on the swing. 
“Kai, your home is very enchanting.” I say quietly while still staring off into the night sky.
“Thank you. When the Menehunes designed it for me they made it much different than their homes. For starters, I’m sure you noticed that they don’t have any windows,” Kai says. 
“I did notice that... No windows, they only go out at night... Is there something you aren’t telling me? They aren’t miniature vampires are they?” I turn my attention towards him and give him my best teasing expression.
Kai gives me a serious look and I open my eyes wide in surprise, before he laughs. “No vampires here. They are a different species from us. Their skin does not require Vitamin D like ours does. In fact, too much sun exposure makes them exhausted and sleepy. This city within a cave is very ideal for their needs. Me on the other hand, I need to have some sun. Sometimes I’m here for weeks at a time. I couldn’t handle being away from the outdoors for that long without some rays coming through.”
“So they built you windows.” I look around at the structure that surrounds me, marveling at their exquisite work. “They are extraordinary people, the Menehunes. I have to be honest Kai...” I start nervously fidgeting with my mug. “I overheard some of your conversation when I woke from my nap.” I feel bad changing the subject so abruptly but this has been weighing on me since we left Adam and Eve’s home. 
“Oh, I’m sure you must have many questions then. Emma, I am an open book, I want you to trust me. Please ask me anything you need to know.” 
I wonder if he really means it. He wasn’t a hundred percent open when I asked about why I healed so quickly from my injuries. I decide to dive in anyway since Kai has apparently given me a green flag. “Well, first I heard Adam and Eve say that they will help us figure out a way to free me from this Night Marcher disaster. Do we have any type of plan? Please don’t think I’m ungrateful for all you are doing for me, but I can’t just hide here forever. I have a family, friends, a whole life that is in the waiting.” I say softly pleading.
“We are working on it. There are some scholars here that Adam is reaching out to tonight who have much knowledge on The Night Marchers. I can only imagine that you must miss your family a lot. I’m so sorry that you have to be dragged into this. I should have done a better job of protecting you Emma. I should have warned you to keep your eyes down.” Kai looks away from me, his posture gone rigid and his hands balled into fists. 
He turns back to me as I begin, “No Kai! You can’t blame yourself! You protected me. You barely even knew me, and you went out of your way to save me. You are still going out of your way bringing me here. I can’t seem to understand you. I’m burdening you and you are the one apologizing. I should be the one apologizing. I am so sorry... I’m sorry that I got lost...that I went out there alone...that I dragged you into this...that I looked at that thing... I mean your brother...in the eyes... I’m so very sorry for everything.” I turn my face away as tears of frustration fill my eyes. I don’t think I really let it hit me until now. This is so crazy, this situation that we’re in. It’s not normal, it’s nuts! If I were to tell a police officer what I’ve seen, what we are running from and where I’m hiding out, who would ever, could ever believe it? I would be put in a nut house for sure! On top of trying to process everything, I feel like a dead weight, like I’m weighing Kai’s life down. He must have his own life, better things to do than run around with me trying to break a curse that I inflicted on myself. The pride inside me says that I should let him go on with his life while I deal with this on my own, stop dragging him down. I’ve already stolen three days from him. The fearfulness inside me stops me from doing such a thing because deep down I know that I’m not capable of dealing with this on my own. Even if in the end, there is no way to break the curse, at least I’m not alone, for now. 
Kai reaches up and gently guides my face back towards him so I can meet his eyes. Warmth surges through me as he looks straight into me; a look of longing is in his eyes. The look he gives me is what someone who has known you for years would give you. He says kindly yet firm, “Emma, you will not apologize. This is not your fault. You are a victim. I apologized to you because I failed you.” 
“No, Kai...” I start to say and then he gives me a look that basically tells me to stop talking because he’s not through yet.
“I failed you because I saw what would happen, I could have stopped it, but I just didn’t pay enough attention. I was given all the tools to protect you but I failed.” He looks down angrily at himself.
“What are you talking about? You saw what happen? That makes no sense.” I ask confused.
“Emma, haven’t you wondered why I was there? Why I was there in the woods that night when the Night Marchers came?”
I had not even thought about that. I’m sure that eventually the question would have popped into my head, but with all that’s been going on it hasn’t. “Why?” I ask.
“It’s really hard to explain... I saw you... I mean... Look Emma, this is really hard to describe because it doesn’t make much sense and it’s a bit unbelievable... I don’t want you to think I’m crazy.” Kai is stumbling trying to figure out how to say what he wants to say.
Humph! Think he’s crazy? I doubt anything he could say could be more outrageous than a spirit warrior...who happens to be his twin, trying to kill me and miniature people living in a secret underground cave. “Kai, we have been through a lot in the past two days. I have seen things that I could never explain to most people. I need you to be honest with me and answer this. I promise to keep an open mind. I will not think you are crazy.” 
“OK, where do I start...I guess I will just spit it out. The first time on the beach when you were swimming it was not an accident that I was there. I did not just stumble upon you. I was there on purpose to protect you. I had been told to protect you.”
“Protect me? From what? Who told you to? Wait, did my Dad hire you? Or did the Kealoha’s tell you to protect me?” I pressed my questions towards Kai all at once as my mind reels for answers.
“No, I wasn’t hired,” Kai pauses looking for the right words to continue. “I had a vision. I’ve been having these visions for years. Normally when I dream I see things...things that can’t be explained. I have been having visions of you for a while. Before I even knew who you were. I thought those visions were of someone I knew long ago... They were always of you on the shore by your home. You would be swimming peacefully by yourself. I would watch you from the shore but always in the back of my mind I could sense danger. Every day for years I would walk up and down that beach looking for you, and one day there you were. The first time I saw you, it was the day you were trying to surf.”
I gasp in embarrassment. “You saw that?”
He looks down almost shyly and replies, “Yes. I didn’t stay long when I saw that you were okay and that the boy there was helping you.” 
I almost think I see a flinch when he mentions the boy who was helping me, Tristan. I don’t ponder on it too long when a thought pops into my head and my face turns beet red. Oh no! “Are you the one… that…oh my goodness.” I just can’t even put the sentence together. My bikini bottoms!
“Um, yes. I had gone for another walk later that afternoon and they had washed ashore. I promise I saw nothing else.” Kai says. His face showing he was just as embarrassed as I was.
I keep my eyes averted. I was grateful when he picked back up where he left off and continued on seriously, “I saw you again the next day. Just like the vision I had, you were swimming peacefully by yourself. I sensed danger so I was bracing myself to jump in after you when the wave overtook you. I decided against it when I saw you breakwater. I also figured I might startle you more than anything if you saw a stranger swimming out to you. So I watched...and waited to make sure you were okay. That’s when you noticed me. I didn’t want to leave, I wanted to meet you but I had heard the boy from the previous day coming down the path.” This time I’m nearly positive that I saw him flinch when he mentioned Tristan. Kai continues, “I hid behind some brush when you began coming to shore so neither of you could see me. After that day I followed you, making sure you were safe. I had to know who you were, you remind me so much of....” He looks away from me avoiding my gaze.
“Who? Who do I remind you of Kai?” I remembered earlier when Eve said something at their house. About me looking just like her. I began pressing Kai with my gaze hoping he would answer me.
“Heleya.” A pained expression overtakes his face and in that instant I want to comfort him. He looks tortured saying that single name. I almost want to tell him that he doesn’t need to continue but I know that I need to hear this. I need to know this. I allow him a minute to collect himself. “She was my fiancé.”
“Was?” For some reason I feel a twinge of jealousy when I hear that Kai had a fiancé. 
“Yes, she’s been gone for many years.” Kai says and looks at me expectantly waiting for a reaction. I search his eyes but no words come to mind. My brain is trying to process the fact that Kai had a fiancé and that she’s been gone for years...Years? He couldn’t be much older than me. However, his mannerisms are that of someone much older. His eyes look so much wiser than a normal teenager. Perhaps he just looks young... What if he’s older than I thought? I am conflicted about this. I feel attracted to this man for some strange reason, kind of like we are two magnets that have drawn together. If he’s like thirty or something that would be sick, wouldn’t it? 
“There are many things about me that you don’t know Emma. Things I’m not sure you’re ready to hear.” Kai looks at me longingly. His stormy grey eyes are filled with conflict and emotions. 
“Kai,” I reach my hand up and run it gently through his jet-black hair trying to give him the comfort he so desperately needed to continue. 
As if the electricity that runs between us jump-started him I watch as a look of determination crosses over his face. “I’m not like other people. I’ve been on this earth a long time. Too long...” He stops talking to gage my reaction. I don’t give in; I want to know more. “The year was 1654.” 
I can’t stifle the gasp of air my lungs require upon hearing that. When I see him looking at me worriedly I correct my expression and beg him with my eyes to continue. 
“Heleya was killed the eve of our wedding day. She was murdered...” Kai’s hands ball into fists of anger, “...by my brother.” 
I want to reach out and touch Kai but I see that he needs to get this out and this is not the time for comfort.
“Emma, she was only sixteen! He murdered her...because of jealousy! He hated that she was betrothed to me. He hated anything that had to do with me. He wanted her; he wanted everything I had. I did nothing to deserve his wrath or his hatred. He was born with it Emma. My parents sensed it. The chief sensed it. He was born with evil in his heart.” Kai is shaking and his knuckles are turning white from how hard he is clenching his hands. He stands up beginning to pace the room.
“I found her in the woods. He had left her there to die with a spear wound in her stomach. She had lost so much blood. I cradled her in my arms begging her to hold on. I screamed for help. As she started to fade away I begged her to tell me who did this to her so I could avenge her. Quietly she said with her last breath ‘Kao.’ My brother. I stayed there in the woods holding Heleya in my arms rocking her back and forth. Praying that she would come back to me. It wasn’t for another two hours that some people from my village found me there. I carried Heleya’s cold body all the way back to our village. We buried her that night...” A tear falls down Kai’s cheek.
“Kao never came home. We never heard from him again. I didn’t speak, eat or do anything for a week. It wasn’t until my Chief passed away that I spoke again. Chief Keli’ilani was like a father to me. Kao and I had been orphaned by both of our parents when we were three. Chief Keli’ilani took us both in. He raised us and taught us to be warriors. The Chief never had any children of his own. He was grooming us from the beginning so that one of us could take his place. A year before his death he had made the decision final. He had chosen me as an heir to take over as chief in the event that he passed away. This spurred Kao’s hatred for me even more. He had wanted to lead our tribe. The Chief could see inside Kao’s soul and he saw the darkness that had overtaken his heart. This is why he was not chosen even though he was older than me by a few minutes...” 
I stand up and walk over to Kai pulling him into my arms. His body is rigid and wrought with tension. He gently pushes me away and says, “Emma, I need to finish telling you this otherwise it will never come out,” I nod and then return to my seat.
Kai takes a deep breath and continues. “It is our tradition that when a Chief dies a warrior is to take his bones and bury them in secret. It is a great honor to be chosen but also a great sacrifice as the warrior must commit suicide after the burial. This is to protect the secret of the bones’ location. You see, occasionally we have a Chief that holds great power within. Our people believe that after death these bones hold an even greater power, ‘mana,’ that cannot be exploited by any human.” 
Kai walks over, sits back down next to me and continues. “The process of the Elders choosing the warrior takes weeks. During this time the Chief’s body and bones are being prepped for burial. The night before we were to gather to find out whom the chosen warrior was; I entered the Elders tent. I had lost so much. I felt as though I could no longer go on. I requested that they choose me for this mission. They were very much against this request. After all, I had been chosen to succeed as the new Chief. They pleaded with me to withdraw my request. I refused to stand down and pleaded with them earnestly. They sent me from the tent so they could deliberate. The following morning at dawn our tribe met in the center of our village. The head elder stepped forward and announced my name as the warrior who would be taking our Chiefs’ bones to their final resting place...” Kai starts pacing the room, finishing his story. 
“I stepped forward with full confidence that this was my purpose, my lot in life. After a small ceremony I headed out on my journey to find a safe place to burry my Chief. Other than a nap sack slung across my back, I brought nothing with me. I needed nothing to bring into the next life with me. It took a day’s journey to get from my village to the place where I decided to bury his bones. I buried them at the base of a tree. After I paid my respects I stood up to complete my mission. I noticed that the tree had a single berry growing on it. As one last human moment, I ate of the tree; it’s only berry. I then steadied myself and headed to a cliffs edge. The cliff overlooked the water. As I watched the sun setting below the horizon I stepped out into the nothingness...” Kai sighs. “I must have fallen several hundred feet to the ocean below. I don’t remember hitting the water; I must have blacked out moments before. I do remember waking up on the shore of a beach. I was surrounded by three Menehunes; one of them was Adam.” 
I’m surprised by that last part. Not that the whole story in itself wasn’t surprising. This would mean that Adam is as old if not older than Kai. 
“They must have dragged me from the water onto the beach. They later told me that I had been laying face down in the water for several minutes. It took them a while to get down from the cliff to rescue me. They were assured that there was no way I could have been alive. I surprised them all when I awoke. I didn’t hurt or have a single side effect from the long fall. Once I realized I was still alive I jumped up and ran back into the forest. I knew that I could not speak to these people whom I had never seen before. I had to protect the mana. For days I tried numerous ways to fulfill my duty. I tried to jump from another cliff onto rocks below instead of the ocean. Just like the previous time I awoke a few hours later with no injuries. I swam out into the ocean as far as my body would allow me to, until I could no longer move my arms or legs due to fatigue. I remember slipping beneath the water and closing my eyes as I welcomed the incoming water into my lungs. Again I blacked out. I later awoke and found myself washed up on the beach. I tried many other ways of dying but none worked. I had no idea why this was happening to me. Why I was cursed and could not fulfill my mission. I finally gave up and wandered destitute throughout the valley.” 
“I had no idea what to do. I could not go back home. I had failed my mission. In addition, I could not risk the possibility of any of my tribe members trying to find the location of our Chiefs’ bones. Later the Menehunes found me again wandering. They took me in. I’m not sure why I trusted them, but I knew deep down that they were good. They never asked what happened to me or pried. I lived with them for many, many years. As the years passed and most of my tribe members were gone, I was able to go into town more. I would help the Menehunes with the tasks they could not do like acquiring certain supplies and trading or selling their products. Over those years I solidified my relationship with Adam. He was like the brother I always needed...”
“Emma, I’ve questioned and wracked my mind for hundreds of years trying to figure out why. Why did all of that happen to me? Why am I still here? Why am I cursed to wander this island? Why have I not died?” Kai is shaking and closes his eyes in pain.
As I watch him tears begin streaming down my face. They are tears of sadness for his fate and tears of confusion as my brain is still trying to process all that he has told me. How he can still be alive after all that he has tried to do? How he has not aged? How he can keep going day after day after having experienced what would shut the average person down? Then on top of everything I apparently look like his dead fiancé? How bizarre is that? This whole thing is so farfetched. What if I’m going crazy? What if Kai is insane and has somehow made this all up in his head? I’m not sure what I believe. 
Kai looks up and into my eyes. It’s as if he can sense my emotions, my questions, and my wonderment. He sets a focused look on his face and grasps my hand pulling me swiftly from the swing and down the stairs out of this beautiful room that is full of so much sadness and sorrow now. 
“Emma, I need you to believe me; I need you to trust me.” 
I can’t lie to him and say that I do believe him and that I one hundred percent trust him. I should after he has saved my life so many times. I should after he has barred his soul to me. I am just too lost to know right now what I feel or what I believe. My eyes have seen too much over the past few days and my ears have now heard too many things that shake my existence. My norm. 
Kai leads me into the kitchen and pulls out a large knife. It glistens in the dim light emanating from the moon above. My heart begins to race as I try to comprehend what he’s about to do.
Kai looks at me and gives me a pained expression. He’s hurt by the fear that is written on my face. “Emma, do you trust me?” Kai asks with a soft pleading in his voice.
I look at him not quite able to give him an answer. Had he asked me ten minutes ago I knew the answer would be yes. Now, I just don’t know. Doubt fills my mind as I stare blankly back at Kai.
Kai shifts his stance. “Emma, I need you to trust me. I need you to believe me. You need to understand that what I’m saying is true. I am not crazy.” 
Gasping in horror as Kai raises the knife in the air, I cringe. He turns the knife on himself, plunges it deep into his heart and falls to the ground. I’m frozen in total shock trying to figure out what just happened. Kai just killed himself! He is lying on the floor with his eyes closed. The knife is sticking out of his chest. I start trembling and my body is shaking so hard that my teeth clatter together painfully. “Kai!!!” I yell and finally make my body move dropping to his side. I grab the knife handle and use what little strength I find to pull it from his chest. Instantly his eyes open and he gasps. The knife drops from my hand and falling backwards, I succumb to the darkness that overtakes me. 
“Emma, Emma,” I hear someone calling my name. “Emma, can you hear me.” The voice is closer now. I begin to open my eyes slowly trying to take in the surroundings. As my eyes focus I see Kai’s face just inches from mine. I startle quickly looking around remembering what just happened. 
Fear had overpowered me the instant he had plunged the knife into his chest. I may not have known Kai long but to imagine a world without him was painful. I don’t know what I would do without him here helping me through this. I hadn’t realized that I needed him until I saw his eyes close for what I thought might have been the final time. Relief washes over my as my hand instinctively reaches towards Kai’s chest, where moments ago I pulled the knife from his heart. There’s nothing there. No blood that should be seeping through his shirt, only a simple slit in the fabric right above his heart.
 Suddenly it all falls together...I believe him... Kai is immortal!
Kai offers his hand, helping me up. I still can’t believe Kai is alive. I saw him die, but it’s as if nothing is changed. I pull Kai to me and lift up his shirt, examining him further and tracing my hand over his heart feeling it beat. There is nothing there but flawless skin, no scar to be found. 
Kai brushes his hand across my face with his fingers erasing the worry and pushing my hair behind my ears. No longer am I scared, I’m simply in awe of what just took place. Realizing that we are intimately close, my heart begins to race. I can feel Kai’s heart match the speed of mine. We stare into each other’s eyes as he leans into me and sweeps me into an intense kiss. I tense up for the briefest of moments feeling the bold electric shock before I meld my mouth to his. His lips are so soft and gentle as he envelops me into his arms. I close my mind and let my senses take over. His mouth tastes like cinnamon and his skin feels strong and smooth. My brain is intoxicated with the mere thought of him. The current that is racing through the two of us heightens every nerve in my body.
We are pulled from our embrace as we hear a knock at the door. Both Kai and I peer down towards the hall. He reluctantly parts from me and heads towards the door. I don’t move from my stance as Kai answers it. 
In the silence I try hard not to let guilt overcome me. I just kissed Kai! What about Tristan? I excuse myself by thinking about all that is happening. It’s been a rough few days and right now, I’m not really sure of anything. Luckily I’m pulled away from thinking too hard about it when Kai comes back into the room with a stack of my clothes. We end up locking eyes and I’m the first to disconnect and look away as my face flushes red thinking of the kiss we just shared. 
Kai understandingly hands me my clothes. “Emma, why don’t you take a shower and then get some rest. It’s been a long night.” I nod my head and he kisses me gently on the cheek. I reluctantly turn and head towards the bathroom.
I don’t think I’ve ever taken a more enjoyable shower. There’s something about running water cleansing you when you are in desperate need of it. I allow the hot water to melt the tension from my stiff muscles. The only fallback was it gave me time to think. Think about my life and all the changes that have taken place in such a short amount of time. Think about Tristan and the unknown relationship we have. Think about the kiss I shared with Kai, what did it mean? I try to inhale the warm steam allowing my mind to go numb. I use Kai’s shampoo and bar soap. They both smell like lemon grass and olive oil. There are no labels on the bottle so I’m assuming that they are organically made by the Menehunes. It smells wonderful. Kai had mentioned earlier that he helps the Menehune’s with tasks they can’t do like trading and selling items. I wonder how many products out there are actually made by the Menehune’s. I’m sure that they don’t put their name on the label but if they did there could be a huge market out there for the items they make. You can’t get more ‘organic’ or ‘all natural’ than the Menehune’s. The money alone that they can make by selling furniture would set them up for life. I guess that would all come at a price. I remember Adam saying that they are a ‘private’ race. That must be another thing that makes them different than regular humans. They do not struggle with greed. From the stories Adam told me, they have built so many things for the Hawaiians but they ask for nothing in return. If only we could learn something from them. I know that I am already learning. 
After I finish my shower I happily put on clean clothes and pick up my dirty ones to put in the laundry. That’s when I’m reminded of my mother’s picture. I feel bad that I just now thought of this. It was in my shorts this whole time. I’ve basically gone swimming with the only memento I owned that reminds me of my mom. My heart aches a little with worry when I think about the damage that could have been done to it. I reach into the pocket of my shorts to find that it was still there. It’s a little water stained but it’s not too badly damaged and it’s already dry so that should be a good sign. I look at my mom’s bright smile feeling a little comfort knowing that in some way she is with me through all of this craziness. 



 CHAPTER 16 (TRAINING)

The next morning, the smell from the kitchen roused me out of bed. My first thought was Alani, but upon opening my eyes it is obvious that I am not at home. I feel like Dorthy, “Todo, I have a feeling we’re not in Kansas anymore.” Stifling a small laugh as I listen to the sounds in the other room. I can hear the sizzling and banging coming from several pots and pans. I roll out of bed and shuffle towards the kitchen.  Kai hears me coming and looks up from what he’s doing, “Nice hair!” He laughs as my hand reaches up to try to smoothen out my bed head. He comes over to me, envelops me in a large hug and plants a kiss on the top of my head sending an eye awakening shock through me. I still don’t know what this is that’s going on between us, but it’s like electroshock therapy. Yet, this is a very good type of therapy; one I could definitely get used to. He releases me from the hug. Taking full advantage of the opportunity, I mess with his hair. I can tell he’s taken off guard as he ducks to the side and begins smoothing it back out. 
“Good morning to you too,” I say sarcastically.
“Did you sleep well?” He asks me.
Yawning a little before I answer, “Yeah, it’s strange. I don’t even remember going to bed.” Trying to search my mind for what happened that evening but I can’t remember.
“You fell asleep on the couch after your shower so I carried you up to bed.” He quickly adds, “And, I slept here on the couch… no worries.” 
I give him a simple smile, “You’re quite the gentleman aren’t you?” 
He winks and changes the subject. “Here, come taste this and tell me what you think.” We walk the rest of the way to the kitchen as he gets a spoon from a drawer and gives me a bite. 
“Oh my gosh Kai,” I say with a mouthful of food, “that’s amazing, what is it?” I cover my mouth trying to give the appearance of some manners. 
“It’s called Loco Moco. It’s a traditional breakfast we have here. I wasn’t sure if you’ve had it yet or not.” I haven’t.
He hands me a large plate of food and I stare wide-eyed back at him. “Is this all for me?” He smiles and grabs his plate leading the way to the dining room table where we take a seat across from each other. 
“You’re going to make me fat if you feed me like this all the time!” 
Kai just smiles, “I’d like you either way.” 
“Kai, you don’t seem to understand my fetish with gravy…I could drink this stuff by the gallon.” Kai gives a laugh and takes a bite of his food. 
“So what’s the plan for the day?” I question Kai
Kai sets his fork down and wipes his face with a napkin. “We’re going over to Adam and Eve’s home today to discuss a few things. I got a message this morning telling me they think they’ve found a way to break the curse.” 
I just nod my head. I’m not sure if I’m ready to hear what it will all entail. The last thing I want in the world is for anyone to get hurt because of me.  
Thirty minutes later we've managed to clear our plates and clean the kitchen. We head out to Adam and Eve's, burning several calories on the long walk over. Kai gives a knock on the door. A second later the door swings open and Eve, dressed to the nines again today in a hot pink power suit and sparkling stilettos, ushers us in. 
After our pleasantries Adam, who is wearing the same clothes he had on yesterday, get’s serious and jumps right in. “I spoke to some of our guys and we studied all night trying to figure out how to break the connection between Emma and the Night Marcher...your brother. We have two options,” Adam looks from Kai to me and I can see that his eyes are tired; they aren’t nearly as vibrantly green as yesterday. A twinge of guilt hits me for having kept him up all night. Adam’s eyes crinkle with stress as he says, “The curse can be broken when the hunted becomes the hunter and kills the Night Marcher with his own spear.” 
“Absolutely not!” Kai exclaims drawing Adam’s attention back to him. “Emma is not going anywhere near the Night Marchers again!” He slams his hand down on the table and stands up and starts pacing the room. I see that this is what he must do when he’s nervous or trying to figure things out. “What is option two?” Kai demands.
“Well, the Night Marcher is chasing Emma because he wants her soul. If he were to spear Emma in the heart she would most likely be forced to join the ranks of the Night Marchers. The only other way for her to break this connection or curse is for someone else to take her place.” Adam says looking at Kai as if he knows exactly what Kai is thinking. “Kai, it’s not that easy. The Night Marcher chasing Emma would have to accept the sacrifice. They don’t always do.”
“No!” I yell so loud and unexpectedly that I startle everyone in the room. “Nobody is sacrificing themselves for me. Nobody! Option one is the only option.” I stood firm with my decision. There was no way I could live with myself if Kai sacrificed himself for me. He had already done so much; it was time for me to prove what I can do for myself. I got myself in this mess; I need to get myself out. 
Kai just stands there staring intently at me. I don’t waver from his glance; I need to remain strong. I will not change my decision. Kai doesn’t say a word.
Adam breaks the awkward silence and says, “Well, I guess it’s settled then. Emma, you will start Kapu Kuʻialua training right away to get you accustomed with how to handle a spear. You will also need to learn how to disarm your opponent in order to get his spear from him.” Adam looks to Kai, “You will take her into town; I have set up for the instructor to meet her in half an hour.”
Kai remains silent but reluctantly nods to Adam. He takes my elbow and steers me towards the door. I thank Adam and Eve as Kai leads me down the steps. 
Once we are alone outside Kai takes my face in his hands and presses me against the wall. “Emma, I can’t do this. I can’t let you risk your life like this…not when I’ve just found you.” His expression is so intense and with this intensity comes a shock so strong my heart races and my breath quickens. As if Kai senses the intensity of the electricity that is shooting through my veins in who knows how many volts, he drops his hands and takes a step back from me. 
I inhale deeply trying to calm my heart back down to a normal rhythm. I can’t help but think about how Kai lost so many special people in his life and it brings tears racing hot against my eyes. I have no idea what to say at this point. Kai takes a step back towards me and wipes my tears away with the back of his hand then leans in to kiss me. His kiss is soft at first but becomes increasingly more urgent. My lips meld to him as the tears stream down my face. We continue to stay locked together and I cling to the warmth that spreads through me from our embrace. 
A few seconds later Kai leans back and looks in my eyes. “Emma, I’m sorry, but I can’t let you do this. I will not lose you!” He says the last part with such intensity that I’m taken aback.
I know that I shouldn’t feel this way, but I feel bothered that he is being stubborn about this. This is my decision ultimately! Out of frustration I say, “Look Kai, I have to do this. You can’t always be around to save me. I am not Heleya.” When I see the hurt flash across his face I instantly regret having said that last part. If only I had a ‘do over’ option or a rewind button, I would take it back just to keep from seeing how my words stung him. “I am so sorry Kai.” I say quickly trying to right the wrong I just did.
“I forgive you. For what it’s worth I do know that you are not Heleya. You may look a whole heck of a lot like her but you are two totally different souls. You may feel like you need to do this yourself, break this curse on your own; but I know now that this is why I had those visions. I’m supposed to save you. Please let me save you Emma.” He says desperately.
Treading carefully as to not hurt him I say, “I have to do this Kai, you must understand. I can’t have someone else fighting for me when it’s my own fault that I’m in this situation in the first place. You’ll never know how much it means to me that you would volunteer yourself in place of me…I just can’t let you do that. I won’t let you do that.” The last few words I struggled to say. Fighting back the tears that are in my eyes, the words seem lodged in my throat. 
A brief look of understanding crosses over Kai’s face. “Okay, but you must be safe Emma, I can’t lose you after I’ve finally found you,” Kai whispers. He leans his forehead into mine and holds me for a moment. “I just can’t bear to lose you.” He moves back to look at me, “Let me take you to where your training will be.” Kai takes my hand and I gladly accept. 
We head back to Kai’s place to change into sporty clothes and I take a second to write another quick letter to my Dad. I let him know that I love him, I should be home really soon and to please not worry. I’m not sure if that will be possible, but I hope that maybe if I keep communicating with him it will not be so bad.
On the way into town I flag down Paul and give him my message to take to my home. I look to Kai because I don’t have any coins. He pulls two silver coins out of his pocket and hands them to Paul. 
As we are walking through town I hear a glass break inside the tavern. I wonder what reality show made a Menehune mad today. A few doors down from the tavern there is a storefront that has a red sign in the front declaring it a Dojo. We duck in through the doors and stand up in a rather large training gym. It’s about the same size as my high school gym. The equipment and punching bags are much smaller than the average size. They look like they would be for a child’s Karate class. I’m grateful though when I see that the ceiling of the Dojo reaches up at least two stories high. I wasn’t quite sure how I would be able to train if I had to crouch most of the time. My heart starts beating a little faster when I think of training. I’ve never been in a fight, ever. Now I’m supposed to fight that thing, that thing that just happens to be Kai’s twin brother? I will myself to calm down so that Kai doesn’t notice my nervous energy.
There’s a small desk to the right of the door that has one of those little silver bell ringers sitting on it. We walk over to it and I ring the bell twice. A few minutes later a rather beefy looking Menehune comes out from another room that’s separated by a shoji screen. He seems to be around thirty years old but looks extremely fit and is covered in sweat like he’s been working out for hours. His long black hair is pulled back in a ponytail and he is wearing red fitness pants with a tight white shirt that shows off his six-pack. I didn’t even know that Menehunes could have a six-pack; I would have guessed based on their size that they would top out at maybe a four pack. Either way, this Menehune is totally ripped. 
He approaches us and when he reaches Kai he does a bow and says, “Hello Kai, it’s good to see you again.” He turns a fraction of an inch in my direction and bows again while saying, “And you must be Emma.” Unlike many of the Menehunes I’ve met, this one is very serious and I can see that there will be no joking or witty humor coming from him.
I try an awkward bow back and say, “Yes, it’s nice to meet you... Um, what’s your name?”
“I am Master Chuck.” He says seriously.
It takes a second for it to hit me and I let out a belly-rolling laugh. I catch my breath and say, “Chuck, as in Chuck Norris?” Kaylee and I used to love telling Chuck Norris jokes like; Chuck Norris can kick you in the face with his fist. Chuck Norris doesn’t need to Twitter, He’s already following you. Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo went into hiding. I start giggling again. I look at Master Chuck and he was so not having it. 
“Drop and give me twenty!” He says in a drill sergeant commander voice. I look at him incredulously. He doesn’t let on that he’s joking. I look to Kai and he just shrugs. So I drop down to the ground and do my best to attempt a push up. I have no idea how people do it without their knees on the ground. I couldn’t even bend down a little. So I place my knees on the mat and do the girly type of push-ups. I’m thankful that Master Chuck doesn’t get all over me about my form since I know I’m not doing them totally right.
“Twenty.” I say out of breath. Sweat is already starting to bead on my forehead. Note to self-Emma; don’t tell any of those Chuck Norris jokes to Master Chuck... Chuck Norris could totally roundhouse kick Master Chuck into the next century but I don’t repeat that.
“Good, we shall begin.” Master Chuck says. “Kapu Kuʻialua is a Hawaiian martial art based on bone breaking.”
I cringe a little and then wonder if Night Marchers have bones.
“We do not have time to train you on the full art of Kapu Kuʻialua. You only need the strength and energy to retrieve the Night Marchers spear and plunge it into its heart. No bone breaking should be needed.” 
Oh is that all I need to be able to do? Easy-peasy I think to myself sarcastically. 
Master Chuck continues, “You must not underestimate your opponent though. Night Marchers are fast and highly skilled with their weapons of choice. Usually their preferred weapon is the same one that they had been proficient with in their human life. Kai, you said that your brother was trained with the Ihe, correct?” He looks to Kai awaiting an answer.
“Yes.” Kai says with a pained expression. I’m sure that he was probably thinking about Heleya and how Kao murdered her with a spear wound to the stomach.
Nodding in affirmation, Master Chuck picks up a short spear that’s about as tall as he is. “Then it is confirmed. I will teach you to use the Ihe. It is a short spear with barbed edges. I will show you multiple techniques in order to disarm your opponent. In addition, we will work on increasing your speed as well as building your strength and endurance. You will need to be quick and precise for this fight. We don’t have long. Are you ready to put your all into this Emma?”
“Yes, I’m ready.” I say as strongly as I can. It’s not like I have much of a choice since option number two is completely out of the question for me. If I am going to fight Kao, I will need all of the training I can get. 
We practice for over three hours. Sweat covers my body and my throat is parched. My hands have begun to blister from where I have been holding the Ihe. Kai comes over with a bottle of water for me and I chug it down thirstily. I take some deep breaths as I wipe at the sweat that accumulated on my forehead. Kai whispers in my ear. “Go and bow to master Chuck so we can get you something to eat.” I nod my head and walk back over to Master Chuck.
“Thank you for your time Master Chuck. I have learned a lot today.” I bow my head. 
“We will be practicing twice a day at least until I feel you are ready.” He says as he returns my bow.
I nod my head in confirmation and walk back over to Kai. “First things first, I desperately need a shower!” Kai gives a small laugh and leads me back to his house. 
After my shower I am so tired I can barely keep my eyes open. Night had fallen about an hour ago and I’m wiped. Master Chuck must think I’m wonder woman if he thinks I could do all that we did today. I’m beginning to wonder if I am really cut out for this. Knowing I have no other option I quickly brush the thought away.
I collapse on the couch and my eyes roll in the back of my head. Either the couch got more comfortable overnight or I’m just that exhausted. Kai comes over with another tall bottle of water. “Thanks Kai.” I say as I take it from him.
“You’re welcome. Eve brought over a meal for us. I set it up on some trays upstairs. I figured we could dine under the stars.” He says.
While my sore muscles aren’t excited about climbing more stairs, my stomach tells a different story when it starts growling in response to the thought of food. “Sounds good to me.” 
Kai offers a hand and helps me back off the couch. We climb the stairs and once again I find myself captivated when I enter the room. The stars are out in full force and the moon is nearly full in the sky casting a beautiful shadow on the ocean below. I look over to the swing and find two fold out trays set up in front of it. A turkey wrap with fresh lettuce and homemade potato chips is what’s for dinner. I take a seat and a few minutes later I’ve scarfed down my entire meal and drained my glass of lemonade. I redden when I look over and notice that Kai isn’t even close to having finished his food. I guess I literally worked up an appetite. 
While Kai is finishing his meal I’m drawn out of my seat by curiosity when I see a brief flash of light far off in the distance. Walking over to the windows I try to focus my attention fully on the surroundings in hopes of finding the source of the light. That’s when I see it, off in the distance on the beach where Kai and I spent the night a few days ago. It’s definitely a flicker of light, but no ordinary light, a flame! My heart starts beating sending a pounding thumping up into my head and my ears, which sounds too closely like drums. My head starts spinning as I watch the lone flame move methodically up and down the beach combing it, looking for something…Probably me! I nearly have a heart attack when something grabs me from behind. Having realized that I was holding my breath I sucked in deep and turned around to find Kai. 
Having noticed my eyes wild with fear he says, “Emma what’s wrong?” 
I try to speak but it’s as if my vocal cords are paralyzed so I just point a shaky finger towards the beach several hundred yards out. The flame is still there. Kai follows my finger and sees immediately what I saw. He pulls me into him burying my face in his chest while saying, “It’s okay Emma. That could be anything. A tourist, anything.” His rigid posture denotes his write off and I can tell that he’s on full alert.
I pull away and find my voice although it’s a bit shaky. “I doubt that Kai. You said yourself that it’s not easy to get to that beach. I don’t believe a tourist would swim to it in the middle of the night.” I turn back to watch the flame. It seems to be standing still. Nausea rolls in my stomach and pinpricks of fear run down my spine as I imagine that thing standing on the beach staring up at us. It’s a ridiculous notion seeing as we are so far away that I can’t even see the figure of who is holding the torch. Thank goodness because Kao’s resemblance to Kai is more than I can bear right now. After all, I’ve found myself feeling attracted to Kai and how freaky is that when his twin brother is trying to murder me? Anyhow, if indeed that is Kao down there, I doubt he can see me all the way up here. But, who knows with the paranormal? 
Kai must have gotten the same creeped out feeling since he turned the lights off in the room casting us into darkness. The only thing illuminating the room now is the moon and stars. “Do you think it can see us?” I ask in horror.
“I don’t know but I’m not taking any chances.” He says putting his arm around me. I close my eyes and allow his touch to warm my chilled bones. 
“Do you think that could be him…Kao?” I say stammering a bit.
“I don’t know Emma, but we should get out of this room. I can promise you though that you are safe right now. He can’t get to you in here.” As he’s about to usher me out of the room the sound of a conch shell blowing fills the quiet night. We look back at the beach where the flame is flickering wildly now. The conch shell blows one last time and poof; the flame is entirely extinguished as if someone blew out a candle. We watch for several more seconds but we see no more flames and the night air is quiet once again. 
My heartbeat starts to steady a bit knowing that the thing is gone. We head back downstairs. Neither of us is able to sit still or even think about sleep so we decide to take the short walk over to Adam and Eve’s to see if they might know anything about what we just witnessed.
When we arrive, Adam who is wearing a pair of red and green flannel pajamas greets us. “Hey Emma, Hey Kai! Wow, you both look as if you have seen a ghost.” He ushers us quickly inside and closes the door behind him. Leading us to the dining room table we are greeted by Eve as well, who is adorably matching Adam in her identical flannel pajama set; however, her set is more fitted and looks like someone went crazy with the Bedazzler machine. 
“My, my. I didn’t know we were going to have company. Emma and Kai, it’s good to see you. Can I get you some tea?” She asks.
We both nod and take a seat. Our large chairs are still out from the previous night. 
“So, what’s got you both so haggard tonight?” Adam asks inquisitively.
I’m grateful that Kai has chosen to explain tonight’s encounter. I sit back and sip the hot tea that Eve brought allowing it to ease away the chill that has set deep down in my bones. We all listen patiently to Kai’s rendition of our sighting. He finishes by asking Adam, “So, have you ever heard of that?”
Adam, whose green eyes are sparked with interest responds, “You mean a Night Marcher breaking away from its procession? It’s unbelievably rare but there are a few accounts of it happening. Usually it shows that the Night Marcher is abnormally stronger than its peers and it has only happened when a Night Marcher is trying to fulfill its curse.” He looks at both of us making sure he hasn’t lost anyone, and then continues. “Much like he was able to break away to chase Emma the first time; he has the same ability for the single purpose of um…” He looks at me nervously then finishes his sentence, “hunting her.” 
I gasp in dismay. “Hunting me? Like an animal? That’s what he’s doing right now?” My voice is so shaky that I’m stuttering uncontrollably. 
Kai puts his hand on mine and looks seriously at Adam. “He can’t get in here right Adam?” 
Eve answers this one for her husband. “No, absolutely not. Night Marchers cannot come within our homeland.” She looks at me because I’m guessing Kai must have heard this explanation before. “I’m sure that my husband told you that the Menehune’s were the first inhabitants of this island. Well, when the first explorers came and found our island we made a treaty with the leaders of those who chose to inhabit this island. It was done in secrecy but it was a covenant made to last throughout all generations. The leaders or chiefs of the settlers as well as our leaders signed the covenant with their own blood. It may sound morbid and gross but it was how they did it back then. I mean, it wasn’t like they dipped their fingers in blood and signed their names, they…” Adam cleared his throat cutting her off, which I’m guessing was a signal for his wife to get back on track with what she was saying.
“Oh, anyhow, basically what the covenant boils down to is that none other than those whom we invite are able to set foot on any area or land that we so designate as our home. You see the few chiefs who signed the covenant are the same chiefs who lead the Night Marchers today. They are bound by blood and therefore their followers are bound by blood as well. They will not and cannot cross the boundary into our home without facing the possibility of immediate execution.” Eve said in a serious matter of fact tone. 
“Good!” Kai says and turns towards me looking me deep in the eyes. “You are safe here Emma. There is nothing to worry about within these walls.” I nod my head and exhale a shaky breath. Kai turns and asks Adam, “So what about the conch shell? Why did the flame disappear immediately when it was blown?” 
“The Night Marchers can only be out during very specific times. I’m not even sure what times those are to be exact. The chief of the Night Marchers will blow the conch shell signaling for them to prepare for their exit. With the second sounding of the conch shell they disappear to wherever it is that they go. We aren’t sure about that either. Perhaps it’s back to their graves, or to some sort of purgatory… we don’t know.”
Kai nods his head in understanding and I listen in as Adam, Eve and Kai speak for several more minutes about the possibilities of what Kao might be up to. Kai brought up the fact that Kao was well trained and one of the best trackers in his tribe. 
Apparently he had not lost those skills after becoming an evil monster, I think to myself. I have a hard time focusing on the remainder of their conversation. I just keep thinking about how Kao is out there, hunting me. I hope that he doesn’t find his way to my own home. From what Kai said though is that he most likely is only picking up from when we first ran away. Which means Kao most likely has already found Kai’s tree house. 
I look over at Eve who looks so sweet and harmless. Thinking back to her explanation about the covenant I wonder to myself if the Menehune’s might just be a force to be reckoned with. I mean, what would drive the leaders of the islands first settlers to sign such an everlasting treaty? I’m sure they must have had some mighty warriors within their tribes. Plus, the Menehune’s are a small race. I would think they could have been easily beaten in a battle. I guess it’s true that appearances can be deceiving. I have found myself really caring for the Menehune’s and I’m glad to know that they are strong and can take care of themselves.
About an hour later Kai and I have walked back to his house. We are both sitting silently on his couch, he’s got his arm around me and my head is resting on his shoulder. Both of us are just thinking and processing all of the information and events from today. As I nearly doze off the doorbell chimes jarring me back into the moment. Kai carefully moves his arm out from behind me, stands up and answers the door. 
He returns a moment later announcing that it had been Paul, then says, “This was in your mailbox when Paul went to deliver the message. It had your name on the front.” 
A look of shock forms on my face as I carefully accept the envelope. “I’ll give you a moment,” Kai says as he walks away. 
I stare down at the envelope. Opening it carefully afraid of what’s inside. It’s not that I don’t want to hear from my family; it’s just that sometimes no news is good news. I glance at the end of the letter and see it’s from Tristan. A lump forms in the back of my throat as I try to keep my hands from shaking. I realize the reason for this is my guilt. He must have found out that I was gone. We also still have feelings that have yet to be resolved. I grip the pages and start reading:
Emma,
I don’t know if you are going to get this, but I had to try. I just got home yesterday. My mom told me about your letter and how it showed up mysteriously in our mailbox with no stamp or postmark. I am really mad at my mom for not telling me when you disappeared four days ago. The second I received word I was packing my belongings and on a plane home. 
Emma, How could you do this? This is just so not like you, disappearing and sending vague messages. Your dad is worried sick. He’s got the police out looking for you. They even issued an Amber alert. 
I found your car by our spot. It was stuck in the mud. The engine was cool showing that it hadn’t been on in a while. I searched around looking for you for over six hours. I was so afraid that I would find you hurt somewhere, or worse, dead. Every turn I made down the trail would make my heartbeat faster with fear, fear of your unknown fate. I found your phone a few yards from the falls. It was still on but almost out of battery. You had over sixty text messages from Kaylee and many calls from your father and my mom. I’ve been texting back and forth with Kaylee over the past day. She’s quite the firecracker. She is freaking out and not handling your disappearance well. (Not that any of us are.) I’m trying to persuade her not to jump on a plane from Texas and get down here. I think though that if she hasn’t heard from you in a day or two we won’t be able to convince her to stay. 
Emma, I fear the worst about you. I don’t know if you realize just how much you mean to me. You have changed my life drastically. I have feelings for you that I don’t believe I have ever felt for anyone before. I NEED you. I NEED you to come home. I NEED you to be safe. I NEED to find you! I promise I will never stop looking. I will find you; I will not give up. I will search for you every hour of my waking day until I find you.
I realize that I may be writing this letter to nobody as you most likely won’t get it. Or.... Perhaps I’m writing this letter to whoever is keeping you away. Whoever delivered your first message... If this is true, and this is not Emma reading this letter, whoever the heck you are: YOU must know that I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN! And if you hurt a single hair on Emma’s head.... I PROMISE that nobody will ever find YOU after I’m through with you!!!
If this is Emma reading this, I love you. (Maybe not the best time to tell you this, but it’s true.) I will never stop searching for you. If you are able, please come home to me.
With all my love,
Tristan

Tears begin streaming down my face as I read what he wrote. The sentiment melding to his words make my heart break. I can’t even look at Kai right now. The never-ending guilt I am feeling; there are just no words to describe it. I am torn between two people, Tristan, laying it all out there, pouring his heart out to me. All the while, I’ve been giving pieces of my heart to Kai. My mind is whirling and so utterly conflicted it’s all I can do to not rush home into Tristan’s awaiting arms.
I hold the letter to my heart and let the tears flow. Letting the words Tristan told me mettle over and over in my head; questioning the impossible choice I have set before me.  I don’t have to wait too long when Kai returns and wraps me in his arms. I cry into his shoulder feeling the guilt of the past few days come over me like a ton of bricks. If only two lifetimes were possible I would never have to make this impossible decision.
Kai brushes the hair from my face and gives me a gentle kiss on my head. “It’s going to be okay Emma, I promise.” If only those words could be enough. He has no idea what that letter said or who it was from. 
I fall asleep that night alone in Kai’s bed. I fade in and out of consciousness worrying about Kao who is hunting me as we speak and thinking about both Tristan and Kai. My heart is so confused and conflicted. I'm in no position right now to be able to decide what I want...or who I want. I have feelings for two guys and choosing between them should be the least of my worries right now. After all, I don't even know if I will be alive long enough to make a choice. 



 CHAPTER 17: (MORE SURPRISES)

A few days pass, each day the same. Repetitive. Kai and I eat breakfast together followed by endless training. I’ve never before pushed my body this hard but I am getting better with the Ihe. I feel much more confident in my newfound abilities and myself. 
I’ve decided not to think about my feelings for Kai or Tristan. It’s been hard though because each night Kai has been opening up to me, telling me a few details about himself and in turn I’ve told him some of my history. I told him about my dad, Kaylee and even about my mom. The more I find out about Kai the more I want to allow myself to draw closer to him. It takes a lot strength for me to keep him at arms length but I have to do it. I force my heart to become numb so that I can concentrate fully on my training. It has kept me focused; it helps drive the force deep inside knowing this will all be over soon. 
Normally when I finish with training Kai picks me up and we grab a bite to eat before heading home. This evening is different though. Kai doesn’t show. Eve meets me at the Dojo instead. Today she’s sporting a hot orange jump suit with bright pink jewels lining the hems. I wonder if Eve ever wears anything that’s not flashy. She sure would fit well in Texas. Other than the whole Menehune height factor, that is. 
“Hello Emma, I’m here to take you home. Kai will be there when we arrive. He has a surprise for you.” She gives me a knowing smile which tells me that she has an inside scoop of what this surprise entails. 
A small smile creeps onto my face for the first time in days. I love surprises. I am all too excited to see what Kai has planned.
Eve talks nonstop on our way back to Kai’s house. She tells me all about the latest gossip going around in the village. I usually can’t stand gossip but I just listen and nod my head knowing this must be what makes her happy. I won’t rain on her parade today. She walks me all the way to the door and then bids me goodnight. Giving me a knowing wink she heads back down the tunnel towards her home. 
Butterflies start flying around in my tummy. I open the door and suck in my breath. There are candles going all the way up the stairs, one on each side of every step. It creates the most beautiful ambiance. Nervous excitement fills me as I follow the lit trail up the steps. In this instant the heartache caused by my mixed feelings that I’ve felt over the past few days is gone, leaving the hopefulness I once felt in its place. When I reach the main room I see more candles as well as fragrant purple flowers in the most exquisite crystal vases decorating every flat surface. With the starry night shining above me, it has to be the most romantic setting I have ever laid eyes on. 
Looking towards the kitchen I find Kai waiting for me dressed in a black suit, which sets off the obsidian color of his hair. He looks so dashingly handsome, with the two top buttons of his white shirt open and his tie hanging loosely beneath the collar. He stares at me intently with his soulful grey eyes, which sends the butterflies in my stomach into a fluttering frenzy.
I look down at my sweaty self and suddenly feel self-conscious. Kai must have seen my look, “Why don’t you get a shower. I’m still finishing up dinner. Also, I laid a dress in the bathroom for you; I hope you like it.” 
A dress? I think to myself. I smile at Kai and take off towards the bathroom excitedly. 
I manage to shower in less than seven minutes. When I get out and dry off I immediately head over to unzip the dress bag that is hanging from a towel bar. I find wrapped neatly inside the bag, a floor length midnight blue satin dress with a halter neck. There are hundreds of sparkling crystals lining the empress waistline that send rainbow shadows dancing across the bathroom walls. I pull the dress out to examine it closer and find that it dips almost as low as the waistline in the back. I honestly have never worn something this extravagant, even for prom. The girly-girl in me get’s super excited as I wiggle into the dress and low and behold it’s just my size. I spend the next few minutes drying my hair and putting on a little make up. I am so glad that whoever brought my stuff from home took the time to grab a few of these essentials as well. Before I head out I take a second to look at myself in the mirror. Hmmm, not to shabby Emma. I turn around to get a view of the plunging backline that dips to the lowest part of my back. This is definitely the sexiest dress I’ve ever worn, for some reason self conscious anxiety builds up in me and I start worrying about what Kai might think. What if he doesn’t like the way I look in the dress? I don’t know why my brain sabotages me in this way ruining an exciting time with fears of disapproval. I shake it off chiding myself for allowing these anxious thoughts to seep in. 
I head out to the main room, all anxiety and worry melt away when I see Kai’s face light up. He’s wearing the expression that a husband would have when his future bride is walking down the aisle. Taking my hand he gives me a half spin, “There are no words to describe how beautiful you look Emma.” He takes a Hibiscus from the countless flowers and carefully tucks it in my hair.
With the flip of a switch a stereo plays out “Somewhere Over the Rainbow” sung by Israel Kamakawiwo’ole. It is probably the most beautiful rendition of this song that I’ve ever heard. I can’t help but sway in the candlelight to the strumming ukulele. Kai holds out his hand and asks, “May I have this dance?” 
I nod. I can’t help but find myself a bit entranced by the prosaic setting and the company I get to enjoy it with. 
He takes my hand and wraps the other around the small area of my bare back. The electrical current that runs between us when we touch is nearly jolting tonight with his hand against my exposed skin. It feels as if every nerve ending in my body has been heightened and when he trails his hand up my back a bit, goose bumps quickly follow. 
I find that we aren’t really dancing. Not like Tristan and I danced. More so Kai and I are merely holding each other and barely swaying to the music. Both of us are silent through most of the song, gazing every once in awhile into each other’s longing eyes. 
When the music plays its last note, Kai breaks the silence. “You know Emma, I haven’t felt like this in a very, very long time. I didn’t know I could ever be this happy again. Thank you for giving me hope.” He gently tucks a stray strand of hair behind my ear and places a gentle yet just as electrifying kiss on my lips, then continues. “I made you dinner, but before we eat, I have something I want to give you.” 
I pick my head up off his shoulder where I had briefly placed it and give him a full on smile. My mind starts reeling wondering what it is. I think too about how I don’t have anything for him in return. 
Kai breaks our embrace first leading me over to the table. I have to fight off a pout when he breaks contact with me. I think that my body becomes accustomed to the feeling I get when we touch for long periods of time and when the connection is severed it’s like someone suddenly turned off a switch nearly casting me into darkness. 
I don’t have time to think about it much anyhow when I see a small box wrapped in a red silk ribbon lying on the table. My eyes get wide as I think, He went to Jared’s. I laugh a little at this and begin unwrapping the bow. Inside is the most stunning necklace I have ever seen. It’s made up of three strands of tiny delicate shells. I carefully pick the necklace up and take the shells in my hands to observe them closer. They are tinnier than a pearl but have the most unusually beautiful color hues to them. They range from different shades of pinks to an off-white pearlescent color. The necklace, which is held together with a solid gold clasp, feels so delicate, yet strong at the same time.
 “Kai, it’s beautiful!” I gleam. 
Kai takes the necklace, steps around me and clasps it carefully against my skin. His breath on my sensitive neck sends more goose bumps spiraling across my skin. I realize that I’m holding my breath anticipating that staggering feeling of his touch. I find myself disappointed when he steps around to face me again and the noticeable distance, although it’s only a foot at most, seems as if we are separated by the Grand Canyon itself. I feel as though I’m irresistibly drawn to him like a magnet and the need inside me to touch him is overwhelming. Thankfully he starts talking before I embarrass myself by throwing myself across that invisible barrier and into his arms.
  “This is a Ni‘ihau shell necklace. It takes years to make a single necklace, as these shells are very rare. This necklace is made of valuable, precious shells but none of which are as precious as you are to me. I want you to have it forever, no matter what happens.” Kai places his hand gently on my cheek taking my breath away. I close my eyes savoring the volts that cycle between us. I open them a second later to find Kai’s striking grey eyes, sparkling with such a quality that it makes them look almost silver. He says barely above a whisper. “Aloha No Au la ‘Oe.” 
I raise my eyebrow in question. While I don’t know what he just said, I do know that by the look in his eyes it must have been the most sincere thing anyone has ever said to me. 
“I said that I truly love you Emma, you make my life more complete than it ever was. I don’t want to think about being apart from you ever again. I want you for always. I know you may not love me yet, but I want you to know I am in no hurry. I will wait until the end of time for you to love me back.”
His soulfully honest confession startles me. I had no idea that he felt that intensely about me. As a tear slowly falls down my cheek he pulls me into his chest. I stay there for a while greedily relishing the current that flows between us and allowing it to soak into my veins. I have never had a guy tell me that they really loved me and mean it before. And now in the past few days I’ve had two men, whom I care for deeply, express their love for me. I’m amazed by the randomness of that coincidence as well as the horrible timing for it.
 I wish I could reciprocate and tell Kai that I love him back, but I’m not certain yet. I haven’t ever really been in love. With the struggle I’m having regarding both Kai and Tristan how could I be in love? If I really loved him I wouldn’t have thoughts of Tristan in the back of my mind. I need time to think but right now, I need to just be. Just be happy for a little while and just be loved for tonight. 
Kai and I have an amazing night. He made me a candle lit dinner and then we headed up to the room with the view upstairs to spend the remainder of the evening. Spending time with Kai feels as natural as breathing. There wasn’t an ounce of discomfort between us due to my not confirming my love back to him. He really meant it when he said that he would wait, and for that I am so grateful. Kai and I talked till after midnight then ended up falling asleep next to each other on the cushioned porch swing. 
“Emma No!!!” Kai yells out. I almost fall off the porch swing in surprise. It takes me a while to get my bearings again and realize where I am. Kai’s arm is around my stomach and he’s laying behind me on the swing, his breathing is labored. We are both facing out towards the churning ocean. I get up off the swing and turn around. I can see Kai’s eyes moving behind his eyelids. He’s dreaming, and whatever it is can’t be good. “No!!!” He yells again and then abruptly opens his eyes. I gasp at the horror that contorts his face.
I lean down, push the hair from his face and try to comfort him. “Kai... Kai, it’s okay. It was just a dream, it’s okay.” My heart is racing as I see how scared he looks. It reminds me of how he looked when we had our run in with the Night Marchers. I just keep rubbing his shoulders until his face relaxes. “Do you want to talk about it?” I ask.
Kai looks like he’s contemplating it but then says, “No, not really Emma.” He sits up. “Like you said it was just a bad dream. I don’t want to replay it.”
I nod. We both stand up and decide to head back downstairs to the main room. I look at the clock when we get downstairs and realize that it’s only 3am. We are both still tired so Kai walks me to his room, which he has been allowing me to use. I get in bed and he gives me a kiss on the forehead then pulls the covers up over me tucking me in. It really is a sweet gesture; however, shouldn’t I be the one doing this for him since he’s the one who had the bad dream? Kai heads out to sleep on the couch and closes the door. It only takes me a few minutes before I fall heavily back to sleep. 



CHAPTER 18: (TIME)

“Look Kai, you don’t even know if it was a vision or just a dream.” I hear Adam saying in the other room. I look at my bedside clock. It’s only 6am. I get up and head towards the door quietly listening in the small crack of the doorjamb. I’ve been finding myself eavesdropping a lot lately. I know that it’s not right but Kai strikes me as being a bit over protective. Sometimes I need to be in the know. I can tell when I’m around him that he’s consistently playing the protector role. He isn’t a fountain of information around me, especially when it comes to things that are dangerous or could hurt me. 
Kai’s voice is very low and I start wishing I had a glass or something to hear better. “Keep it down Adam... Look, I have been having these visions long enough to be able to decipher the difference between a premonition and a dream. This was not a dream.”
“Okay, I understand Kai. It would be much better if it were just a dream... So you saw the fight between Emma and Kao. She lost?” Adam says in a volume that I’m sure is not as quiet as Kai would have liked.
Kai gives a sad shaky sigh. “No, she did not win. She’s not strong enough Adam. I’m not sure if I even know anyone strong enough or fast enough to beat a Night Marcher. Even if she were to train for a year I don’t think she would have a fighting chance.” I can hear Kai pacing. I get a little nervous that his footsteps might be heading toward my room. “I can’t let him win. I can’t let her be taken by them. I don’t have a choice Adam.”
“Kai, you always have a choice. You need to really think this through. We don’t even know how this sacrifice thing works. We don’t know if you would even be an eligible candidate. You can’t die. Would they even be able to take you? If the Night Marcher spears you in the heart, you will just heal within minutes. It may not work.” Adam is pleading with Kai. I’m sure he doesn’t want to lose his best friend. I know if it were Kaylee I wouldn’t let her do something like this for anyone.
“I don’t care Adam. I have to try. I cannot let her just die! I will not!” Kai says harshly towards Adam. I’m sure he’s not being rude to Adam he’s just passionate about what he’s saying. His tone drops to a gentle and pleading tone when he continues. “I love her. I know I shouldn’t say this but I love her even more than I loved Heleya! I can’t lose her.” His voice nearly breaks when he says the last part. 
I gasp, and pull away from the door completely taken back by his confession. He loves me more than Heleya? How? We’ve known each other for such a short period of time. I think back to when he told me that he had had visions of me for years. I guess in a way he’s known me for a while. 
I know I need to hear the remainder of the conversation so I move back to the door to hear Adam talking. 
“Well, then, we better get some advice from some of the elders first. Maybe they will have more knowledge. Although, this is unchartered waters as you are the first human that we have ever known who is basically immortal.” 
“Then we will. First thing in the morning once Emma’s safe in training we will talk with them.” Kai says. 
I rush over and get quietly back in bed. I hear the front door to the house open and shut. Adam must have headed out. A few minutes later my room door quietly opens just a crack. It stays open for a moment and then quietly closes again. I guess Kai was checking on me. I didn’t dare move though. My heart is beating so fast, I try to will it to calm down. I can’t let Kai sacrifice himself for me! I’m scared though. He said he had a vision of me dying. I don’t want to die. I’m a teenager after all; we don’t even contemplate death until we are at least twenty-one! Even though I’m scared of dying I still wouldn’t allow him to take my place, no way! 
I lay in bed for the next hour. I obviously don’t fall back to sleep since my mind is running faster than a freight train trying to figure a way out of this mess. Some way that would keep us both safe. By the time that Kai comes in to wake me up I’ve decided one fact. I will not let Kai sacrifice himself for me no matter what. This means that I need to kill Kao before Kai has the chance to offer himself as a trade. 
We are both silent throughout breakfast and throughout the walk to the Dojo. When we get to the door I turn to give Kai a hug. Our hug is longer than normal as if we are trying to hold onto each other for dear life. Kai pulls away first and gently pushes a strand of hair away from my face. He looks deep into my eyes and says, “Emma, I love you.” He says it so strongly and surely that I feel as if I might say it back. 
I don’t, I just lean up and kiss him passionately on the lips. 
“Goodbye, Kai.”
“I will see you after class,” Kai says.
I have never focused so hard in class as I have today. Master Chuck even commented on how I must have found my ‘mana’ today. I am determined to soak in all the advice, skill, and training that I can right now since this will be my last class. I have come to my final decision. I will sneak out and find The Night Marchers tonight. 
Kai is waiting for me when I get done. I wipe a towel across my face and take a deep swig of water. Kai meets me by the door, “You looked really hot today Emma.” 
I blush wondering how long he had been watching me try to kick butt. “Thanks, I feel hot!” I say while fanning myself with my hand. 
Kai gives a small laugh and takes my hand. We walk back to his home slowly each knowing it’s only a matter of time till our fate is out of our hands.
I take my usual shower and notice someone has done my laundry. It kind of makes me a bit nervous that someone else, whom I don’t know, washed my ‘unthinkables’. I get dressed, towel dry my hair and head out to the main room. Kai is waiting for me on the couch. “You’re so beautiful, you know that?” 
I blush taken off guard by his sentiment. I don’t have makeup on and my hair is a mess. It’s utterly sweet of him to think I’m beautiful now! Kai comes up and runs his fingers through my wet hair. I’m going to miss his sweet gestures so much. My brain tries to wander off to my upcoming battle but thankfully I don’t get to think about it too long when his lips find mine. 
His hand locks behind my wet hair pulling me even closer to him. Then in one swift motion Kai picks me up and takes me to the couch. He sets me down while never breaking the kiss. His kisses move down my neck sending shivers down my body. He finds my ear and I stifle a small giggle. Kai breaths into my ear his phrase from last night, “Aloha No Au la ‘Oe.” He says it with such desperation almost as if he knows deep down that this is our last night together. Pain slices through my heart as I think of never seeing Kai again but I push the pain and fear down deep and just allow myself to be in this moment. He slowly kisses each part of my face, my forehead, my chin, the bridge of my nose. Then he plants one last soft kiss on my lips and pulls himself away. 
His breathing is heavy as he sighs deeply, “I have a meeting in five minutes.” He bends his forehead down to where I can’t see his face. 
I brush his hair back and take his chin in my hand. My brain is still a little dizzy from our kiss and the volts of electricity running through my veins. “You better go then; they’ll be waiting for you.”
Kai hesitantly stands up and stares back down towards me. His features grow soft as his hand comes down on my cheek. “I love you Emma, I always will, no matter what.” 
I smile back at him and place my hand on his. “Kai, you mean so much to me. I’m so thankful for all that you have done for me.” My eyes implore him hoping that he can truly understand how grateful I am for him. He smiles, kisses me on the cheek and then too soon he is headed out the door.
I forgot to ask how long Kai would be gone. I sit on the sofa letting my fingers trace the outline of the pillow. I am extremely nervous, but I need to end this, tonight. I take a deep breath and close my eyes. Opening them with a new determination. It is time. I go to Kai’s room and open up the bag I always take with me to the Dojo. There in the bottom of the bag curled up inside of a towel is the Ihe I took from Master Chuck. I feel a little bad about it, but I didn’t know where else to find what I needed. I grip the deadly weapon and take a few practice swings. I place it back in the bag; along with a few other things I’ll need and head out. I finger the shells along my necklace as I place it inside my shirt. A piece of Kai I think as I leave his home.
I take the tunnel down to where the brick walkway lies. Trying to stay within the shadows hoping to conceal my identity. Unfortunately being at least two feet taller than anyone else makes it practically impossible. I walk quickly looking around the cave walls for some telltale sign of an exit. There has to be some sort of door around here somewhere; I doubt the Menehunes dive through the canal every time they want to leave. I walk down the direction of the river and follow it along until it comes to a dead end. I look all around and scan the walls for anything that might be an exit. I see a small crack in the wall; kind of like the one where Kai’s door to his bungalow lies. I check and make sure no one is looking then slip into the crack meeting instantly with a staircase. I breathe a sigh of relief as I begin climbing the stairs. 
The climb is ferociously tiring and I have to stop a few times to catch my breath. I finally reach the top and look at the door that has appeared in front of me. It has a strange sign that has some writing I don’t understand scrawled on it, but it is made in the colors of red and white. A flash of memory pops into my mind as I think of the universal color for an exit sign. Yanking on the handle I find that it’s locked! I gasp. A lock. How could I have not thought of this! I pull as hard as I can to try to unlatch the door, but it won’t budge. I sit on the top step with my head in my hands. Think Emma, think. When I lift my head up I hear keys rattling against the door on the opposite side. I hurry over to the wall and try as best as I can to blend in. Hopefully when the door opens they won’t look back and see me. Also, I hope it doesn’t open all the way and squish me; the door seems heavy duty! The lock finally turns as the door opens carefully. In walk two Menehunes giggling to each other. They are so consumed with one another they don’t even glance in my direction.  I come swiftly behind them and catch the door before it closes, then sneak out. The rush of fresh air comes at me full force. I breathe in deeply forgetting how wonderful the night air feels and smells in Kauai. I begin walking forward only to find myself breathing in a breath of sheer terror. There is a huge drop down, and when I say huge I mean mammoth! From the looks of the location we are high up on the side of a cliff. No wonder it took me so long to climb the stairs! I look to my right and see a footpath going down. There’s also one on the left, but that is going up. I decide to take the left path so I could get my bearings straight as to where exactly I am. I want to get back to the path where I had the first run in with the night marchers. Hopefully that will get me close enough to find them again. I pull the bag up higher on my shoulder and get climbing. 
The climb is absolutely terrifying. There is a small footpath, no larger than two feet wide that I have to maneuver around. I try to look straight forward afraid to look down. 	I inch along the side of the cliff willing it to end soon. Within five minutes I am at the top of the cliff overlooking most of the island. In the distance I can see storm clouds rolling in and I pray that they don’t bring any rain. 
I scan the island looking for clues as to where the place might be until a waterfall comes into view. I know there are quite a few waterfalls on the island, but I could swear that none were this large. I try to imprint the memory into my mind as to where it is by finding visual points that could help me along the way. 
The sky is almost darkened by the setting sun and I try to hurry so I don’t get stuck on the side of this cliff when it’s completely pitch dark. In my haste, I slip on some of the rocks just enough to send them soaring over the edge. I forget to not look down as I gather my footing and watch the rocks spiral downwards into a would-be abyss. I suck in a breath of air as I focus my eyes back on the trail ahead. Mind over matter Emma, mind over matter; I have to keep reminding myself.
Thankfully I make it down the cliff just as the sun has breathed its last ray. Opening my bag I pull out the flashlight I found under Kai’s kitchen sink. I forgot to check to see if it worked, and am utterly relieved to find the light shining brilliantly when I switch it on. It is so spooky out here in the middle of the night. The sounds of wildlife are immediately apparent as I find a decent trail that looks to be going in the direction of the waterfall. A deep throaty pig sound, probably that of a boar, rings in the distance. It’s frightening to be out here alone, away from the safety of Kai, but I know that it has to be done. That thought alone is what keeps me moving. I grab my bag and descend onto the trail.



 CHAPTER 19 (SHOW DOWN)

At least two hours have passed and I’m pretty positive that I must be thoroughly lost. My feet ache and my chest feels like it’s going to explode from exertion. The wind has picked up making the foliage whip back and forth. It sends an eerie whistling sound throughout the valley. At least the wind pushed the storm clouds across the island quickly before they could release any rain. 
I’ve been moving fast trying to keep my mind from wandering to thoughts of what I’m up against. I’ve fallen a few times and my hands and knees are scraped up. I feel the sting but it doesn’t bother me. It reminds me that I’m alive. As long as I’m alive I have a chance. I try to psych myself up with encouraging thoughts like, you can do this Emma, you can kick Night Marcher butt, girls rule, Night Marchers drool.... I will be that little engine who could. I have to be! I have a family to go back to. I have a life. I have Kai.... I have Tristan... I shut my brain off with that last thought and keep moving my feet forward.
I come to a clearing in which I can finally see further than just a few feet ahead of me. In the distance about half a mile away is another grouping of trees leading upwards into the night. If my memory is correct I saw this clearing from the cliff above the Menehunes cave. If I keep going forward I should be really close to the waterfall. Hope surges through me. I set a quicker pace as I start walking towards the trees. Far off to my left a spark catches my eye. It’s so far away that I have to stop to try to refocus my eyes. I see it again. My heart starts pounding and the anxiety starts setting in. It’s a flame. I’m certain of it. It’s so far away, but it’s them. I know it! I start running across the clearing. I need to get to that spot where Kai and I saw them before they get there. I need to have a few minutes head start of them to get myself ready. 
I hit the tree line and slow my pace to a brisk walk. I can’t afford an injury so I have no choice but to take my time going through the foliage. In less than fifteen minutes I’m there at the waterfall. The moon is lighting up the waterfall making the whole area look so enchanting. There’s an iridescent white moon-bow that looks like an archway to the falls’ base. It’s so faint I can barely make it out but it’s there. I’ve only heard about moon-bows and seen them on the internet. I’ve never seen one in person. It’s quite magical. 
I’m stirred from the moment when I hear the distant boom-boom, boom-boom of the drum. There’s no time. I head to the trail where Kai found me last time. I follow it all the way out to the clearing at the cliffs edge. I move over to the boulder where Kai and I once hid. Dropping my bag to the ground I can hear the beating of the drums getting closer. I only have a few minutes before they arrive. I open my bag and get out my Ihe. I unwrap it carefully and feel the short spear’s weight in my right hand. I perform a few practice moves. 
My heart is beating so fast that I think it might jump right out of my chest. Since it’s just me, I can be honest with myself. I am beyond afraid. I have no idea if I can do this. I don’t want to see that thing again! The thought of it all makes me want to pee my pants I’m so scared but I have no choice. I pray that if I do die tonight that I go to heaven. I don’t want to be stuck marching with those things forever. The thought of becoming one of them makes my stomach roll with intense nausea. That mixed with the anxiety running amuck within me I can’t stop myself, I move away from my bag and wretch violently. I hadn’t eaten anything in a while so mostly I find myself just dry heaving. When the convulsions stop I take several deep breaths trying to steady my nerves and my heartbeat. 
As the drums near I think of the ones I love. It might seem pessimistic but I have three letters in my bag just in case. One letter has paragraphs for My Dad, Kaylee and Alani. The other two letters are for Tristan and Kai. I want everyone to know how much I love them and why I had to do what I had to do. It’s my last ditch effort to try to give a small dose of comfort to my loved ones. Pain hits my heart when I think about never seeing them again. 
I look up to see the first flame only a few feet from the clearing. I feel like I’m experiencing déjà vu. This time is identical to the last time except Kai isn’t here with me. I think of Kai. I wonder if he’s noticed that I’m gone yet. I hope he understands that I couldn’t let him sacrifice himself for me. 
The wind picks up even more ferociously than before and starts whipping my hair about as the first Night Marcher breaks out into the clearing. I make sure to keep my head down. I’m certainly not going to chance meeting the eyes of any more Night Marchers. I don’t think I can handle a battle against more than one evil spirit!
I watch them march from the waist down, dozens upon dozens of spirits marching stoically not deviating from their path. I wonder how many of them sealed their fate by staring into a Night Marchers eyes. 
The eerie glow they cast makes my stomach churn with terror. I watch as the flickers of the flames from their torches dance across the ground. The Night Marchers cast no shadows. I find myself a bit mesmerized by the footprints that are being pressed into the earth by their invisible feet. I just keep watching as foot after invisible foot press into the soft, earthy ground. 
I pull myself out of a daze when I realize that the procession may be nearing its end. I have to stay focused and ready for when Kao’s row appears. I keep my gaze low but I follow the rows with my eyes back towards the tree line looking for the last one.
The nerves start kicking in when I think about what’s at the end of this procession…Kai’s brother. It’s still mind boggling to think that this evil creature is Kai’s twin brother. They look so attractively alike even though Kao is an evil spirit and obviously a horrible being. No matter what he looks like this will end tonight. I’m here to finish this and after this I plan on never seeing another Night Marcher again... If I make it through this. I scold myself for thinking of the, if part. I have to set myself with confidence to succeed! 
A torch falls to the ground several feet in front of me. He has stepped out of line. This is it! I allow myself to look up and see the spitting image of Kai in front of me; only this thing is not Kai. This is Kao. I must keep reminding myself that, otherwise I will not be able to go through with my mission. He is evil and his black eyes are filled with hatred. I don’t know why, my only transgression was having the misfortune of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. I think about how unfair this is. I did nothing to this thing and yet it wants to kill me. It wants to take my soul! It has already taken me from my family, it has made me scared, and it has made me fight. At seventeen years old I should be hanging out with my friends going bowling or eating at Red Hot Mama’s. Not training to kill a Night Marcher! Anger starts bubbling within me at this whole situation. Anger for how Kao has messed with my life. Anger for how Kao has hurt Kai by killing his first love. I hold onto all of this anger and let it seethe inside me in hopes that it will give me the momentum to kill this thing.
It is now or never! I grab my Ihe and charge straight for Kao while remembering Master Chucks teachings: be one step ahead of your opponent, take them off guard, when it comes to a blade type weapon go into the fight considering yourself already cut as to not be startled by your fear of the blade. With all my might in one swift movement I use my Ihe in the way I was taught to separate Kao’s Ihe from his hand. I’m amazed when it falls to the ground swiftly just like I had practiced so many times in the dojo. Not allowing myself to have any sort of victory moment I run with all my might and grab up his Ihe while doing a stunt man worthy slide landing me directly behind Kao. He turns around with a stunned expression, his solid black eyes wider and more creepy than before. I don’t hesitate in that second to take my opportunity to stab Kao in the upper right shoulder blade hoping that I hit him in the heart, if he even has one. I winch the Ihe back and wait for Kao to fall… I can’t believe it could be so easy to get to him! I can’t believe I actually stabbed this thing, Kai’s brother, with his own weapon! It’s strange; he in all reality should be a spirit, untouchable, like a mist. Yet I definitely met friction when I stuck the blade in him. As if his body is still made of a plausible mass, not an apparition. I look at where the Ihe entered his body and find that while there is a fading slash, not a single drop of blood has leaked out. If he’s not made up of blood, what is his life force made up of? And, more importantly, why hasn’t he fallen? 
An evil smile begins to spread slowly across Kao’s face. His eyes grow wider as a terrifying laugh emits from his lips. He cocks his head to the side as if challenging me and then whispers in a taunting voice, “Heleya.” 
Crap! This is supposed to work! I did what I was trained to do and it’s not working! On top of that this thing thinks I’m Heleya or something. I look again to where I stabbed him and now there is nothing, no mark, still no blood, nothing. I waste no time and lift the Ihe again to stab him in the stomach and still, nothing. I pull it back and slash it across his leg... He doesn’t even flinch. I pull back and aim for his ribs. The Ihe sticks there, I try to pull it out but in the same instant Kao grabs hold of my wrist and twists my arm back in such a quick movement that my brain doesn’t fully register the snapping sound it just heard until a scream of pain echoes throughout the clearing. It’s not until a few seconds later that I realize that the scream came from me. I look down and see my arm lying limp against the side of my body. It’s unreal, no matter how much my brain tells it to move, nothing happens. I pick it up with my other arm and pull it in close to my body as agony tears through it. I’m not sure why I pull it in close; it’s on instinct, like if I left it dangling there it would just eventually fall off or something.  
I pull my gaze away from my arm and will my brain to focus away from the searing pain. I look up at Kao who is looking at me with a sinister expression. He grabs the handle of his Ihe and slowly pulls it out from between his ribs. Not a single sign of pain shows on his face. Once it’s free he picks up my Ihe that I dropped earlier, holds it out appraisingly and with a mocking expression he breaks the metal blade away from its handle letting it fall to the ground at his feet. 
He looks down at the damage he’s caused and then back at me. A half smile made up of all that is evil spreads across his lips. He knows he is going to win! I don’t believe he had ever doubted it to begin with. I am his prey and he has cornered me. Tears stream down my face as I come to see; I don’t have a fighting chance. I probably never had one. I am going to either die or become a Night Marcher myself. I fall to my knees waiting for him to take me. Hoping this will be quick and painless. 
I hear a warrior’s cry in the distance. I look up at Kao who must not have heard anything, he is still gloating over me. It’s like he’s toying with me, moving slowly to pull back his spear. He’s drawing this out. His eyes narrow into slits. 
I close my eyes thinking that my life would pass before me in the face of death. I don’t have flash backs though. I only have one scene in my head and it gives me peace. I’m on a swing and my mom is behind me smiling. I’m not three like in my photo, no... I’m seventeen. Maybe, if I die... I will see her again. I can almost smell that lavender and vanilla with a touch of baby powder. I can almost feel the heat of the sun behind us warming me and hear the sounds of the birds chirping and kids playing. I turn around to look at my mother’s face. It’s been so long since I’ve seen her in real life. She gives me a smile so full of love that I feel enveloped in it. She tells me, “I love you this much Emma.” She pulls her hands back behind her like she used to do. The sound of her voice is like coming home. I’ve longed to hear that sound for fourteen years. In that moment I wonder if perhaps I’m already dead, maybe Kao’s already killed me. If so, I’m grateful that I didn’t feel anything. 
I’m jostled from my tiny piece of heaven when I hear another warrior cry so loud that it’s nearly on top of me. I open my eyes to see Kao readying his spear. In the instant that I want to close my eyes and go back to my safe place with my mom, I see him. He’s so quick it’s almost inhuman and the cry coming from his mouth is so guttural it’s almost animalistic. It’s Kai!
I suck in a sharp breath as my eyes become fixated on Kai. He stands in front of Kao and stares straight into his eyes. A look of knowing is shared before Kao raises his spear and stabs Kai straight through his middle. Kao’s spear exits through Kai’s back.
“Noooo!!!” I scream over and over as I watch helplessly, paralyzed in horror. Kao pulls the spear towards himself, which brings Kai closer to him and further from me. A thin cloud of smoke permeates the air between the two as Kai is pulled towards his brother making it hard for me to see clearly. By the time that they are nose to nose the smoke is so thick that I’m gagging on it and my eyes are watering. I can’t see anything at all. I think that perhaps they both disappeared. I start yelling for Kai. In an instant the smoke dissipates as if it were never there in the first place. Kai and Kao are standing there. Kai turns towards me and as I register his eyes the air is knocked from my lungs. I try to gasp in breaths as I feel like my chest is collapsing. This human in front of me is not Kai. It’s Kao! The irises of his eyes are still black as coal but there is now white behind them as there should be. He has human flesh now and is no longer clothed with a ghostly tint. He drops his spear. I watch in horror as my Kai reluctantly picks it up. They have switched places! Kai looks towards me, his grey eyes dark as storm clouds casting the reflection of the torch flame that is still lying on the ground. He no longer has the look of a human man, but that of an apparition. I shake my head as tears stream down my face. Kai looks like he wants to take a step towards me but he’s being pulled by an unseen force. He unwillingly picks up Kao’s torch from the ground and turns from me then heads towards the procession. It all happens so fast I barely have time to register what has occurred. Kai is leaving me! He is no longer human; he’s one of them!
Out of the corner of my eye I see Kao coming towards me. I cringe scooting backwards until my back is against the boulder. He reaches me a second later, leans down, cups my chin, forcing me to get up and stand. Kai turns towards us. He has the same look of hatred that Kao had for me when he was a Night Marcher. Although, this time it’s not aimed at me, it’s aimed at Kao. Kai looks like he is trying to move towards us but is held in place by unseen chains. The two brothers lock eyes. Kao reaches down, takes my uninjured hand, and places an intimate kiss on the top of it, all the while keeping his eyes locked on his brother. A shiver of repulsion for Kao shakes through my body. I look to Kai and I can see the anger and hatred rolling off him as some invisible force drove him to turn away from us pulling him into the procession. 
Kao laughs evilly. 
I yank my hand away from Kao and start running towards the procession. “Kai, no, no, Kai!” I just keep screaming. “Kai, don’t leave me! You can’t leave me!” I run as fast as I can. The whole time I’m screaming he doesn’t turn. It’s as if when he’s a part of the procession he can’t hear me. He just continues marching. I’m gaining on them and I have plans to just grab ahold of Kai with my good hand and pull him from the marching trance that he’s in. My plan falters when my foot catches on the root of a tree and I go tumbling forward so quickly that I can’t catch myself with only one good arm. My head slams into a rock. As I feel the darkness overtake me I hear my name being called over and over again in the distance. “Emma! Emma...”



CHAPTER 20 (PAIN)

“Emma, Emma!” I’m being carried. My hurt arm is aching and stings horribly. 
“Kai?” I open my eyes. It’s not Kai... It’s Tristan! His eyes are filled with intense worry and he’s carrying me. He stops when he sees that I’m awake. My head is spinning so much I try to will it to stop so I can think.
“Emma, oh my gosh are you okay?” He falls to his knees all the while still holding me. He settles me across his lap and uses one of his arms to push the hair from my face.
His hand comes away and I can see blood on it. I’m pretty sure it’s my blood. 
“No.” I barely manage to say. My throat is so hoarse and cracked from screaming. 
“I’m so sorry Emma. What happened?” He looks at me and then an apologetic expression fills his face once he can see that I’m obviously having trouble talking and I’m in too much pain to be pushed for an explanation.
“I will get you home. Emma, don’t worry, you are safe now. I’ve got you.” Tristan says determinedly. He manages to get back to his feet while still holding me in his arms. It’s been so long since I saw him that I forgot how strong he is. Looking at him I wonder why he doesn’t have a shirt on. I look down at my injured arm and see that he’s used his shirt for a makeshift sling to cradle my arm. 
My head is pounding so hard and my arm is screaming at me. I feel the blackness trying to overtake me again and the last thing I see before I pass out in Tristan’s arms is our waterfall.



EPILOGUE

I didn’t wake up for two days. When I did, I was laying in my bed. There where hospital monitors dotted all around the room connected to me. Tristan was in the room along with a nurse. When they announced that I had come-to my dad and Alani came rushing in. They all told me how worried they were about me. When they tried to ask me what happened, I would always shake my head and clam up. I was not ready to talk about it. The doctor told them that I was in shock and that I would be able to come to terms with whatever happened when I was ready. He warned them not to push me, thankfully. 
For the remainder of that day Tristan didn’t leave my side except for when my dad came in to check on me. My dad looks at Tristan in a compassionate fatherly way and says, “Why don’t you go and get something to eat. You will be no good to Emma if you pass out on her.” Tristan gets up and places a light kiss on my forehead before he leaves the room. Tristan has been so amazing, just sitting quietly reading his book in the room with me. Not forcing a conversation or hovering over me in any way. He was just there, lending his strength to me through his silent support. 
When Tristan leaves and closes the door my dad takes a seat next to me on the bed. He pushes some hair that has fallen in my eyes out of the way and pats my hand. I can tell that it pains him to see me hurt and helpless. He clears his throat and says, “So, Kaylee has been calling every hour on the hour to check on you. The Kealoha’s paid for her to fly up here this weekend. That was the earliest we could get her here.” 
In that moment I am full of gratitude. If there was anyone that I could talk to about what happened it would be Kaylee. “Thanks dad.” My throat feels so scraped up from screaming, that my words come out in a croak. 
“I love you so much Emma.” My dad breaks down and allows some tears to escape from his eyes as I reach my hand out and put it on his. “I was so worried about you. I prayed daily for you and you know that I don’t pray often…I am so glad you are home.” He takes a deep breath then gets up and walks over to my bathroom to grab a Kleenex. When he comes back in he’s composed himself again. 
“I love you too dad. I’m so sorry.” I say barely above a whisper. Now it’s my time to cry and I allow the tears to fall freely down my cheek. 
“No Emma, don’t worry. The important thing is that you are safe.” He goes back into the bathroom and comes back with another tissue, which he uses to wipe my tears away. “Well I guess we are just a bunch of blubbering babies today.” He says with an attempt at being light hearted. 
I give him a pitifully weak smile. My dad sighs and then says, “I’m going to let you get some more rest honey. I love you.” He gives me a kiss on the forehead and then turns to leave. 
I yawn which makes my throat burn with fire. I guess I do need rest. Tristan returns a moment later with a sandwich in his hand and quietly takes a seat on the recliner that I guess they moved in here for him. Knowing I’m safe at least in this moment I allow myself to drift off into a dreamless sleep.
It’s another day before I’m allowed up and out of bed. The hospital monitors are all gone now. I still have a follow up appointment next week but as of right now they say I’m in the clear. The doctor said that my arm is healing at a miraculous speed. He has never seen anything like it before. He was truly puzzled when the results of my blood test came in. Apparently the calcium levels in my blood are alarmingly high and there is a strange magnetic quality to my blood that he has never seen before. He let me know that he wants to run more tests because as of right now they are inconclusive. His estimate is that it will be fully healed within a week. I wonder if the drink Kai had given me played a factor in this. 
I spend the day with my Dad, Tristan and Alani. We just take it easy and eat Hawaiian food while watching classic movies all day. I only say a hand full of words throughout the whole day. I’m grateful for the movies that fill in the awkward silence. I know that everyone must want answers so badly. Out of fear of causing more harm, they don’t press me at all. 
Even if they were to lay thousands of pounds of pressure on me, I wouldn’t fold. After all, I haven’t even processed all that has happened yet; how could I explain it to anyone else? I feel as if there is a giant gaping hole inside my chest. I try to will myself to not think about Kai but how can I not? He sacrificed himself for me. He is now a Night Marcher because of ME! I don’t pay attention to any of the movies that we watch; I just try to rack my brain to find a way to get Kai back. I can’t just leave him with them. I have to save him. I’m filled with the worry of who he is now. Is he evil now? I think back at how he looked at me after he turned. Our eyes met each other but he didn’t come after me or try to kill me like Kao did when we first locked eyes a week ago. I could see the sadness in Kai’s eyes not hatred like that of Kao’s. This must mean that Kai is not evil. I don’t think he could ever be bad anyway. The more I think about it, the more questions pop into my head. I wonder if it’s possible that not all Night Marchers are evil. Perhaps only if they were evil before they turned like Kao was. I wonder where Kao is now. I pray that I never have to see him again. My head starts to pound from all the questions running rampant through my brain. I do my best to shut them off and try to follow the story line of ‘Breakfast at Tiffany’s,’ which is playing on the TV in front of me. 
Audrey Hepburn’s rendition of Moon River is interrupted by the sound of the doorbell. Alani gets up to go get it and quickly comes back to let me know that I have a visitor. My heart starts racing as I hope that it might be Kai. Maybe he’s better! I mean, if he were still a Night Marcher, I’m sure Alani would be screaming or something. I rush to the door and am disappointed to find Mrs. Kealoha standing in the entry hall. I’m not sure why she would have come to see me and I’m not sure why she would ring the doorbell of her own house.
“Hello Emma.” Mrs. Kealoha says nervously. This strikes me as a bit strange since the last time we met, she seemed like such a strong and sure woman.
“Hi.” I say back a little uncertain.
“When I heard that you were injured I was so worried. I wanted to come and check on you sooner but I didn’t want to overwhelm you. How are you feeling?” 
I can tell that her words seem sincere, like she is truly worried about me, but I can also sense that there is an underlining motive for her presence here tonight. “I am feeling better.” I reply. 
“Good. Um. Do you mind if I ask what happened?” 
“Honestly, I don’t feel ready to talk about it.” Ah there it is. She’s curious. Maybe she’s worried that my dad will move us out of here now. That thought makes my heart ache as I think about leaving Kai here to spend eternity wandering the island as a Night Marcher.
“Okay. I understand.” She says quietly and turns to walk away. There’s something in her look and her stance that makes me ache for her. It’s as if I let her hopes down when I told her that I didn’t want to talk about it. Her shoulders are hunched forward as she leaves through the front door. 
I follow her outside and reach out to gently tap her on the back. “Mrs. Kealoha, what’s wrong?”
She turns towards me and there are tears in her eyes. My heart breaks a little when I see the sorrow there. “Emma, I just thought… I mean, I know you were gone for a few days… Tristan, he found you on the trail.” 
She’s having trouble saying whatever she’s trying to say so I try to encourage her by saying, “It’s okay Mrs. Kealoha. What are you trying to say?”
“I guess I’m trying to ask you… Well, I’ll just spit it out. Did you see them? The Night Marchers?” 
“What?” I barely manage to say. My head starts spinning as the image of the Night Marchers comes to my mind. How does she know? I have to steady myself by grabbing the front porch railing with my good hand. 
She stares at me intently; I’m guessing she’s trying to find a way to get me to talk without causing me any emotional harm by pressing me too far. “I just thought, that maybe you may have seen them. I’m not trying to be pushy; I just was hoping to find out if you did see them… What I’m trying to say is that if you saw them, the Night Marchers, maybe you saw my son.” She choked on the last two words. I can tell it pained her to say them. She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a picture of a boy about my age. 
Her hand shakes as she puts the picture in my hand that I’ve removed from the railing. I stare at it. I haven’t seen this boy before today. I wish I could give her better news. “I’m sorry, but I didn’t see him.” I say sadly.
“Emma, are you sure? He wouldn’t look like this picture. You see Noa, that’s his name, he’s one of them now. They took him, six months ago. He was out hiking with some friends and they told me that he locked eyes with one. His friends were scared so they ran. We sent search parties out for weeks looking for him. Nothing ever turned up. No body, no trace of him at all. My husband doesn’t believe what I believe. I think they took him. That’s why I made my husband hire your dad. I need to know. If I could just know, even if he is a Night Marcher now, maybe I will have peace. I have been left with nothing. He was my baby Emma.” Tears are spilling down her cheeks as she reaches out and places her hand on my arm. “Did you see him, at all? In the ranks of the Night Marchers?”
I reach up to my cheeks to wipe away my own tears, tears of sorrow for her lost son and for Kai. “I am so sorry. I didn’t see your son Mrs. Kealoha.”
She stands there and looks crushed, as if the weight of my words just smashed her to the ground. I feel utterly helpless staring at her. I wish I could have given her the news she wanted so badly. 
I hear the door open behind me. Tristan walks out and looks at the two of us. He can tell that I’m hurting so he puts his arm around me lending me some of his strength. “Are you two okay?” He asks.
When I look up at Mrs. Kealoha I can see that she has composed herself again. She nods and says to me, “Thank you for talking to me Emma. I hope that you heal quickly. Have a good night.”
“You too.” I say back to her. After all, there’s not much I can say to her to give her any comfort. She’s lost so much; she’s broken, and so am I. I’m grateful to have Tristan’s arm around me holding me up. If he weren’t here, I’m certain that I would have just melted into the ground. We both stand there silently as Mrs. Kealoha slides into her limo. I look down and realize that I still have the picture of her son in my hands. The picture looks like one of those ones you take in school with the blue background. He is a rather handsome boy who looks so full of life. I wish I could help her find him. 
	Tristan turns me to him and looks into my eyes. “Emma, are you alright? Did she upset you?” I almost think that I can see a hint of anger inside him. It’s certainly a different side of Tristan that I hadn’t seen before.
I shake my head no. I feel a bit guilty. Tristan is here, standing by my side trying to hold me up and not pressure me through all of this. And here I am, accepting his comfort all the while thinking of Kai and how I can help save him. I turn into him and give him a long hug. Although, I feel guilty, I need this. I need to feel comfort and safety in the midst of all of this chaos that has come into my life. I breathe in the scent of Axe body spray all the while longing for Kai.
Around nine p.m. I say my goodnights and head off to my room for bed. I take the picture of Mrs. Kealoha’s son, Noa and place it on my nightstand. Reaching into my pocket I pull out the picture of my mom. I place it next to Noa’s picture. This life is so full of unanswered questions, injustices… the unknown. How can people be so full of life one day and gone the next? It seems so wrong, yet I know in my heart that everything has a purpose. I wonder what my purpose is. I close my eyes and offer a silent prayer to God asking that he take care of Mrs. Kealoha’s son… and my mom… and Kai. 
Opening my eyes I register a movement in my peripheral vision on the patio. It was so quick and slight; I would have missed it had I opened my eyes any later. My heart starts racing with fear as I head towards the door to investigate. At first I don’t see anything but when I get closer I see that the person on my patio is half the size of a normal human. It’s a Menehune! My heart starts returning to normal when I realize that there’s no threat. I step outside and find Paul. It’s extremely dark outside so I flip the patio light switch on.
I gasp! I couldn’t tell in the dark but now in the light I can see that he’s hurt. He looks like he’s been beaten! He’s standing on my patio shaking like a leaf. He’s covered in scratches and contusions and he has a black eye beginning to form. 
“EEeemma....” He says, shaking and stuttering.
“Paul, are you okay?!” I ask freaking out. 
He starts shaking his head back and forth wildly. “Nooo... He’s ggot hiiim. He... liiike Kkkai bbuttt nnottt liiikke Kkaii.” I can barely understand him he’s stuttering so badly. “He won’ttt sstop till hee hass it...” 
 “Got who? Has what Paul?” I’m starting to get angry, not because I can’t understand him, but because something, someone, did this to him. An innocent Menehune boy! 
“Tthe Chhieefs bbbones.” He says and then looks at me with tears streaming down his face. “Hhee hhas Aadamm!”
I suck in a quick breath. “No!” 

Hoʻomau ʻia Mahope aku 
Continued Later...



Acknowledgements:

We would like to take the opportunity to thank God first and foremost for your son and all of your many blessings. A special thank you to our husbands for their patience through all of our countless Skype dates and midnight writing rendezvous that kept us apart many a nights. Thank you to our family and friends for allowing us to bounce ideas off y’all and for giving us invaluable input. A special shout out to Starbucks for staying open late, offering free Wi-Fi and keeping the coffee pots going. A celebrity shout out to Taylor Swift for inspiring lyrics making us feel fearless and to Chuck Norris who fueled many late night pick-me-ups because we all know Chuck Norris doesn’t sleep…he waits. Last but not least, thanks to all of you readers out there who gave us the opportunity to share our very first story.

Special Edition Acknowledgements:
Wow, it's so hard to believe that we are coming upon a full year since Night Marchers was first released. This was our first book and it holds such a special place in our heart. It's been a road of ups and downs as we've continued on our journey to write great stories. We appreciate all of the support we have received from book blogs, our favorite Facebook pages, our family and friends and most of all from our fans. Your encouragement kept us writing. Those little Facebook posts, Goodreads comments and emails that told us that you loved our books, made our hearts soar and made us want to write even better for you. Thank you to everyone who has taken the time to review our book and thank you to everyone who continues to read our work. Like anything in life, our writing improves with practice. We hope that you will continue to allow us to share our stories with you. 

We want to thank God first and foremost for making our dreams of becoming authors a reality. We are so blessed to be able to continue doing what we love. A special thank you to everyone who read our book the first time around and still loved it with the errors and all. Thank you to Mandy Buchanan with LEO Editing for polishing Night Marchers for us. A giant hug goes out to our friend Marya Heiman with Strong Image Editing who is an amazing cover artist. You are the reason people click on our book first, before reading the description. Last but not least: a giant thank you to our Awesome Sauce Street Team who are out there on the front lines helping us spread the word about our books. Alicia Guest Hall, Amy Stogner, Ashley Wood, Belinda Gallant, Bella Belikov Colella, Cassie Chavez, Cassie Hoffman, Colleen Reilly, Irayda Quezada, Jaime Cross, Jenny Bynum, Jovhanna Caltzontzi, Karissa Stephens, Kristin Scearce Kim, Kristy Hamilton, Krystal Marlein, Lori Decker Fenn, Mayra Arellano, Melanie Martin, Melanie Newton, Skinner, Nikki Archer, Pam Mandigo, Samantha Truesdale. We appreciate you so much! 

About the Authors:
Rebecca and Courtney are downhome country girls powered by chocolate and other random late night cravings. Coined in southern twang they bring new meaning to the word y’all. BFI’s since the 6th grade, with a knack for getting into sticky situations, has resulted in countless ideas to write about for years to come. 



SPECIAL FEATURES:

Thank your for reading Night Marchers. For this new re-release we have decided to include a few extra special features for our fabulous fans. We hope you enjoy them! 
1. Special scene from Kai's point of view.
2.Deleted extended paragraph from Kai's point of view.
3.Where did you get that idea from?
4.Redemption (A Night Marchers Novel) reviews, description and first chapter.
5.Project ELE reviews, description and first chapter
6.Chuck Norris Jokes
7.Links and ways to connect



KAI P.O.V. 

"No!" I sit up gasping for breath. Looking around my small room I realize that it was only another vision. Steadying my racing heart, I comb my hands through my hair and get out of bed. 
The natural light streaming in through the window tells me it's late afternoon. I couldn't have been asleep for more than an hour. So much for trying to take a nap. I barely got any sleep last night. After I saw her, I couldn't bring myself to leave. I've been having the same visions for years. I thought they were nightmares of my Heleya but no, yesterday changed everything. She is real! The girl from my dreams, the one who looks like my lost love. 
When I saw her yesterday my heart nearly stopped. I thought I had finally gone insane. The possibility had even occurred to me that I was dead and finally reuniting with Heleya. Then I saw the boy who accompanied the girl and I knew that this was no vision. An odd sense of jealousy ignited within me and I did my best to push it aside. 
I stayed hidden in the distance making sure she was safe. In my visions I always see her swimming. Such a simple action, yet there never ceases to be an intense underlying feeling of fear and anxiety that could only foreshadow the danger that follows her closely. 
I couldn't bring myself to leave her last night. It wasn't until the sun had risen to it's highest that I made my way back home. 
The visions come more frequently now. I change my clothes, grab an apple and decide to find her again. Something bad is looming over the girl and I have an ever-pressing need to stay near her. I don't know who she is, but the resemblance to my Heleya is eerily remarkable. 
The walk to the beach passes quickly. Standing amongst the dense foliage, I look out onto the water that I've become so familiar with. I feel like I know every grain of sand, every wave that strokes it and the sky that lines the horizon on this part of the island. For more years than I can count, I've been coming here. Looking for something I didn't know existed. 
A movement off in the distance catches my eye. I look over to see the girl walking down the beach. A lump is stuck in my throat and my stomach clenches at the sight of her. This is not my Heleya. I feel as if I've chanted the same reminder to myself at least a hundred times since I first saw her yesterday. Even still, I can't stop the emotions that stir in my chest at the sight of her. Her long flowing hair is the perfect color of chestnut. She walks with elegant poise down to the shoreline . Her eyes are filled with wonder as she looks off into the vast Pacific. 
She hasn't noticed me and I question whether I should introduce myself. What would I say though? My name is Kai and I've been dreaming about you for hundreds of years? No. Or, My name is Kai and may I just say that you bear a striking resemblence to my dead fiancé? That would surely not scare the girl off. 
I watch her wade into the water. I wish I knew her name. If only I could bring myself to ask her for it. Watching her swim off into the distance, the uneasy feeling begins building up inside of me. She should not be swimming alone. Does she not know how dangerous that is? I move out onto the beach, prepared to help her if the need should arise. The feeling of danger sticks with me as I recall the visions that were nearly identical to this scene. Is this the reason I had them? Was I warned in advance to protect her? 
The girl swam too far out. I worry that I will need to go in to retrieve her if the tide continues to pull her away. As if sensing my worry, she turns around to head back to shore. I'm not close enough to see her eyes but I can tell that she sees me. She treads water for a moment staring in my direction. My body tenses and I open my mouth to call out Aloha, but nothing releases from my tongue. Instead I watch in horror as a wave builds and takes her down underneath its crushing force. 
I slip off my shoes and take off in a run. The second my toes hit the water she bobs back up. I breathe a huge sigh of relief that only comes out halfway because a new wave, larger than the last, takes her under again. I wait for a second to see if she will surface but it seems like an eternity. 
I dive in and come up a few feet from shore to see her surface. I stand up in the water that is only waist high and stare at her. Only a hundred feet or so separate her from me. She stares at me with a curious expression. I can sense her intention to introduce herself and a feeling of hope sores within me. I am going to finally meet this girl from my dreams. I will finally learn her name. I fight off the nervous energy and watch her dive under the water and swim towards me. 
A sound of a slamming door in the distance startles me. I look back to see the boy from yesterday running from the house towards the path. I don't hesitate; I quickly wade back to shore and run towards the tree line. I want to meet her, but I certainly don't want to explain my presence to this boy. 
A feeling of disappointment envelops me as I watch her surface and look for me. Everything in me wants to go to her but I refrain. I watch her catch sight of the boy. Jealousy builds back up inside me once again. I listen in as he chides her for swimming alone. She apologizes but doesn't cower which impresses me. Then I hear it. The boy calls her by her name. Emma. The name runs a million laps around my mind as I take it in. It's funny how freeing and how fulfilling a single name can be. I'm taken aback by the magnetic pull, calling me towards the beautiful girl who I now know as Emma. 



KAI P.O.V. (Deleted extended paragraph)

She hasn't noticed me and I question whether I should introduce myself. What would I say though? My name is Kai and I've been dreaming about you for years upon years? No. Or, My name is Kai and may I just say that you bear a striking resemblance to my dead fiancé? That would surely not scare the girl off. Or I could say: Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number. So call me, maybe? I ponder this but decide against it. 



WHERE DID YOU GET THAT IDEA FROM?

This has to be one of the most common questions we get asked from our fans so I figured I’d take the time to answer it. The original concept of our series Night Marchers came along after we had taken a trip to Washington State to do the big ‘Twilight girl’s road trip.’ 

What a crazy week that was! It was easy to see why Stephenie Meyer chose Forks and La Push for her magical books. The place itself is full of mystery and wonder. We wanted something similar for our book’s location, so we set off to Google Earth to find just the right setting.
Our first stop was to check out the areal of La Push and Forks. Lo and behold we found a bunch of islands. Talk about luck! It was at this moment that we decided an island book would be the way to go. It would give us exclusivity and be full of the mystery we were looking for. However, the thing that stopped us from using this was the fact that the scenery in this area was so similar to Twilight we might get reamed for it later. So we set our sights elsewhere.
This next place looked very promising at first: The Solomon Islands off the coast of Papa New Guinea. At first they seemed perfect. A few of the islands were uninhabited and we envisioned maybe Emma originally becoming shipwrecked on one of these islands. However, upon further research we learned just how cold the climate was. And we’re talking really cold…also it’s one of the windiest places on earth. It was beautiful, but not practical. Onward and upward!
Our final stop rests on the Hawaiian Islands. At first we were a bit taken aback by the sheer population of Hawaii at just under 1.4 million people. There goes exclusivity! However, we began searching each of the islands to see if one was any better than the other. I knew that the further to the West the islands go the older and more beautiful the scenery. We thought we scored a home run when we found the island of Nihoa. You can’t really see it from Google Earth because it’s so small, but just imagine it a little to the west of Kauai. It is absolutely breathtaking AND it’s uninhabited!!!
I thought for sure this one would be it…until I looked into the climate and island facts. Apparently there is almost zilch fresh water on the island and it is inhabited by these birds and grasshoppers that make the island miserable. There’s also little to no food; so there goes that. Getting extremely frustrated I almost gave up thinking it wasn’t meant to be. That is until we stumbled upon the legend of the Night Marchers. The more we looked it up, the more it forced us to want to write about it. It’s one of those legends that haven’t had much publicity. It’s originality in and of itself made for good writing! It’s from this legend that the island of Kauai came up. While it’s not exactly uninhabited, it does have many parts of the island that are uninhabited which allowed us to use the story line that was progressing during our many brainstorming sessions. 
When we saw pictures of Honopu Valley we were sold! It's one of the most beautiful places on earth (in my humble opinion). The legends that followed this valley were nothing less than extraordinary. This was it; we found our place. This valley holds not only the legend of the Night Marchers, but also the legend of the Menehune people. I placed a picture of it next to my computer while writing to give me inspiration. Someday Rebecca and I plan on visiting here; to finally see up close and personal, the world in which we used to breathe life into our story. 





Praises for Redemption (A Night Marchers Novel)

"As anyone who follows me or my shared review page will know, I absolutely loved Night Marchers and quickly became a fan of these two very talented authors. It opened my eyes to a new world (which is no easy task) and for me, the story was unique. So did ‘Redemption’ capture my heart and soul like the first book? The answer is simple... Yes! 
“I love our heroine, Emma. She is very realistic and I think a lot of people will relate to her. I’m not giving away the plot line, I don’t want to ruin it for anyone. What I will say briefly is that Emma is torn between two guys who love her dearly. Well, send Kai to me and you can have Kao? Just a suggestion. 
“Redemption has a lot more action and reads at a much quicker pace. Action packed from beginning to end. It keeps you glued to the pages and constantly wanting more. The book is also very ‘visual’. By that I mean, I can see everything crystal clear, I feel as though I am literally inside the book, walking beside this colourful bunch of characters. That to me is very important. I believe this series would be great for the big screen and I would definitely be one of the first in line to go and see it. 
“I’m looking forward to reading more by these two authors, and recommend anyone who loves a unique story, filled with action, myths and romance to read these amazing novels. " ~Review by Lindsay Kendal, Author of Bloodlines
"Firstly I'd just like to say a Mahusive congrats to the girl's Rebecca and Courtney on the sequel to Night Marchers. It took me literally 9 hours altogether to read Redemption. I "needed" another fix as soon as I was done with Night Marcher's #1 so I was uber excited when the girl's posted on their page asking for potential reviewers for the book. I jumped at the chance and I am soooo glad I did." ~Mikila Marshall, Paranormal Romance Addiction



REDEMPTION (A Night Marchers Novel) 

He would endure a thousand deaths for her, but would she let him? Torn between two men that love her, Emma Townsend is forced to make choices no seventeen-year-old should ever be forced to make. With her friends at her side, Emma embarks on an adventure full of danger, deceit and betrayal as she tries to redeem Kai, the man who made the ultimate sacrifice for her. When Emma discovers that setting a Night Marcher free is no easy task, she is forced to make a very unlikely alliance. How far will Emma be willing to go to save Kai, and will she be able to do so before it's too late? 
Redemption is the second book in the Night Marchers series. Turn the page for a preview of Redemption.



CHAPTER ONE

 “Dad, slow down!” I scream at him with tears of frustration falling freely down my cheeks. My father is driving my convertible like a bat out of hell. The infuriating part is that I have no idea where we’re headed or why he’s in such a rush. Salty air blows in my face as we wind down a road that snakes through the lush rain forest. The scenery passes by us in a green blur.
My dad just glances over at me through his peripheral vision without uttering a word. I’ve never seen my dad so livid. This is how he’s been since Tristan and I got home earlier this afternoon. 
Tristan is the caretaker’s son. My father and I are currently living in a home in Kauai, Hawaii owned by the Kealoha’s; a wealthy couple that hired my father to do a documentary on some very real evil spirits called the Night Marchers. Our home comes with its own caretaker, Alani. Alani and her son Tristan live in a small home next to ours. Tristan and I have a bit of history; he was the first person to help me get settled in Hawaii after my father moved us here during my senior year of high school. Tristan and I have some unresolved feelings for each other that I’m not ready to delve into yet. After all, right now I have much larger issues to worry about. 
“Dad, are you going to talk to me? At least tell me where we are going, please!” Suddenly, I realize that my voice has turned into a childlike whine and I can tell it’s not helping the situation. I can see that his mouth twitches slightly but his lips remain sealed. My tears are rendered useless so I brush them aside with the back of my hand. There used to be a time when my crying was all it would have taken to slice through my father’s anger, not anymore. 
I guess I can’t really blame my dad for his fury. Tristan and I were missing for twenty-four hours and, where we were, there was no cell service to allow us to call in and let our parents know that we were okay. For all my dad knew, I had up and disappeared, once again. 
Yes, this isn’t the first time I’ve gone missing. It seems like forever ago, but only a few days back Tristan found me in the forest unconscious and sporting a broken arm. I had been running from an evil Night Marcher who was after my soul. 
My dad makes a sharp turn breaking me from my thoughts. The wind starts whipping hair around my face now that we are angled in a different direction. I hastily try to push it behind my ears only to have it fly back into my face a second later. I didn’t even have time to get a stupid hair band before my dad was dragging me out of the house to the car a few minutes ago... 
When Tristan and I arrived home, both Alani and my dad were at the door waiting for us. I could tell from their haggard appearance that they hadn’t gotten much sleep the night before. Alani took Tristan into her arms immediately with an exasperated hug. She started talking rapidly to Tristan in Pidgin. I had never heard her speak in a different language other than English before. From the nods that Tristan was giving his mom, it was apparent that he must have understood what she was saying, which stunned me.
Guilt hit me hard when I looked away from them to my dad who was raking his fingers through his hair causing it to stick out in all the wrong directions. I’m not sure if my mind was playing tricks on me but his hair seemed to have a lot more salt than pepper in it today. Looking in his eyes, I could see the exhaustion; I doubt he got much sleep last night. I don’t recall having ever seen my dad look so worn-down. 
I was standing still just staring at my dad. I had expected him to embrace me in a hug or yell at me or do something. So I was surprised when the only words from his lips were, “Emma, go take a shower.” 
I looked down at myself and sighed. I hadn’t realized how ragged I looked. My clothes were covered in mud and grass stains. Threads were hanging down from the right knee of my jeans where there was a hole stained with blood. I knew by now that if I inspected my knee where I had fallen yesterday, all I would find is a fading scar, no proof of where the staining blood would have come from. I’ve been healing at rapid speeds lately. 
Questioningly, I looked back up and into my dad’s eyes. He kept his gaze firm and steady then gestured with his head towards the hallway that lead to my room. “Fine!” I spat out of irritation then stomped off to my bedroom to take a shower. 
It took me a while to find something to wear after my shower. My closet seemed devoid of clean clothing. I guess it was laundry day or something. I settled with a plain white tee and a fresh pair of jeans. After running the brush through my knotted hair I stood for a few seconds looking at my reflection. I hadn’t bothered drying my hair and when it was this wet, it looked more black than brown. Mostly though I was taken aback by how much more grown up I looked. It might be psychological but my face looked more mature, less juvenile. Stress and lack of appetite had thinned my cheeks. My brown eyes looked tired and haunted. I’d seen too much and lost what I’m not sure that I will ever get back. I wonder if some day I will again resemble the innocent seventeen year old that I was only a week ago. 
“Emma!” I heard my dad hollering to me from down the hall. I threw on my flip-flops and ran out to meet him. He was at the entryway with my car keys in his hand. I had thought that perhaps he was going to take my car away from me, which I certainly would not have blamed him for. I set my jaw and held my head up high ready to take my just punishment. Instead of grounding me, my dad just told me to get in. Confused I followed him and got into the passenger side of the car, which is where I sit now.
I look over to my dad again to see if he’s softened any, but his jaw is still set on edge. Succumbing to the fact that I will just have to wait and see, I gaze out into the rainforests that line the road. The thick luscious vegetation displayed in numerous shades of green sends shivers down my spine along with unpleasant memories. I’m thankful when we head into a more developed part of the island and I’m able to look at houses and businesses with hotels and tourist shops dotted in between. 
Then it hits me! I know where we are going…the airport! “Dad, what’s going on?” He still doesn’t speak, and his face is set with even more determination the closer we get. I’m instantly set at unease. This can only mean one of two things. One, Kaylee, my best friend, is arriving here a week earlier than expected. Or two, my dad and I are leaving. I pray that it’s the former thought that takes the prize; I can’t leave right now. Anyhow, Kaylee is set to come in next Friday night. The Kealoha’s paid for her ticket to visit me knowing that I would need support after what happened. 
Tristan isn’t the only one who knows about my run in with the Night Marchers. Mrs. Kealoha confronted me about it two days ago. She had earnestly asked me if I had seen her son among the Night Marchers; he had disappeared a few months earlier. From what her son’s friend stated, she believes that her son is now one of them, a Night Marcher. Night Marchers are ancient wandering spirits of soldiers who are believed to wander from their graves to places of battles past. Not all Night Marchers are ancient soldiers though. There are those who choose to turn in order to become immortal, those who became unfortunate slaves due to a curse and most recently one who chose to sacrifice his life for another. Hawaiians believe that looking a Night Marcher in the eyes can strike a curse, which would end in either death or eternal servitude. I not only believe this legend, my experience has proved it true. Mrs. Kealoha's son had locked eyes with a Night Marcher just like I had done. Only he was not so fortunate. He most likely is among their ranks now. For me, someone else took my place…Kai. A knot the size of Texas swells in my chest at the thought of Kai, with his stormy grey eyes. He’s still out there and I have to help him. I push my thoughts of Kai down deep as the airport comes into view up ahead.
I start shifting nervously in my seat when my dad passes the arrivals exit. Anxiety sets in and nausea fills my stomach as my dad pulls into the departures parking lot and takes the key out of the ignition. “Dad…” I say at a tone barely above a whisper. 
He doesn’t respond, he just presses the trunk release button and exits the car. With my heart beating a hundred miles per hour I can do nothing but follow suit. My dad pulls out a suitcase, slams the trunk and says his first words since we left home. “Let’s go Emma.” I instantly wish to have the silence back again. Hearing him finally speak to me in a tone so full of pain and anguish cuts through my heart. Tears well in my eyes as I follow him up to the airport doors. 
I stay standing near the door as my dad continues on towards the ticket counter. The last time I was here in the departure wing I was seeing Tristan off for his two-week training in the Army reserves. It was a time filled with hope: hope for our relationship and hope for our future. Heat hits my cheeks as I think of the kiss we shared before he left. That was when everything seemed so simple.
I don’t believe I will ever look at this place the same again, through eyes of hope. I’m filled with despair at the thought of leaving Kauai. A month ago I would never have believed it when I moved here from Texas. I thought I would hate it here. I don’t though. I have found a new life in such a short time and I can’t leave now, especially not with everything that’s going on. I can’t leave Kai! He needs me! He sacrificed himself to save me! I need to help him!
My dad comes back with a ticket in his hand. “Emma, please don’t cry.” He says compassionately, all hostility now gone.
Instinctively I wipe the tears from my eyes. I hadn’t even realized I was crying. I look to my dad and then down at the ticket in his hand. Ticket as in singular... “Where’s your ticket?” I ask already resigned to the fact that I am obviously the one who that ticket is destined for. 
“Emma, I love you. I can’t even explain how I felt…I mean, when you didn’t come home…. again.” His voice is shaky which is truly hard for me to take, especially coming from a man of my dad’s stature and poise. “I think it was a mistake, my taking you here with me. It’s just too dangerous. I should have agreed with you and allowed you to stay back in Texas. You are not safe here and I don’t know if you understand how hard it is for me to admit that I can’t keep you safe here. The only thing I can do to protect you is to send you home.” His eyes are pleading earnestly to mine.
“I am home dad!” I yell loud enough to make a few people turn and stare. “This is my home now.” I say a little quieter, embarrassed for having caused a scene.
“Emma, you are better off in Texas. I’ve arranged for you to stay with Kaylee and her mom. They will be waiting for you when you land.” 
“No.” I whisper. My spirit deflated. 
My dad grabs my shoulders in earnestness. Looking straight into my eyes he says, “You must go Emma. You are all I have left. I love you too much. I cannot loose you too…” He barely chokes out the last words as tears rim his eyes. 
He’s talking about my mom. We lost her when I was three. She disappeared and was never found again. My hand goes to my jeans pocket reflexively. Thankfully I transferred my mother’s picture into it. I carry it with me everywhere; it’s my only reminder of my mom, a picture of us at the park on my third birthday. 
“I love you.” My dad says and pulls me into a hug more powerful than any we have shared in a long time. I quietly sob in his arms. My heart aches. We stay locked together, my dad just holding me close into him, smoothing his hand over my head again and again in a comforting gesture. It takes me several minutes to stop crying and to pull back. 
I brush the tears away from my eyes and say, “I love you too dad.” We just stare at each other for another minute allowing our souls to speak what words cannot express. Then I gently pluck my ticket from his hand, take the handle for my carry on suitcase and walk towards the security line. 





Praises for Project ELE:

"Project ELE is an intensely unique and enjoyable read. It captures the imagination and invites the reader to explore a post-apocalyptic setting with a multitude of secrets, discoveries and a good dose of betrayal. Think scientific experiments, mostly likeable but also some creepy characters, paranormal abilities, hidden passageways and caverns deep inside a mountain; and then throw into the mix a fat helping of action, suspense, and romance, and you're onto a winner. A must-read for paranormal romance fans of all ages!"~Books4Tomorrow

"For those of you who loved The Hunger Games, Delirium, Matched, Gone series. Then you should check this out." ~Books Are Diamonds

"Loved this book! It kept me interested from beginning to end with all the suspense. Very well written and the characters are amazing. The ending left me with an OMG feeling." ~Mystical World of Book Reviews



PROJECT ELE

Millions have already died, and thousands more are perishing daily. As a last ditch effort to preserve the human race, the government implements Project ELE. With the earth heating at rapid speeds, all remaining survivors are forced to turn to F.E.M.A. shelters to wait out ELE's wrath. 
Fifteen-year-old Willow Mosby's life, as she knows it, ends the moment she walks through the shelter's door. Willow has to quickly adapt to the new challenges that shelter life demands, which includes making new friends and working a full time job.
Soon after making an interesting discovery, Willow and her friends start exhibiting strange abilities. Seeking answers, they embark on a mission to find out what these new abilities mean and whether they are a gift or a curse. 
This new adventure can send her world crashing down around her. The question is: Can Willow survive the fall?
From the authors of Night Marchers comes a new apocalyptic series with a paranormal twist. Turn the page for a preview of Project ELE.



CHAPTER ONE (Six days in line)

Waiting in line totally bites! What's worse than waiting in line? Waiting in line, outside in the stifling heat with escalating temperatures. The only relief being a hand held battery operated fan and a portable misting machine that ran through our daily ration of water in less than two hours.
Beads of sweat drip down my face, causing my eyes to sting. My dad faces his fan so it hits the back of my neck. He always looks composed and collected, but even he isn't immune to this sweltering weather. His salt and pepper hair is plastered to his head with sweat and his usually vibrant green eyes show telltale signs of heat exhaustion. 
"They could have at least left the patches up until we had a chance to apply for entry. Maybe then the heat wouldn't be this stifling." Our neighbor in line, Mr. Leroy mumbles. The patches that cover the holes in the ozone layer is all everyone talks about lately. They are the only thing that keeps us all from burning to a crisp. Mr. Leroy is an elderly man with leathery skin, shiny grey hair and beady brown eyes. He walks around all day in only a pair of plaid boxers and a ‘wife beater’ undershirt. Some of the older women scoff at his choice of attire. It doesn’t faze him though; he says that dying of heat stroke while waiting in line to see if you pass inspection would defeat the purpose entirely. While I may agree with Mr. Leroy on that part, I have to say that honestly, he gives me the heebie-jeebies. He wears a nasty frown twenty-four seven and always reeks of stinky old man sweat. My mom assures us that he's just a cranky old geezer with a thousand conspiracy theories and that he has nothing better to do other than share them with us. 
"You know Lee, they are doing the best they can. The virus is spreading at rapid speeds and they have no choice but to begin the heating process to stop it." My dad says this, not bothering to remove the annoyance from his voice. 
"Is that why they let all of the rich ones in first?" Mr. Leroy asks with a cynical expression. "They've been in there for two weeks already and the rest of us 'lower class' just now got invited to the party." 
I catch my dad rolling his eyes behind Mr. Leroy's back. It makes me grin, especially since he always gets onto me when I do it. My parents are none to happy to have Mr. Leroy behind us in line. Up until Mr. Leroy opened his mouth, my parents had done their best to shelter us from the impending doom that we were all facing. Mr. Leroy on the other hand, couldn't care less that we are 'merely' children as my mom would put it. He voices his distaste for this whole situation, which he deems completely the government’s fault, whenever he so feels like it. With him running his mouth non-stop, my parents had no choice but to tell me most everything. My four year old little brother, Sebastian, is too young to understand. At fifteen, I truly feel I can handle the truth. Well, at least I think I can. To be totally upfront, I'm scared to death, but I'm dealing with it the only way I know how: Pretend, I could care less. It's a hard facade to pull off though. 
We've had a rather closed off life for the past few years, as have many children. With the fear of the virus looming over everyone's heads our parents had kept us inside our home for the most part. We had stopped going to a formal school by the time I was ten. Now we are home schooled online. Of course I never truly understood why we were forced to stay inside our small home all of the time. 
Millions have already died, with thousands more dying daily. The government was forced to implement Project ELE. Don't ask me who ELE is because I have no idea. I asked my dad once who she was, his expression went dark as he replied, "All you need to know is that you don't want to meet her." I didn't ask him again after that. After all, if ELE scares my dad, I'm sure she would terrify me. 
With Project ELE in place we only have another seventy-two hours before the temperatures are predicted to increase above one hundred and seventy degrees, which will most likely kill the remaining survivors outside of the F.E.M.A. shelter. Our bodies are not meant to withstand that kind of heat, neither is the virus. Currently the temperature is at one hundred degrees and some of the people in line have already faded away because of it. Fading away from heat stroke seems like a more pleasant way to die than to experience the excruciating death caused by the virus. It's an eerie feeling watching people that have died being whisked away on a stretcher with a white sheet draped over their bodies.
This shelter is our only hope to survive this thing. All remaining power that wasn't diverted for Project ELE has been re-routed or conserved to run the few F.E.M.A. shelters across the country. The line to our shelter is running at a snail’s pace. There are so many tests stations to go through before people are permitted to enter the shelter where we will supposedly spend the next three years or until they can get the patches back up, whichever comes first. 
Before you can enter the shelter they have to verify that you are not infected and that you are fit to survive. Mr. Leroy says repeatedly that this is not the place to bring the weak or weary and it's especially not the place to bring the sick. 
This whole business started with the sick. A virus brought forth from a cure. They thought it would work, that it could heal everything. Cancer, diabetes, depression, the flu, even the common cold could be healed by 'The C.U.R.E.' or Counteractive Universal Recovery Elixir.  It did work for several years, until a super virus came along that not even our precious 'C.U.R.E.' could fix. My mom says that we weren't meant to live forever. Not that we could live forever even with the 'C.U.R.E..' Meaning that we couldn't cheat death by curing everything the world suffered from. 
The super virus killed off more than half of the world’s population. No country was safe from this air born virus; it only takes a measly few days to die once infected. In an attempt to kill off the super virus, the United Nations agreed to pull down the patches that they spent over a hundred years perfecting. Obviously I wasn't around when the patches first went up to cover the giant gaping holes in the ozone layer but I heard that it took a tremendous amount of energy and power to put them up in the first place. It is said that the entire world worked together back then and went for a full month without electricity of any sort in order to put the patches in place. This is another reason why they are diverting all of the energy now and not allowing us to stay in our homes. They need that power to put the patches back up after the warming does its job. On a side note, the project for creating those patches a hundred years ago was also called Project ELE. It's kind of creepy if you ask me. 
Scientists anticipate that with the patches gone it will cause a long-term heating of the earth's surface that will hopefully kill off the virus. They aren't sure if the plan will work, but obviously with the temperatures rising daily, it seems to be. They don't know what the long-term effects will be on the planet after they cause this heating, but the United Nations deemed the possible reward was worth the risk.
Mr. Leroy said that the earth will never be virus free and that this whole scheme will most likely end in the destruction of all life on earth, as we know it. My dad says that Mr. Leroy, or Lee as he calls him, exaggerates. 
"Willow, it's time for bed." My mom says. I look to my dad hoping he can make the call to allow me to stay up a little longer but he just shrugs. I roll my eyes, like a normal teenager would, and head over to our tent. I carefully unzip the tent door and cool air piles out. "Hurry, don't let out all of the cold air," my mom calls. I hurry inside and zip the door up again.
F.E.M.A. passed out portable cooling units to the families with small children yesterday as temperatures exceeded the hundred-degree mark. Mr. Leroy said that they only want the younger ones. He doesn't even know why he's wasting his time in this line when they are just going to stamp a big old DECLINE across his passport card. He says it's all about the survival of the fittest. The young ones who can one day re-populate the planet. I asked my mom what Mr. Leroy meant about re-populating the planet. She wouldn't answer me so I asked Mr. Leroy when she wasn't looking. Unfortunately, he answered me without hesitation. Gross! I could have gone the rest of my life without having that talk with Mr. Grumps-a-lot! I wish I could scrub my memory out with soap and hot water. Scratch that, so ap and cold water, ice-cold water. Yes, that would be nice.
"Wello," Sebastian calls out. 
"It's Willow!" I say a little too harshly. His big blue eyes tear up and his face crumples into a sad puppy dog look. It breaks my heart. My little brother is the chink in my ‘all-attitude-twenty-four-hours-a-day-teen-armor.’ "I'm sorry Sabby, I'm just a little grumpy tonight." I apologize. I lay down next to him on the small air mattress that we share. My parents sleep on the hard ground, but all of the children get air mattresses, which gave Mr. Leroy one more reason to complain about the ‘travesties of his existence,’ as he calls it. 
"It's okay Wello. Mommy says we need to sleep when we're grumpy." He pats me softly on the shoulder as if he's the grown up reassuring me. My little brother is a little too cute for his own good sometimes. He's going to be a heart breaker one day; at least that's what all of the old ladies say. Sebastian has huge cherub cheeks, big bright doe like blue eyes and soft brown curls that are long enough to fall in front of his eyes. We look so different. I'm wiry and thin with hallow cheeks, brown eyes and caramel colored hair that has a mind of its own. I sometimes find myself envious of Sebastian's perfect ringlets. My hair seems to twist and bend every which way leaving me no choice but to throw it under a cap or into a ponytail. 
"I'm not grumpy cause I'm tired, I'm grumpy because I'm too old to be going to bed at eight o'clock." I throw my arms across my chest in a physical gesture to prove my frustration. 
Sebastian turns over and cuddles next to me. "I not tired eter." He says with a yawn. 
"Love you Sabby." I say as I watch his little eyelids droop heavily. 
"Wuv you too Wello." He says before he drifts off to dreamland. Right now he looks like the poster child for innocence. I wonder if I will ever feel that innocent again. Sometimes I wish I could go back to the days when my only worry was what dress to put on my Barbie or whether my mom would let me have that extra cookie after dinner. This is the land of no return though; a land where the weak-minded aren’t welcome. 
I stare at Sebastian for a while then turn my sights on the shadows that dance across the white tent walls. I try not to think about the future, the insecure feeling I get when I hear people talking about the upcoming tests, but they weigh heavily on my heart. My father used to tell me when I was younger that I should tell myself a story when I felt scared. I know I'm getting older, but I justify the fact that it's okay to tell a story to the sleeping toddler next to me, just in case he's feeling as scared as I am. I reach over and sweep the tiny ringlets from his face with my fingers. With a voice just above a whisper I begin, "Once upon a time..." 



EMMA AND KAYLEE'S OTHER FAVORITE CHUCK NORRIS JOKES:

1.When Alexander Bell invented the telephone, he had three missed calles from Chuck Norris.
2.Chuck Norris doesn’t call the wrong number.  You answered the wrong phone.
3.Chuck Norris won American Idol using sign language.
4.Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that’s why there’s no signs of life.
5.Once, a cop pulled over Chuck Norris…he was lucky to leave with only a warning.
6.Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.
7.Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
8.Chuck Norris doesn’t read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
9.Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
10.Chuck Norris doesn’t need a Twitter; he’s already following you.
11.Chuck Norris CAN touch MC Hammer.



We love connecting with our fans. Check us out on our blog, our websites, Facebook, Twitter or Goodreads. Leave us a comment and let us know what you think of our books. Also, don't forget to check out our book trailers. If you liked our book, we would love it if you could take the time to leave a quick review or two line comment a long with a rating on Amazon or any other reviewing platform. 
Our Links:

Blog: http://nightmarchersseries.blogspot.com/
Facebook fan page: http://www.facebook.com/nightmarchers
Facebook fan page: http://www.facebook.com/eleseries
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5308881.Rebecca_Gober
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/5308882.Courtney_Nuckels
Twitter: MidniteBeckie and NuckelsC
Night Marchers (A paranormal series following a Hawaiian legend.)
FREE
Website: http://www.nightmarchersbook.com
Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BveTIF08xE0
Redemption (The 2nd Night Marchers Book)
Book Trailer: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXs8kxcy32s


Clean Teen Publishing
www.cleanteenpublishing.com

Our Commitment to Our Readers:
At Clean Teen Publishing, we believe that our readers deserve to know ahead of time what they are reading. We do not believe in censorship; we believe in the right to know. Every reader, no matter what their age is, has certain boundaries they don't want to cross. Currently there is no consistent rating system in place for books like there are for movies, music and video games. We believe by offering a wider range of disclosure about the content of our books, we will give readers of all ages and parents, a stronger sense of comfort according to what lies between the pages. 

For more information about our rating system and to find out more about our authors and our books, view our website at www.cleanteenpublishing.com. 


 
http://www.facebook.com/cleanteenpublishing

Twitter Handle: #CleanTeenPub

Blog: http://cleanteenpublishing.blogspot.com




Clean Teen Publishing is currently accepting young adult and new adult book submissions. For our submission guidelines, visit our website at: www.cleanteenpublishing.com.

Our Commitment to Our Authors:
At Clean Teen Publishing, we believe our authors, who create new and amazing literary worlds, deserve to receive a large share of the profits that their art creates. We also believe that our authors deserve the support of quality editing, breathtaking covers and the power of a strong marketing presence behind them. As authors ourselves, we know that your writing comes from your heart and, in a sense, is a part of you. We will carefully protect that part of you and work hard to keep your creative vision alive.





Available Now!
www.gabriellearrowsmith.com

Sydney Harter has long awaited September 12th, 2033—her eighteenth birthday. She can finally apply for guardianship of her sister, who is her only family and entire world. She hopes they will be lawfully reunited, but is prepared to defy authority and risk everything to escape the captivity of Miles County so that they can be together.
Escaping will be difficult and dangerous. Citizens are bound to their county by sophisticated chip implants that deliver shocks to those who dare to cross the electric barrier. Sydney is very clever, but her trickery is limited against the all-seeing eyes of technology. Even if they were to survive the escape, disappearing into the forgotten forests and towns of the past seems an impossible task.
What Sydney doesn't know is that she is the particular interest of two opposing forces. With deceit, fear, and warfare surrounding her—can she trust the party that aims to help with her fight against the other? Can she open her heart to receive and return unexpected love? When her sister’s life becomes jeopardized, Sydney will have to weigh a new love against the only enduring love she has known. The cost could be deadly…
How will she choose?


 

Available Now!
www.dblstar.com

When Cepheus, a dark god, forces seventeen-year-old Ally Ashworth off an isolated overlook, she has no idea she's falling into his world, or that the necklace she’s wearing is actually a key - one with the power to ignite the next world war. But she’s carried beyond his reach and into the one place where he’s powerless ... the forest of Gilgamesh.
Ally’s never been Miss Popularity, but her outsider status takes on new meaning when she’s rescued by Liam Cheveyo and his peculiar friends. After seeing them shape-shift into their freaky humanimal counterparts, Ally smacks hard into a few truths: magic really does exist and, although getting here took no effort, finding her way back might be impossible. Feelings between her and Liam begin to grow along with the realization that, in this world, she’s stronger, better ... until she’s caught in a trap set by the creepy spider-boy Cepheus sends to retrieve her. But Ally’s not going down without a fight, not after learning the horrible truth about the passageways. 
The survival of both worlds depends on it.




THE EARTH GIVES WAY TO THE SEA,
THE SEA BOWS BEFORE THE WIND,
THE WIND FEEDS THE FLAME,
THE FLAME BURNS THE WORLD OF MAN DOWN TO THE EARTH.

The sleepy town of White Halls harbors a dangerous secret. On a picturesque street, two houses down from a lovely little park, in a quaint little home with a wraparound porch, lives a family that seems rather normal. Sure, their twenty year old son, Xander, still lives at home, but he's going to college and dating the leader of the schools top sorority. It's all very... normal.  However, when a man is miraculously saved from being hit by a bus, Xander's life turns in to the living embodiment of the tornadoes he can suddenly create with a flick of his wrist. Whether he wants this gift or not, Xander must learn to use his new 'super power' quickly if he wants to survive.  For his kind is a dying race, and when this sleepy town has a sudden influx of new, blonde, fire wielders, no one is safe, especially Xander. It doesn't help that one of these blondes happens to be the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Xander can't deny the instant connection he feels to her so, when she tries to kill him, it certainly makes things complicated.

Follow Jon Messenger on Facebook


MORE CLEAN TEEN PUBLISHING BOOKS:


THE ELE SERIES
by best-selling authors- Rebecca Gober and Courtney Nuckels
http://www.eleseries.com
www.facebook.com/eleseries

